Yeah. Uh huh Mhm. No no mm. Uh huh Mhm Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Uh huh Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No no no no no no go back down right here be down here I can't I can't back up from my computer so they over here over here. No no no no over here they laid extra mama come on next to mummy. Okay. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh. Uh huh. No. Yeah. Oh yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah put it yeah. Oh yeah. Hi there
I can see tv Okay
I'm Louisa
that's okay
that's okay.
I've been at
one other time I've done it one other time and I think yeah we're just asked to talk for like 25 minutes. So I believe that I live in Texas. Where are you? And who are you?
Okay. Well you're you're quite a bit of ways for me. Yeah. Nice
thing.
I know that's true. That's true. I know that's that's just some craziness. So I assume everything there you have to wear masks when you go in public and all that.
no.
I'm in the Dallas Fort Worth area and I think it's decreasing but there's other places in the state where it's increasing so I worry about the creep effect that like eventually will start to creep up again. Yeah. So are you working from home right now?
my
Oh
sure. I'm sorry to hear that. My gosh I've been working from home. I work um at a university here so um
with my
with U. T. Arlington it's one of the U. T. Schools. Um I work in like their grants office for research so I can do all my work from home which is kind of nice. So they're even talking about letting us stay at home even when we're able to go back.
But I don't know it sounds too good to be true I don't know. But
yeah people do tend to be pretty nice to us because they know we hold the purse strings. So yeah there are some people who come in and they're like mad because they don't have their money but you know. Yeah.
Yeah so flight
attendant
that sounds like a where did you go?
well cool. Okay.
I don't know why maja you use psychology as a flight attendant right? You know with everybody you have to
deal with my gosh that's a job that I mean I always try to be like you know as cooperative as possible and it never fails. It seems like there's always some idiot on our flight with me and you know, I used to travel a lot for my other job and, and yeah, I just was sort of like life is short. Why do you have to make things difficult? Like I just don't understand.
Didn't
you?
I
know,
but do you
to
be
dragged? I know. Like do you really want to
be dragged down the aisle by police officers? I don't think you do.
Let's
talk
about
this.
Well, you know, you see the crazy videos on the
internet,
so Yeah, no, I've never seen that either. Um the only weird thing I ever had happened to me on a flight that was, that was odd enough was that it was a really early morning flight from New york to Dallas and I was in the window, I was in the window with a woman and her friend next to me and the
woman in the middle was extremely chatty like to the point where it was like a little weird and I just wanted to go to sleep because I just want to go to sleep because I'll sleep and I'll wake up home you know and then all of a sudden I fall asleep and her friend
starts
hitting me on the shoulder and I I
wait
you know I wake up
and I look and
she's passed out the girl
in the middle
so apparently
she was
like really
anxious about flying and she passed out so she's asking me to ding for the for the flight attendants riding and she comes over I mean her friend is slapping her in the face and everything trying to wake her up and she is just like out.
no
you,
I don't know because the pilot even came back eventually and I was like shouldn't be up there, I was like
and we had to make an emergency landing and before we actually
landed
she woke up she refused to believe us that she had passed out like it
was
kind so we were like yeah
why don't every stuff because of you were all like it was while
but
that was
that was
really crazy but I was
glad
she was okay, I was glad she was okay but you should really learn to fly better or take the train or the bus or something I don't know.
or
Oh my gosh, I hope you haven't had too many incidents like that. That's yeah. Do you mainly
like,
do you mainly
find
the US because we go international? Well,
Question.
no,
that's awful.
Well
what?
so
our
staff?
All right.
Ice.
I
used to,
it is an awful airport. Well
they have hobby and intercontinental.
They're
both bad. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Well yeah, I can imagine you have some stories. My goodness. Uh huh.
So
I imagine,
I can imagine.
Yeah.
Oh I can imagine,
I can only imagine what some people are like, oh.
and I think that's a little
sometimes
it's
self medicating
because they're anxious
so they
drink to like relax and it has the opposite effect and they're like yeah.
Yeah.
It,
well Yeah, years ago he's
23 now. But
my nephew, he was I think 14 and we we
we're
going on a business
trip to new york
but I took him and another nothing so they can, you know, we could go
see some sights while we were there
and we didn't know that
know this, but
he had to go to go when we landed, he could not tell if
he
was
up
or down,
like
it was so
disoriented
and
the
flight attendants were so nice. I mean they like, you know, reclined a first class seat for him. We tried to see if I get him a little no, like whatever because he couldn't walk. So they called like the people to come and get him in a wheelchair or whatever and I was I just couldn't wrap my mind around it. He's like, I don't know where I am, I don't
know it was standing
up. I mean he was so like out of
it, but
are you
they get from the originally the stories about other people they had seen with that while we waited for the paramedics I guess who came and but I mean once he was in the seat and I don't know, eventually he got his bearings again and he was okay and they just told, I think the paramedics told us to give him drama me and make him take a nap and he did and the next thing he was fine. So. Yeah.
Was
what?
I
can
imagine.
I
know, I just remember when he was able
to
talk
about
he was crazy, you know? It was yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I think there's been too then what laguardia and JFK quite a bit. Um
Yeah, because I went to college in Connecticut so a lot of times I would take a shuttle to one of the new york airports to fly directly home. That's what I would do a lot.
So
I don't know a lot of times I was there so early in half asleep I think I was saying like JFK better. Yeah.
in a long
time.
I can imagine. I usually
will drive
the Houston, but yeah. Mhm.
Like
it's
we um see it's a it's a pretty big school, it's in the middle
of the city
and
and we're kind of known
for, I'm
trying to think
of like the big schools
we're now for engineering or um
the scientist is
sort of a lot of
of
but the chemical
and bio biology.
it's
my
wall. Thank
you. Yeah
and
there used
to be two of them but one fell so whatever it
was, a little mirrors broke, so I thought well I just I just threw it away. Yeah. A
friend
of
my system,
a friend of mine sometimes we'll talk on zoom and she's like sometimes it looks like you have a halo and I'm like oh yeah that's what so
I need
to move it
but I'm not I'm sitting on a little um I mean one of my guest rooms and I'm not sitting on a little day bed so it's like super comfy and I have like a like a table pull towards me so I can I this
is
where I work,
I got you
and watches.
There we go. Yeah.
That's a good way to make space to. Yeah I'm trying to. Yeah that's that's cool. And
you want to be high up. That's funny. That's funny.
I
want to that's what I want to know. A minute ago. I saw that you could see him.
My little cat is over here sleeping but
I was gonna see if I can get him away but I can't.
Yeah it's over here on my left at the bottom. Yeah.
Oh that's we'll see.
he'll
do he'll climb up here and look and mess with things when I don't want him to but when I want
him to
cooperate of course like no I don't want you
you have
I know He's like the handful. He's like 12 years old.
And I found him as a kitten on my
porch in the
middle
of the summer and I waited
and
waited to see if his mama ever came back and she never did.
So
I brought him inside.
Oh he's he's black and white. He's just he's
like a little tuxedo
cat.
For those are long
hair,
That's
so cute
one.
He's a short hair and sometimes something he lays on my clothes, he'll lead
to make his little white, but he
doesn't
shut too. Yeah. So yeah,
what? We're finally cooled off, you know texas were like known for a heat um and humidity, but today it's actually
pretty nice. It's finally like the
only in the seventies and eighties now versus the nineties, you know? Uh huh. But uh but yeah, it's pretty nice now. What about you?
That's a range. Yeah.
This
high,
we've
had
of,
no
we will get like an ice
storm
like
in january
february that will check things down, but it only lasts maybe written day. Yeah, but that's it and we haven't had
one of those in a couple of years.
I know.
Um Yeah I mean I think that we definitely need to change some things to like you know just leave it for the future and I do think so I think you know
that's
jail
man.
Um I mean I know
but that's known look
at there's
Brigham
young university and all that like I don't know a lot of
women's
you're
like
I don't know what
that means
that doesn't look good.
I never
I didn't hear about that
you know
I don't see a lot of
news
on
tv
I'll read it on my phone you know. Yeah
right now I don't read it very much because it's all about politics so
I know
so
I just
I know it's just yeah I don't I don't I don't even want to yeah I'm just gonna go and vote early and try to beat the crowds and so yeah.
In Texas they only let you vote absentee like through the mail if you're what 65 and older if you have a disability or if you're in the military and you're out of the country so otherwise
Yeah. We don't they don't make it easy for people but there's a lot of early voting places and I just drove by one today that didn't look that busy at all. So I'm hoping it stays like that tomorrow and I'll
go early vote tomorrow. Yeah.
Okay.
What?
Well,
I always
have issues with my printer. Um Yeah.
All
I know. I know. I don't I
am
trying
not to get I'm trying not to get too optimistic at the
same time like
I
think I'm ready for
every scenario because I just have no idea what's going to happen. Uh huh.
we'll see, we'll see. I know I can't wait for it just to
be over. Yeah. Well,
I know.
I know.
Part that's pretty funny. I can look at that up on the internet. That's pretty funny.
What?
But
what?
Yeah. And I think just local stories stay probably pretty local. I don't know, but
I have a
funny story. I was okay. I had a funny story about to
morgan that
came to
my door
It was during the summer and they were so cute because they had on these little white button down shirts with black pants and black ties and they were on their bikes. Yeah.
And I Yeah, and they, you know, I haven't no soliciting sign on my my glass door. And so I pointed at it, added to them to say like, I'm not interested in hearing anything. And they said, well can we just ask you a question? And I was like, sure what is there anything we can do for you? Like, you know, is there anything we can help you do it? And I was like, and I joked with my husband, I said we should have told them all the yard. But then a friend of what and my friend said that they would have, I was like uh because that would have to talk
to them.
And
so my
friends,
Yeah, my friend was telling me that a neighbor of hers, she came home one day and these two guys were helping her in her yard and afterwards she was like, well those were grands and she's like, no, those were just some kids from the mormon like Oh my God, so
they will, it was pretty
funny.
They're
very
I know really? Can you come back like? Yeah, I know. So
it was
pretty,
I
just know.
So
It
was
it
was I know and I was like I was joking about that and then I told my friend that
she was like they would have done it, they would have done it if you had 1002. Sounds like it
was
funny.
I know there's I mean they were so young and so like eager but I was like no.
Well
what,
Thanks.
Uh huh.
kid,
I
just remember,
I remember reading once, wanted to know more about it and I just said was
something
about what joseph smith and the gold weight, something that you know like I don't know, it sounded very weird to me
as I was like, I was like
at work.
I can't.
I
have.
Look
Well
What?
All over?
What?
No.
Before,
Oh my gosh.
I don't know if it's them, but yeah, we will get those little booklets on our door sometimes. Like the Watchtower something. I don't know
if it's over a witness
or
78 minutes.
I don't know what Yeah, Yeah,
yeah.
I don't think I'm trying to think if I've ever even driven through Utah, but I don't think I have, I mean I've flown
over, I mean actually, no, I have had a layover in Salt Lake City before but I would think I was a kid. So I hardly remember even
that, I don't
even remember
that everyone. Yeah.
But
There you go. My little nephew, he's not little anymore, he's like 23. He just moved out there and I mean that's terribly close to, I'm sure he moved to lancaster California so it's
it's like an hour outside of L. A. I think. So I'll be going to visit
him
Yeah, so once everything calms down, I want to go out and visit him but I'm not willing to get on a plane right now with all this
stuff.
You know that's one thing I remember saying
like when everything shut down because yeah everything's shut down here like at the end of March I was amazed at how complaint everyone was, you know what I mean? Because I thought there would be more pushback but I think it did start to freak people out so they did it, you know, kind of out of here too. But I was
just,
and how the grocery
store,
he was crazy.
Oh my God, it felt like it was like wartime or something like it felt so weird. You go and they're just shelves that were empty and it was awful.
What?
No.
but
and
Well
I
know. It was so, it was, it was so eerie. It was And also
then
so,
so we got used to that and then things picked up a little bit and then the protest happened and we had a curfew here in the Dallas fort Worth area. They made
everybody I think being by 8:00 or something like that. And so then it got scary again, you're like, what is this world coming to your like? Gosh, it
was,
I don't argue. Oh yeah, we're going to Washington one of those really bad. Yeah. Yeah. Well the ones here in Dallas and from work there was definitely some duty. Um but like nobody else
got
shot
or
like
anything like that, you know? But it was, it was crazy. It was awful. Yeah. So, I mean, I don't know, I, I worry that their message gets
lost when things like that happen, you know? So yeah.
What?
No.
I
well
I know. And
these people who
are like,
I know. And then I always have to think about like, you know, really, all of us are immigrants and when it really comes down to it except the native americans
like. Yeah, like it's kind of crazy.
Yeah I know I
am.
No I am on my dad's side um there from other countries but like on my mom's side they've been here in texas. There mainly native american. They've been in texas for like eight generations already. And I mean so it's like I mean it's just really crazy. I don't know it's it's um I just I don't think that we need to ban anybody from coming in you know be specific. And the one thing I mean I don't I don't I don't know. So it's just been.
I know one. I'm hoping that the election goes in certain way. Things will get better. I'm not they say the same.
I'm not
if things stay the same. I'm a little pessimistic. Yeah.
Did
you?
Norway
I don't know why I'm blanking.
Norway
is
above
like
the U.
K. Or
Mark.
that's
right. It's all
worth it. Okay.
Other Vikings yep
that's right.
That's cute.
Yeah.
I guess you have to think of it in
terms
of population
like
you
know they may not have a lot of cases because they don't have the population that we do that kind of
thing.
Nothing.
well I
hope you're healthy and I hope you're able to get back to work soon. That's that's
yeah that's I'm waiting for all this to be over. Yeah so I'm hoping
we
can come
back with the vaccine soon and you know that way people do get it. You know we can help them and I don't know So. Yeah.
I know
I know I think I think we're we've talked for our time.
Look
what was nice talking to you though,
and um
Let me
see.
You
too. You too. Okay. Take care.
I don't know how to do any other. Let's see.