Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I didn't know that. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What's you cooking? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'm way early as usual. Uh And finally Uh huh.
Hi there,
I'm doing fine. How are you?
What's your name?
So
we joanie
you enjoying the weather
where you are? Is it pretty good or
I'm
in Georgia so we are to, you know what, what state are you in?
Oh okay. Okay. Are you in like
the
city part of it? Are you in the country part? Okay.
Okay. I had a lady I worked with years ago that as soon as you said new york, every every time she told somebody in new york they think the big city and all the glitz and she said no, we were like up in the north part, we had one stoplight and all that stuff, so. And when I assume it's
in the country, of course it's not so. Okay. Okay.
What do you do there? Okay.
What
are you studying? Oh,
big brain. Huh. Okay, wow, that's fascinating. And uh what year are you? Yeah.
Third year. Okay.
Is there a particular company you want to work for whenever you get graduated?
Good, good. Yeah, those are good fields. Yeah. I don't know if they pay well. I would assume they do, but you know sometimes you think they do and they don't but but it sure would be rewarding. I know that. But uh but wow, that's that's cool. Is there any particular aspect about it that you find the most enjoyable
as far as
now?
What you said it was? What was that again?
You're your field of study? Oh chemistry. So that's do with people and plants and stuff like that. Okay. And animals. Okay. What are your chemistry? Is there
just mineral?
Okay.
I think the one that you're doing is probably the most fascinating because I like living animals and no two are the same even though there's a lot of similarities. That's uh is that like, would that be something like uh DNA studies?
Well if I was to go into that field if I was younger and because I love true crime, then I would actually have to link the DNA to criminal studies of some kind, you know what scenes and stuff like that. So I'm just saying what you're not what you're doing is not fascinating by any means. But um you like uh is it more, do you, do you like to study more about like animals, animals, plants
or people were the most? Uh
Well,
very little. Well
I had back surgery a
few years ago, some disabled to the point where I'm like kind of limited on what I can do. I can't walk very far. I mean I can opt and stuff like that but you know I can't walk like really fast very far. Um And like lifting is a no no and stuff like that.
So
I'd like to uh my husband is retired so we just to the putter around the house mostly
especially with Covid Goodwill. That's
my favorite thing is uh
well
let's see.
True
crime shopping,
Goodwill
cooking. And reading.
What do you like to read? Yeah.
What
kind of fishing do you read?
Was that pretty interesting?
The only uh
that I could see I I've
read
about howard Hughes years ago because you know he turned he had such a mental issue called later in life right? About uh oh the guy that did the birds, the director his name
is leaving right now but he was interesting because he was but I'm not big on biographies per se but if it's somebody you know that I would be interested in then I would read it. But they do like true crime so uh they can't get enough of it and when I wanna but there's a group
there's
groups on facebook so I don't feel so bad. Um
And what city do you live in? I knew you well in new york city. Okay. Okay.
Um
Like I know that there was when the code first started I mean like the streets were just bear but now there's more
people
out and stuff. Mhm.
I think we really ought to. I
asked
my
husband the other day because I don't have kids and I don't have grandkids
I don't really
know for sure. But I said are they in school yet? He goes I I asked
him are they in school or out of school? And
he said yes, so apparently
they're going they're going like a few
days
and
then
home
schooling
the other part. Uh But you know, if they don't get sick at home, then they're going to go to school and get something and bring it home. So you know, if we're all set up to home school or or maybe like a virtual um lessons and stuff and I think they ought to just stay at um I guess you've been able to continue school, you know, like without.
How do you do your lab work like that though? Okay. Or do you not have?
that's frustrating because, you know, you want to do and your mom's not gonna let you go up the kitchen. Uh Yeah, I
never took chemistry and I was really glad I didn't have to
because I just,
now now I'm not as afraid of it, but I'm like really like, I think it's way beyond what I could manage. Um when I think of that, mostly it's math, but now I'm not isn't afraid of math as I used to be and I'm not by no means, but you know, there's this block, like I just can't something about it, I'm gonna get it wrong. But uh yeah, that's that's good. And you should probably be able to find a employment pretty quickly, I would think.
And
Yeah, that's the bad part. I mean, you get young people like yourself that want to get, you know, better education and get certification. And then, because the covid, even if you can still go to school when you get out, it's hard to find something. So, wow. But well, he always the Good Lord puts stuff on this we can handle. So, uh, I was on that value. Um, I had a survey yesterday and that's what good had happened here in Covid. It doesn't first tell us it doesn't sound like a good thing, but actually turned out fine, but went out of my car and most people,
oh no. You know what happened
and everything?
And so
like
I
look at it as a positive
because,
first of all,
when they went out was like about a quarter away from a mile away from home. So it wasn't that far away. And I've been shopping all day driving, you know, and Evans, So which is about 20 minutes away. And so that was, you know, a good thing. And then when they went out, went all the way before I was behind this truck and I was like like that and he turned out and made it right out of the way and no truck traffic in
front
of me.
So that was the second nice thing and then I was able to go nice and slow and turn into our drive or our
block
and get home safely. Uh the next day I actually had tickets for
seminar for active
shooter seminar, which I thought was going
to be really, really
interesting and I was really
excited about it and it was going to be kind of really in boarding
and we would have gone to that by the interstate, So we probably would have six miles an hour and if they have gone out we'll probably have them killed, you know, because I just can't see us being able to stop, you know or do anything other than that's and and then if they had gone out when we were already there
then we've been stranded in town
so you know what truck? So I was just really after I got
over the aggravation of it then I was like real grateful that it turned out it did so but my poor husband during the aggravation phase he was like I'm sorry I'm sorry I can't help it, he's afraid of me. No but are you dating anybody? I'll be real personal here. Oh
I
what?
you're right
public
that's
that's
really mature. Really mature because when I was your age I mean it was all about
I didn't myself worth was tied up into if somebody was wanted to be you know date me and things and you know now I realised that stupid but I guess it was the culture back then. Um So that's good. I'm glad to hear that. I'm sure your
parents
are, you know because he's
putting
all
this
money into education and then some comes along and he's missed her it and then suddenly you know, I don't think it's cool and everything like some kids so that's good. That's really good.
Um Let's see. So how long you been doing? The prolific thing?
It's it's not one that is real popular which I like. Um I've been I've been doing surveys for a little pocket money because the disability doesn't go very far at all and when I started doing it I was not really as uh appreciative of how great it is But I had like accumulated $50 and one time and redeemed it. This was like it was a year ago in July. Mhm. And I didn't know how it works, so I didn't know that you had to kind of when they send you the money per se, you had to accept it. So I didn't and I forgot all about it, and it happened a year ago, like almost to the day later I've been through my account trying to, you know, because I got where I using it more. Um and I found that money, I thought, oh
my gosh,
I didn't collect that
and in most surveys, because a lot of them, they'll bite, they'll fight you tooth and nail money you've earned, they make it next to impossible to find out the survey name and how to, you
know how to how to like uh
yeah, yeah, they fight you tooth and nail the whole thing. And I just and I sent a copy of the uh
uh a screenshot of where it said, you know that I had the money and everything and it to me within a matter of, you know, a day. And I sent him a nice thank you note and said, you know, unlike other places,
No,
no problem. I earned gave it to me and so
And it's, it's amazing how fast it builds up. You know, I like, I like to do
some other ones and they maybe 50 cents or 80 cents
or a dollar, you know what, it's like that, But it's not where you can consistently get approved and get, you know, other like freebies like this where you get to talk to a lovely person and make some money out while you're doing the same, you know, at the same
time. Oh, but yeah, there's, there's one I'll warn you about. It's called
quick quick thoughts. Yeah. Um They're just this summer,
It's
a lot of people that are on it and Facebook
when
they look at it, they just banned me and they and they owed me like maybe $40 bucks and they do this Pat letter that says you broke
some kind of rules or something and they send the same thing to everybody. They don't investigate it, they don't give you an explanation.
Now.
I know it
made me
like
you
and that one was really, I liked a lot because
the points I put toward um my itunes and paid for my netflix. So I'm out of pocket for my netflix.
But
you
know if
they're gonna do
me that way. And then a lot of people were like arguing with them about it and they would let them back in the group
and I said no, if they can do me that
one way then I'll get a balance
built up and they'll do it again. And then we're also real bad about if you took a survey then there was something would magically go wrong
with it and you never could
figure out what the survey number was or get back with
them, you know
and argue the you know the um against them so I don't have any time for that. Yeah.
I love
that. Yeah you gotta you gotta instantaneous connection to the person actually doing it where they can't
say, you know, I didn't I wasn't involved
and I can't help or that you know go somewhere else to get your information or whatever. So I like that too. Um
I
had experience with uh survey uh six months or so. I was had a product testing and they already had sent the product and I was all ready to go and never got the first uh
policy.
I did get the first survey question, but then you know, I had two other to other products to to drink, it was like a protein drink and they never sent them. So I got screwed out of all of it. And when I contacted them they said
well that was done through Quantico
or somebody bought us or is over that or something and they couldn't help me. Um And so
you know it's like I think
that company bought out a bunch of these survey places and then just started saying okay we're going to eliminate, you're gonna thin the you know, you're not gonna pay people so. Oh
I was so mad. But when you do what you can to try to make a little extra money and then they screwed you out of it. It's just
it is.
It's whatever surveys do you do?
Bradley. I know. Like what did you win? Mhm,
And stuff like that. I mean I'm always excited at the opportunity, but I'd rather have the cash because I don't win it. But
girl,
I mean
yeah,
there's
some um I can't
think right now what they are, but some of them, that's all they do is your you can
buy
opportunities into uh
bid on stuff, you know? And I'm like, and I do it because I just, you know, it's like okay that's always gonna be there, I might have a chance, so I'll just go and take it. Um But that's not one of
my favorites obviously. And on them you can have like 20 or 30,000 points and that comes down to really nothing because you gotta have two or 3000 to enter something. It's really yeah.
But
yeah that's all I get you. But um what else can I personally ask you about now? Um What do you like to eat?
Which
and me where's
the
I'm gonna you know that's I eat more meat than I should but I'm good the Good
Lord wouldn't give me all these big bad teeth. Better care if you want me to eat meat. You know that salad? Uh We are eating salad for supper though so I'm you know a good girl once in a while but I like jamaican food, I like the idea of it, but any time I've ever had it it's a kind of a spicy that is a little bit overbearing for me even though I like spicy food but there's different degrees. Um It's a spicy with a cayenne barbecue is tolerate that. Um But if it's a real heavy like ghost pepper heat, then I can't do that, make
it.
And I don't want to eat something that's making me so concentrated on the pain
that I can enjoy piers.
Yeah. I'm making them. I make pulled pork from my husband
and
I have
a uh oh man, we tear it up. Um It's really easy to um I used the crock pot and uh,
it's, if you've ever been to Kentucky, are you familiar with Kentucky barbecue at all?
Well,
well mostly in north Carolina is more of a vinegar based and, and then Southern States, they're more of a tomato in some places are mustard, this and that. But um
in Western Kentucky where I lived a number of years, there's a, like a vinegar based and it's,
I
mean,
I'm
hooked on it, I met there and so that's what I really like. So this recipe is kind
of based on that. Um it's, and then this doesn't have a sauce per se. It just has a dry
rub, you cook it in. And then the soul is uh Heinz Carolina flavored
barbecue sauce. When I found that barbecue sauce, I was in love and tickled because then I didn't have to keep making my own. Hello, Mark, quick carrying it of all things. So
I ordered it on Amazon and I got like five bottles.
Oh man, I love it. Like, uh, I
could never find chives, dried chives for baked potato. I got five bottles of those because I was like, I'm not doing this anymore. I'm not going to hunt every walmart in the area to try to find I want. So it's with good old amazon and I have cleaned up. But I love amazon. Especially since the covid, I mean the whole
paper.
they do.
Yeah. The only frustration I have is like I have seen where people
complained about products being
may be counterfeited.
Like they'll say, I know this doesn't work as the other that I bought before from another place.
And
that frustrates me because a lot of times um
like
I'll
use dry eye drops or different products and you know, you really got to have the right thing and if it doesn't work, then, you know, your money is wasted. So
like
about a week ago I saw and
I want to say it with amazon and not
walmart, but this person put a bad review about
something being
I don't know if it was necessarily
Not camouflaged but but they were you know complaining
about it. And they
said
that they got an actual email from the company saying we'll give
you $20 to take that review off. They wrote that in there too. Like wow, I mean how blatant is that? So
that tells you something. So and I forget what I was what product I was looking at, but that
made me really leery about buying it too.
They're they're they're supposed to be like some kind
of uh where you can get free products from amazon and I think that's where you do it, you review stuff. But when I looked at the products you can get in there just basically junk. So not you know I mean like and people really think they're getting something
and if they don't really use the brain cells a little bit, they'll realize, no, you're not uh this I don't know
if you
heard of a recent back
during
the
summer, there was a new
scam going called
brushing, I think it was called. And you would get unsolicited products from amazon.
lot of people were, you
know, like, wow, I didn't order this and I got it for free. Well what was happening was this seller was sending out like all these
different products to strangers.
And then um
yeah, and then they could somehow
put that person down as a uh,
like a
happy
customer. Like they could also raise their rate of they've been um likes,
they have
like uh
15,000 sellers or buyers or something. They can make their self look older and more established. You know, people would,
because that's the first thing I do is look at the seller, look at the percentage,
which you know positivity, positivity they have and how much experience. And so that's what these companies were doing and they were from china I think for where we, you know we got our favorite give Covid. So I was like, you know,
lot of people
were like uh
they were excited. But what they needed to do
is start changing passwords and start, you know, keep an eye on their uh personal information because something could happen. So in other words nothing that for free. Um but legally if you ever get something sent to you by a company that you didn't ask for your your legally uh possible to
keep it, you don't have to send it back. Um My ex husband, he got
a really nice belt buckle from,
I don't know, he
collected
guns. So it was like a drug company and
it was beautiful and
he said we
need to send
that back, I'm not paying for it. And I said you shouldn't have to pay for it. I'll
send him a
letter. He said no,
he didn't
feel good about that. So he sent it back. But title to keep it if he wanted to do so. But yeah,
yeah, they do. And it's uh I said brushing I think scrubbing. But
in that weird word for either
one, I mean, I don't know why they call it that, but it's either it okay. I'm gonna say scrubbing. But and then if you get the seeds from china, don't mess with them, throw them away because you know that, haven't you? Yeah,
there's people planting those things and that's going to be like uh what's that stuff here in Georgia? Honey could, huh kudzu? Somebody got the idea to bring that from another country to kind of
keep
erosion
that
day. And it's everywhere now. It's invasive. So yeah, kudzu. It's kind of
weird name anyway. Uh
You've enjoyable talk to because I've been running the whole conversation. I'm sorry.
Well, it's probably I've got 4 26. Do you have 4 26?
Okay. You got studying to do? I bet. Mhm. I'm not going to keep you. But you see Zoe, I love your name. I hope you have a great Western day. And hope your studies go well. And uh
I hope you're able to get a job just like that right after you graduate and it's something that you really, really enjoy. But
you're
welcome.
to talk to you too, honey. You take care.