Hey, how are new?
I'm
turning
up my volume a little bit. Sure. Can hear me. All right, okay, because I can hear you. Well, it's a pleasure to talk to you.
yeah, this is
pretty neat. Oh,
I have not. I was on a social
media site and uh, it was read it. I don't know if you're familiar with that, but I saw it and I said, well, let me just, just try it. So it's only been a couple of weeks for me. So
have
you
been?
Oh, two weeks. Okay. Okay. Are you making some money?
Okay. Okay. That's not that, that's not bad. Yeah, I think I'm up to uh yeah, I think $25 or $30. It should be about right for uh, for a couple of weeks. That's pretty neat. So is there anything you want to talk about tonight? Look,
it's been pretty good. Pretty good. The reason I signed up to do this was on board staying at home. So I said let me uh let me do this and then I'm going to go work out here in a little bit. But but yeah, everything's been going pretty good. I've been trying to stay home with all this covid stuff going on, which is crazy. But it's uh it's hard not seeing, you know as much of the family that I want to uh to see um
with all of that. What about you have been and do it? All right.
I was born in Germany. Yeah, the spartan. Yeah I am I
pronouncing
that correctly. V spot and Yeah. Yeah. So
I was
born
in Germany.
Yeah. Air force brat. So our family was stationed there and we were there for years and my brother was born in Frankfurt. So uh
and
then after.
Yeah. So you like America, would you ever go back to Germany or?
Yeah.
Yeah. So after Germany we went to Japan. So we spent about yeah six years in Japan. And I remember that I don't remember Germany. My older brothers and sisters do, but I remember Japan and that was wonderful. And then after that we came to the United States. So I wouldn't live anywhere else. But here you know people say would you go back and live in Japan and I've gone back to visit but I don't know that I would you know live there permanently. But it's a great vacation spot. Do you mind if I ask what you're studying?
Yes. Okay. Good. What do you plan to do?
Yeah. Well best of luck to you. My son in law works in the retail space uh in the medical center here. And he loves it. I think there's different is here uh it's called a research assistant and there's different levels of it I forget. But he's I guess the highest level I think it's going to go
for his PhD eventually. So he can be the P. A. But he loves it. And um his lab does a lot of cardiovascular is their focus. And so he handles all the mice and all that. He really gets
hands
on.
But what's neat is I think they're going to get covid samples um here
because they're supposed to be a link. A cardiovascular link is what they're seeing um with the covid virus, you know, with the strokes and the blood clots and all of that. So he was on a conference call the other day and where they said, you know, yeah you're gonna you're gonna get these samples and start doing research on that and they got the grant and uh and they're ready to go. So I'm excited for him.
And uh yeah and he loves this job. So I'm excited for you. This should be they should be pretty neat. I used to do uh pharmaceutical sales. I was a pharmaceutical sales manager. So I've been calling on doctors, medical centers, the the medical schools, all the students and the residents and attendings. And it's it's exciting. I call them kids because I'm older but to see the kids just progress and and then become doctors. And then my reps called on them. It's it's pretty neat. It's a report rewarding field. But it's hard. So if you don't wanna do that Doctor thing researches is fantastic. It's going to be very rewarding. Do you want to get your PhD you want to be a p a primary
investigator?
Yeah.
What?
No.
And not everyone is is good um in that sort of platform.
My best friend is a teacher and she teaches at an online school so she's very adept at it and she's been helping teachers who are in the you know the regular space and she said to teach them just the fundamentals of zoom. She said it's like and they're and they're older so they just don't you know they're not on it. And she said she spends hours hours trying to help them along and they don't know how to answer questions or you know they don't know how to manage the platform if someone's like um you know, interrupting and things like that. So she's just um yeah so I see what you're saying and not everyone is good with the platform, so it's just a skill and they even talk about, even the younger kids just, you know, they're not used to seeing their teachers, I'm talking about, you know, middle school, high school in this format, so it's taken everything some time to get used to. So, you know, it's not unusual. But what is your school decided to do for the fall? Have they made a decision yet?
interesting. I wonder will you pay less, I mean, will the costs go down or would this be
the same
thing?
Well, you're not alone goodness. Well, you know, good luck to you because I know this is going to be a journey, hopefully we'll be able to do you get through this. I mean, what do you think about the whole covid thing, you think it'll pass or what's your, I guess your prediction in terms of things getting
back fairly to normal?
Yeah,
right. I took part in a survey, not part of this prolific, but um I think a studio movie grill one of those times, you know those movies where they eat, you know, they bring you the food and you get the nice service and they were asking the customers, you know, how do you think we should go about, you know, opening back up, you know, spacing out people everything cashless, you know, do you want our servers to wear masks? You know, things like that and I'm like the safer the better, you know, try to space out people, you know, you reserve seats anyway now at the movies, you know, space us out and do that because, you know, I'm a big moviegoer and so I'm like, I'd like to go back, but I don't want to risk, you know, safety um just to watch a movie, you know,
because now they're doing everything on through netflix now and then amazon is partnering for these major studio releases. So, I mean, I mean, I don't know, I don't know what they're gonna do, but uh but we'll see. I was in the middle of opening up a food truck. So that was gonna be my thing. Yeah. And so that's on hold for now. But I definitely changed my plan. I'm definitely gonna do cashless. So no cash. I don't want to even deal with that. And that will be good for safety anyway. And then um I can pretty much isolate me and any type of worker I have an isolated in the truck and uh and
be pretty
pretty
safe because we can mask and glove up and uh and serve people and be cashless and I think do pretty good. But um But yeah, I think restaurants, movie theaters, I think you're absolutely right. Um I don't know. I don't know who the winners are going to be coming out on top of this. I don't know if it's grocery stores or if it's, you know, I don't know. Um You know, we'll see how, how things, how things flush out. I'm going to be, you know, sewing up some mass tonight, you know for friends and family, my neighbors and things like that. I know people who so are doing really good people who sell things like that are doing really good. So if you can tap into this somehow. Um I mean I don't know and then my old friends and co workers that are part of the pharmaceutical industry you know they can't go out, they can't work and so I mean I don't know what's gonna become of people in that sort of situation so uh so we'll see, we'll see when the hospitals open back up and things get back to regular how how things are going. I mean I don't know. So do you get out at all are you able to go outside?
Do you work out or?
wonderful.
That's
hilarious.
That's buddy.
so construction
is doing pretty good. Yeah. So
I'm sorry.
Okay.
That's
exciting
because I'm trying to help my daughter and her husband buy their first home but they have to wait through this. So we're looking online and then we drove by a few prices but you know, you can't go really go in, we don't want to do that, but we're going to see where construction goes and home resale values and all of that. It's everything's up in the air. So what else are you going to earn money? So this is the surveys I read about, Did you hear about what's it called? Being a app ap reviewer?
Were you review?
So I heard about that. So what do you do? Is it like transcribing legal documents or have
you?
interesting.
Yes. Well I hadn't heard that. Well that's interesting. You know, you know this is not really money, money, I like to get a little bit of money and I can do some online shopping and things like that,
but uh but yeah, I'm like this is a time filler because I'm like reading my books and I'm like I can only read so many more books uh here and and things like that, so I'm trying to figure out you know how else to do the time, So I try to walk every day and I'm gonna try to get on the my elliptical, go to my workout room and try to get a little bit of that work done tonight, so a little but I'm ready to kind of get out and about this
as long as I can, I can do it safely now. Do you read are you a reader other than school?
thank
you.
yeah, now do
you
genre that you like a particular
author?
No Rome
comes for you or Me?
Yeah. I'm a science fiction fantasy. Um I like to read those. I have this whole anthology um that's the next book that I'm reading this the year's Best science fiction. I collected them from the last 30 years so I'm working my way through the last 30 years of though, so it's a great collection. So I went back
And
I'm uh this is the third annual um went all the way back. So I'm gonna work my way through 30 years worth of of reading. It should be fun but I love good science fiction and I'd like to try my hand at writing a little bit and see how that and see how that works you know because hey you never know. But it's it's
genre to really right and really quite well so to do that, Do you any like online gaming or anything like that? Because usually young people are into that. Do you do any of that? Because
I
Example. Yeah.
Because I noticed my son in law, so again, he's not in the lab, they do conferences and I think he goes in once a week, but he um does
this whole streaming thing online and you can hear people talking and you know, they're playing and stuff is scrolling along the screen and I'm like, I can't even figure out what's going on. Are you actually,
Yeah, he watches streams. I mean, I don't think he broadcast, I don't think he's to that level of sophistication yet, but I think
you can make money that
way.
Yeah, there's a lot
of money
in that, that's what he said. And I'm like, I mean,
I
wouldn't
know.
Yeah. Yeah, but but he's pretty good. He showed me one game where he was just going through and and talking about is his, you know, strategies and things like that. And I'm like, that's way over my head. But uh but yeah, so he does a lot of that, so he'll spend a couple hours a day at least doing that. And I mean, I don't know, it's all behind me. I just remember like the sims, that's how far back I go. Um and things like that, but
you know.
My daughter.
The whole family is getting the kids to college. I thought that was fun. But uh but yeah, nothing like nothing like that. So your family cooking for you. All that good stuff while you're home,
get out of here, wow.
So
he
going
on.
Well I'm gonna say did
you did you pick up on any of it and,
because
that's
very
and it's very scientific the combinations you know your acid when the bases and things like that to really make a cohesive dish and everything and oh man that would be really really cool. So do you have a favorite dish that he does for you or?
Yeah. Oh man. Good for you. Are you gaining weight?
Because I would
be gaining when if I had to you know somebody cooking for me every day and it's good food I would just end and then I couldn't get out and do what I want to do. Would just be eating eating eating that would be uh
the
X.
Yeah. So it
is
Yeah. So it is hot over there. Okay. Okay.
Yeah because
we're
gone.
Right. Right. Well good for you. My goodness, how exciting. So what's a good german dish if you were to name something? Like what's a good,
Okay, is there like a gravy over it or?
Yeah like a chutney or something
appreciate
it.
mm.
but the
healthy
the
F.
B.
Right, right. Yeah. Well I'm in south south of uh United States so yeah, same thing here we're all we're all a little heavier down south, which is why I'm going to try to to work off my uh my my lunch and and dinner later. Yeah. Well this is really cool. It's been me talking to you
And I really, I wish you luck because I know this is a hard time.
I remember when I was in school I'm going to date myself because it was over 30 years ago. Um but you know back in college but this is an exciting time and you've got you know your whole future ahead of you don't want to sound like your parents but you've
got
all future,
you know? Yeah. Don't
don't. Yeah.
Oh good, good. So not like the helicopter, we call them helicopter parents so they're not they're not doing
that.
Yeah. Yeah. We're kind of letting you fly.
Yeah. Yeah I try
to be supportive. My girls I had two girls in there um I think they both hit 30 or 29 and 31 and and it's like you just you just got to raise them and then they go and I just tried to be as supportive as possible when they need me even now. You know, it's just, you know, want to be there to support them. But, but yeah, you just, you're gonna do great. I just, I see you. It's just
very
bright and uh
impressive. I was interviewing you or so I would hire you and uh put you to work. But I do. I just wish you the best of luck in whatever
you,
whatever
you thank you.
Thank
you.
So are you familiar with bubble tea? You know what bubble tea? Yeah.
Yeah. So it's so it's a bubble tea. So no food in this one. So the first one would be this bubble tea truck. And so everybody sees that unusual. But what I intend to do is work festivals and then do college campuses and
then
all the neighborhoods
if you, you know, you're not getting neighborhood. So, uh, I'll do that. So yeah, young people like you, they love bubble tea. And uh so I was doing my marketing plan and you're my demographic. Uh so
uh so yeah, so
and
then
my next
one.
Oh, that's funny.
That's funny. Yeah. Yeah,
so that's my thing. So hopefully after this is over the next couple of weeks I can get approval. The truck is still being built out, get approval for it and then be
up and
running
the middle
of the summer.
Yeah. So so we'll be, so we'll be around in selling bubble tea and then I'm going to do another one after that. So hopefully I'll have to look at the end of the year. So uh, so yeah, so it's it's exciting and uh we have to hire a few people so we'll see. But
uh yeah, we'll see what
what
like
drink this
year?
Well
thank
you.
Yeah well thank you. Well um I think our time is up. Do you do we have a timer?
because
I'm
okay so I'm gonna do, okay well I think I think your time is up. All right well blessings to you and
I wish
you the best and earn some money. Good luck to you.
you