Yeah, we're having on. Hi, how are you?
Dinner? Right. Yeah. So
I guess
we're just
It's nice to talk to you too.
How?
Never really done anything like it before, but
strange times.
Me too. I think
about
two
weeks.
Yeah, I think so far. It's been about $25, so
not specifically. Um they just kind of threw us in here. Um How has your day been?
definitely
pretty much, yeah, I'm a freshman in college and so I was forced to come back home because of the whole situation uh finish up the semester at home. Which was it was definitely different. It was an experience um learned from it. It was definitely a lot more difficult than I expected it to be. But I've been staying at home too and um pretty much used to not seeing family all the time. All my family's in Germany and so. Mm.
I'm
from
Was
it
military
or?
It's
always
interesting. You were always run into people that are from there. There's so many people from us. Military. Yeah, I grew up there until I was 12, my whole family's from there just decided to move over here one day. So
I mean it's hard to decide a 12 year olds world is very different from where I am now. And so the memories I have are good, but um I don't think I would go back personally nowadays. Um
Yeah,
I'm majoring in biology with a minor in german, just hoping to brush it up a little bit, especially in the professional sense um since I've been noticing myself lose a lot of it. So uh
um well initially I went in pre-med as so many people do um but eventually just through shadowing and looking at the different programs and especially the cost, um I didn't really decide that it was for me and so now I'm wore on on a research track, hoping to work in a lab. Actually got a job there about two weeks um it's a very research focus campus and so about two weeks before we had to go home, I started my job there and unfortunately we couldn't keep going, which is really tough because I was hoping to get some major experience and hoping to work in throughout the summer, but it didn't work out.
Thanks,
that's
what we
do too.
hmm.
that's
I'm
not really sure yet. Um I'm very very early still in the path. Um
so I've just been getting my cripes and trying to get some early experience, but I've been looking at a five year plan to getting a masters in Biology or something like that um Because I know my school offers a very good program with that but I've been talking with counselors but it's been it's been really tough with this situation going on with having to figure things out online
and meetings there especially with some of the, most of the counseling staff being, oh and I don't mean this in a bad way but
being more old and so they've had some some troubles trying to figure out the online systems um And even some of the professors, they were really struggling to try and get situated with the online class um
definitely.
No um the state school system said that they would do everything they could to resume online in person instruction. Um and I can believe that, I mean, knowing most how the administration has reacted to things before, I'm sure if they can get people in the dorms to get more money and they will for sure. Um but I, I know, I think Harvard and some other medical school have confirmed that they will be staying online, but nothing that I've heard concretely yet, but we'll see how it goes.
It's
showing
just through housing alone, but I don't think they should keep tuition the same because there's a really big difference between online and in person instruction. I personally can't learn as well through it. Words.
I
I don't think we'll ever go back to the things were before, but um I definitely think that will adjust to it somewhat. Um
something big that I've been hearing about recently is I think the movie industry is going to change in a very big way. Um I think theaters the smaller ones especially will probably die out and we'll just see a we'll see a bigger number of well a smaller number of bigger theaters especially with a lot of the studios deciding to release at home and then the company is not standing for that. I think the theaters will because you can't you can't just say we're not going to show any any studios films anymore. And so um I think that will lead to some kind of stand off that will result in just, I don't know either bankruptcy of major companies or they're just gonna have to screen the movies again. But I think socially I think it will be a lot more restaurants are going to be offering drive throughs and pickups than haven't before and um just generally sanitation, I think on average will increase, but there's obviously always going to be outliers that are gonna bounce back to the way things were before.
Absolutely.
That
does seem
to me.
not often
um I would like to, I would like to say I do, but that's been a a long time struggle um trying to get that started, but I've definitely been using a lot of my free time doing more of this uh this online stuff, trying to just earn some money on the side to save up. I mean I'm fortunate enough to have a very good scholarship at the university that I'm at,
but I just want to save some money because it doesn't cover housing or meals or anything like that and just for spending myself. Um But yeah, I mean and the time it was gone my parents used my room as a storage closet pretty much and so I've
been trying to get
that back organized. Um they weren't ready for me to come back home and
cleaning. That opened. My dad does a lot of construction and so I've been helping him out from time to time. Um So
that
I mean there's not a lot of interaction,
there's not a lot of interaction outside of it so um I mean he flips houses and so it's mostly just him by himself, maybe one or two other people and so mm
he's
been using
me for help.
I've
heard a couple of, yeah, I've kind of put together this huge list. Um There's prolific obviously. Um There's another site that does surveys called Be forthright And pay viewpoint. Those are the two that have kind of been most consistently and valuable and the time that you put in other ones, you can fill out 100 surveys and maybe you'll end up with $5. And these are, yeah, there's there's ones like branded surveys that are always putting out new surveys, but they're barely worth anything. But they have also found a couple of ones like Apinan evo that often that that you do these kind of small tasks. Um and they're wildly different. And then there's another site that I started I think two or three days ago to see how it would go in its transcription service that pays by the audio minute. And so I just I'll see how that goes and if it's worth my time.
I mean it depends
on your level of expertise. I think if you can prove your education in a legal or medical field, you can access more sensitive things, but mostly it's just customer service calls, the recordings and you just uh they just give you small snippets and you write down what's being said and they have a very specific style guide, but as long as you stay and keep that, that's all they watching, you know, and I'm guessing
it's just quality review of their representatives.
definitely.
definitely.
I used to be, I used to be a very very big reader. Um and then school got more and social interaction more uh and it just
kind
of faded into the background outside of academic reading. I haven't really done much, but I feel like I just need to find a starting point. Um I have a lot of books that I want to read. Um
I
had a
I
would not say so I would not say so I mean I've read everything from Grisham Too Green to King, it's very broad uh I wouldn't say I like romance but outside
of that
I don't know I think I grew out of that now five years ago probably I read a lot of those young adult books but nowadays no not so much.
you
cannot.
why not?
From
time to time I mean I used to do a lot more in high school, it was a lot more time um but nowadays I'll do it I don't know maybe 23 times a week for a couple of hours here and there. Uh but I mean again time is not very available so but yeah I do uh it's good for interacting with friends especially
and just kind of talking to people, it's nice. Mhm.
Group.
he watches streams?
There's
of money
in that.
I mean if
you
if
you can
sell
yourself.
No,
I I played a good bit of that, The 4th
1 since four that was easy to lose track of time on. Mm hmm
My uh my dad has a Master's degree in culinary arts and so
but
he he
got burned out of that whole industry and so that's why we moved here and he pretty
much dropped
out of it, but he's worked all over the world and so he does the cooking. I don't think I could compete
but
no, I mean he was always busy and so there was not a lot of time for teaching, but now nowadays I'm trying to pick up on a lot of it before I permanently move out because
I mean
it's a
good skill to have just
I don't think so, I don't think I can say that I have one that's that's the best. Um But I mean it's good to have someone that can provide all that good home cooking that you know that you have from Germany that you would never be able to get an a restaurant over here. Um So it's really nice to have. Uh
I
mean,
No, I mean
he's
not home much and so we usually just eat one big dinner um maybe just a little bit for lunch and and I've rarely been eating breakfast lately, but you know, the sentiment of freshman 15 is definitely true, but I've been trying to keep track of my weight better nowadays um and I am trying to get out, but the day just seems to slip away every time. Yeah, and you can't really go, I don't know, I don't enjoy going out in the middle of the day when it's 80 90 degrees out, so
I always
try to wait and then it's over, right?
Yeah,
no,
I'm
in the south and so it's it's getting pretty hot nowadays.
I mean there's a classic schnitzel, it's always good, it's just pork with breading and and fried. Um
No, usually not, but it it's served with this kind of, I don't know what, it's it's not cranberries, but it's kind of like that and it's kind of like a jam almost
I guess you could call it that, I'm not really sure, I'm not familiar with most of the culinary words, but
you
know if you look it up it's a very stereotypical dish and um
no it's good, I mean we're from like the deep south of Germany so it's it's really funny to see how the cultures aligned kind of with with a very similar, distinct accent from kind of the normal general consensus of the national language is very different in south of the U. S. And the south of Germany. And so we're in bavaria just outside of Munich. And so um culture also very different. Um a lot of people that are that have a bit more weight both in south Germany and uh in south us. Um and
so
it's funny
to
see the
similarities.
definitely.
Thank you.
No,
no it's
it's okay
At this point
to my parents, I'm 18 over there, that's out of the house and so they pretty much have the attitude, you know what's best for you. So try and take care of yourself and um they mean well, but they're pretty, pretty hands off nowadays and so
no,
not anymore. No.
Yeah, it's a blessing and a curse,
definitely.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Thank
you to
you too
with
your food
truck and everything. Um what, what kind of food truck were you opening?
Okay.
you'll
make
of money there.
Okay.
Yeah, no, I
will admit
my,
my girlfriend
is in the room and she's shouting at me that you should go to Ole miss because she, she loves bubble tea and so
sorry.
she's done.
That's
great
idea. I've
never
seen anything like that. Uh huh.
definitely.
No
I
wish
I wish
I could keep in touch with you and hear how you do but I wish you good luck. I hope
I can
see you
on the news someday.
No I think they said just to be at least 25 minutes. Um but that there is no maximum at all. Um and
I think
we just exit out of the window whenever we want to.
thank
you.
Thank you. You too. Bye
bye.