SPEAKER_L: test tests. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, show up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm No, I'm good. Thank you stopped reading. I guess complicated please. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay sinks. It's the thing you though. Mhm I did. Mhm No. Mhm. What? Okay. Right. Uh So I will you call later? Yeah, I love you. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: hurry.
SPEAKER_R: I tried doing this before and it's a jerk.
SPEAKER_L: there we go. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: person ever showed up last time. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. You know, I had a I had a buddy that uh I'm I'm overly punctual so like, who's like working on stuff? Uh huh. All right, now I'm a body that does these two. And he was like, oh yeah, you know somebody, they showed up like five minutes late and then there Camera didn't work or their, you know, their audio didn't work
SPEAKER_R: Well, okay.
SPEAKER_L: and I don't even know what they were like. Like he was like he said. So he talked for 25 minutes. I'm like, oh, that sounds awful.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah. No, I wouldn't accept last time and nobody ever showed. So I was like, can I do it again? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. So
SPEAKER_R: Different.
SPEAKER_L: do you do a lot of these, like
SPEAKER_R: No, but there's some ever done for the new location.
SPEAKER_L: you know what I mean? Like prolific studies, like?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some politic curriculum. So I think it's a really good site, like the police, not an extra money. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: You know, it's like, I don't know, it's like my coffee money, it's like
SPEAKER_R: wow, frankly. Yeah. Yeah, surprisingly decent. Um It's really the only like survey site I do these days since I do have like a regular full time job. But
SPEAKER_L: yeah, same here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I used to do like enter and stuff like that a long time ago. But
SPEAKER_L: What was it?
SPEAKER_R: I used to, you know, amazon mechanical turk.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, yes, yes. Uh everybody that did that, I didn't like that just seemed awful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did it a really long time ago and I tried going back to recently and it just didn't seem worth it anymore. That's a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's just uh it's like that's the one where you have to like um like look for like, like it would be like get the numbers of 50 bars in New York or something like that. Is that the one?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It's just like random stuff whatever people need, but they use it and pay very much. It's just like pennies.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Okay, that's it. Yeah, everybody that does that. It's like, it seems like all or nothing to where it's like, you know, well I needed, you know, the phone numbers for these bars or whatever and this one doesn't have a phone number and then like, what are you gonna do? Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know if you know what I get paid to it. There's like you click on an offer something you like fill out a survey. I used to do a lot of those too long time ago.
SPEAKER_L: mm, okay. Yeah, that's what I I prolific I usually do, like um I work at a college, so my office hours and stuff like might as well, that's the time. I'm not I'm not doing anything else, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I'm an administrative assistant so I can well right now I'm working from home thankfully. But yeah, just do whatever,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, same here, man, okay, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Where it's like finally I'm like, you know, all right, again, it's coffee money and um yeah, and this one I'm like for a big time, this is that's lunch buddy, wow, look at this.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sort of like what they're gonna do with those were not warning you and oh okay. I think it works one once on a mechanical turk for like you had to call on the phone and they were voicing your just answering questions and imagine are founded by accident on Youtube. I was like, oh my God, that's me.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: I felt young and naive.
SPEAKER_L: so, so if you have any state secrets, don't say them here.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: Um don't say anything potential. Have you ever killed anybody? Or uh if there's a crime that's that's still under the statute of limitations, don't uh uh reveal it to me, please.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to tell all. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: that's funny. No. How did you find on Youtube, like? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I just randomly happened to stumble across like a video of it and I got a little upset. It was like trying to contact Youtube and I was like, you need to like somebody's going to recognize the horse looks like in reality, probably pretty much nobody's ever going to see it. And they,
SPEAKER_L: it was it was just your voice though.
SPEAKER_R: this is my boys like, you know, it's just me too. Ok. Yeah. Just whatever you said on the phone basically ended up on Youtube. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I guess that's not so bad.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You feel horrified because you like people are going to recognize me, but
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: we're going to
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I feel like I don't think anyone is looking for it, number one, but I don't know. I like for me, I feel like I have a really recognizable voice. Like I could never make a prank phone call. Like like I could never like pretend to be somebody else would be like, is this tom Yeah, like like no, like I can't like I don't know. So I think people, people would get me like right away. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So I guess we're supposed to do this for like 25 minutes. A long time.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Yeah. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's still about eight.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I assume that it's some kind of like social study or like I can't imagine watching this
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: for 25 minutes. That's the that's that's you know, like, like you gotta look for like one key thing. Like I was uh I was a researcher for penn State for a while. And yeah, I had to do this study, you know, I couldn't even at this point I couldn't even tell you what it was trying to measure in any way, shape or form. But I had to go to a grade school. Like the kids were little. I don't like old and maybe there were like 10, 11, 12 somewhere in there. Like they were they were little though, so maybe not 12. And like I got the roster their names and I just for the entire I I had to stop watch. It was so bizarre and a stopwatch and I had to watch like a specific child for 10 seconds at a time. So I'd go like Billy to Susie, Steve to whoever, you know. And then in that Like 10 seconds, I don't even think it's 10 seconds. It may have been five seconds in that five second interval. Like mark down their behavior. So if they like it was, oh gosh. I think if it was if they participated, if they we're doing something off task or if they were like, like they also like there's something I never like if it was like if like, you know, I can't like, like was doing something really bad like, you know, they challenge you to a fight or something or not me to a fight but like some other kid or something like that. Like I'm calling you out for a fight. Like that's what I'm like. I don't remember what it was. I remember like telling me, but It was probably 10 years ago and I was like, all
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: right, whatever. And they are they are they they they got the region's wrong. And so they hired me to drive like two hours every day. It was like, it was such a mess. But you got, you got paid gas plus time in the car, so whatever. I don't care.
SPEAKER_R: No. Any other interesting problems you've had,
SPEAKER_L: interesting jobs. Um, I was, I was the doorman, um, at a punker all ages, punk rock club. Uh, so that I did that for five years maybe. Um, That was fun. Um, you know, I kind of ran everything. Um, yeah, like I'm a professor at a community college now. And so like there was a time when like the club closed and it just happened like I was doing that in college and grad school and everything. And so there was like an overlap of time and people were like, you were the dorm. Like, you, you know, like I'm like, yeah, like,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: oh, is this what you're doing now? I'm
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, this is my fallback career. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what, which do you know like the, the professor better or do you like the humor?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes. It's a it's more stable
SPEAKER_R: Great. Exactly. Yeah. Especially
SPEAKER_L: words. Uh you know, I don't know. I probably would still do it even if, you know, it
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: night, you know, I didn't really, What administrative assistant stuff
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: do you do
SPEAKER_R: doing now. It's for a big company. Um
SPEAKER_L: a Vape company?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I mainly deal with like a lot of customer support tickets interesting that especially like with everything going on right now, I'll get people emailing me all the time. But I like where is my word? But like two days of like you realize we're not amazon. Well, yeah, so I don't know, just 20 billion people. Um It's my first time having to deal with people just like on an email platform. Like I worked retail before and stuff like that. Yeah. But yeah, like it's very chill. Like I'm one of the oldest ones, like our COO is only 22. Yeah. He started a company when he was like 17. Yeah, a lot of youngers. So it's kind of funny like my bosses
SPEAKER_L: We started a Vape company before he could legally Vape.
SPEAKER_R: I know right. And you have to be like 21 now. They actually just raised that they
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's right. You know, that was like completely unceremonious. Like, like I remember like, like I'm like, well not like it was like a federal law has passed. And I just remember thinking like, oh, so it's going to go into effect and like 2050, like, like, like usually those things like they take forever, like they like, oh, you know, we're mhm. You know, in five years it's going to do that. Or in 10 years or 20 years or whatever, it was immediately, it was like overnight. It was crazy. It
SPEAKER_R: Because like you know some customers about were like 18, 19, you know before the law passed. And now technically like we're not supposed to send them stuff. Like I actually had one bomb email me. She's like my underage son, he's 19. I saw his bank account and I'm just like thinking okay like first of all use an adult. Like I get it. Yeah. I'm not going to like send him stuff. But Yeah, come on mom. He's 19. You know, he's an adult. What are you doing? He's not like like 13 or something. Yeah. And now everybody's worried. I don't know if you've heard of like the PM to is like apparently all baby has to apply for like really expensive approval from the FDA and you know what kind of work? Sure baby, that was actually supposed to be made 12 so tomorrow that was supposed to do by, but now that we're setting it by four months, really worried about that I think are big thing is actually in Korea so probably be okay regardless. But that could actually end bathing FDA just requiring like really expensive approval for every
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: product. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like, but I don't, I don't, you know, I don't vapor anything but like, oh, there's like, I was like, you know, there's always like kind of like weird homegrown couples like, like yours, Like I was like, well why isn't like Philip Morris just said like, all right there it is like, you know, I don't know, like I was kind of always expecting that, but it just never happened. I don't know. I guess it was the FDA thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I'm just like, they're trying to like fan flavors and stuff. A lot of states, like I think new york just have a flavor band so we won't be able to sell them anymore just because they're worried about Children. The
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: second,
SPEAKER_L: men thal technically a flavor
SPEAKER_R: what's that mean? Sleepover?
SPEAKER_L: is men, thal technically a flavor,
SPEAKER_R: They're kind of debating or like go back and forth between that one. Like the only flavors are allowed or tobacco basically and yeah, I know. But
SPEAKER_L: Like what's the clove cigarettes are? They haven't even, not like, I'm not like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't have a very small amount of things that would actually be allowed.
SPEAKER_L: from,
SPEAKER_R: Me so cold. Well, the indian flavors, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure
SPEAKER_R: Quick.
SPEAKER_L: the corner store by me will still what whatever it is.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, exactly. Yeah. In states, like we're not even allowed to ship to, so they have, they have their own marking walls, Arkansas, you know, all of you all on scales, Tower consol for some of them. But they
SPEAKER_L: Elkington,
SPEAKER_R: can still, yeah, they can still go in the shop and buy it, but we can't send it to them if they ordered online. We're in Arkansas stores. No. Mm
SPEAKER_L: you think Arkansas? Arkansas? Like places like Arkansas? Usually like, you know the Wild West, like you can do whatever you want. Like you can't, you can't solve apes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I don't think either. So it's really kind of like an education on, you know what it's all about. Yeah, I'll get questions and email that are like, this went wrong with my baby. Why? I'll be like, I don't know, like ask, I don't know like ask the owner doesn't know sometimes if they ask very specific questions. Mm Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh. What are you before that?
SPEAKER_R: Before that, this was actually, well immediately before that I was kind of working for a time share company because
SPEAKER_L: Oh good. You're in all your, in all the companies that people
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: love?
SPEAKER_R: um, yeah, so thankfully I got this job because I wouldn't have a job right now, you know, until everything going
SPEAKER_L: timeshares.
SPEAKER_R: on. But I was pretty sure I'm gonna get fired from that job because they are very uh, very strict like guidelines, You have a neat of like, it's called tours where you're like, I was the person who is just like walking around the casinos trying to get people to go to the booth basically and sign up to go toward the property and you had to
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: favorite.
SPEAKER_R: 40 people a month to go do that. Which is like basically to a day and not everybody always showed up. So I was like, yeah. And they fire you after. Like if you don't, it was like three months in a row of not meeting your targets. I was like, I'm gonna get fired from this job. Like I was only there for like two months and thankfully found this other job. Yeah. It was interesting.
SPEAKER_L: That's timeshare is just like, I forget, you know, like you ever hear like the commercial, it's like, you know, we can get you out of your timeshare, kind of um you know what I mean? I was like, wow. So there's like, you know some guy who's like going to scam
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: you out of your money to get you out of the people that scammed you out of your money to get this timeshare, wow, that's great.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I felt a little weird about it at first. Like I was really shine with people as well as I started and probably all over. Yeah. I don't know. It's kind of weird. I mean, they did good, good stuff. If they went to the presentation, like they get some decent like tickets to shows and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But is it like, is it like ultimately like, so okay if you go through with it, like, if you get tickets to shows and something like, and then is it like the pressure, like, oh hey, you know, I I, you know, hey, we sent you here, why don't you get this timeshare? Like, is that the, like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, they're very pressuring when I've never, they should let us go the presentation. So we know exactly. I just toured the property so I kind of know what they look like. But I was on that like the US as the quote unquote reader's, we're not really allowed to know. Like the process is I just heard they're very pressuring and it's very expensive to and basically you can't get out of it. Like that's why people trying to get rid of them. So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: looks
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But it can pay like very well if you're good at your job, like the person who trained me, she's like, hey, I make like over $100,000 a year doing this. And it's like for all you do every day because you keep constantly you're like, hi how are you? Like that's your job. You're getting six figures if you're good at it. So like that's kind of impressive but not for me.
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't think I could, no. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: You know, just so mind numbing to just like, oh I'm sorry doing all that standing up for you know, seven hours and
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Yeah, that's not for me now. Oh, so there's like, like casinos, like you did it and stuff, like,
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: was it like, so how many people was it, you just have to get them to sign up? Not necessarily show up or
SPEAKER_R: We have to go to the presentation. So yeah, just like Santa Singapore approach. It was only couples to very specific like things we have to look for basically married couples. They have to make like over 60,000 together. They have only meeting from US or Canada. Uh So yeah, I would just be like hey and like kind of like you know brag them over to the booth and then it was the other person whose job to get them to actually like they will give them like okay Tuesday at 12 you're going to go have lunch and tour our property and the whole thing like taste like four hours. So as long as they did that then that counted for me. Yeah. The
SPEAKER_L: remember
SPEAKER_R: best.
SPEAKER_L: that? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It was like six in a week and then like two of them show off.
SPEAKER_L: a long time ago. I don't I don't know, I it's kind of presented to me as a job, like I saw that it was like a like after five minutes, I'm like, oh no, this is a pyramid scheme, it was like, you know, wasn't selling knives, but close enough. And remember I uh in the presentation, I kind of, I went, I I like pulled out my phone, I went, and then I I ran into the room and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was also like before I got that job was going to interview and I went to one and they're like oh you're selling insurance or something, but we don't actually pay you, you only get paid on commission and you have to like all these really expensive training materials and I'm like, nope, yeah, just a second and let's see other things I've done, I used to get paid to review board games, so that was fun, it didn't pay off
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: and send me board games and play it and you know the great reviews about long time ago I used to uh taxi around like this woman's like seven kids, so I was like the original Uber or just take them to their school, pick them up, take them to their soccer and stuff. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: just one, like, one, there was like a one thing, oh, wow,
SPEAKER_R: She had seven kids and plus I was still in high school then, so I'll do it like after school.
SPEAKER_L: well, that's good, like that, wow, those are my those are my big jobs, I don't know. That's uh uh I don't know, I think I I think I've got the college for a while now, I don't know, I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yes,
SPEAKER_L: Was that?
SPEAKER_R: sounds like a good
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's a great gig, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: beauties.
SPEAKER_L: public speaking. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And so when is your, your college, just clothes from last year now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, this is uh grades are due, I think on monday I'll try to get them in by friday, so I don't have to worry about it. Um kind of at this point it's like because I teach public speaking, so that's kind of a hard thing to do online. So uh really we I just uh and a lot of my classes like group work, so um uh I don't know, so I did my best to move everything online and then one last speech. And really at this point it's, you know, if you handed something in that looks like a speech to me, uh you'll you'll get at least a b, you know,
SPEAKER_R: it sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like, you know, I had such varying degrees of technology to with people, like it was just like,
SPEAKER_R: I heard like putting the news I like, so like a lot of kids are still, I'm accounted for like they just never even showed up burger. What?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's it. Yeah, I mean, you know, and I'm at a community college, so, you know, like I have I am, you know, there's people in rural areas that probably don't have really great internet and like I have a lot of like at varying ages, like I, you know, so that people kids people you know, so so I can't assume like okay everybody could meet here at 7:00 Going forward. Like in the summer everything's online or at least partially. Um So at least then I can say okay like we're meeting Tuesday night at seven, you signed up for Tuesday night at seven, you know like you know you have your internet ready, you have you know you know what you're signing up for, so then that would be a lot easier to
SPEAKER_R: Okay, but you do have a summer then normally.
SPEAKER_L: um Yeah usually it's uh it's not required but it's just you know, it's extra cash so you know, Yeah it's not like uh it's overload so um pro rated to like your salary. So it's worth it. I usually do The 2nd part of summer so Right after four July.
SPEAKER_R: I need to take a little break and Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I think this is starting up probably in june so late bag. I don't know off the look. Um because I don't know. I feel like I'm on like a uh huh. I feel
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like I've been like doing nothing. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we'll see if we look back to the room by september you think they're probably a little bit, but you never know when this whole thing really surprised me. I didn't think that it was going to get this bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. Nobody did.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought I was just gonna say china first came out, I don't even like booked a trip to go to Scotland in august
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the tattoo. And then I was like Kenny marston. I got canceled. So now, yeah, we're gonna give me my money to go to some other trip when ever travels available again, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. My mom has a, has a trip to England scheduled in september. She's like, do you think? I'm like, there's no way you're going in september. It's like, really? I'm like, yeah, maybe next september,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, who knows? Yeah. Our accountant kid, uh, message me, you slack to like communicate on Friday. She's like, no, I messaged her boss, like we'll see if we can come to work on Monday. And I'm like thinking why? Just because they were starting to interface one in our state, but still, it's like everything's great. It's not necessary for us to be worked. Like I can do all my work online. So like why would I do the necessary, this is a really big commute for me too. It's like 45 miles round trip and 90 minutes. I'm not anxious to go on the actual meet again. So like, like I can convince them to just let me stay up a little bit more like I feel like it's gonna service really what I call the commute like and I don't have
SPEAKER_L: no mike mike county isn't out of any kind of quarantine, but you know, I'm, you know what, I think people are starting to like, now we're done, like we'll take the risk. Well,
SPEAKER_R: so many states opening back up but like it seems I've been tracking like how many new cases and deaths every day. And it's pretty much like always 30,000 new cases in like 2000 deaths every day. Like we're all really slowing down. So I'm surprised like states are just like we need to open, people are going to start to riot and you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that's, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, it's like, yeah, we're like, yeah, it's like keeps going down, but like, you know, peaks
SPEAKER_R: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: and valleys, But like, I don't know. Just my dad's in south Carolina and he's like, well the beaches are open, some restaurants are opening. I'm like, come on.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. We finally got some restaurants that are allowed to open now. That's like the one side get all fun. Is
SPEAKER_L: that's great.
SPEAKER_R: that like that? You can go do everything else
SPEAKER_L: I uh, I don't know. I just need someplace to eat. Like, like that's like my life, but
SPEAKER_R: It is,
SPEAKER_L: if it's outside, I don't, I don't, I don't care.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I don't know. I I don't think it's worth of this to like go to restaurants right now. Just get door dash or something. Like I'm on all right. I feel like a lot of people did with Mother's Savings and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I got take out for Mother's Day. My mom, um, yeah, some people and early on that was the other thing, I think early on, people were like really good with like, they are, but I know we're not ordering out. We're, you know, we're making food at home. And I was like, I'm just getting take out.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like at risk it, I've had it like back in the beginning of February because I woke up one day and like my back really hurt and then I had a fever for like a week, like 103. Yeah. Well, I might have already had it. I don't know. But and then it just went
SPEAKER_L: My, my, my best friend he had, and was it february or March? I'm trying to think because we had a meeting and he couldn't make it. I think it may have been March. No, no, no february. It was he had he and his son had Pinkeye and his son had like, like, I mean like it sounds like baby, like year old, like, like fever. That was like, I'm like, that doesn't even sound right. Like that doesn't even like, that doesn't sound healthy like ever. And so yeah, he, his dad and the sun and pink eye apparently was like an early thank you. So I'm like, okay, so clearly I was exposed to this. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Weird symptoms. Yeah, fingers pretty much in the back part of the one thing I got chills like one way too. But I didn't have any coughing or sneezing or anything like that, so I was just joking. I corona, but maybe I did. Who knows? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was I was I was I was in new york too. Like, uh huh. Late february. Like really late february. Last week of february. I went to a party, so I went to a party at a bar with people that flew in from all over. So I'm like, yeah, who knows?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean, yeah, it's definitely possible because they say a lot of people mentioned in the symptoms.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm healthy. So you know where, you know, I usually don't catch anything, so who knows? Mhm. How long have we been on our
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I think they're pretty close to 758, so at least it is for me, I don't care about the same thing I am.
SPEAKER_L: what's that?
SPEAKER_R: Are you on the west coast to or?
SPEAKER_L: No, East Coast.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I'm on the west coast. Yeah, I just feel like one more minute. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My mom, Yeah, I'm like uh in Pennsylvania, like 90 miles from um but not yeah, two hours from New York to ours in Philly
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I was born in Pennsylvania, so I lived there till I was nine.
SPEAKER_L: nowhere.
SPEAKER_R: Um like just tiny little talent headers. It's like a blow down the Harrisburg. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Like North 6th granted.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, just like tiny old towns, Middletown hers and
SPEAKER_L: No. Okay. Anyway, I'm from like Scranton, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, all the best keyboard from pennsylvania. So like I need a lot of people out there who are no.
SPEAKER_L: this is true.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm in las Vegas, I don't know if you can tell because of a casino thing, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I didn't even yeah, because we have casinos now too, so
SPEAKER_R: Great. Yeah, I've been here for about five years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Well, of that, like, let's be dead there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's quite different weather change, although it did snow really bad last year and I was like what the heck I came here so it doesn't snow. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well well it was really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking you to hopefully this won't be used for anything weird and
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Are you two or something?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. All right, well that's talking to be safe.