test tests. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, show up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm No, I'm good. Thank you stopped reading. I guess complicated please. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay sinks. It's the thing you though. Mhm I did. Mhm No. Mhm. What? Okay. Right. Uh So I will you call later? Yeah, I love you. Right.
Hello,
hurry.
there we go. Uh huh
Oh yeah. You know, I had a I had a buddy that uh I'm I'm overly punctual so like, who's like working on stuff? Uh huh. All right, now I'm a body that does these two. And he was like, oh yeah, you know somebody, they showed up like five minutes late and then there Camera didn't work or their, you know, their audio didn't work
and I don't even know what they were like. Like he was like he said. So he talked for 25 minutes. I'm like, oh, that sounds awful.
that's good. So
do you do a lot of these, like
you know what I mean? Like prolific studies, like?
You know, it's like, I don't know, it's like my coffee money, it's like
yeah, same here. Yeah.
What was it?
Oh yes, yes, yes. Uh everybody that did that, I didn't like that just seemed awful.
Yeah, that's just uh it's like that's the one where you have to like um like look for like, like it would be like get the numbers of 50 bars in New York or something like that. Is that the one?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Okay, that's it. Yeah, everybody that does that. It's like, it seems like all or nothing to where it's like, you know, well I needed, you know, the phone numbers for these bars or whatever and this one doesn't have a phone number and then like, what are you gonna do? Oh,
mm, okay. Yeah, that's what I I prolific I usually do, like um I work at a college, so my office hours and stuff like might as well, that's the time. I'm not I'm not doing anything else, so
yeah, same here, man, okay, yeah.
Where it's like finally I'm like, you know, all right, again, it's coffee money and um yeah, and this one I'm like for a big time, this is that's lunch buddy, wow, look at this.
Oh my gosh,
so, so if you have any state secrets, don't say them here.
Um don't say anything potential. Have you ever killed anybody? Or uh if there's a crime that's that's still under the statute of limitations, don't uh uh reveal it to me, please.
that's funny. No. How did you find on Youtube, like? Mhm.
it was it was just your voice though.
I guess that's not so bad.
No,
I don't know. I feel like I don't think anyone is looking for it, number one, but I don't know. I like for me, I feel like I have a really recognizable voice. Like I could never make a prank phone call. Like like I could never like pretend to be somebody else would be like, is this tom Yeah, like like no, like I can't like I don't know. So I think people, people would get me like right away. Uh huh.
Sure. Yeah. All right.
Yeah. I assume that it's some kind of like social study or like I can't imagine watching this
for 25 minutes. That's the that's that's you know, like, like you gotta look for like one key thing. Like I was uh I was a researcher for penn State for a while. And yeah, I had to do this study, you know, I couldn't even at this point I couldn't even tell you what it was trying to measure in any way, shape or form. But I had to go to a grade school. Like the kids were little. I don't like old and maybe there were like 10, 11, 12 somewhere in there. Like they were they were little though, so maybe not 12. And like I got the roster their names and I just for the entire I I had to stop watch. It was so bizarre and a stopwatch and I had to watch like a specific child for 10 seconds at a time. So I'd go like Billy to Susie, Steve to whoever, you know. And then in that Like 10 seconds, I don't even think it's 10 seconds. It may have been five seconds in that five second interval. Like mark down their behavior. So if they like it was, oh gosh. I think if it was if they participated, if they we're doing something off task or if they were like, like they also like there's something I never like if it was like if like, you know, I can't like, like was doing something really bad like, you know, they challenge you to a fight or something or not me to a fight but like some other kid or something like that. Like I'm calling you out for a fight. Like that's what I'm like. I don't remember what it was. I remember like telling me, but It was probably 10 years ago and I was like, all
right, whatever. And they are they are they they they got the region's wrong. And so they hired me to drive like two hours every day. It was like, it was such a mess. But you got, you got paid gas plus time in the car, so whatever. I don't care.
interesting jobs. Um, I was, I was the doorman, um, at a punker all ages, punk rock club. Uh, so that I did that for five years maybe. Um, That was fun. Um, you know, I kind of ran everything. Um, yeah, like I'm a professor at a community college now. And so like there was a time when like the club closed and it just happened like I was doing that in college and grad school and everything. And so there was like an overlap of time and people were like, you were the dorm. Like, you, you know, like I'm like, yeah, like,
oh, is this what you're doing now? I'm
like, yeah, this is my fallback career. Yeah.
Yes, yes. It's a it's more stable
words. Uh you know, I don't know. I probably would still do it even if, you know, it
night, you know, I didn't really, What administrative assistant stuff
do you do
a Vape company?
We started a Vape company before he could legally Vape.
yeah, that's right. You know, that was like completely unceremonious. Like, like I remember like, like I'm like, well not like it was like a federal law has passed. And I just remember thinking like, oh, so it's going to go into effect and like 2050, like, like, like usually those things like they take forever, like they like, oh, you know, we're mhm. You know, in five years it's going to do that. Or in 10 years or 20 years or whatever, it was immediately, it was like overnight. It was crazy. It
Well,
huh
you know, like, but I don't, I don't, you know, I don't vapor anything but like, oh, there's like, I was like, you know, there's always like kind of like weird homegrown couples like, like yours, Like I was like, well why isn't like Philip Morris just said like, all right there it is like, you know, I don't know, like I was kind of always expecting that, but it just never happened. I don't know. I guess it was the FDA thing.
two
men thal technically a flavor
is men, thal technically a flavor,
Like what's the clove cigarettes are? They haven't even, not like, I'm not like
from,
I'm pretty sure
the corner store by me will still what whatever it is.
Elkington,
you think Arkansas? Arkansas? Like places like Arkansas? Usually like, you know the Wild West, like you can do whatever you want. Like you can't, you can't solve apes.
uh huh. What are you before that?
Oh good. You're in all your, in all the companies that people
love?
timeshares.
my
favorite.
That's timeshare is just like, I forget, you know, like you ever hear like the commercial, it's like, you know, we can get you out of your timeshare, kind of um you know what I mean? I was like, wow. So there's like, you know some guy who's like going to scam
you out of your money to get you out of the people that scammed you out of your money to get this timeshare, wow, that's great.
Yeah. But is it like, is it like ultimately like, so okay if you go through with it, like, if you get tickets to shows and something like, and then is it like the pressure, like, oh hey, you know, I I, you know, hey, we sent you here, why don't you get this timeshare? Like, is that the, like,
looks
No, I don't think I could, no. Uh huh
No, no. Yeah, that's not for me now. Oh, so there's like, like casinos, like you did it and stuff, like,
was it like, so how many people was it, you just have to get them to sign up? Not necessarily show up or
remember
that? Yeah,
a long time ago. I don't I don't know, I it's kind of presented to me as a job, like I saw that it was like a like after five minutes, I'm like, oh no, this is a pyramid scheme, it was like, you know, wasn't selling knives, but close enough. And remember I uh in the presentation, I kind of, I went, I I like pulled out my phone, I went, and then I I ran into the room and
well,
just one, like, one, there was like a one thing, oh, wow,
well, that's good, like that, wow, those are my those are my big jobs, I don't know. That's uh uh I don't know, I think I I think I've got the college for a while now, I don't know, I think. Yeah.
Was that?
Oh, it's a great gig, yeah,
public speaking. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, this is uh grades are due, I think on monday I'll try to get them in by friday, so I don't have to worry about it. Um kind of at this point it's like because I teach public speaking, so that's kind of a hard thing to do online. So uh really we I just uh and a lot of my classes like group work, so um uh I don't know, so I did my best to move everything online and then one last speech. And really at this point it's, you know, if you handed something in that looks like a speech to me, uh you'll you'll get at least a b, you know,
Yeah, like, you know, I had such varying degrees of technology to with people, like it was just like,
yeah, that's it. Yeah, I mean, you know, and I'm at a community college, so, you know, like I have I am, you know, there's people in rural areas that probably don't have really great internet and like I have a lot of like at varying ages, like I, you know, so that people kids people you know, so so I can't assume like okay everybody could meet here at 7:00 Going forward. Like in the summer everything's online or at least partially. Um So at least then I can say okay like we're meeting Tuesday night at seven, you signed up for Tuesday night at seven, you know like you know you have your internet ready, you have you know you know what you're signing up for, so then that would be a lot easier to
um Yeah usually it's uh it's not required but it's just you know, it's extra cash so you know, Yeah it's not like uh it's overload so um pro rated to like your salary. So it's worth it. I usually do The 2nd part of summer so Right after four July.
but I think this is starting up probably in june so late bag. I don't know off the look. Um because I don't know. I feel like I'm on like a uh huh. I feel
like I've been like doing nothing. I don't know.
Yeah, I know. Nobody did.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. My mom has a, has a trip to England scheduled in september. She's like, do you think? I'm like, there's no way you're going in september. It's like, really? I'm like, yeah, maybe next september,
no mike mike county isn't out of any kind of quarantine, but you know, I'm, you know what, I think people are starting to like, now we're done, like we'll take the risk. Well,
Yeah, I think that's, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, it's like, yeah, we're like, yeah, it's like keeps going down, but like, you know, peaks
and valleys, But like, I don't know. Just my dad's in south Carolina and he's like, well the beaches are open, some restaurants are opening. I'm like, come on.
that's great.
I uh, I don't know. I just need someplace to eat. Like, like that's like my life, but
if it's outside, I don't, I don't, I don't care.
Yeah. I got take out for Mother's Day. My mom, um, yeah, some people and early on that was the other thing, I think early on, people were like really good with like, they are, but I know we're not ordering out. We're, you know, we're making food at home. And I was like, I'm just getting take out.
My, my, my best friend he had, and was it february or March? I'm trying to think because we had a meeting and he couldn't make it. I think it may have been March. No, no, no february. It was he had he and his son had Pinkeye and his son had like, like, I mean like it sounds like baby, like year old, like, like fever. That was like, I'm like, that doesn't even sound right. Like that doesn't even like, that doesn't sound healthy like ever. And so yeah, he, his dad and the sun and pink eye apparently was like an early thank you. So I'm like, okay, so clearly I was exposed to this. Uh huh.
I was I was I was I was in new york too. Like, uh huh. Late february. Like really late february. Last week of february. I went to a party, so I went to a party at a bar with people that flew in from all over. So I'm like, yeah, who knows?
Yeah, I'm healthy. So you know where, you know, I usually don't catch anything, so who knows? Mhm. How long have we been on our
what's that?
No, East Coast.
My mom, Yeah, I'm like uh in Pennsylvania, like 90 miles from um but not yeah, two hours from New York to ours in Philly
nowhere.
Like North 6th granted.
No. Okay. Anyway, I'm from like Scranton, so
this is true.
yeah, I didn't even yeah, because we have casinos now too, so
that's cool. Well, of that, like, let's be dead there.
Mhm.
Nice talking you to hopefully this won't be used for anything weird and
Yeah. All right. All right, well that's talking to be safe.