Uh huh.
Hi, how are you?
I tried doing this before and it's a jerk.
person ever showed up last time. So
Well, okay.
No. Yeah. No, I wouldn't accept last time and nobody ever showed. So I was like, can I do it again? Yeah.
Different.
No, but there's some ever done for the new location.
Yeah. Some politic curriculum. So I think it's a really good site, like the police, not an extra money. So yeah,
wow, frankly. Yeah. Yeah, surprisingly decent. Um It's really the only like survey site I do these days since I do have like a regular full time job. But
I used to do like enter and stuff like that a long time ago. But
I used to, you know, amazon mechanical turk.
Yeah, I did it a really long time ago and I tried going back to recently and it just didn't seem worth it anymore. That's a
I don't know. It's just like random stuff whatever people need, but they use it and pay very much. It's just like pennies.
Yeah. I don't know if you know what I get paid to it. There's like you click on an offer something you like fill out a survey. I used to do a lot of those too long time ago.
Yeah, yeah, I'm an administrative assistant so I can well right now I'm working from home thankfully. But yeah, just do whatever,
Mhm.
I'm sort of like what they're gonna do with those were not warning you and oh okay. I think it works one once on a mechanical turk for like you had to call on the phone and they were voicing your just answering questions and imagine are founded by accident on Youtube. I was like, oh my God, that's me.
I felt young and naive.
Great.
I'm sorry to tell all. Yes.
I just randomly happened to stumble across like a video of it and I got a little upset. It was like trying to contact Youtube and I was like, you need to like somebody's going to recognize the horse looks like in reality, probably pretty much nobody's ever going to see it. And they,
this is my boys like, you know, it's just me too. Ok. Yeah. Just whatever you said on the phone basically ended up on Youtube. So yeah.
Okay. You feel horrified because you like people are going to recognize me, but
we're going to
So I guess we're supposed to do this for like 25 minutes. A long time.
Yeah. It's still about eight.
I know.
What?
No. Any other interesting problems you've had,
Thanks.
What,
what, which do you know like the, the professor better or do you like the humor?
Great. Exactly. Yeah. Especially
I know.
I'm
doing now. It's for a big company. Um
Yeah, so I mainly deal with like a lot of customer support tickets interesting that especially like with everything going on right now, I'll get people emailing me all the time. But I like where is my word? But like two days of like you realize we're not amazon. Well, yeah, so I don't know, just 20 billion people. Um It's my first time having to deal with people just like on an email platform. Like I worked retail before and stuff like that. Yeah. But yeah, like it's very chill. Like I'm one of the oldest ones, like our COO is only 22. Yeah. He started a company when he was like 17. Yeah, a lot of youngers. So it's kind of funny like my bosses
I know right. And you have to be like 21 now. They actually just raised that they
Because like you know some customers about were like 18, 19, you know before the law passed. And now technically like we're not supposed to send them stuff. Like I actually had one bomb email me. She's like my underage son, he's 19. I saw his bank account and I'm just like thinking okay like first of all use an adult. Like I get it. Yeah. I'm not going to like send him stuff. But Yeah, come on mom. He's 19. You know, he's an adult. What are you doing? He's not like like 13 or something. Yeah. And now everybody's worried. I don't know if you've heard of like the PM to is like apparently all baby has to apply for like really expensive approval from the FDA and you know what kind of work? Sure baby, that was actually supposed to be made 12 so tomorrow that was supposed to do by, but now that we're setting it by four months, really worried about that I think are big thing is actually in Korea so probably be okay regardless. But that could actually end bathing FDA just requiring like really expensive approval for every
product. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. I'm just like, they're trying to like fan flavors and stuff. A lot of states, like I think new york just have a flavor band so we won't be able to sell them anymore just because they're worried about Children. The
second,
what's that mean? Sleepover?
They're kind of debating or like go back and forth between that one. Like the only flavors are allowed or tobacco basically and yeah, I know. But
Yeah. I don't have a very small amount of things that would actually be allowed.
Me so cold. Well, the indian flavors, Yeah.
Quick.
Oh, exactly. Yeah. In states, like we're not even allowed to ship to, so they have, they have their own marking walls, Arkansas, you know, all of you all on scales, Tower consol for some of them. But they
can still, yeah, they can still go in the shop and buy it, but we can't send it to them if they ordered online. We're in Arkansas stores. No. Mm
Yeah. So I don't think either. So it's really kind of like an education on, you know what it's all about. Yeah, I'll get questions and email that are like, this went wrong with my baby. Why? I'll be like, I don't know, like ask, I don't know like ask the owner doesn't know sometimes if they ask very specific questions. Mm Yeah.
Before that, this was actually, well immediately before that I was kind of working for a time share company because
it's
um, yeah, so thankfully I got this job because I wouldn't have a job right now, you know, until everything going
on. But I was pretty sure I'm gonna get fired from that job because they are very uh, very strict like guidelines, You have a neat of like, it's called tours where you're like, I was the person who is just like walking around the casinos trying to get people to go to the booth basically and sign up to go toward the property and you had to
get
40 people a month to go do that. Which is like basically to a day and not everybody always showed up. So I was like, yeah. And they fire you after. Like if you don't, it was like three months in a row of not meeting your targets. I was like, I'm gonna get fired from this job. Like I was only there for like two months and thankfully found this other job. Yeah. It was interesting.
Well,
Oh yeah. I felt a little weird about it at first. Like I was really shine with people as well as I started and probably all over. Yeah. I don't know. It's kind of weird. I mean, they did good, good stuff. If they went to the presentation, like they get some decent like tickets to shows and everything.
Yeah. Well, they're very pressuring when I've never, they should let us go the presentation. So we know exactly. I just toured the property so I kind of know what they look like. But I was on that like the US as the quote unquote reader's, we're not really allowed to know. Like the process is I just heard they're very pressuring and it's very expensive to and basically you can't get out of it. Like that's why people trying to get rid of them. So. Uh huh.
Okay. But it can pay like very well if you're good at your job, like the person who trained me, she's like, hey, I make like over $100,000 a year doing this. And it's like for all you do every day because you keep constantly you're like, hi how are you? Like that's your job. You're getting six figures if you're good at it. So like that's kind of impressive but not for me.
You know, just so mind numbing to just like, oh I'm sorry doing all that standing up for you know, seven hours and
one
We have to go to the presentation. So yeah, just like Santa Singapore approach. It was only couples to very specific like things we have to look for basically married couples. They have to make like over 60,000 together. They have only meeting from US or Canada. Uh So yeah, I would just be like hey and like kind of like you know brag them over to the booth and then it was the other person whose job to get them to actually like they will give them like okay Tuesday at 12 you're going to go have lunch and tour our property and the whole thing like taste like four hours. So as long as they did that then that counted for me. Yeah. The
best.
It was like six in a week and then like two of them show off.
Yeah, I was also like before I got that job was going to interview and I went to one and they're like oh you're selling insurance or something, but we don't actually pay you, you only get paid on commission and you have to like all these really expensive training materials and I'm like, nope, yeah, just a second and let's see other things I've done, I used to get paid to review board games, so that was fun, it didn't pay off
and send me board games and play it and you know the great reviews about long time ago I used to uh taxi around like this woman's like seven kids, so I was like the original Uber or just take them to their school, pick them up, take them to their soccer and stuff. Mhm.
She had seven kids and plus I was still in high school then, so I'll do it like after school.
yes,
sounds like a good
beauties.
And so when is your, your college, just clothes from last year now?
it sounds good.
I heard like putting the news I like, so like a lot of kids are still, I'm accounted for like they just never even showed up burger. What?
Okay, but you do have a summer then normally.
I need to take a little break and Yeah.
No.
Yeah, we'll see if we look back to the room by september you think they're probably a little bit, but you never know when this whole thing really surprised me. I didn't think that it was going to get this bad.
Yeah, I thought I was just gonna say china first came out, I don't even like booked a trip to go to Scotland in august
the tattoo. And then I was like Kenny marston. I got canceled. So now, yeah, we're gonna give me my money to go to some other trip when ever travels available again, but
Yeah, who knows? Yeah. Our accountant kid, uh, message me, you slack to like communicate on Friday. She's like, no, I messaged her boss, like we'll see if we can come to work on Monday. And I'm like thinking why? Just because they were starting to interface one in our state, but still, it's like everything's great. It's not necessary for us to be worked. Like I can do all my work online. So like why would I do the necessary, this is a really big commute for me too. It's like 45 miles round trip and 90 minutes. I'm not anxious to go on the actual meet again. So like, like I can convince them to just let me stay up a little bit more like I feel like it's gonna service really what I call the commute like and I don't have
so many states opening back up but like it seems I've been tracking like how many new cases and deaths every day. And it's pretty much like always 30,000 new cases in like 2000 deaths every day. Like we're all really slowing down. So I'm surprised like states are just like we need to open, people are going to start to riot and you know.
Beautiful.
Mhm. Yeah. We finally got some restaurants that are allowed to open now. That's like the one side get all fun. Is
that like that? You can go do everything else
It is,
yeah. I don't know. I I don't think it's worth of this to like go to restaurants right now. Just get door dash or something. Like I'm on all right. I feel like a lot of people did with Mother's Savings and stuff like that.
I feel like at risk it, I've had it like back in the beginning of February because I woke up one day and like my back really hurt and then I had a fever for like a week, like 103. Yeah. Well, I might have already had it. I don't know. But and then it just went
Yeah. Weird symptoms. Yeah, fingers pretty much in the back part of the one thing I got chills like one way too. But I didn't have any coughing or sneezing or anything like that, so I was just joking. I corona, but maybe I did. Who knows? Yeah.
yeah, I mean, yeah, it's definitely possible because they say a lot of people mentioned in the symptoms.
Mhm. I think they're pretty close to 758, so at least it is for me, I don't care about the same thing I am.
Are you on the west coast to or?
Okay. Yeah, I'm on the west coast. Yeah, I just feel like one more minute. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I was born in Pennsylvania, so I lived there till I was nine.
Um like just tiny little talent headers. It's like a blow down the Harrisburg. Yeah,
Yeah, just like tiny old towns, Middletown hers and
Oh yeah, all the best keyboard from pennsylvania. So like I need a lot of people out there who are no.
Yeah, I'm in las Vegas, I don't know if you can tell because of a casino thing, but yeah.
Great. Yeah, I've been here for about five years. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah it's quite different weather change, although it did snow really bad last year and I was like what the heck I came here so it doesn't snow. Mhm. Yeah.
Well well it was really nice talking to you.
exactly. Are you two or something?