Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You can, you know. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Now that we have this room, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Mhm. Mhm. Look. Oh, somebody help. Yeah. The world. Okay. Cool. No. Mhm. Mm. Uh huh.
Hello. Just waiting on that time to start. We got what? three more minutes.
Can you hear me? I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Yeah,
I can hear you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you hear me now?
I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm good. I'm good. Uh Been dealing with this crisis just like everyone else. It's been crazy,
definitely. I actually live in I live in my apartment by myself and pretty much isolate already before this even happened. So
what what state are you in?
I'm in Kentucky. Yeah. So yeah,
so you're not far away?
How's
the weather? How's the weather today?
What?
But 72? It's like 72° and like cloudy outside right now, So
you need that weather, right? Mhm.
Mhm,
Oh my stars. Yeah, it's crazy. I um I've just been making it with my dog. My dog here helps me with me. I'll show you my girl
talk,
helps me, she helps me so much with day to day. Uh Making it through this quarantine. I love you.
she's a jack russell chihuahua.
Yeah, she is so cute. Yeah.
what do you do for a living?
Well, that sounds like a job. I heard that a lot of the online, a lot of the students that were offline and then they're being made to be online right now, they're having a lot of problems adjusting to that because it's way different environment than me in that classroom with your professor, so
other
than
Yeah.
That's crazy. Here in the state of Kentucky, they they have everything shut down there are starting to slowly open some stuff but but it's like Very slowly like 33% uh like 33% on the restaurants and then mostly people getting outside and instead of eating inside and you know, it's just and then going to the grocery store is an absolute chore and then nothing is there.
It's like you choose between the the stuff that people don't want, the frozen stuff. It seems like the easiest thing to find, it's like frozen burritos or whatever like that. Yeah, those are, those are just simply easy to find uh
any movies or tv shows you're watching.
Yeah I watch hulu netflix, cbs Alexis and then of course Youtube. I watch a lot of stuff on Youtube. Oh my gosh I watched so much on youtube. It's not funny. Mhm.
I watch
a lot of, I watch a lot of people who buy things and sell them like them that that kind of stuff is really cool like to buy storage unit and then they sell them and then they talk about how they sell them and how they package them and it's really cool.
Yeah it's like it's like an amateurish version of storage wars. It's more realistic than storage wars honestly.
I watch garage flips and the name of the Youtube channels, garage flips and the other one is chef lips. He has two channels,
his name's Lonnie and he has two channels that he runs, he has a shed in his backyard that he works out of. And
yeah, it's pretty cool.
The cost. What
what's the? Uh huh.
Well um thought of it but I don't have that much interesting things to say so. Mhm.
I'm not a huge person to like I don't know. I just don't know if I could I don't know if I could handle it. Plus this camera is not good enough for youtube. This cameras this camera is one of those ones. It's just like a stand that you can bend like in whatever direction you need to for that. And I
have to get
the actual proper equipment if I wanted to actually stream. So you play the games.
That will help.
So when you have
what kind of game system you have
P. S. For the USPS now, Lps now is so cool.
Only 9
99 months?
Well, what happened to my camera at first? That was weird. Mhm.
No,
it's my scratch my ear and it and just cut off. I don't know what happened. Um But uh yeah, so I was on PS now on the Pc, I don't have a game system, so I was on the Pc playing PS now, and I was playing all these games from different game systems, like PS two PS three PS four. It was so fun. I was
blast. They have a trial for seven days if you want to ever try.
Yeah, because it's streaming, if you don't have your laptop doesn't have to be like hi graphics or anything, you can just stream it from their service. It's really cool.
I would go out sometimes and spend time with friends and on Sundays I would go to church and then after church I would go to uh out to eat. Which I miss. You know what I really miss the most about after all this quarantine stuff is I miss hugs hugs are so wonderful and I miss them so much. Have a medal to hug my mom. And um everyone I just want to hug him and I can't and it's like I have a pillow my mom animals over at her place that she can hug. But but but hugs you know there's something about those that that I miss so much. Yeah,
I end up calling my mom a lot and talking to her on the phone. She doesn't have a data plan really. Uh
So she can't like actually do the streaming stuff as much. But I do talk to her, she's got unlimited minutes. So I do talk to her a lot.
Cook.
Did you have anybody have you had anybody that has got it yet? In your family or friends?
You
know,
you know the one thing we didn't do is we didn't introduce ourselves. I'm josh.
Hi Erica.
I'm so sorry. I could just talk to people like that all the time though. Just know
completely,
just talk, you know, like no problem.
so my dad actually contracted Covid,
And what was even worse is the place didn't let me know for a week that he had it. So he was at
a nursing home and I was on the list to be notified. Um They didn't they didn't talk, tell me anything. I was so mad. I I saw red. I was so mad. And so I ended up talking to uh talking to the people and they're like, yeah, we're sorry, we didn't let you know. And I was like, I'm like, really? Were you just gonna wait until he's dead? I mean,
Thank
goodness. He's out of quarantine. He's actually always that 77 years old, completely quarantined and fine. Yes.
Travel.
yes. I'm very happy. Uh It was a very touch and go scary for me for a little
bit. But he recovered and that's I'm just, I'm just amazed.
I'm
gonna it just
it just goes to prove to show you that just because someone is older does not mean that they're they're, you know, going to habitat sentence from this. So it's dangerous but it doesn't kill everybody. So it's got such a low percentage and it's crazy. This stuff is just living like this has been crazy,
Yeah. But watching all these Youtubers and all this other stuff helps pass the time, but you can only take so much of that. I mean eventually
you just start to start to just get antsy, you want to go out. So I go walk my dog and talk to my neighbors safely. So yeah,
somewhat just, you know, more acquaintances than friends. Uh huh.
Uh, let's see. Uh, most of my friends live in the city. I'm in law, you know, ever heard of Louisville? You know, you ever heard of Kentucky Derby? That's where this is. We had to cancel the Kentucky very well. They postponed it until like september, but, but it normally is like in May right there.
So yeah, we're where the Kentucky Derby is. And you never heard of Louisville. Slugger bats.
Yeah, we have the bat factory here in Louisville. Well also the founder, the founder of papa john. Our papa john's started in Jeffersonville right across the river. So papa john's is here KFC. Um, but basically young brands long john silver's, I don't know if you've heard any of those,
I've done Silvers is good. Togo.
Yeah, we had to reschedule all of the derby stuff. And then also we, we uh, we have the derby festivals so big. It's not just, it's not just the, it's not just the actual race. We have Thunder over Louisville here in Thunder
Over
Louisville is the largest fireworks show in the nation.
Uh, we have barges that go down the Ohio River and they line up by the bridges and they fire and then they have fireworks, they shoot off of the bridge. Really cool. If you ever ever get a chance, go on youtube and look at Thunder over Louisville. It is, it's really cool. It's synchronized
to music and we normally have about a million in attendance
every time. And uh, somewhere between 8, 700 a million 700,000 and a million people in attendance yearly. And uh, we had to cancel that too. We cancel that. We came
Derby. We canceled the, we have uh steamboats that go down the river once called the belle of Louisville ones, the belle of Cincinnati. And they have race every year. And then they canceled everything. All the sporting, all
the herds, all the um, they had to cancel the N. C. Double A. Tournament with all the basketball players and everything. All that was crazy. Like I'm a huge Louisville cardinals fan. The basketball fan. Oh
do you like basketball? Uh, college basketball?
You're a duke. How are you
do plan in north Carolina
in
the north
eastern
north east south Carolina. North Carolina. Right.
Yeah. How are you? A duke fan in north Carolina?
There
will be
one
blue that
you
wear in north Carolina. Oh,
no,
no, no, I'm Duke blue. I'm Duke Devils. The Blue
I do not watch NBA. No, I
like college.
College football, yep.
What?
Why?
What?
I know how that.
Who's
your razor? Who is your racer?
Jeff? Gordon? And what you from
hiring now? I was a dale Earnhardt Jr fan everybody
I know, wow.
Not really baseball that much. Uh, I like a little golf every now and then. I
like to, I like to see the talent that is in golf. You know, one of my favorite sports to watch is tennis. Tennis
is really fun to watch.
Um, I'm a huge tv fan and movie fan. Uh you ever heard of Doctor Who?
It's a science you like science fiction at all.
So basically it's uh uh the show is about a man who's half man and half time lord. So he travels in a blue phone booth and who phone booth on the outside looks like a blue phone booth. But on the inside it's bigger. It's, it's an actual pocket dimension and it's a spaceship on the inside and so he has companions that he gets from Earth usually and takes them along his trips and then they doing all kinds of stuff. It's really cool show and it's called
Doctor Who.
Uh not too much are you?
But are you arresting man
john cena? It's,
I like him as an actor.
Mm. All I can
Iraq is really good too. Yeah. And
when I did watch wrestling years ago, uh, Iraq and john Cena and Triple H and all that were wrestling. And I uh Gold Bill Goldberg. You know who
Goldberg?
I
um do you want to be friends outside of this at all? Maybe. Okay. I just I didn't know if that was gonna be okay. I mean because actually um I can add you on facebook so that we can be friends when there. Yeah. Um Erica.
All right. And I'm josh Burkhart
Uh huh. Yeah. The U. R. K. H. A. R. T. A lot of people think it has a DNA in a lot of times, but no, it doesn't have a D.
Yeah. Everybody's like is it H. R. D. T. No no no it's just HRT. Mhm. I
like
that. This has provided me an opportunity to meet someone nice like you get
in the chair. Uh huh. Why stop barking? Because there stop it girl. Someone was knocking on my door. Lay down, lay down. Girl lay down right now. Okay.
Yeah she she's very protective. She's sweetheart though.
Yeah she's my emotional emotional support animal. Uh huh. Do you have
what?
She helps me when I'm depressed and upset and stuff. And she um she's really good at it. Really good at her job. She's gonna come up here with me now.
Mhm. Selena is a good girl.
That's actually which one though?
Okay. She's named after Perez. The last
however that is That's
that guy.
and they made a movie of that's uh
I love her to death.
No generally in my neighborhood we uh she has people that she see the little uh friends that she sees but she also has other dogs that she she sees occasionally but she doesn't actually like go out into like dog parks and stuff. There's not really a dog partner by. And then uh, I live and the part of the poorer parts of the city.
Yeah. Properties. And this is the west end is what they call this in detail. The west end in Louisville is the, is the more uh more or less uh poorer parts of the city. Oh yeah. I'm on subsidized income subsidized rent, meaning that the hud helps pay for my um, Pay for my rent and I only pay like $159 a month. I've
got.
But it's
uh, No, that, that actually really helps I
pay child support to, so I have to say son, you know, he lives with his mom. Uh, he's going to be 13 this year. Yeah. So yeah,
no, he just lives on the other side of the city, but that's actually a pretty good distance and so I haven't had a chance to get over there as much as much as I'd like to. Yeah,
it's
still, I mean it's still like It's still within the city limits but it's more like 10 miles away. So in miles away you not only have to, you know, there's no direct way so you have to catch a bus downtown then you know, go out to the, you know, catch that bus and then you've got to catch another bus just to get to him,
Yeah. There's a lot of bus riding around here and right now, especially with this crisis, I'm not going to ride the bus.
Well
did you say?
Did
you set a timer?
Yeah. He had two siblings that he lives with. He had three siblings, one of them died
whatever one of them died at three years old, so um he has two kids, the two of the kids were by another person after I was not with her. And she had three kids in total and then one of them died because of SIDS, so sudden infant death syndrome. Yeah and so she just woke up and found them lifeless and horrible horrible
experience.
And And then she has two girls and the two girls are the two girls live with them, they actually live in a garage,
it's not too bad, I mean it's it's nice, it's got air conditioning, it's got heat and stuff and it's got they can go inside for the plumbing and stuff, they live in a garage next to a house and girls live in the house and they have a bunk bed in there and then my son and uh my ex live in the garage together and um
but it's it's definitely not an ideal situation. Uh wants to get out of there. She has to put her mom every day and her mom's just she's a mean drunk and she's been drinking and stuff it's horrible.
It's I just I feel really bad for and then on the top of that she's gotta have gall bladder surgery.
all
that
her gall bladder has gotten so bad that she can't even eat right now. She's losing weight from not eating. Yeah so yeah she's she's set up an appointment to go in or she's getting ready to set an appointment to go in and get scheduled for the surgery so she's she's looking forward to get enough feeling better. And on top
of that
she has an auto immune disorder they still haven't diagnosed, they given her that she has one but she has to go to a specialist and the specialist is scheduled her only at the september. Yeah
it's crazy.
No.
Yeah we talked to each other all the time.
We're good friends so
never
going to be in a relationship ever again. But we are definitely good friends.
they're having to do all the online schooling with the kids and she has to do it every day with all three kids and then plus she has to do
meetings and stuff like with therapists and psychiatrists and all that online with the zoom or whatever they're gonna use. So she's having to do all that all by herself. And I wish I could help honestly I wish I could be there because I'm tired of seeing you know her doing all this by herself and no one supporting her family doesn't support her. Her
she has like no support system.
My mom, she is doesn't have a car, she can't get around, she's emotionally supportive, but she can't really do much anything. My dad, he's in a nursing home like I was telling you earlier, so he you know, he's there for good, so he's probably never going to move out of there. And my sister, she um she she's into herself, I mean she's she's recovering drug addict,
drug
and alcoholic addict. And so she you know how whenever someone is recovering like that, how that that actually um that they everything becomes about them and it's like all about their leads and no one else's means they don't think about anybody else except for themselves. That's exactly what it's like. And she has a daughter that she neglected all these years and stuff and I you know now now she's homeless and she's living with her uh okay, her boyfriend, and they're living with a family, a friend of our family and it's just, it's just crazy. Yeah, so
I'm glad,
but
you ain't kidding. And the and the bad part is JJ, my niece's uh boyfriend, he actually um has never had supporting his life, never know, his family have ever been supportive, he's never had a loving family, and he's just now getting that with our family. And and it's and that's that's really an actual uh that's a revelation, you know? And actually, you know, he came over here with my niece lily, I call, I call her my lily bug Lily Bug, she's now she's gonna be 20 this year, and she's still my lily bug over when she was this small, less than a day old, she was my little lily bug. Well look, tornadoes, we look tiny fingers. It's so cute. I loved it. I was, I was so enamored. I and she would, um, I would back whenever I, when she was really little, I would rock her, we would fall asleep on the couch together. And what I would do is I would take my, you know how you cross your legs, you cross at the ankles, put a pillow down there by my feet and then I would layer in between my legs and lay her head down and then we would take naps together like that. Well,
So, so it was so awesome. Now she's now she's just like just 20 year old and everything and it's like, Wow, but
her
father was not around. So I was kind of like, I played that role for her because have anybody. So she's, she's not only just my lily, but I also think of her as a, it's kind of like a daughter, I'm
saying her mom, her mom's like I'm like you just need to get over it.
raised by a single mom, my dad was a picture, my dad actually worked as a cab driver and he um he spent most of his time driving and working and spending time with us
and then ever came down to raising me, she had to pawn me off on my sister, so yeah,
what
uh I think partially it has to do with that, but she has a lot of learning problems and stuff. She
has uh lower than normal IQ and I think that plays into a lot of the factor how hard her life is and um but yeah, it's definitely life, you know, things crazy but uh yeah, so
Yes, definitely and
I current everything's safe too so that's good. Yeah.
What's your major?
that's that's
awesome. That's awesome. You're going to be a lawyer.
Mom,
my mom has a B. S. S. W.
Yeah she uh she's got her bachelor's in social work. It's pretty cool. She she got it late in life though after because I was actually a handful of race. I
don't know a lot of behavioral issues back when I was a kid and they're not they're not as president as prevalent as being an adult but I had a lot of control issues and I would act out and stuff and so my mom Did put off going, finishing school while she was raising me and then was a 2014, she went back to school and she graduated with her bachelors, so I'm really proud of her, I was so proud of her, I had a whole beard and everything back then. Long hair.
If you see me on face, there's some photos of me on facebook with a full beard and I looked so I look like a uh was a diabetic jesus or what was that thing? Okay. I was like, I'm so chevy and I still got that big beard and then I got this long hair, I got beautiful hair when I'm not here gets along and uh oh man, it looks so good and my hair is still thick even after all this time. Um my uh you get your hair from your mother's father,
Native american or indian like from India?
It looks prevalent too.
my hair is sticking up a little bit. I got the widow's peak though. I love my way.
nah no mohawk, just just my widow's pig. It's got that little mm only what, what ends up happening is when it gets long, they got two horns that form right here because I got to Catholics right here. It's so funny and then there's like a catholic back here, but that's so it
played out the alpha one year for Halloween because my hair can uh my hair used to stick up more and so I would just put gel in it and I have it up in the air. But yeah,
yes, extremely close on my, on my mom's side. Uh My dad's side, not so not as much. Um a lot of the distance, family members don't want anything to do with the burkhart's. Um
So one end up happening was, is my great grandfather, my grandfather on my my dad's side, married the woman across the Tracks, so grandma. So, so the people in on his side didn't like it,
as long as he was alive, they were around and everything. And then as soon as he died, they abandoned my grandma. So, so yeah, the Burkhart's or a bunch of jerks, not all of us, not all of us that you can not exactly a jerk. But though there is, there's one thing that does run in the family and its charismatic nous so, so
I think we have actually surpassed the time that they gave us.
I don't care. I mean, honestly. Uh huh.
it's
good public
people.
Yeah, I'll add you on facebook. Um, whenever I go on there, what's your picture right now?
I'm gonna search
for
work. So
I think there's nothing but Blair. Okay. I see it now in the glass.
The hat.
clark yeah.
Um Okay. There's a lot of photos on here. What? Uh See you say north Carolina? Right. North Carolina. Yeah. Three is why is it so hard to find things how to look for me?
josh. And then Burkhart U R K H A R. T. Oh, I should be a photo of mean in my oh that's my friend who passed away. Uh This is my childhood sweetheart photo. So it'll be me as a young middle schooler and then my fellow middle schooler, childhood sweetheart that I grew up with and there should be like a blue background behind us. You see it
incredible.
No.
Yeah. Global Kentucky. Mhm. You
That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Is that Erica with a C. R. K.
Yeah. No, no, the Erica. Is that got to care?
Okay, I'm typing it in. Right. Uh There's just
so
many of Erica's. It's hard to find. You think it would be easier.
What part of north Carolina?
Greenville? I didn't see if that narrows it down. Yeah, there it is. Got you. Oh, can you find you? For some reason? I can only follow you what
I sent you a message saying at me. Mhm.
It has been a pleasure. It really happens.
Where is the stop button on this thing?
It's caused a strain. All right. I'll see you on facebook. It was really nice to meet you.
You have yourself a blessed day and stay safe. Stay healthy and stay bust.