Hi,
can you hear me?
I'm not getting any. Huh? Mm
Okay. Your volume? I can't hear your volume. Mhm. All right.
Can you hear
Okay? Because I can't I can't hardly hear you. Yeah.
Hello? Can you hear me now?
Hey, I can hear you mail okay. Hi,
how are you? How are you today?
Yes. Have you been staying safe?
Wow. Me personally in the Carolinas. This crazy down here already.
I'm in north Carolina.
Uh
No, not that far away
and then
oh the weather is who crazy? Hate it down here. We had thunderstorms yesterday and we
got them today
one.
Yes.
Bring on the weather. Yeah. At the end of the day this quarantine has got everybody crazy.
Okay. What was
her name?
Oh, she is so pretty pound. Such a dog lover.
Oh, she is adorable.
It has been hard having to be sheltered away from people these days. So keeping busy and her keeping you company is awesome.
Uh I'm a online student.
it's very different for some people, it may be difficult, but for me, I like being alone
because
I'm a loner, so I kind of like stay to myself and try to just get my work done and it's not, it's less confusing than having a professor all in your ear every day and all that stuff makes it a lot more easier and stuff for me and it's more convenient. It's more convenient, especially at times like this, this is, yeah,
they got animals every school shut down down here.
at all,
flooring.
Oh well I've been binge watching the Walking Dead for sure. Then binge watching on netflix, The Walking Dead. Then I watched home, I'm in the Riverdale, I love Riverdale. So I've been binge watching between the two netflix is my bedroom. you've been watching? Who?
youtube is definitely my favorite place
and
wow, kind of like a mini virgin of storage wars and stuff
wow I'm gonna have to check that out because I love Youtube, I watch more so of shopping halls and muck bang
what
whoa,
interesting.
Have you ever thought about doing youtube now?
Have you ever thought about doing youtube yourself?
Got you, got you
got
it
games, I'm into basketball games so NBA live two K 19 all that stuff Yeah I'm into those type things need to be burnout
and then those restaurant
not the last one.
I have a passport.
No I need to get their, everybody's
been
oh everybody has been talking about it
God yeah, I can see you again. They also say oh you could call
and
One moment.
Oh wow. And you can literally play from your laptop anywhere.
Awesome. That is awesome. I'm definitely, I'm looking to that one for sure. That is awesome. At the end of the day, do you like have anything before like quarantine happened? Did you do any regular routine that changed a lot?
you do you virtually talk to them and stuff like webcam and things
everyone?
That is good. That is wonderful because at this time right now we need to keep the loved ones as close
as possible.
Um It was a close call in my um friend zone but unfortunately it was just the news so I was so grateful for that. I was like oh that's what made me even want to just connect more with my family. So we have to do a lot of virtual connections now and I do like I use Skype, I use zoom, I'm into that too because that's the only facebook messenger because my family is like spread it out over Greenville. It's not like we all have one little spot they're here, they're Greenville Georgia, they're all over
some
of the leaving new york.
you're josh, I'm Erica josh
to me. Uh huh
You're a people
person
you're a real people's person for sure. Yeah nothing is wrong with at the end of the day, I feel like if you can, one thing can change one person like every day you can just touch that one person whether it's a laugh or smile. Any little thing. Right, And somebody else is that I'm definitely a believer in that.
He did uh
well.
but is he okay? How
is he?
that
is amazing, awesome.
I
that is a blessing. That is
truly
The
It's been hard for you. Really digest. Like really, really tough
rally.
that is amazing. So your, your neighbors are close to all the friends maybe.
So do your friends live far away from you or they are all around?
Does something
I heard that,
definitely heard long john silver's,
So y'all have to schedule everything. You'll have to reschedule everything.
one
room,
whoa,
Thanks.
Whoa.
Ooh,
my
car knows. Okay.
I love dick
in.
I know right, that's what my
aunt
people
will definitely
north Carolina.
All right. I know
I get
teased
about
this
fall,
And
they told me I should be tar heels and I'm like, uh
again, yes, I love Duke now. Professional basketball. Do you watch professional basketball?
You're like,
how about football? Same thing.
College football. See
I I tried to get into that but I never got like I don't know, I never could grasp college football
I
guess because the teams that were playing, I never could like they used to call me a bandwagon because they like you like 15 for that reason, you're like that t for that reason. Yeah, I was one of those to assure
bad. Like uh other than that, I mean I like stuff like I love Nascar. I watched a little Nascar here and there
now
Jeff Gordon?
I will.
Your
was you in like um visual into like baseball. I try to get into that. That's what I'm trying to get into now.
Go
you like tuning
so you like venus and serena Williams? Uh huh. Yeah. They awesome.
No, I'm never,
I love science fiction.
That
I'm gonna have to definitely check that one out for sure. For sure. So are you a wrestling fan at all?
Not?
Yeah, I'm a huge dress within. I tend to love john sena.
our payment is amazing.
You do. Movies are funny,
very comedic.
your mama is actually one of my older movies.
I
hope that Goldberg,
I used to love him too.
Um Clark C L. A R K
josh Burkhart. That's the interest, the last name,
it doesn't have a D I was about to say the same,
that is a
way.
Um No, it's always a pleasure.
Quite the guard dog.
So that's the only pet you got just her.
That is
so amazing.
Mm what's her name? Selena,
my favorite singer. Selena
go mad.
Oh my gosh.
So they like the one that
that that that guy got shot?
that's my favorite look gloomy. I love that movie. She's so adorable.
Does she have friends to when the quarantine was not this way? Does she have before Quarantine? Did she have friends,
Or part of the city about property?
that's
not bad, not bad at all.
None,
no.
He lives far away.
Got you.
And
wow, that's a lot.
You know because somebody rode the bus down here and actually got sick. Actually
got sicked up.
You're
still,
oh no my my phone charms off every time every hour every half an hour for sure. But yeah, at the end of the day I feel like with this quarantine going on as long as your son is safe and then that's all that matters.
Only
What?
Oh yes, that's tough.
Whoa.
I want you.
I mean,
Oh yeah, my mom just went through that and it, wow, that's gonna
be a lot
of recovery.
that's
it.
that's, wow,
she's going through a lot, but do
she do all like depend on each other for support and stuff?
That's good.
That's real
good.
Got you. That is amazing these, y'all is good friends and especially it helps with your son and stuff like that, it is amazing.
Whoa.
What?
Oh my gosh. How about their formally, do your family support her?
got
you.
this is rough.
I thought I was the only one that, well I guess
every, every family has those type of people for sure.
so you're able
what,
how
that
we, that is amazing, so basically you were pretty much the men of your family, that's that's not bad at all, that's amazing because you,
What,
whoa, is that why she isn't
that why it's so rough for her?
Got you.
wow, well as long as everybody is definitely safe on your end, for sure, life is great.
I
told my mom I gotta get ready to do because I live with my mom and um I basically do my school work from home, so I always tell them like I got school work in the end today, she was like you never fails, I'm like never fails.
Criminal justice. Oh
what?
I have always wanted to just dibble and dabble on that and then I also got intrigued with the whole social worker type live, I always looked at social workers, it's kind of like people that try to save kids if they can, you know
sir, I speak for all of them, you know?
Why?
What?
I don't know.
Yeah, I got my, I got much my mom, my mom here, she got some indian and her so got that good hair from my mom, my dad
like India as an american, I mean it the book development Cherokee indian and my family,
thank you, thank you. It's a lot to deal with this curly hair, I'm like uh it was all over the place before I got on camera so I have to fix this.
I was like did you have a robot back in the day? I thought you had a mohawk bracketed.
that
that is all I some some. So are you close with your family like you and your family? River close?
Got you.
got you,
Captain. Oh that is amazing though. It's good to have family close sometimes, you gotta keep them closer, but it's good, it's great. It is amazing.
We did.
it has been amazing. It has truly been amazing.
So
you know,
you need a good spirited person finally through all this quarantine
um let me go back and look really really cool. Wait yeah,
in
in
it will be he this is big enough for my picture. He's simple.
See
what Yeah,
C. P. L. A. R K.
Okay. What is, what is, what is you
let's see,
Wolf. Okay. So it's a in your in your own profile thing in your background, Is it like of the city?
Okay. Not that one. Okay. Let's see proof up. It's okay. Yes, we can not want to hear in Kentucky. Right,
so that's B. U. R. K. H. A. R. T.
C C L. A. R K.
Oh no, we are I C. K. A.
Are
you
right? They make it so hard.
Greenville.
Let me see.
Got you. Okay, let's go here. Okay. That's it. Yeah. All right. Got you now. So, it's definitely go ahead and go jump on this homework. But it's been definitely nice talking to you some day josh.
Yes, it really, really has.
I guess we supposed to
Youtube jets.