Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. What? Mhm. Yeah. Thank you.
Hey, how are you?
okay. Doing fine.
My name is Jim What's your name?
May? Okay. It's good to see you. Yeah.
Is this your first attempt at this exercise or this multiple times?
I was
course
this was this is attempt number four this time around. So anyway, so
No, no. And actually was pretty tired by the time they came around. So I wasn't that wasn't too bad. You're going to get friday.
Okay. Are you from India ordinarily?
Okay.
Well that's good. So you're on your own? I would say. I'm guessing y'all were sent home. Yeah,
youngest daughter is a freshman. You're going to be a thought for next year and she's hoping they'll actually get to go back. You never know how it's gonna go, but
hear you. Uh Well, I know their their situation is they had registered for class, everything else right before they left. And then when this happened they've redone everything, it's a smaller school do that. And what they did is cut the classes almost in half so they can social distance in them. They've already announced if they, if they have to come back that will go on virtual the way it is. She's kind of weird for her because she's well she was a dance major. She's changed it now too, is going to be interdisciplinary studies with one of the things being danced, but hard to do your dance whenever your virtual. But anyway, is that what's your, what's your major?
okay, wow. Gonna be busy then. Yeah,
I went to your huger and I'm a tar Hill. My wife and I both went to UNC Chapel Hill and um she's homeschool mom, we home school all four and all, we're going to college to actually three have graduated the youngest of those threes actually married Now the other two are not yet. Um My youngest daughter then is in college, so we're kind of empty nesters there, but um I'm a high school teacher, my teacher tree, but that's only one of the things I do. I teach the, they've got men to driving a bus before school. I do drivers asian uh
with that after school, I'm also the head tennis coach for the men in the spring. That was a short season this year three. Um So I stayed pretty busy and if you were a student teacher, I might actually see one of your portfolio is also great for Pearson, for people that are interested after the electronic portfolios and since, but directly I'm at the end of the career I could retire when I want to, but I'm enjoying what I'm doing. Start stick around doing
it.
Um, well I actually went there. I wanted to be a pharmacology major, uh, go into research because I still, I love science. My freshman year there, you said your undeclared In the middle of the lab, we had a hurricane come through. I'm sitting there with the rain splashing against the windows outside and
I'm thinking, can I really picture myself 35 years from now in a lab somewhere doing this. And as much as I like science, the answer was no. And uh, I was inspired to go in the classroom basically because I had a teacher, he taught history and he seemed to know everything. And I remember in the fourth grade, when they ask the kids what you want to be and I said a researcher. So I've always just enjoyed learning. There's a nice thing about history and teaching. It is it's literally every single thing that's ever happened in every field of study and there's no real way to near that down. So I've always enjoyed that.
Oh I don't know if I sat
in the
three.
Yeah if it can be if we're allowed to tell the stories and stuff like that that make it worthwhile it.
Oh that's a fact right there you're lost. I can remember my first philosophy class.
Well well you have a few of those in there and I can run my first philosophy class I took, we got our first papers back in two thirds of us. He said I will not even give you an f on this paper and really to shock our systems as to what he expected. So it was and it turned out being fine but it was different, but
no you're good.
Well
top
I understand, it sounds about like the size of the school my daughter goes to. She um actually it's interesting. My oldest son went to unc child feel like we did, it never pushed any of them to go to a specific place. The other three went to private schools that were smaller. Well actually uh I should say my two sons actually went to schools that my wife and I went to uh I went to the university Chapel Hill and got a master's degree there as well. And then later went to Columbia International University where I got another masters and both of my sons wound up attending that. One, went to seminary there and one uh went to undergrad there alright, there were small schools and their advantages to both. I remember very much feeling like a very small fish in a very large pond down in Chapel Hill. And it's definitely
true.
that's
Yeah. On the other hand, you got the support there to when something they're they're they're not about that too. So that's pretty good. They went to small school. My daughter really loves it. Um And she's looking forward to getting back and hoping they don't wind up coming back. We did get some good news regarding that if they do have to come back. She said she was excited because they're gonna refund the room and board that they, because last year they did everything in place. So I guess something happened to you, you didn't get the room, you didn't get the board but you still have to pay for it. And uh I know here in north Carolina, the public schools announced you know if they have to send everybody home, they just, they can't send the money back. I thought, well, that's kind of war. Uh
well, word yeah. How you gonna have to keep the kids from coming up and getting a hug or giving friend Gregor? Maybe they've gotten used to it over the last few months, but or um since I drive the bus in the mornings, You know, I was talking with our principal said, how in the world are we supposed to keep them 6 6 ft apart? That is impossible in a bus. And so at least here he's of the opinion that the high school is probably going to be virtual and he's going to use all the buses just doing the elementary in some of the middle schools. But I don't know, I hope not because teaching virtually. Um for some of my students, honestly, they did the best work they've ever done because they were more focused, they wanted to uh for a lot of them though, they it was I don't think there was much going on.
Well.
your move.
Well, it's kind of bad for us because our state school board announced three weeks into the virtual session, they announced that the students have the option of just taking a pass fail based on her third nine weeks grade.
In other words, if you were passing the 39 weeks, basically the last 2.5 months, you didn't have to do a thing and you still passed, and that's what happened with frankly, some of them, some of them I never did see on the zoom meeting or anything else you hear from.
So anyway, that's just, you know, it's kind of human nature, there were going to do what's expected and not much more, a lot of times except for real individuals, so anyway, that's there.
Well especially if you're gonna be a philosophy major because you've got to be bouncing ideas back and forth, pretty much rapid fire and that doesn't work when you're zooming.
Oh yeah, one thing I there's a part of me that won't let go of believing it's going to return to normal, but at the same time uh there will be things that will hang on for a long time. Well, but you you got one, you can look back from that, you lived through an early part of your life,
You know, other than 1918, that's the last time we have had anything remotely like that here in the us and
the rest
of
the world.
Yeah, the spanish flu other than that, and even that it was a little different because people can survive differently. You didn't have the globalization where everything affected everything else so much if you're in a community, you know you still were pretty self sufficient. I'm not gonna remember when this happened, I was actually driving, I hadn't even thought about it till March 16th 13th is a friday afternoon. I was picking up a kid to start driving him. They were gonna do friday and saturday and then monday and be finished. And his mom was out with him in the in the driveway and I thought that was kind of odd. She said yeah we're waiting on you to come pick him up because we got to run to the walmart and I said what? She said, oh haven't you heard? She said we got to get toilet paper
Bolivia's because I've been driving all week long, had been paying attention anything else. And and then also in the shelves were bare and I was holy holy cow, that was weird.
so you play with a cross? Okay. I've always thought that was the coolest sport. Um Well yeah, I mean where else can you wake somebody with a stick and it's legal. Uh You know what I mean, I'm an old football coach, but also the tennis coach, so it's just
very different. We just cranked up across in north Carolina recently and our teams are about three years old, That sounds but I know they were really disappointed. A lot of the people who were on those teams because it was gonna be the first time. They had actually done it for a significant number of times. And this was a weird year for me. I I didn't have a whole lot of returning seniors on the tennis team, a young team. So I didn't really have anybody there. But I could think back for like to three of the last four years, I've lost half my top six. And I could just imagine
that would have been heartbreaking for them. But also for me because you invest like those kids for four years and then they lose that season. It's just only imagine. And of course, I'm sure you had friends that were seniors on the, on the what you want to and
More senior?
Not no. Awards, no. Yeah.
well. Yeah.
we did something four hours what we did we created on the graduation committee. So one of the things I'm responsible for setting up our stage for graduation, making trips already. Well, it is instead of, usually we have in the football stadium, that's the only thing that will hold everybody when they get there. Um But we put it in front of our theater arts building and we let people come in one side of the campus and kind of snake all the way around the campus and then come back around and you came back around, they could bring in two cars with your family and friends, they signed up for a slot to come through and then they could go up and get their picture made on the stage as though they were graduating that way. Well their family watched and you know the principles couldn't shake their hands and stuff, but they were there everybody with your form and stuff like that
has
not the same thing. But I think it really hit me how it affected them when
um one day I came in, I was at that section where they had already gone through and with loop back through and there must have been 100 students, 100 seniors. They're just milling around in front of a parking lot in front of the other building. We had asked him to leave, but we didn't want to run them off because it's the last time we're gonna see each other. I could think back. It's been a long time since my senior graduation. But
You know, it will be tough for people that you spent, you know, 12 years with 13 in Y'All's case may be and you don't even get to say kind of by.
Well, has your family been spared the Covid cursed?
Where?
Yeah. Well, um a friend of mine who's a pastor, his wife got very sick and had to go in and they tested her numerous times for Covid and it kept coming back negative, But and she's got a lot of other issues. But the doctor is sure that's what it was. I mean she had every single symptom, the only thing that wouldn't happen was the test weren't. So and then she added, so he said it's got to be co because everything was there and then hadn't really known anybody else until my youngest daughter's boyfriend, there's down in Jacksonville florida. His mom and dad got it Because what happened is that he's a preacher and the the school where they used to worship, Well there got sick. They had been talking to that person and like five or 600 people got included. Both his mom dad. The weird thing is, you know, there live in the same house and and been sharing food and all this stuff. He's never gotten it
quickly.
Yeah. He had to get, his dad had to go to the hospital but he got out monday he's doing well. His
mom got sick with it but she's doing better. I don't know. This is a weird disease. I think a lot of people had it, don't even know they've had it and um anyway it's kind of weird.
No
thankful
for it, employees, thankful for it. It is hot there in Indiana I guess it is kind of hot in the center part of the central part of the country. Just were.
Oh yeah that's kind of the norm here. Airport near yeah north Carolina this time of year and upper 80s 90's and like 70% humidity and stuff. As bad as it is though. We went to Jacksonville last weekend so she could see him on his birthday from at least from a distance. But it was really hot down there with the humidity. But
anyway, it's not been too bad for all this.
but it's there so you'll head back I guess regular time or not. As y'all schedule being changed to like my daughter, they will finish basically finish at thanksgiving so they can come home, y'all better.
well.
You know, hours in North Carolina. They did have a law, you couldn't start before August 25.
So that's when everybody started. The only way to fit everything in because you had to have it over by a certain date next year. We kind of finagle in, our system Went year round, so to speak. We weren't really year round, but we had things going on this summer, so we classify that way. And so we started back last year August 1st. and the nice thing about that in high school as you get your classes over within the exams before they go for christmas break and they don't have to worry about coming back and taking them after christmas Um this year though that's kind of got messed up, he moved it back to the 17th, can't come back before then and we'll see I think they're supposed to make an announcement we're going to this week. I think you're gonna make it this week as to what we're gonna do and everybody's wondering.
it can be kind of different because your friends don't always remember your first getting things going like that but anyway now what's your name again? I've forgotten
May. That's right actually remember that like
the
it's jim yeah
it's good to meet you. Uh huh
I'll keep you on prayer and hope your school where it goes well and that's your athletics come back together to
okay you too take