Hi.
Good, how are you?
What's your name?
May?
to meet you.
I've had one other video chat with somebody and I also had one time where I waited a little bit and no one showed up. What
about,
you know?
And he showed up for any of them,
Yeah, it's been pretty good so far. I'm in indiana right now so it's pretty hot.
Yeah, I was born here, I've lived here my whole life and I've just finished my freshman year at Kalamazoo College in michigan. Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
they think that they're going to have a combination of virtual classes and in person classes, but I'm going to get a house up there, so it's pretty nice because even if classes aren't going to happen in person, I still get to stay up there and be away from my parents. Yeah.
I'm undeclared right now, but um I'm thinking that I want to major in philosophy with a concentration in environmental studies and maybe maybe a minor or a double major in spanish,
Yeah, where did you go to school?
Mhm.
did
you study in college?
my gosh.
Right, that is cool, the history teachers are always the cool ones, I feel like to
they're
the fun
ones.
yeah, I tried to take a history course last semester I was interested in history for or I thought I was for a little bit and it's just so hard for me to like be engaged in just like reading like a story about something that happened so long ago. It just, yeah, but I do see the importance of history and there is history and stunning philosophy too, so
History, a lot of history,
It was go ahead.
It was such a difference coming from high school to college. Just the difference in like what professors are like expecting and I turned out to really like what like college a lot more and I go to like a small school, it's only 1500 people. Oh it's like about the size of what my high school was and sometimes it kind of feels like a summer camp even because like we're all like eating together in the same cafeteria and like everybody seems to like know each other and so like a lot of adults to that
I run into on that campus always say that they wish they went to a liberal arts school, like
a small liberal arts school. Um but that, yeah, so yeah.
small,
a small school definitely isn't for everybody. Like I I can definitely see how the few degrees of separation between like a student body can get like clicky a little even or just
like words get around fast so if you like mess up or something, everybody knows, you know?
I can't imagine them talking about doing like social distancing and wearing masks in like elementary school classrooms. I just cannot see that working.
As a student,
from a student's perspective, during those like online classes when we were finishing up, I was just, I'm gonna be honest with you, I was just putting in like the least amount of work that I could and just like turning in like whatever and just trying to pass, especially because they changed our second semester two Um pass or fail only, so you just had to like get above a 50%. So I was so I was just doing like nothing and just like sleeping it every day and like skipping
talents and just doing assignments.
allow
that's fun.
I really did not like the online learning though and I hope that we don't get like another semester of it because it's just the like in person discussion experience is just a lot more valuable. I feel like and a lot I feel like that's how I learned is like discussing ideas and when it's when it's like a huge zoom call, like the size of a classroom, like 12 people, it's hard to figure out how to like communicate, you know?
Mhm. Yeah, the classroom setting, like, I don't know if it's ever going to be the same again, And that's sad because like, it's definitely something I'm going to miss. Like just looking back at like, what, 15 weeks ago, like the things that we were doing in classrooms, I'm like, miss it already, you know?
I know.
Was
that the
spanish
flu?
Well
It was changing so fast when it was developing like, but we were in the middle of our lacrosse season and we had like a whole vacation, like a spring break, um like games in texas planned and we have like a play day for like a weekend, we were going to go travel and just like the week before, like that stuff was all like set in stone ready to go. And then like the next day we were going to have the played a that weekend and then the next day after that we weren't going to fly to spring break and then the next week after that school was canceled and then the next and the next day after that then I went home and it all just went so fast.
And
What?
It's so sad. Yeah. Yeah. They didn't even get like a senior night and
And
and like graduation to for high schoolers,
like I'm glad I graduated high school last year and got like my walk because like even doing it after you've already graduated, I feel like it's not the same thing and it's not even like maybe not even worth going to after you've already graduated, you know?
That's
gone.
What?
Rule.
Yeah, that's a memory and I wouldn't want to give up. You know? Also just thinking about how much like my senior night for swimming and lacrosse in high school, just like how important those memories are and how much I like value those like ceremonies and like I wouldn't want to give up those memories and they don't even get that, you know? But there's a lot of people that have sacrificed like a lot of memories for all of this.
I
don't know anybody personally who's been infected, do you?
That's
so strange. English.
That's
Yeah. And it's so early. They don't really know much like if you can get it again once you've already been infected or still um contagious after you've had it. Yeah. It's really weird. Like I've never experienced something like this before. Nobody has.
As
we,
I think the high today is 92.
I bet
order in the summer is like the worst. Okay.
Well we usually, we're usually on trimesters and so we have a fall term and then it ends at the beginning of like thanksgiving break and it goes all the way till the end of New year's. So because we have like a whole month of december off. So it's, it was like that last year before the covid pandemic. But I'm assuming that they're doing the same thing this year because it makes sense. But I don't, they start later because
like, I'm pretty sure like michigan other like North Northern schools like Star after like Labor Day or Memorial Day or something like that. The classes start like September 10 or something. So it's pretty, yeah, but we also go in the summer to like June 10th. So yeah but um since they're starting later than most other schools they're like waiting for their decision to like really come out about what they're doing because they have more time before school starts, so.
You do.
My birthday is August 14 and I've had so many different like start days with school that sometimes my birthday's during school and sometimes it's before school. It's funny. Yeah.
May
what's your
name again? Sorry I forgot to.
Cool. Nice to meet you.
too.
Thank you. Best of luck. Stay healthy.