Hey I got a person I've been set up last three times.
it's like three times in a row. I was getting offended, you know like what that happened? Yeah. You know
It is. Sometimes I just hang out for about 10 usually because I'm just doing other stuff. I know I don't pay any extra, but whatever, I like them a little time, you know? Mhm.
And you're like, oops,
Yeah, that's that's like not no time at all for sure.
me
too. Yeah. Especially when I've been juggling so many things lately and been a crazy, I take care of my mom, she lives with us and then my brother just had hip surgery. So I've been his go to person Taking him ever and he's getting his other hip done December 10, so it's not over yet.
they were both just insides were just crushed. So Um he'll be much better off, you know, he's only 56 so you know, definitely give him a good quality of life.
I'm happy for him. He'll be much better off.
not too bad. I actually had another little zoom meeting kind of like this earlier with Chicago research group that I do step with but just short little things. But it was basically that one was the same kind of thing. You know you chat with the person and then they made you do another little um a survey in between and then you chat with him again and your survey is supposed to base, you know if you learned anything else. Was it more interesting? Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know. I mean I just started recently myself I did the prerequisites like you said and I just said the zoom prerequisite and then this was my first zoom and it was it was horrible, It was so sketchy yapping on, you know and I couldn't even chatter, you know the host, I couldn't chat with her. I'm like I'm gonna have to speak, I'm sorry because she was muting, muting us all, you know and I'm like I don't know what to do. I tried to like three different ways. So yeah,
that's what I know because I never usually have an issue here or a few other ones I've done some research on never had an issue. But yeah, I don't know, I'm looking forward to doing more with them. Just I mean I do a lot of shopping on amazon and subscribe and save every month just for my monthly stuff and so christmas coming up. I mean he's definitely going to be an asset if I can get some studies.
I'm telling you what it is. Damn near everything there. It's about
course,
Uh huh.
No.
That
would be just like saying facebook's of monopoly, you know what I mean? You know there's at least there's always something else you can do.
What
it
is.
Very, very true. Very true. Have you done any studies on amazon's in turk at all? You want there
at all
and
work
my way up?
So
Yeah. Pretty. Yeah, but I've only got about 150 studies in for bar. So I'm working, you know, I'm at least getting a little bit more access, you know, go on
So you're actually getting some decent studies and probably
I think
it's pretty cool. Yeah,
sometimes. Yeah. Yeah.
Eddie johnson. Sometimes it seems like you either flooded with them and you can only do one at a time, you know? So you're like, which one do I pick? Um Or there's nothing in the weekends are usually always dead,
you know? Yeah.
You can always always find something. I mean, you know, you're reduced to the bottom of the line. You can always do James villain, you know? Everyone knows his name. Okay. I'm
sorry, I've gotten a few like $2, bonuses off of him actually, you know? So yeah, it's a little gamble every day. I mean now it's like maybe you're traveling is
it
does
It's
easy to yeah,
bang them out. That's
how I did my first under it. And now I've been kind of, you know, getting out into a little bit more stuff and
yeah, yeah, I had one as well. Yeah.
that's
never,
don't worry
about it.
Yeah, I mean when I want
to I know I thought people on Reddit you know they get all steamed up about it. They're like you know like I rejected and there's no reason I answered everything right And
Oh for sure I heard like um which other one was our new one I just signed up for but people were saying oh gosh nothing has gone out of my head. No it's not about L are in Nouveau Nouveau You know N. O. V. A. I think it is um lots
of people
were saying
you know they do all the stuff and then they're just not even getting paid you know And Um there's are apparently you can do like lots of them so you do like 85 and you get paid $45
or you know
things like that. I think that's how it works. I haven't done anything on there yet. But um
I'm out
over
the fight.
that's
the difference.
You know Exactly.
No,
no.
And then
you didn't
do it.
Yeah, sure. Yeah. They
were like,
you got right and I'm like, what are you talking about? I followed it to the T.
Yeah, I think so too. I was having to go and then right into my amazon account, but then I just got to the point where it was like, it was being used wherever because good cards are always used first. I'm like, wait a minute you were supposed to pay for that. You're talking about somebody else, you know that using my account and okay, I just know I'm doing to my bank and so I'm like, at least that way I know I can because that is eventually going to go straight there anyway. But
I
get
back
here, I'm sorry.
I'm very happy. Uh
huh uh well, you know, I mean, I just I'm ready for trump to be out, you know, I just
same
here.
No.
Yeah, Yeah. He's a handful. He should have just stick to his businesses
in his golf course. You know, I mean, really, I mean, writing this so that I mean what kind of president doesn't
just conceived when I want it such a clear race, you know?
And
you need to read states to win. I mean, come on, really, somebody needs kicking as, you know, kicking and where it counts.
Very
No.
And
I'll set up beforehand
to, you know, I mean, he's he's been setting this up for months to come. You know, they'll don't know mail in ballots, no mail in ballots because he knows that's how democrats usually, you know, votes,
exact
rhythm,
same here,
yep, my dad it early enough, so I was able to check it, you know, make
sure I got there and
And that's what
they struggle.
It has
that
that
makes it
hard.
You know, we voted, it's were the people, you know, you know, with it,
you know, you know, all your crazy trump supporters can, they're they're ferocious, They're mean, have you ever, I mean, you can talk to them, I'm like, you know, chatting on, you know, instagram or, or a few times I've been on twitter, it's just like, wow, you guys are just horrible, you're just
I
know, it's like we're all american people, you know, I mean
there's no reason we should not be able to co exist. I mean
I'm not, you know, a strong democrat, I used to be a pretty strong republican and now I'm just kind of been middle of the road for a long time, you know, it's like I see pluses and and minuses to both sides, you know,
there's always going to be, but I think you need a little of both to go exist, you know?
it's
true.
I know because they were like tied up last. I haven't looked in the last few days but I know that they were tied up for not a
while there are they still tied up,
you know?
he's a little more at least a humble man, you know, he's got some, you know, Yeah, it's a heart
and
Hello?
I know he has done some very very sketchy stuff especially of late you know I mean the one good thing I will say he brought you know a lot of our troops back that's
probably the only
good thing I can say that I mean anybody anybody can do that obviously
and I think anybody would have as well you know we
don't want to be able
to do more than they need to so
and now mm after this year I don't know I won't say even more
you know all these natural disasters and pandemic and just I mean the fires in California and hurricanes here in florida where I am and
oh no not not hurricanes yet but that's about it. There's been a lot more hurricanes coming through and a lot more you know getting direct you know and building up but not just not too much more as far as anything else. Um I mean
just
hotter. No winter at all anymore. No, no, you know sweater weather at all. It's depressing.
love.
I know
My husband was thinking about that because he moved back in 2013. He moved here to be you know with me and from Colorado and he was saying you know, he would walk out like so bundled up, you know, and then on the next tell me God worked that night, you know, it would already change like night and day and the next day is yeah, really really hot. I know what I mean.
No,
the higher powers are definitely pissed off with us, you know,
somebody is not happy with us.
well
I have a 16 year old boy and I have a three year old boy and I work from home and take care of my mom as well. And uh work work got kind of slower. I'm a bookkeeper, but a lot of people towards the end of tax season just for holding onto their money. And like I didn't
get a lot of my return clients. So that hurt a little bit, you know, um, we're not doing anything, you know, it's just the three year old. That's very persistent. That is not a good thing.
You
can do it,
you
know,
And he's,
you
know, just age where he wants to start having friends, you know, and it's just,
you know, we go to the park and by the chance we do go, you know, very, very seldomly, you know, we'll go where there's actually people at the park and he's, you know, friends, someone comes up and they're like, can we play it? And they were like, oh, and get your color or anything? And you're like, no, no, no. You know, and you don't want, you know, like, but you just have
to tell
them,
you know,
there's
lot of six people, not that they some of them will understand, Some of them won't, you know, But it's a lot of sick people out there right now and I would just not comfortable with it, you know?
Oh,
breaks my heart.
It probably wouldn't have if we had just closed down for you do three weeks. You know what I mean? The economy would be in a much better place. Everything would be, you know, people probably could have to lose
business for a few weeks. You know,
we're
going to make
it anyways, you know? Yeah.
And
I'll get
over it.
Thanks.
No, I mean, I forget I have my non sometimes now, you know, I'll get back in the car and start driving down the road. I'm like, oh, just just get
used to
it. You know? I mean, it's it's a small set for me to
do, yeah.
For me, my family and everybody else, God forbid, you know, you know, we were to have it and just didn't know. So,
Yeah. How
about you? Has it affected your work or anything or?
You're right. Sure.
I mean, people like that into, you know, a small depression or even larger
people are actually killing themselves over this and it's just
it
it's
this fuel passes.
Mhm.
I didn't catch your old before we could get get off. I'm angel. I don't think we said
David. It's nice to meet
you.
No.
That was
like,
yes, definitely. Good.
I'm
glad
to do that. But you don't stand me up.
The Karen stay safe. Okay.