Hello.
Uh Yeah, I just had no show my last time too, so I'm always
I don't know what happens because I've talked with a couple of people who had a bunch of no shows and uh I think part of it's the timing thing, I mean five minutes is kind of a small window
Well and again, I know and sometimes too it's a scheduling thing too because I've had a time when they scheduled me and I think they gave me about an hour's notice and I just happened to look at my email and
yeah, I was like oh I guess I got time to go to so and actually the person talking with have the exact same issue
no, again I like to put my stuff on the counter, you know, make sure I have it ready and
have
Yeah. Yeah, and it does seem like they do both pairs pretty much the same time.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Right.
Yeah. Well, you know, once you once you get used to him uh I guess recovering and whatnot, so that's always fun. But so how's your day been?
So I've actually signed up I think for the same panel, is there some sort of trick to being eligible for? I've done the prerequisite zoom study, but like, you know, I keep looking up, they've got all these different zoom studies and they told me, well, it's a demographics thing and I'm like, well, but it's every single one of them I can't even register for
I guess just based on fact I have no quality, quality issue with you is probably the other person's end.
Absolutely. Yeah, that's one of those things that amazon for me is almost as good as cash because
but it's amazing. I'm kind of curious, we'll
see if anything happens. I know they keep talking about, you know, having the government stepping in and you know, saying amazon is too big. Yeah, exactly.
Uh But
yeah, it's funny, that's kind of a big topic right now with some of these companies and some of them, I'm like yeah, I don't know, I mean it's like especially like twitter or something like that, I'm like okay, I don't use twitter personally, but I have a hard time thinking of them as monopoly because there are a lot of other products that do similar things and they don't have companies, they bought all these things. Um I don't know, it just seems like it's kind of a grudge I guess
and
Absolutely, absolutely. Yeah. Again, uh there are some companies who have historically been monopolies, you know the company back when with Ma Bell, I mean obviously that was a monopoly, but we don't have nearly as many of those as we used to and um
again it's just too big of an economy, it's hard for a lot of different
players
and get the different aspects locked or it's on telly, so
laugh.
Yeah. So what
do
you,
oh, so you're
pretty recent or?
Bring it about 1500 or so myself, so it's
a little bit, yeah, it's kind of weird. Again, that's one of those things that you have to get qualified for a lot of really good studies. So again, the more you put in just the easier it is to get the different qualifications and I really like Em Turkey in general. Um I know some people don't like it for whatever reason. Um
I
think it's of the different ones. I mean, again, the nicest thing about it more than anything else is most days, there's almost always something to do.
I mean like with this, I like prolific, but the problem is there are only so many studies most days, you know?
But
that's the nice thing about mturk. There are occasions where it's kind of dead, you know, like on christmas, you know, whatever. But for the vast majority of the times, there's something that's going on out there.
for a dress.
Yeah, he seems to have a similar approach to a lot of the different survey sites. So I mean the pay
tends
to kind of low, but you know, the plus side is when it's like in your situation you're trying to build up the different hits
numbers.
So.
But
Yeah. The only thing I don't like about mturk and I've only had one so I guess I shouldn't even really mention it but just the rejection thing so that
but yeah it was kind of frustrating because I had answered it properly and I kept reaching back to the requester and saying hey you know I I did this and talk about nothing and of
course I reached
out to amazon and they're like
what's
happening?
So.
Yeah. Well and see that's the problem is again I know some of those and that's it's certainly not limited just entered by any stretch of the imagination but there are some requesters who were out there trying to get some free data so um.
It's
my
people
Thank you.
What?
Yeah.
It's
always,
yeah, it's hard to tell with a lot of those because I know I've seen somewhere they said well they don't pay them and you know that's because like they're waiting that same day expecting to get paid. So in that case it's like you know my might be a little bit patient there. Uh On the other hand, you know if you go weeks and weeks and don't hear
back,
that's a completely different story to completely understandable why they be concerned about that. So
that's I think that's the frustrating thing about a lot of these providers is again like that one they do have a lot of studies you have to do before they do a payout. And while they aren't all frauds by any
stretch of
the imagination uh The thing that would frustrate me is if I spend all that time and effort responding
all
get
nothing. But
but
that's
but yeah, that's actually one of the things I really like about enter compared to a lot of places is just you have the automatic payment things so regarding your settings, I mean it's just nice that you know the money just eventually goes in, you can use whatever you want it for. So it's definitely a very good system for the different enter crowd workers.
Oh yeah. Absolutely. But you know the reason why I look at it that way and that's definitely my preference too. But I do it because of cash back reason. So you know I get a credit card that's giving me cash back, so if I use your card, I mean I'm not paying for it, but on the other hand I was getting that
cash
back,
so
But yeah. Yeah. Um so uh have you been keeping an eye on what's going on with the election? Yeah.
Yeah.
absolutely. Yeah. You know, it's one of those things and I think for me, because I definitely vote against Trump, even if I didn't like biden, I couldn't stand him. And is one of those things in 2016 when he ran initially, I was actually going to vote against clinton just because, you know, I really didn't like some of the things that she's been involved with,
but
or I got to hear from trump the more I said, I don't want to see him as the leader of this country.
Had so many bad ideas. And the worst part about it is he's mostly implemented a lot of the different ideas he's thrown out there.
Absolutely.
absolutely.
Yeah. You know, it's one thing, if you're talking about like 2500 votes, Is that okay? I'd want to wait on a recount on that because 500, definitely within striking distance we are down like seven million votes or whatever it is right now. Uh
and granted.
yeah. I think the thing that frustrates me more, anything else about his lack of conceding is that there aren't more people on the Republican Party who are saying, hey, you know, you need to do the right thing. Obviously you've lost, be gracious about it, don't completely butcher if if you have Hames of doing this running in 2020 for, you know, beer man. Well, he he hasn't shown that ever. So I mean, I would be surprised so, um, but yeah, it's just a total mockery. It's, it's some of the theories I see thrown out there are just absolutely insane and it's like
you know, you feel like lawsuits that are like 246 you know fraudulent votes supposedly and but you've lost like
tens
of thousands
of,
sure. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's one of those things that uh again it's funny because on the one hand he kept telling his supporters go in person vote. And of course um everybody I think if they had a mail in ballot option, I know I did a mail in ballot option just because for me while I go in and potentially get sick going
in with
the exact
same through.
Absolutely,
absolutely. But yeah, that was definitely a struggle this year is I guess the number the ballots didn't make it in on time just because the Postal service has just been, but
always
this year. Really been just slow, slow, slow
but yeah it's uh definitely something that I'm very happy to see that move on. However I'm just concerned because the timeline, the good news is that biden has been around a long time. So I know he personally obviously is very familiar with the government. You don't have the different agencies who are willing to cooperate with you and help transition your team
in.
I
mean
who's very valuable time on that. So I'm I don't know, it's it's at some point somebody's gotta step and say, you know what I think you've lost thanks. I mean the world basically told them that so.
Absolutely. But
Yeah. It's one of those things you have to be willing to agree to disagree and just much like donald trump a lot of those folks just, you know, it's their way or the highway
and
absolutely
at
Absolutely,
Oh, absolutely, because again if you have just one party who's got everything, things go very badly, it doesn't really matter which party has control. I mean, it
just,
it's bad. So I think that's actually something I'm kind of looking forward to. I know they've got a couple of outstanding races in Georgia as far as the Senate goes, but if they do have the congress, I think that's actually going to be very interesting to see how well that works out.
I
don't think it's tied up, but it's close enough that both parties are doing all sorts of interesting things, I guess.
Uh some of the wealthier democrats have moved down to Georgia to go vote, which a little interesting, but hey, you know, do what you want to do, I guess. Um, but yeah, there are a lot of different fundraisers going on and I think they just did a big vote that I think caught some people by surprise because they're expecting the Georgia state to really limit how easy it is going to be to vote in the run offs and they said no, no, no, no, we don't want to do that. I think that's probably a good call because again, you're gonna have a lot of people, especially since the stakes are pretty high. I mean you could easily have it flipping to democrat if both of the Democratic candidates won or at least tied up, I guess I, um, but otherwise of course, and it hasn't really changed. It's just make the balance a little bit different. So, uh, not not to make any difference. But again, I think the good thing with Biden is he's definitely somebody I could see being more diplomatic. Obviously he's worked with both sides of the aisle for a long time. So uh,
And again,
I think that's really important aspect to that because some of the things they've been doing here recently, which I'm still struggling to figure out what the thought processes behind this, but a couple of different cabinet heads and whatnot that Trump has fired recently and I'm like, we've only got like 10 weeks left. I mean
it doesn't really matter.
Yeah, that's
definitely
absolutely.
Hello
again.
Yeah, again, we're spread too thin and I think certainly looking at some of the things that are going on around the world that we definitely to focus our attentions on a couple of those nations a little bit more because definitely concerns. But again, you don't necessarily need to have a stationed everywhere around the world, especially in in places that have a pretty good relationship with us like Germany or or something like that. Obviously if if they need us to come back, I'm sure will pony up the money to make it happen. But on the other hand, necessarily have to have a presence with somebody we've had a good relationship with for quite some time. I certainly don't think I'll wake up tomorrow and see a headline Germany fell, so at least so.
so.
e yeah, it's it's amazing some of the different weather parents we've been seeing this year, so obviously being in florida, you would know this firsthand, but have you seen a lot more strong weather than you have in previous years this year compared to the others?
I
was kind of curious.
Yeah. See uh the reason why I was asking that as I'm in colorado, so colorado has all sorts of seasons
and this
year uh we had a two day period where one day we had the highest high on record and the next day the lowest low on record,
Crazy.
So
All
Yeah, this year has not been a good year. So uh as far as the pandemic goes to that change up any of your personal habits, any hobbies or anything going to
record.
But
no. Yeah, it's definitely I think tougher for somebody like your situation because again, you know, it's easy when you're an adult and you know,
you
don't
back
down the hatches, but you know, trying to tell a kid who's who's used to doing, you know, normal things
don't
be
Absolutely.
it's
good
to
get out
of this shit.
I don't know. Absolutely, Yeah,
it's
terrible. But you know, the thing is uh you know, regardless of how many months has dragged on and I know, I don't think anybody predicted it was gonna drag on for as long as the drug on, but um
so
versus
permanent
business.
I think for me that that's been kind of my biggest issue with the approach this year is just too many things where, to me it's commonplace thing like that, or a mask for example, and I don't get, for example, the argument I've definitely heard way too often that, you know, it's some sort of front to freedom, it's like okay, it's a map, I
mean
it's helping
back to you and everybody else, so I mean, okay, I
do understand it's inconvenient, but Oh, well.
that's
been,
no.
absolutely.
Oh, absolutely. And I think that's the biggest issue is so many people are asymptomatic that get it and pass it on and don't even realize that they're sick.
Mhm.
Yeah. We've had a number of people who have either had confirmed cases or thought they had confirmed cases. I had about myself where testing wise it didn't prove anything as far as having coronavirus, but I had very similar symptoms. And unfortunately since the test results can be very hit or miss, I'm still not sure if I had it or not. So
but I definitely was not wandering around outside, you know, doing my normal business. So again, that's kind of, I think the biggest struggle for a lot of people is is having to stay inside and do a number of things if you work from home or, you know, you do a lot of things at home. I mean, it's not as big a deal, but again, for a lot of people I know I've got a co worker who is a real busy body, loves to talk with people and and everything else and, you know, she absolutely hated this entire time, so, you know.
People.
and again, for me, it's a temporary thing. So however
bad it is for you, it will
one day pass,
but Oh, well.
Uh
Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, we just ran right into it. I'm David. So
definitely
hit 25 minutes and I love you, but it didn't really feel like 25
minutes,
it's
always a good thing.
So
I hope
you.
Absolutely, Absolutely. So anyway, hopefully you don't have any future no shows. But, you know, if you do hopefully not to a
You too. Okay, five