SPEAKER_L: Okay. Harry. Hello. Mm Yeah, I can see your video but I think your mic is off. I am mm I don't know why my video isn't working because I can turn my microphone on but I don't know why. Uh huh. Do you do you know of any way to turn the video on? How is that working? Okay. Mm. Are you okay just talking over audio?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you able to hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Right. So what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: Are you still labeled? Can you hear me at all right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Great. Well um uh Yeah, I worked in a research lab with the university. So as part of that, I do some programming for them and then paid also like help out when we like have participants come in to like take research studies. Um I will like block the participant through like what what we're doing for the experiment and stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Less so doing that now. We're not like having people come into the lab I guess. But um Yeah. What do you do
SPEAKER_L: Oh I was a substitute teacher but now with COVID-19, I've been working full time at Walmart because that was my second job for insurance and everything,
SPEAKER_R: question?
SPEAKER_L: so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh and sorry, my name is chris by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh sorry um my name is uh Danielle and I'm around 27 years old. I've got uh brown hair and uh blue eyes
SPEAKER_R: Cool. I'm
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: 26.
SPEAKER_L: 26. Okay so you're just a year younger than me? Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how, I don't know guarded. You want to be with your personal information? Like where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: Right. I live in Iowa,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I live in Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_L: Wisconsin. Okay, so you're just a state over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's funny. When did you start using prolific or I assume that you've got this study through prolific. Is that right?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I did. Uh Let's see um I want to say maybe november of last year. Um When did you start using it?
SPEAKER_R: Like two weeks ago I think. Yeah, I just I had heard about mturk for a while um and I guess I should say so my job is only part time. Um So I'm like, I don't know, open to other ways of earning money and I had heard about entered, but like, I don't know, it seems not that fun or like it would take a lot of work to like make much money from it. And then when I heard about political was like, oh that's supposed to be like, I don't know, more forgiving to people taking surveys and stuff and like you can earn more money from doing that. Um And so far I've been enjoying it, it's fun for the most part.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I did um mturk for a while, but uh oh you just have to be, I used it for a while, but I found uh just having sinking time into it wasn't worth the money you were getting out of it. Unless you had, they talked about using uh like scripts or some applications to help you out. And I'm just that's not my alley of expertise. So then I looked at profile if IQ and I I like profile. If it because you just accept the ones you can take and you know, since you already have to answer a whole bunch of questions when you sign up for it, it's you don't have to answer as many background questions.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Makes sense. So when you were a substitute teacher, are you do you do that for a particular subject or are you like do you have to be general when you're a substitute? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: uh substitute if it's for a position that's less than two weeks, they'll accept anyone. So I I've done uh our motive tech to welding to uh kindergarten classes. I have
SPEAKER_R: Call
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: it what you
SPEAKER_L: I've had many different experiences in many different classrooms. Okay. I
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: um I go through a sub substitute teacher agency, so um a lot of the smaller schools will hire them to vet substitute teachers and put out jobs for the day. So I use uh sub central. Uh huh. And that's how I pick and choose my jobs.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so you have like selection of which ones you want to do?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Um Have you ever, let's say have you ever used like Uber or anything like that for driving? There's an there's an app for it. Yeah. Where you can uh see what jobs you want to pick up what the subject is, what teacher you're covering for. So it's it's really nice.
SPEAKER_R: it sounds like that's pretty different than what I had in my mind. I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: what do what were you thinking?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, just like you get a phone call from your boss and they tell you like where you're going for the day or something like that?
SPEAKER_L: Well, see I had one catholic school where they had a substitute calling list and they would just literally called down the list usually around 6:00 AM, see if anyone could come in, if a teacher called in for the day, I'd say more schools have turned to um moving stuff online just because you have a bigger pool of candidates and it's just a lot easier for people to see the details of the job. But very rarely do I have schools call me directly. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That only happens when um I have substituted for a certain teacher and they want me to pick up the job for him. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Are there particular subjects that or I guess like ages that you would look for or like that you would prefer to do?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yes, I. Mhm. I'm qualified to uh uh for about you. Okay, you have a substitute license and then you have a teaching license for grade levels and uh subjects. So my experiences in secondary education. So I like middle school in high school but I don't mind teaching elementary. So uh what do you do as a did you say research assistant?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty much. Um so the idea is like, I mean it could really be a lot of different things, but like so um like in the structure of the lap that I work in, so there's like the principal investigators who were like the people who have phds and are like professors at the university and they are the ones who like decide what research projects we want to do. Um Then there's kind of a scattered arrangement of other people with various levels of qualifications. I just have a bachelor's degree. Um But there are other people who like have phds who are kind of more involved in developing the I guess higher level planning for the research project, but they can anything that they need somebody to do that like either takes too much time or um is too boring for them to like want to do, they can have me or somebody who's like at my position help out with. Um So like the simplest thing is like when we have, when we are running experiments, I'll be the one who like meets the participant at the building and then like shows them up and like explains like what we're doing for the study and then is like I don't know with them while they're doing this study and for the for the love that I mean we do experiments with related to speech. So we'll have people like wearing a microphone and like saying certain words and we're like recording them while they're saying that. Um So yeah so that's like one side of things that I do, the other side is like right now we're not running any people through experiments because we can't we're not allowed to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you doing any online ones? Our
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: video like that what we're doing now,
SPEAKER_R: so they want to get stuff set up for that and that's how I found out about prolific as they were like okay like oh my God what are we gonna do? We need to like find some way to like be able to run experiments even not in person. Um So when they were like talking about prolific as they go, okay, that's what I like to look into that myself. So they're they're looking at that, it sounds like it's it's kind of a, I think like once you kind of have the process going of like how to um
SPEAKER_L: How to actually do it then? It's not too bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but like starting from starting from zero is it sounds like it's kind of challenging for for the person who's working on trying to get that stuff sorted out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can uh I can understand that. I'm working on a master's degree right now. So you have to do uh your own piece of original research. So I understand having to uh not build everything from scratch but trying something completely new that you haven't done before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What are like um what degree are you going after and what's your research? Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I am getting a masters in library science. So basically become a school librarian because you need a teaching license for that. I got my teaching license. So uh then you need a masters degree to get your endorsement in library science and my research. I'm doing it on graphic novels and seeing what similarities and differences protagonists have in graphic novels. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I for a time I was like between jobs um and during that time I was working part time at a at a library in a town near me. Um This is like a level one page so I was like shelving shelving stuff.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: The old.
SPEAKER_L: were doing all the grunt work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It was it was really fun though um like I don't know everybody that I worked with at the library was like you know so nice as nice as you would expect a librarian to be. Um And was it was very low stress, like we had like a pretty good volume of people like using a library and stuff. So it was like an active, active space. But we were like appropriately staffed with how many people we had. So there was never like concerns at least that like trickle down to me of like you know like we need to make sure we're like doing this much on your shift or anything. It was just like yeah, you know like make sure you can are like working the whole time that you're here. Um But I was able to like listen to podcasts for most of the time if I was like sorting stuff um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: that's what I did during my uh college years getting my bachelor's degree, I worked as basically they called the assistant library, invited exactly the same thing you did, but in the college setting I listened to a lot of radio shows. What did you listen to?
SPEAKER_R: Um Let's see, I listened to, there was one philosophy podcast that I started listening to while I was there. Um It's called Very Bad Wizards. Um So it's like a, I don't know, contemporary philosophy things, so they would like um it's like just two professors chatting, so like they'll talk about like some current events that's happening. Um And then they'll often talk about like some research journal article or like some book or movie. Pretty I don't know an informal discussion about, I don't know, just like moral issues and things like that. Um Sounds really, Yeah, I think I started listening to that while I was there because I needed more stuff to listen to. Yeah. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: Where did you find out about your podcast from like, do you have a certain source? You go to our recommendations?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am. Um I don't know. I guess. I'm not sure what I would generally say for that in this case it was a recommendation from another philosophy, podcast oils and to actually um So like the very bad wizards is like very informal and it's just like two dudes like sitting down and just chatting. Um The other podcast is like in the style like an NPR broadcast. Um and it's like very like structured and scripted and um I don't know, it's great, but like because it takes so much work, they only like put out like an episode, well I guess they do an episode of weak, but they only do like eight episodes a year or something. Like they do seasons.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's not a lot
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I can understand why.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, it takes a lot of time to put together stuff like that. I would imagine. Do you listen to podcasts or like what were the radio shows you listen to?
SPEAKER_L: Oh for podcasts uh usually whatever, I don't catch uh live on public radio, I like listening to a lot of that stuff like uh okay, I'm trying to think of it, it's like all things considered and uh
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: they have
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: like a science show. I I really like listening to that. They also have uh education Tuesday and education thursday right now, so talking about different subjects and uh radio shows I like to listen to
SPEAKER_R: Over
SPEAKER_L: um back when I was in college, I discovered old time radio shows, so I found uh I think it's a public domain website, I think it's the internet archive, that's what it was, that's where I downloaded a whole bunch of Old radio shows. I got into the Superman one and I got into uh the Shadow uh also Green hornet. And look, I still listen to
SPEAKER_R: needed.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of Green hornet and a lone ranger,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Does that stuff hold up? Because I mean I've heard of like lone ranger and I didn't know they were like superhero ones, but like would you recommend that as like, I think that's still worth listening to like is it still good?
SPEAKER_L: I would say the superman ones are pretty good, and the early Shadow stuff, because the Early shadow stuff was it was it was a drama but as everything kind the shadow was uh an early superhero and
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: as it kind of went on it got they added comic relief then it turned more into a comedy than a drama. So it really just depends on uh what show you listen to. They also had Fantastic four as a radio show to. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they only did it for gosh maybe like 10 episodes. But it's it's definitely interesting because it's a it really is a blast from the past.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, like I think of that stuff as being from like the like 30s and 40s, but I guess it must have gone longer than that to if it has like that many superheroes. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it went it went into I'd say the Late 60s at least. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I guess it was just like, we'll probably just preference, but because I mean tv would have been around, but I guess it was cheaper or maybe people still thought it was better to just have the radio show instead. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Well as uh Tv got more and more popular a bunch of radio shows uh jump shift and shifted onto tv such as let's see Gun smoke a lot of soap operas. They started on radio and then went to T. V.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Also let's say bonanza perry mason as a radio show. Yeah that's a go
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: ahead. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: No, that's that's really, I didn't know there was stuff that like transition like that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah I really went down the rabbit hole when I was in uh college because I was just looking at uh public domain websites. Just you know it's like oh hey look at all this interesting old stuff. I found radios and then radio stuff and then went on from there. It really it really is an interesting piece of history. Do you have anything that you would like to talk about? Like an interesting subject that you don't get a lot of people that want to listen to it or you don't get to talk about it a lot?
SPEAKER_R: Oh man, I don't know um what? I don't think so. Do you have something in mind that you want to wanted to bring out?
SPEAKER_L: No no not really.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. It sounds like you have some, some cats in the background, is that right?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I've got a cat maisie she's uh
SPEAKER_R: mm,
SPEAKER_L: tabby cat. I
SPEAKER_R: long have you?
SPEAKER_L: have I live on a farm and I have one house cat and several outside cats.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Do you like do you own the farm or like do you do you work on it as well?
SPEAKER_L: it's more of a hobby farm. We used to have a whole bunch of cows and uh raise calves but
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: we had to sell them off earlier this year because we had a whole bunch of calves die off and it we lost so many calves we could uh keep the herd and be able to sustain them for next year. So we just have uh the one cow with her calf because she was uh she was the first one we ever got for the herd. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Did did the calves like get sick or did something happen in particular?
SPEAKER_L: the Cavs got sick from a really quick acting pneumonia and
SPEAKER_R: Hope.
SPEAKER_L: the calves were vaccinated for a different type of pneumonia. This one they're vaccine didn't protect them from it. And this was just one bad year that was on top of a bet. Already bad year because we had some mother cows that had a calf, but they didn't live for very long.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Do you live with, is there anyone else that lives with you right now? And I guess do you have like a, I don't know, is it a house on the farm that you're living in? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, it is a house, I uh live with my sister and she's home from college right now. And uh when when I say farm, it's it's uh there's a house, there's uh two acre pasture, there's uh used to be an old hog farm. Mhm. Mhm. And then whenever my dad owns land, so I pasture the cows over there, so basically you pay for the hay and the feed. But I got I got free free access to land through my dad because he's also a farmer. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Culture, man. Yeah, I I know very little about that my, when I was growing up, I just left with my parents and um a house in the suburbs and then um mhm. When I was in college I like Lipton um the dorms. And then since then I've lived in an apartment um with roommates, so being, being out where you can't even have a cow is like pretty far from like the experience that I used to I suppose.
SPEAKER_L: and that's and what you described as a completely foreign experience to me,
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: the only time I ever lived in town was while I was in college, I've lived in the dorms. It's such a weird experience for me. What's it like living in um urban setting your whole life?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, it's just normal I guess. Um Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: feel like you have some sense of contrast because you've like lived in both at least for some amount of time. But yeah, I don't have that thing to compare against.
SPEAKER_L: that might be something if you're going for a doctor, that might be something you want to study. Like how a rural or urban setting can affect a person's perspective.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, like were you so when you were in college I guess when you were like finishing up where you did you want to end up like in a bless urban setting? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh um it's mostly expected here in Iowa, the whole state is mostly rural school districts with um, some urban like there you have Iowa city, you have seen rapid, you have uh, de Moines is, that's the big urban urban city. But it's even compared to other states, it's still, it's still not a big city. I'm not very sure with um, the geography in Wisconsin. I know Wisconsin had, you know, it's the dairy capital of the, of the United States, so I'm not sure if yours is, you are similar to Iowa but I'd have to assume some of it's pretty similar.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I would, I would think so. I I speak hesitatingly because I um I grew up in the like Atlanta area in Georgia um and I moved to Madison Wisconsin for her work after finishing college, So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: so you haven't been there? Oh, I made, I made the assumption that you were born and raised there because I've been raised and born in Iowa. So uh let me ask about what is it like living in three different states?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know, it's, it's not a big deal for me I suppose like my my parents were both born in the south, not in Georgia in different states and then they like moved around some for work, like they lived in Ohio for like a year and then in south Carolina for like two years, then they moved to to Georgia when they were getting ready to have kids and I stayed there since um but like my sister went to a different state for college, she's older than me and she went to a different state for college and then um yeah, so by the time I was like, you know, moving out and like getting a full time job and stuff, it was like, not, not surprisingly my parents are like, and not weird for me to be like moving to a different state for that. Uh Yeah, I don't know, it's I think like it's in some ways tough being far away from my parents, like I'm planning a trip to go see them, but it's like it has to be this whole big process because I'm driving like halfway across the country. Um But um yeah, I mean most of the friends that I made in college and stuff, they also have moved to various other parts of the country. So like even if I were to stay in Georgia where my parents are like, I wouldn't know very many other people there
SPEAKER_L: Do you see yourself settling down? It's Wisconsin or do you feel like you're gonna move somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: probably move somewhere else, like the job that I moved here for, I don't work there anymore. Um And so the main thing that's keeping me here is just circumstance like I already live here and I was able and now I have another job and I'm not really looking to yeah. Uh move across the country right now. I guess the whole coronavirus situation. Um But I would be surprised if I ended up staying in Wisconsin for another like, you know, three or four years I'll probably live before then. Do you think that you will like be in Iowa for most of the rest of your life? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: At least for the next 10 years or so. Uh plan is uh I'm a substitute teacher. I'm hoping to get a full time position. Uh This morning I just got an interview for a teacher librarian position. So uh yeah I'll stay here hopefully get hey another job uh this one's in the local area. But um I might move somewhere else in the state just because this is where I'm qualified and um sometimes it's a pain in the butt to get your license transferred to another state because even though you're qualified to teach in Iowa, some states have different requirements. So yeah, I do plan to stay here for the long run, but I would not mind moving to a different
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: state just to experience something different or just finding like a summer project or something. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Well, I've got some stuff that I need to do and like at four o'clock and I don't want to save time for the survey and stuff, so.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And uh I think, let me, Yep, we have, we have talked for over 25 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Um All right. So, I think
SPEAKER_L: I think what you
SPEAKER_R: seven.
SPEAKER_L: can do, all you have to do is uh close out of the video tab and then go to your first window and take the survey from there.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. All right. Well, it's been fun talking. I'm glad we were able to um Don't hang out. Get to know each other some.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sorry, my uh my web cam wasn't working.
SPEAKER_R: It's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was nice meeting you and I uh wish you luck in the future and hopefully you make a more
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thanks. Same to you.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.