Okay. Harry. Hello. Mm Yeah, I can see your video but I think your mic is off. I am mm I don't know why my video isn't working because I can turn my microphone on but I don't know why. Uh huh. Do you do you know of any way to turn the video on? How is that working? Okay. Mm. Are you okay just talking over audio?
Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Right. So what do you do for a living?
Yes, I can hear you.
Yeah.
Oh I was a substitute teacher but now with COVID-19, I've been working full time at Walmart because that was my second job for insurance and everything,
so. Yeah.
Oh sorry um my name is uh Danielle and I'm around 27 years old. I've got uh brown hair and uh blue eyes
and
26. Okay so you're just a year younger than me? Yeah. Mhm.
Right. I live in Iowa,
Wisconsin. Okay, so you're just a state over.
Yes I did. Uh Let's see um I want to say maybe november of last year. Um When did you start using it?
Yeah. Yeah, I did um mturk for a while, but uh oh you just have to be, I used it for a while, but I found uh just having sinking time into it wasn't worth the money you were getting out of it. Unless you had, they talked about using uh like scripts or some applications to help you out. And I'm just that's not my alley of expertise. So then I looked at profile if IQ and I I like profile. If it because you just accept the ones you can take and you know, since you already have to answer a whole bunch of questions when you sign up for it, it's you don't have to answer as many background questions.
uh substitute if it's for a position that's less than two weeks, they'll accept anyone. So I I've done uh our motive tech to welding to uh kindergarten classes. I have
had
I've had many different experiences in many different classrooms. Okay. I
um I go through a sub substitute teacher agency, so um a lot of the smaller schools will hire them to vet substitute teachers and put out jobs for the day. So I use uh sub central. Uh huh. And that's how I pick and choose my jobs.
Yes. Um Have you ever, let's say have you ever used like Uber or anything like that for driving? There's an there's an app for it. Yeah. Where you can uh see what jobs you want to pick up what the subject is, what teacher you're covering for. So it's it's really nice.
what do what were you thinking?
Well, see I had one catholic school where they had a substitute calling list and they would just literally called down the list usually around 6:00 AM, see if anyone could come in, if a teacher called in for the day, I'd say more schools have turned to um moving stuff online just because you have a bigger pool of candidates and it's just a lot easier for people to see the details of the job. But very rarely do I have schools call me directly. Uh
That only happens when um I have substituted for a certain teacher and they want me to pick up the job for him. Mhm.
Okay. Yes, I. Mhm. I'm qualified to uh uh for about you. Okay, you have a substitute license and then you have a teaching license for grade levels and uh subjects. So my experiences in secondary education. So I like middle school in high school but I don't mind teaching elementary. So uh what do you do as a did you say research assistant?
Yeah. Are you doing any online ones? Our
video like that what we're doing now,
How to actually do it then? It's not too bad. Yeah.
I can uh I can understand that. I'm working on a master's degree right now. So you have to do uh your own piece of original research. So I understand having to uh not build everything from scratch but trying something completely new that you haven't done before.
I am getting a masters in library science. So basically become a school librarian because you need a teaching license for that. I got my teaching license. So uh then you need a masters degree to get your endorsement in library science and my research. I'm doing it on graphic novels and seeing what similarities and differences protagonists have in graphic novels. Uh huh.
you
were doing all the grunt work? Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah that's
that's what I did during my uh college years getting my bachelor's degree, I worked as basically they called the assistant library, invited exactly the same thing you did, but in the college setting I listened to a lot of radio shows. What did you listen to?
Where did you find out about your podcast from like, do you have a certain source? You go to our recommendations?
Yeah, that's not a lot
I can understand why.
Oh for podcasts uh usually whatever, I don't catch uh live on public radio, I like listening to a lot of that stuff like uh okay, I'm trying to think of it, it's like all things considered and uh
they have
like a science show. I I really like listening to that. They also have uh education Tuesday and education thursday right now, so talking about different subjects and uh radio shows I like to listen to
um back when I was in college, I discovered old time radio shows, so I found uh I think it's a public domain website, I think it's the internet archive, that's what it was, that's where I downloaded a whole bunch of Old radio shows. I got into the Superman one and I got into uh the Shadow uh also Green hornet. And look, I still listen to
a lot of Green hornet and a lone ranger,
I would say the superman ones are pretty good, and the early Shadow stuff, because the Early shadow stuff was it was it was a drama but as everything kind the shadow was uh an early superhero and
as it kind of went on it got they added comic relief then it turned more into a comedy than a drama. So it really just depends on uh what show you listen to. They also had Fantastic four as a radio show to. Yeah
they only did it for gosh maybe like 10 episodes. But it's it's definitely interesting because it's a it really is a blast from the past.
Yeah it went it went into I'd say the Late 60s at least. Yeah
Well as uh Tv got more and more popular a bunch of radio shows uh jump shift and shifted onto tv such as let's see Gun smoke a lot of soap operas. They started on radio and then went to T. V.
Also let's say bonanza perry mason as a radio show. Yeah that's a go
ahead. Sorry.
Uh huh. Yeah I really went down the rabbit hole when I was in uh college because I was just looking at uh public domain websites. Just you know it's like oh hey look at all this interesting old stuff. I found radios and then radio stuff and then went on from there. It really it really is an interesting piece of history. Do you have anything that you would like to talk about? Like an interesting subject that you don't get a lot of people that want to listen to it or you don't get to talk about it a lot?
No no not really.
Yes I've got a cat maisie she's uh
tabby cat. I
have I live on a farm and I have one house cat and several outside cats.
it's more of a hobby farm. We used to have a whole bunch of cows and uh raise calves but
we had to sell them off earlier this year because we had a whole bunch of calves die off and it we lost so many calves we could uh keep the herd and be able to sustain them for next year. So we just have uh the one cow with her calf because she was uh she was the first one we ever got for the herd. Okay
the Cavs got sick from a really quick acting pneumonia and
the calves were vaccinated for a different type of pneumonia. This one they're vaccine didn't protect them from it. And this was just one bad year that was on top of a bet. Already bad year because we had some mother cows that had a calf, but they didn't live for very long.
Yes, it is a house, I uh live with my sister and she's home from college right now. And uh when when I say farm, it's it's uh there's a house, there's uh two acre pasture, there's uh used to be an old hog farm. Mhm. Mhm. And then whenever my dad owns land, so I pasture the cows over there, so basically you pay for the hay and the feed. But I got I got free free access to land through my dad because he's also a farmer. Oh
and that's and what you described as a completely foreign experience to me,
the only time I ever lived in town was while I was in college, I've lived in the dorms. It's such a weird experience for me. What's it like living in um urban setting your whole life?
Because
that might be something if you're going for a doctor, that might be something you want to study. Like how a rural or urban setting can affect a person's perspective.
Oh um it's mostly expected here in Iowa, the whole state is mostly rural school districts with um, some urban like there you have Iowa city, you have seen rapid, you have uh, de Moines is, that's the big urban urban city. But it's even compared to other states, it's still, it's still not a big city. I'm not very sure with um, the geography in Wisconsin. I know Wisconsin had, you know, it's the dairy capital of the, of the United States, so I'm not sure if yours is, you are similar to Iowa but I'd have to assume some of it's pretty similar.
so you haven't been there? Oh, I made, I made the assumption that you were born and raised there because I've been raised and born in Iowa. So uh let me ask about what is it like living in three different states?
Do you see yourself settling down? It's Wisconsin or do you feel like you're gonna move somewhere else?
At least for the next 10 years or so. Uh plan is uh I'm a substitute teacher. I'm hoping to get a full time position. Uh This morning I just got an interview for a teacher librarian position. So uh yeah I'll stay here hopefully get hey another job uh this one's in the local area. But um I might move somewhere else in the state just because this is where I'm qualified and um sometimes it's a pain in the butt to get your license transferred to another state because even though you're qualified to teach in Iowa, some states have different requirements. So yeah, I do plan to stay here for the long run, but I would not mind moving to a different
state just to experience something different or just finding like a summer project or something. Yeah,
yep. And uh I think, let me, Yep, we have, we have talked for over 25 minutes. Yeah.
Mm.
I think what you
can do, all you have to do is uh close out of the video tab and then go to your first window and take the survey from there.
Yeah. Sorry, my uh my web cam wasn't working.
Yeah, it was nice meeting you and I uh wish you luck in the future and hopefully you make a more
money.
Bye.