Yeah. Are you able to hear me?
Are you still labeled? Can you hear me at all right now?
okay. Great. Well um uh Yeah, I worked in a research lab with the university. So as part of that, I do some programming for them and then paid also like help out when we like have participants come in to like take research studies. Um I will like block the participant through like what what we're doing for the experiment and stuff. Um
Less so doing that now. We're not like having people come into the lab I guess. But um Yeah. What do you do
question?
Oh and sorry, my name is chris by the way.
Cool. I'm
26.
I don't know how, I don't know guarded. You want to be with your personal information? Like where do you live?
Okay. I live in Wisconsin.
Yeah. It's funny. When did you start using prolific or I assume that you've got this study through prolific. Is that right?
Like two weeks ago I think. Yeah, I just I had heard about mturk for a while um and I guess I should say so my job is only part time. Um So I'm like, I don't know, open to other ways of earning money and I had heard about entered, but like, I don't know, it seems not that fun or like it would take a lot of work to like make much money from it. And then when I heard about political was like, oh that's supposed to be like, I don't know, more forgiving to people taking surveys and stuff and like you can earn more money from doing that. Um And so far I've been enjoying it, it's fun for the most part.
Mhm. Makes sense. So when you were a substitute teacher, are you do you do that for a particular subject or are you like do you have to be general when you're a substitute? Okay,
Call
it what you
mm.
Oh, so you have like selection of which ones you want to do?
it sounds like that's pretty different than what I had in my mind. I don't know,
I don't know, just like you get a phone call from your boss and they tell you like where you're going for the day or something like that?
Yeah.
Are there particular subjects that or I guess like ages that you would look for or like that you would prefer to do?
Yeah, pretty much. Um so the idea is like, I mean it could really be a lot of different things, but like so um like in the structure of the lap that I work in, so there's like the principal investigators who were like the people who have phds and are like professors at the university and they are the ones who like decide what research projects we want to do. Um Then there's kind of a scattered arrangement of other people with various levels of qualifications. I just have a bachelor's degree. Um But there are other people who like have phds who are kind of more involved in developing the I guess higher level planning for the research project, but they can anything that they need somebody to do that like either takes too much time or um is too boring for them to like want to do, they can have me or somebody who's like at my position help out with. Um So like the simplest thing is like when we have, when we are running experiments, I'll be the one who like meets the participant at the building and then like shows them up and like explains like what we're doing for the study and then is like I don't know with them while they're doing this study and for the for the love that I mean we do experiments with related to speech. So we'll have people like wearing a microphone and like saying certain words and we're like recording them while they're saying that. Um So yeah so that's like one side of things that I do, the other side is like right now we're not running any people through experiments because we can't we're not allowed to
we're
so they want to get stuff set up for that and that's how I found out about prolific as they were like okay like oh my God what are we gonna do? We need to like find some way to like be able to run experiments even not in person. Um So when they were like talking about prolific as they go, okay, that's what I like to look into that myself. So they're they're looking at that, it sounds like it's it's kind of a, I think like once you kind of have the process going of like how to um
but like starting from starting from zero is it sounds like it's kind of challenging for for the person who's working on trying to get that stuff sorted out. Yeah.
Yeah. What are like um what degree are you going after and what's your research? Mhm. Mhm.
I for a time I was like between jobs um and during that time I was working part time at a at a library in a town near me. Um This is like a level one page so I was like shelving shelving stuff.
The old.
It was it was really fun though um like I don't know everybody that I worked with at the library was like you know so nice as nice as you would expect a librarian to be. Um And was it was very low stress, like we had like a pretty good volume of people like using a library and stuff. So it was like an active, active space. But we were like appropriately staffed with how many people we had. So there was never like concerns at least that like trickle down to me of like you know like we need to make sure we're like doing this much on your shift or anything. It was just like yeah, you know like make sure you can are like working the whole time that you're here. Um But I was able to like listen to podcasts for most of the time if I was like sorting stuff um
Oh
pretty
Um Let's see, I listened to, there was one philosophy podcast that I started listening to while I was there. Um It's called Very Bad Wizards. Um So it's like a, I don't know, contemporary philosophy things, so they would like um it's like just two professors chatting, so like they'll talk about like some current events that's happening. Um And then they'll often talk about like some research journal article or like some book or movie. Pretty I don't know an informal discussion about, I don't know, just like moral issues and things like that. Um Sounds really, Yeah, I think I started listening to that while I was there because I needed more stuff to listen to. Yeah. Yeah. Um
Yeah, I am. Um I don't know. I guess. I'm not sure what I would generally say for that in this case it was a recommendation from another philosophy, podcast oils and to actually um So like the very bad wizards is like very informal and it's just like two dudes like sitting down and just chatting. Um The other podcast is like in the style like an NPR broadcast. Um and it's like very like structured and scripted and um I don't know, it's great, but like because it takes so much work, they only like put out like an episode, well I guess they do an episode of weak, but they only do like eight episodes a year or something. Like they do seasons.
No.
Yeah, yeah, it takes a lot of time to put together stuff like that. I would imagine. Do you listen to podcasts or like what were the radio shows you listen to?
come
on.
Over
needed.
Yeah. Does that stuff hold up? Because I mean I've heard of like lone ranger and I didn't know they were like superhero ones, but like would you recommend that as like, I think that's still worth listening to like is it still good?
Look
Mhm.
Okay. Yeah, like I think of that stuff as being from like the like 30s and 40s, but I guess it must have gone longer than that to if it has like that many superheroes. Right,
Uh huh. I guess it was just like, we'll probably just preference, but because I mean tv would have been around, but I guess it was cheaper or maybe people still thought it was better to just have the radio show instead. That's interesting.
interesting.
good.
No, that's that's really, I didn't know there was stuff that like transition like that.
Oh man, I don't know um what? I don't think so. Do you have something in mind that you want to wanted to bring out?
Uh huh. It sounds like you have some, some cats in the background, is that right?
mm,
long have you?
Okay. Yeah. Do you like do you own the farm or like do you do you work on it as well?
Bye.
Okay. Did did the calves like get sick or did something happen in particular?
Hope.
Mhm. Do you live with, is there anyone else that lives with you right now? And I guess do you have like a, I don't know, is it a house on the farm that you're living in? Okay.
Culture, man. Yeah, I I know very little about that my, when I was growing up, I just left with my parents and um a house in the suburbs and then um mhm. When I was in college I like Lipton um the dorms. And then since then I've lived in an apartment um with roommates, so being, being out where you can't even have a cow is like pretty far from like the experience that I used to I suppose.
Hey?
I don't know, it's just normal I guess. Um Yeah, I
feel like you have some sense of contrast because you've like lived in both at least for some amount of time. But yeah, I don't have that thing to compare against.
Uh Yeah, like were you so when you were in college I guess when you were like finishing up where you did you want to end up like in a bless urban setting? Okay.
Yeah, I think I would, I would think so. I I speak hesitatingly because I um I grew up in the like Atlanta area in Georgia um and I moved to Madison Wisconsin for her work after finishing college, So. Uh huh.
Yeah, I don't know, it's, it's not a big deal for me I suppose like my my parents were both born in the south, not in Georgia in different states and then they like moved around some for work, like they lived in Ohio for like a year and then in south Carolina for like two years, then they moved to to Georgia when they were getting ready to have kids and I stayed there since um but like my sister went to a different state for college, she's older than me and she went to a different state for college and then um yeah, so by the time I was like, you know, moving out and like getting a full time job and stuff, it was like, not, not surprisingly my parents are like, and not weird for me to be like moving to a different state for that. Uh Yeah, I don't know, it's I think like it's in some ways tough being far away from my parents, like I'm planning a trip to go see them, but it's like it has to be this whole big process because I'm driving like halfway across the country. Um But um yeah, I mean most of the friends that I made in college and stuff, they also have moved to various other parts of the country. So like even if I were to stay in Georgia where my parents are like, I wouldn't know very many other people there
probably move somewhere else, like the job that I moved here for, I don't work there anymore. Um And so the main thing that's keeping me here is just circumstance like I already live here and I was able and now I have another job and I'm not really looking to yeah. Uh move across the country right now. I guess the whole coronavirus situation. Um But I would be surprised if I ended up staying in Wisconsin for another like, you know, three or four years I'll probably live before then. Do you think that you will like be in Iowa for most of the rest of your life? Mhm.
me.
Cool. Well, I've got some stuff that I need to do and like at four o'clock and I don't want to save time for the survey and stuff, so.
Cool.
Um All right. So, I think
seven.
Cool. All right. Well, it's been fun talking. I'm glad we were able to um Don't hang out. Get to know each other some.
It's okay.
Mhm.
Yeah. Thanks. Same to you.