Mhm. Hey what's up?
I'm good, what's your name?
Haley. I'm James good
to meet you. Where you from?
Jordan. How's
it down there? I'm up in new york
and what
is
it called? A
what's
warm to you? Because you probably have a difference of opinion of warm
75. That's that's pretty more that's not bad.
well I guess it's warm for here too like you think it be snowing right now but it's like I don't know it was like almost 60 today.
me just like what are you doing? You've been there your whole life
to?
right right. You ever bet on a
what?
what do you like it better?
What
is reacting there? Yeah what attracts you to there?
How
long was your trip there?
Two weeks. So you got a good feel then you're there a while
got
you?
Yeah I've always lived here I mean we we've travelled a lot though like my when I first started dating my girlfriend a pilot years ago she never traveled anywhere and I'd always traveled independently on my own or with friends. Right? So I've been here and there. But I mean since we started dating we've just been everywhere. So
I mean
what's up?
Oh that's a bad so dependent you're looking for. Right? So if you want like something that is and this is obviously pre covid right?
Because I don't know what prices are now or even if you can go anywhere.
Right. Exactly. I'm sure they will take you to but you know I don't know if you could get back in either that might be an issue.
Yes. Exactly. So what I was going to say is like if you want something that was super cheap, we used to deal hunting like I initially taught her how to do it. This is like five years ago, right? But after a while she was the one that we would do it. But anyway, she got this one deal and I think we paid like $600 for like 10 days down in the Dominican and it was like all inclusive. So all you could eat all you can drink with airfare.
So
So I mean did you think about it like I could eat and drink that in a day like you know?
Right. It wasn't bad either. Like didn't get sick. You know, it had good reviews like we had a good time. So I mean it depends what you're looking for. But I mean that's that's not everybody's thing, right? Because it's obviously much warmer and a lot of people are like some people are drinkers. Some people are just depends what you're looking for. But
I mean
for that one money, What's that?
As long
as you like the weather I guess. Right. And I mean most people do, there's some people that don't. So I mean for most people
because I mean it was like multiple pools, it was like a beach, you know, there was like so much stuff to do.
So
yeah. Yeah. So we always deal one and it sucked because we had this one trip we were gonna go to Jamaica with like four other couples. Right? We're going to do it this year before they all like you have to pay for weddings and get married and do all that thing. Right? Um And so we had it all books and everybody was in on it and we got it for reasonably cheap. I think it was like 800 for seven days. So it wasn't too bad. Not as good as our other one, but I mean, what are you gonna do?
Right, right. But it was still all inclusive. So it was way better than most trips you think? Right, Price wise. So we had it all books and then obviously Covid hit. And so we were so bummed because we couldn't do it.
Hell yeah, it would have been so fun. And now one of them, one of the couples that like, it's great and we're happy for him, but like, they're getting married and now they have no money for next year. So I'm like, I'm like, man,
we're going to do it. What's
that?
yeah, we got everything back. Like we had to like, you know how companies are like, you had to like push the envelope, we need to call them and tell them they're terrible company and you know you have to basically threaten them and then they say, oh well I guess we'll do this. And that's probably actually their protocol. Right?
Which
Right. Exactly. Because I mean they're all companies, not all companies like amazon is getting rich, right? But most companies are just bleeding money right
now,
especially
like travel companies. So I kind of get it, but it's still like terribly unethical, like do a human being to like do that to them. So
So I mean
you just kind of had to do like your homework and figure out like how to do it and what to say your
most moment is you can get your money back.
So they give you like credit or something?
more
So that
that's
Yeah they initially did that with us like that same thing. They're like well we'll give you this and you have to get the same ticket and you can use at any time within I think a year was what they
told
us.
Yeah and I remember what she did. I let her handle it. She's I'm a little more tactful. She's a little more emotional and so you know sometimes it works though right? So
I
let her
call
up
being
at
home. Yeah. Yeah and she's and she went and screamed at him and it worked like they gave us everything back. I don't remember the airline but anyways like like sometimes you really have to go to that level and you know I'm I'm glad she did do that because we would have been out quite a bit of money because it was like all in one package too like it wasn't just the airfare you know it was quite a bit
What?
I know and like like that year thing that's that's such crap right? It's
like
like if and when this thing is going to end,
if
I know.
So like how can you like have that kind of policy?
Absolutely.
Yeah I mean nobody alive today, well I mean there might be like very few people right like there's 100 people have seen like the last time was happened it was like 100 years ago
wasn't
it?
Exactly. Exactly. So like nobody has any experience in this you
know?
we're
Yeah. Not at this point
we're too you like travel to rush.
Oh absolutely and the thing is to like I have a lot of friends like they don't travel and like sometimes you really get a lot of you have better perspective if it's in your face. I mean we have so much communication right? And so we have all of these points of contact and all of these perspectives and all the stuff that we can get. But it's a different thing when you're like literally in Jamaica and you went on this this excursion and your four wheeler with your tour group, like a group of four wheelers stops in this village and these guys are in something that like you think of a five year old buildings afford is like a you know what I mean? To play in like that's their house,
it really
it's
moon
Yeah, it gives you perspective in life too. You know you come back and you're like, man, that isn't so bad that I have to go and replace my phone because I lost it. You know what I mean? Like something that would be a travesty to either. That would feed that dude for a year over there on my phone. So maybe he found it. Maybe he's eating for a year. You know, like you have
like these perspectives and I don't know who teaches you things about life.
Yeah. Like a spring break thing.
Where in Mexico?
You
guys?
Right. You're not worried about like life or death or
you
know,
you got your basics are covered. No matter what, Whether your car is broken down or not. You know, you just get off your phone and whatever. Right?
It's just money.
Just time,
Right? You could have done something.
That's true,
That's true.
travels a fun thing.
So what do you do with Covid and everything? How has your life changed?
Get
Whatever does whatever suits you, you know?
exactly.
I mean,
it's everywhere it and people are very self serving to Yeah,
like, like alcohol is the worst thing because what happens when you drink, right, you get closer to people, whether you're like, cognizant of it or not, you subconsciously do.
exactly. Right. The actual act of that, you know, just doing it itself is, you know, putting you and everybody else more at risk.
terrible,
we don't,
like that's that's something else
because I mean, it's a I don't know, it's a health issue, so you kind of have to follow what makes sense. You know, you kind of got to follow the science, that's my perspective
on
it.
Yeah. And I don't have too many people that argue with me on it because topics of confrontation are super sensitive in our modern society. But I do hear these stories like you said that and honestly you don't see it even here, like there's not too many places that do that because like they've been shut down places that will do that. Like they're very active against that. Especially if you're blinking like that, like just the middle finger sign as I'll call
it
what
it is,
Your here's my side, please, cops come, it must me. Yeah.
No, well yeah, that's that's different like here, okay, so I'm six hours from new york city, which most people don't understand, like that's how big new york is, right? So I'm here like here, like I can run down there in a quarter mile over there is like harry. So anyways, like in New york city, like tons of bars I heard we're just getting shut down. Like weren't complying with it, which, you know, I totally agree with, but at the same time, like we just had something that was released just today, starting on friday. We can have no more than 10 people gather. I don't know where you guys are at, but like, how are they going to enforce that?
You know? Yeah,
it's up to 10. It used to be, it was 25 then before it was 50 like, we were super lax because new york was like the one of the safe states, right? It was like one of the ones that, you know, supposedly had the lowest, but like, you spiked like incredibly lately. So he's trying to do something. I feel that people are so lax now in his thanksgiving
that they're going to like, you know, they're not going to follow it
well.
I know. I know. And being one table crowded around and then pass me the dish. Right?
Right now you're passing the food in front of people's faces and then taking some, putting it on your plate, ingesting it
and passing it to the next
guy. It's, yeah, it's just a big recipe for disaster. And like any smart person obviously has realized the cases are going to split drastically.
I know
like you see all those studies to have like places that have external only, like for restaurants versus places that are indoors and like indoors, it's way more because like circulated air, I'm guessing, you know? And so you're going to have that more, Especially here where it could snow any week like
Right. And then like what's that? Do you know? People like here when it snows, people drink, it's like drinking culture because like what else you're gonna do? Right.
And so that's what people do and I don't care how old you are. That's what you do because there's nothing else to do. And so I mean it's just, this is just the season for it despite ultra hard. Like that's just what I see,
unfortunately.
You're
Yeah, that's, that's very true.
I don't argue.
Do you see the majority of like college shit just being like, like, okay, so here, the most horrible name ever. And I'm sure you heard it, they called the boomer remover,
which I get the hubert. I respect the wit, but it's just terrible,
Yeah. Have you heard that?
Yeah, it's just it's ridiculous, right? That's kind of what it is. But because like, like I'm not going to get sick from it. So last time I had the flu was college, I'm 36 okay. Like it's been a while, like I don't get sick, right? And I've had one thing like that many years, you know, besides that, so like I'm not going to be the one in the hospital that's like dying
or whatever. So like it's not like you or you or me, right? But it's all like them passing it on to other people is really what it is.
Do you see
the Iranian people? What's that
I know like you indirectly killed somebody, right? That's and do you feel like a lot of people view it that way or do you find like the majority of college kids are just like, whatever, I'm not going to get sick, I'm gonna do my thing.
You know?
Exactly. You're just super concerned over it and they're not gonna be the one that ends up killing somebody if, you know, even even though like other people, you're outside, you know, your, which is way better than inside. But at the single time, like, like you said, like you're breathing heavy and like you breathe heavy, your breathing more frequently, right? And then you're going way further. They normally would.
No, the gym is one of the worst places
because
Right. Well, the thing is though, sweat I now, I'm assuming right. I think it might keep it more active
because they might give it an environment where it's not going to die as quick.
Right. Because I mean like what is, you know, your spit, Right? You know, that's the growth or anything, but like that's the same type of environment. So
it would make sense that it would also survive in something like that. Yeah. So I get up
what?
I know. Yeah,
probably a lot of people are doing that.
I know the same here. I'm like not a germophobe and
And that they were yeah,
Yeah, definitely don't. Well, it was a good talk though.
Yeah, we're a little over. I just
checked it. Yeah. Good talking to you.
You as well. See you later.