Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Mhm. Well something happened hey?
Not much. How are you?
I'm Hailey
to meet you Jack
Georgia Atlanta.
How about you?
Nice. It's going okay I'm in Athens because I mean I go to University of Georgia but I grew up in Atlanta so it's good. It's really rainy today. How is it up?
What part
of the year?
No it was really warm and humid today.
It was kind of disgusting
75.
warm for november I mean. Right.
Uh See like that's my ideal temperature. I really like about 60 degrees. I don't belong in Georgia.
I look
where my parents live. I mean yeah. No I would love to get up north or like out west. Yeah.
Yeah I have some family up in New Jersey.
Um So I've been a couple of times and some really extended family out in California that I visited once. Um Yeah
I mean you can't go wrong with like southern California you just can't
if the
At the weather it's just like it's always 70 and sunny. I mean at least that's what I've heard right I've only been once. It was like in the middle of the summer and it was a little hot because it was the middle of this but I mean it wasn't
it wasn't bad. Have you?
I would like two weeks.
we got to go to the beach. We have to go to L. A. All the little parts of that area that you know you got to see is the only time I found in California. So isn't
it?
Yeah. So have you always lived in new york?
Do you have a favorite
place to travel?
You have a favorite place to travel?
of course
honestly they're probably but you shouldn't go so
So you do international travel then
that's amazing. I feel like the year alone
should be about 600. Oh
I mean it be fancy food but still
But even if you don't
drink,
I mean doesn't say even if you don't drink 600 for all included food and travel and all that that's still good. Even if you don't add in free drinks
feel like.
I mean
yeah that sounds
like so much fun. Um
you can't get that every time.
Yeah that's so disappointing.
did you get
Where
did you get a refund? Okay
Right. They don't want
to give you your money back, they want to keep it,
Especially
travel
company.
The company is going to survive or at least the people are going to survive even if the company goes under when they tried to steal
bucks from.
my sister.
Yeah my sister was supposed to go to Germany over the summer from like an exchange program and they of course canceled it because you know international travel right now. Uh Delta would not give the airfare back. They would not they I think they offered like you could buy the ticket again next like the same ticket, you could buy it again next year. Uh huh.
But like a very specific credit, not just like general credit for any future flight. They were like yeah you can reschedule for a year out. Like nobody knows what they're gonna do next. Some especially not like she's graduating high school so like who
knows what she's going to do this summer after graduation. Like probably not an exchange program to go to high school in Germany for a couple weeks. I mean Delta
kind of
screwed us there. Really sad.
that's
what it was.
Yeah. Something like
she started
crying
on the
phone
and I'll give you
what you
want.
I mean you
would have spent $800 to spend seven days at home. There's no reason to do that.
Right. And you
also, especially right now, but we don't know
right? I mean hopefully
within a year that would be great, but
we just don't know and it could go away and then come back. It's just
okay. I understand that the policy generally we haven't had a pandemic in 100 years. So I get that. But now that we do have one policies need to be changed to reflect
this is the phrase that everyone was using over the summer. And every email everyone said it was like in these unprecedented times. But they really are unprecedented. I mean, in recent very at least. Um
And
they were infants.
They don't remember it. I mean, if they were alive, they were less than probably five years old. I mean,
no
one knows what's going on. And I mean, I'm I mean, I'm technically an adult. I'm basically a kid and my parents eyes on my kid. And my mom was getting really frustrated with my mom this summer because she was just she's trying to tell me how to do everything. And I was like, in most things in life, you have more experience than me and I will absolutely take your advice and I'll absolutely listen to you. This has never happened before. You have the same amount of experience. I do leave me alone. Like let me handle, let me figure it out. Um Because because I do get it like she does
no more than I do on basically everything. But this one thing re equal on. Um And I get as a mom, it's probably hard for her to like let that go. I don't know if you have kids but if I don't
but
Oh, I totally get that. I want to travel when I am older. I'm out of college and I can support myself because I don't, I don't have a job. I can't afford to travel on my own, right? I definitely understand that I want to do that. Yeah, traveling sounds so nice and it's so much better than just spending your whole life in one place. I mean even if it's just a week or two at a time like getting out and seeing the world is just it's amazing. Um
Right. You could,
but
on
the internet but there's just there's no actually seeing it, you know I'm actually seeing it um
But
yeah but it does, I've been to Mexico once or like twice. Um Right
my my family went for thanksgiving one year and I think just over the summer another year I can't remember the other time exactly what it was. I spent christmas um
So once we went to the yucatan peninsula and a coma which is right near Cancun but my parents don't like the whole like all inclusive resort kind of thing. So we went a little south of Cancun and at the time was on the west Coast and I might be saying this wrong, I think it was Puerto Vallarta. Uh it's like, you know, a little south of California um and I don't
remember
that second one very much. We went there first, but remember Acumen and I have a distinct memory of like driving on a highway where you can see like big billboards and big buildings and then like 30 seconds later, just like a little, like a little village with like, I mean we saw several, like I saw several stray animals and just like kids running around with no adults around and I was just like, that is a crazy difference from the highway I was on two seconds ago um and I agree with you, it does put it in perspective, it's like if you're nice car breaks down on the nice highway, that sucks. But if you know, it's just not even in the realm of the things that people in the little village we're worrying about,
you're
going to
eat, like I'm going to have
Yeah. And we had,
it's also
our car didn't break down, but if it had we could have called Uber, I don't know if they have Uber and you know have Uber everywhere, but point still stands have found a ride. Uh
And you know, you don't have to go to other countries to to see that. Of course, I mean everywhere, but that's right,
you get at least.
Yeah. Mhm. Well that's fantastic. Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah. Travel is really fun.
Um In some ways it's changed a lot and some it hasn't changed at all. I mean my college didn't go online, I mean what we did kind of what we're allowed to be in the dorms, so I'm here in my dorm. Um which is nice. I did not want to spend the year living in my parents house. Um
So my classes are mostly online though, I mean officially that they're like hybrid slash in person, but since attendance is non mandatory and everybody's trying to be careful, nobody really goes. So I have class once a week in person and the rest of the time I just kind of sit right here and zoom. Um In fact, I just got my german class. Yeah, and but in terms of like my social life it hasn't really changed. I'm not a big go downtown and go to the bars party kind of person. I hang out with my friends and I play board games, which maybe sounds boring, but it's really fun and that's
that's how I met my friends last year. We would just start playing games in the hallway and now we will do that. We just wear a mask. I mean there's only and full of us. It's not like we're gathering in a really big group or anything. And you know, we just we take it carefully and then we make fun of all the people who go downtown because they do and they don't wear masks and they crowd in the bars and it's really frustrating because it's their fault our lives can go back to normal. But yeah.
Yeah.
Even in new york, people are doing it. Yeah.
It's incredibly selfish.
And by definition, you're not wearing a mask because you're drinking. You can't.
Yeah. And there's a big contrast between, I mean, I think all of the bars should be relatively closed, but there's a big contrast between some of them here. Some, you know, one of them, I walked past once and they were like checking everyone's temperature at the door and like requiring masks and all that, which was great. And 30 ft later I walked past one that had big old sign on the door and it was like, we don't recognize the right of the Athens Police Department to tell us what our patrons can and cannot wear, obviously meaning like show up and don't wear a mask, we're cool with it. It was so frustrating that they would just
blatantly put that sign on the door. Uh They were they had
tons of people on a Wednesday and east
there.
of
mine
as well.
that's
what it is.
You're
so right,
I won't.
They're not, I mean,
is that up to 10 or like down from 10 like, were you?
that's
I'm worried about all the grandparents for thanksgiving,
I mean everyone wants to visit family and I get that it's thanksgiving is one of the family friendliest holidays there. In fact, it's probably the family friendliest holiday there is, it's all about gathering together as a family and you really shouldn't do it this Yeah, and it's all about eating, right, so you're not wearing a mask?
right, eating out of the same dish. Exactly,
I thought
that
also it's winter people are hanging out more inside um
because
Not here, but there,
fair,
now
I agree, everyone is saying it's gonna be a really bad flu season, I don't think it's going to be a very bad flu season, I think the flu will be less because everyone is or not, everyone, lots people are trying to avoid, people wear masks and stuff. Like I don't think the flu will spread as much, but I do think we'll see an uptick in covid cases. Um, just by the virtue of people gathering together and gathering inside. And I mean there's, you know, a lot of restaurants here have, you know, strictly outdoor seating and they have heaters set up, but there's only so much a heater can do. It's fine for the fall and honestly
here it's probably fine through december, but I get to february and here is not do anything. It's just going to make you sad. It's just gonna be like, oh, I wish I could be inside
and up.
They already almost like that. Great.
Yeah, it's
It is absolutely terrible, but it's also really funny.
I haven't heard that specific one but I've heard,
Hey.
Yeah I'm avoiding
it
I was just saying I'm avoiding it not for my own health if I get it I'll be fine. I'm avoiding it to avoid spreading it because I don't want to be the person who passes it to someone's grandma.
it's probably about 50 50 and I wouldn't generalize that to all college kids. I mean I go to U. G. A. Athens itself is relatively I'm gonna say blue and red it's relatively blue. The surrounding area is really red so it's really varied. Um My friends so I definitely have to have the same attitude as me of let's try to not get it so we don't spread it but we all have the attitude of we're probably not going to get sick. And then of course there's the couple of people who are like immuno compromised, like I have one friend who would
really sick if she got it, so she's being really, really careful. Um and her roommates are being really, really careful, which is she's lucky, she has really good roommates. Um But there's there's just two crowds. I mean there's there's a crowd of people who go out on the quad every day and like play football, which is fine, go play football, but you're breathing heavily and you're not wearing a mask, so you are going to spread it. And then as like, we'll be out in the quad on blankets, six ft apartment are still wearing masks, just probably a little bit overboard, but also it's kind of, it's, I wouldn't judge, like that's good for them for taking it seriously. Mhm.
Yeah, I'm okay. I usually don't work out anyway, but this year I'm using that as excuse I'm not touching the gym with a six ft pole. I mean like people do wear masks in there which is nice but I just don't would not feel safe.
Yeah, it's just
so much breathing. So much sweating. Just I mean it doesn't really spread, didn't spread through sweat but it's just gross
I think.
Right, it's hot and human and wet. That's me like breeding ground for a virus.
See
it definitely survives this. But because they
do testing now, it's not just to stick up the nose but they'd be like a spit and do a little thingy. Um So yeah, definitely doesn't spit. So sharing a drink with something not that you should anyway, be like sure you bring someone probably the best way to spread it.
But
before now I totally would have done that with a friend. Like I'm just, I'm drinking some water and they're like, hey, I'm thirsty, gonna give him a drink.
know me. They're not, probably should be more than I am. I just don't here.
But now there's just no way I won't even like share food with somebody. Yeah. You know?
Yeah. This is nice. Is did we 25? I forgot to time it.
Thanks.
It was very nice to meet you.
Bye.