SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Great. Hi there.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Um doing well for her monday?
SPEAKER_L: It was a monday.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, very much for that monday. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Once I got here I was just going to start a timer.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but no worries.
SPEAKER_L: Hi my name is Danny.
SPEAKER_R: I am brian, how are
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: you doing?
SPEAKER_L: brian thanks
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to me too.
SPEAKER_R: just said sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Um So how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Um besides being a monday, uh relieved that, you know, the work day is over and I'm looking forward to uh the weekend once again. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Um Any special plans this weekend?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well, typically, uh so I currently born and raised here in florida central florida. Uh the thing to do is now um would be every weekend I would go to Disney World. So my fiance and I would go to Disney just past the time. It's always a different scene to look at items to purchase as well on, especially with the restrictions that they have in place and everything, you know, post covid or living in covert right now. Um it's interesting um it's nice nice to see with a capacity crowd, um a little different here and there, but you know, it's okay.
SPEAKER_L: I would think that that might actually enhance the experience in certain ways. Um Like I know I have so I live in Minnesota and uh total opposite end of the country. Um
SPEAKER_R: Everything.
SPEAKER_L: And there's been several things that like I I love that they do differently. Um Like I love that every restaurant here now has to accept reservations. Um I love that so much. Um And like there's a bark aid that my uh my husband and I really like and I love that they have a limit on the number of people so you're not fighting for every game
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and um you know they're pretty darn strikes now about not having the drinks at the machines which you know makes it a pretty pleasant experience, you're not having drinks thrown on you. And um I think that that it definitely helps and you know that's a personal experience that bark aid. I had a drink on me more than once.
SPEAKER_R: Now may I ask what is what a bark aid entails? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: so uh it is a Like an old school style
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: arcade but it's actually a bar and you have to be 21 to go in. Um And it's really fun. I mean they have like a lot of the classic games like pac man and tons of pinball machines and skee ball machines and yeah definitely a lot of fun
SPEAKER_R: I think when you say that I know I have one and across the bay ST pete where I'm living
SPEAKER_L: and.
SPEAKER_R: at, um, but I've been to one in san Diego before years ago and it is quite the exploit, you know, present um experience. Just seeing the old retro video games and games that, you know, I didn't know growing up that was still like, wow, they had an arcade version of this game over here
SPEAKER_L: and I like did not really grow up very much with video games at all. Um Like I had my
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: game unit
SPEAKER_R: sleep.
SPEAKER_L: which was a Nintendo ds lite I think like you know like yeah that was my first one and that was uh probably eight years ago or something like that was,
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was
SPEAKER_R: recent.
SPEAKER_L: like an adult. I was, I think it was still in college, but that was like the first time I ever had a video game unit of any kind. That was my own.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm not, I mean I drew up, I'm still, I mean currently in the video game world, you know what I'm going to give me, um, it's, I have like a classic super Nintendo basically and I mean revamped now where it's small and they have like 22 games packed into the console and from time to time I still play those games because it's just essentially nostalgia for me.
SPEAKER_L: And I just didn't like even, um I have much younger siblings, so I actually have a little brother who is um six and like he and my little sister who's 11, they don't, it's just not really a thing in our family to play video games. Um but then, you know, I grew up and got married to someone who loves them. So um I do like I have an Nintendo switch and I love animal crossing and I like put him on. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm speaking about Pokemon, my fiance, she doesn't, I mean good luck trying to try to find a switch first off over here,
SPEAKER_L: gosh. At the beginning of the pandemic is
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: so bad
SPEAKER_R: right now with the new consoles out not to go off topic. Like I have a new xbox series, X Reserve Day one came out and then the last Tuesday or no, last monday and was on the side to email me just along with the full of people just like, oh, just because it demanded it now, it basically your windows from now until potentially end of the year. So I
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: so frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: really pissed off. It's one thing, you know, for a retailer biggest amazon to take all these pre orders and then at the last second literally not knowing until the last second you're not gonna get your pre reserved item for anything like within 24 hours I'm like seriously, if you told me two weeks ago I might have you know, you know bit the pill off, you know a little easier compared to just like the day off I was expecting, you know, Tuesday just like sneaking away from work, I work from home but you know keep away from my job right here and then going to play the console but now I'm just like tick tock, tick tock over here, you know like what the hell I'm going to give it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: no I understand completely. My husband um wants the new PS five and um you know you really can't get them anywhere right now. Like they they've opened up a little bit but I am convincing him to wait until like after the holidays there will be more in stock and it'll it'll be and like there's only one game on it right now that he wants to play. So but he is a uh he'd like to have it release day.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's true um you know if I had the chance to get a playstation, I've been hunting you know last thursday when it came out all retails, every time I've gone to like tweets, as soon as it comes out in the market, go to the website like walmart best line, they all crash. I'm like how do you all you people like supposedly if you're employed or not or you know your school or whatever, how the hell are you able to do this at 12 PM, you
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: know from wherever you're at? You know, even if you're in school like seriously? I know it's pandemic and things are a bit different these days of reserving something but come on mm.
SPEAKER_L: no and it was the same for a switch I mean so like animal crossing came out and I think it was March and that's where I went, all the lockdown started and my husband was like you should play this game, I really think you're gonna like it. And um I was like okay and I like fell in love with it and then he's like okay well you have to get your own switch because right now you're just playing on my island and uh you couldn't get them like anywhere. I actually bought one from a friend of ours and at first I was just borrowing his and then it was like two months into it and I was like can I just buy this? And then he finally was able to get a new one for himself, so it all worked out pretty good. But yeah, I mean like there were no switches on the market.
SPEAKER_R: So since I'm not so you know knowledgeable about the switch, what makes this game animal crossing so different compared to like Pokemon go with my fiance place like all the time whenever.
SPEAKER_L: Um So the thing about animal crossing, I think the only like I think of it kind of similar to um like sims but it's like much more visually pleasing.
SPEAKER_R: cheap.
SPEAKER_L: So like you do day to day things like you build your island and you generate revenue for yourself by like catching fish on bugs and selling them to the store. And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: um you really start like at the very beginning like you have a tent and you live in a tent and then you build it all up and then eventually you have a museum and a better store and a different kind of store and it's just pretty fun. Um I think you know and they do things, they update it pretty regularly so that their new activities um like in july there were fireworks and you could make custom fireworks displays and then there were like Halloween costumes. So like I do think of it to me it's more fun than Sims um And it gives you more things that you can do. Um But it is kind of similar to that, like it's a non competitive game that's very relaxing in my opinion.
SPEAKER_R: now when you say competitive though, is it like internet connected where you can go from like your islands and show off your island to your friends or something and then you
SPEAKER_L: you definitely
SPEAKER_R: get another.
SPEAKER_L: can. And there are like certain features of the game that are actually much better if you do go to other people's islands. Um
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: So it definitely can be um like a game that you play with other people as well.
SPEAKER_R: okay, that sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I've really enjoyed it but you know I don't play a whole lot of other things. I like fall guys. But yeah that's just because it's very easy and it's fun
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: if you fall. How about you? What are your some of your favorite video game franchises?
SPEAKER_R: right now I'm Star Wars is born and bred. I mean most of any Star Wars team that comes out, I just bought squadron. Um I guess it's like a black friday deal a couple weeks ago. I haven't played it because I bought several like two or three games that I can play right now, my crown counsel and just holding off because you know and install it because it upgrades like the visual is a little bit so like, oh you don't get my new console over here and play it but you know, still like in a holding pattern over here,
SPEAKER_L: Right definitely. So um I
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I like Star Wars the franchise but I've never played any of the games. What makes them like fun? Is it the lure or?
SPEAKER_R: I think it is the more, especially with the recent one that came out just had fallen order, it's really an adventure exploration game that couple games before, prior to that, just because it's under the brand of electronic arts, they're they're known to, you know, have these micro transactions all the time.
SPEAKER_L: I have heard that E. A. Is kind of people
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: hate them.
SPEAKER_R: so they kind of grown ups, but they kind of redeem themselves at the same time for this game here
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and just how well done it was from a particular studio. I'm just like, okay, you know, you know, you know, and then this recent one for squadrons, I bought it for like $20 and it's just like the flight, you know, X wings, tie fighters but truly in a immersive level where now it's internet connectivity and it's really like just seeing the graphics, just, I've been touched it yet, but I've seen a lot of hard
SPEAKER_L: No that sounds really good. I like we're we're not crazy into Star Wars, were pretty into Star Wars. Um Like my husband um Used to be really into the tabletop games. The X Wing and Armada tabletop games. Um I don't know that he's ever played any of the video games but I'm so sorry one second my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: cat
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: is freaking out at me. Probably. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: okay. I
SPEAKER_R: Okay. No,
SPEAKER_L: am
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: so sorry. He
SPEAKER_R: no, no,
SPEAKER_L: freaks
SPEAKER_R: no word.
SPEAKER_L: out if you don't put him up on the desk sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have to ask. Is it looked like for every second, Is that a Tory show?
SPEAKER_L: Um He is a maine coon. Yes
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: he's gigantic. He weighs um He's probably about £16 now and um he's gorgeous and he definitely is control in control of the whole house. Um He when you wear headphones at the desk if he wants to get up onto the desk he will like put clause into your legs. Not really mean but he's just like you can't hear me, so I'm gonna put some claws here so that you can see me instead, but
SPEAKER_R: I actually, I have four, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness!
SPEAKER_R: I originally had three but um Family member passed away last month, so I got the 4th one is actually a Norwegian black hat, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, my husband loves them.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't even know who uh well first off, yeah, we had to get him checked just because my uncle, I'm not sure if he had stated, so it took me to the bed and find out it was a boy, not a girl. First off um and then um you know, get all the shots in and whatnot, make sure because I didn't want to bring you know, if it was potentially stray cat into the house
SPEAKER_L: Well, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: already. Yeah, I didn't want to infect it, but oh my God, so Norwegian black forest cat and my fiance and a lot of them were named in the sky, so I mean it's uh he looks like for every second just as fluffy as your main coon
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How big is he?
SPEAKER_R: Uh for two is um Probably a third of the size of that, I think he's like 10, but he's a little chubby.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, well and mr fluffy, I mean he um he's not considered obese or overweight really by the vet, but that's because he is a big breed of cat. So um I mean they always say they would like him to lose some weight, but he's 12 years old. That's I mean he's not going to he's not we're not going to put him on a diet. We do have one other cat um His name is Atlas and he is just a domestic long hair. Um When we got him he was severely emaciated, he came from
SPEAKER_R: Home.
SPEAKER_L: shelter and they had gotten him from like a hoarder situation where they recovered like 30 animals. Yeah, and he was like, I mean just pathetic, like we're in this pets, I think it was a Petco and he like his hair was falling out, he was two years old, so he's fully grown. Um But he only weighed like four lbs, he was terrified and I just like was crying in Petco and falling in love with this terrible pathetic cat. Um and he had ringworm, so we had to give him a ringworm bath every day in treatments. And uh yeah, he was like my special kitty. Um He's really good now, he's um he's actually overweight, I do need to put him on a diet, he's very, very food motivated. Um But yeah, like the transition from when I got him and he was in such bad shape, I never ever want to have another cat with ringworm that was terrible. I mean it was just months and months of treatments and giving him a bath
SPEAKER_R: months.
SPEAKER_L: every other day which you know if you have cats you know how much they like getting a bath. But yeah those are my two cats.
SPEAKER_R: Can you believe too? You said free? I mean knock on wood, hopefully, I don't have to faced with that, but you said months and months, like you have a gift. That cat bats.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah, so ringworm is a pretty bad fungal infection um for cats um And we just because his immune system
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: was pretty bad um when we got him too, so like he was just really sick. Um and he they had to shave him and then they found this infection. So yeah I mean I had to give him a bath with this special stuff every other day And not only was it like just a bath, but you had to leave the shampoo stuff on him for 10 minutes while he's wet. So it
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: police,
SPEAKER_L: I mean just like awful.
SPEAKER_R: wow. So it's not like you could just like take a I don't know, something for speed on a pill or something
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: it's like entirely topical stuff and
SPEAKER_R: jean.
SPEAKER_L: you can get it from them as well so yeah I mean it was just awful. Um But you know now that was gosh okay so it was probably four years ago and now he's a wonderful little kitten. He uh he's not a kid anymore, he always will be to me but
SPEAKER_R: Oh well, all for minority just On or three and below. So
SPEAKER_L: so there's some pretty little,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean three of them were corresponded, I mean it's been about a month now and the newest one, he's slow, he's interacting like, you know, the two boys playing around rough housing. But um you know the food portion of its really different because we are food dominant and of course, you know, he's not really willing to fight for it, so we have to feed him in a separate room for now. I mean, I'm leaving next week actually, next Wednesday, I've been flying up north for thanksgiving, So I'm like, well I have to get a sitter whereas before the three cats, I have an automatic machine where it just spits up dry and that there's no problem. Those three, you know, they'll, they'll be able to share and what not. But I mean especially the 4th one and mixed. I just have to hire a sitter just to come in. You know, especially the clean the litter box and then given the food as well too because I have one who is a medium here, tuxedo and he eats I guess I guess I gave him so much driving. He started to have crystallization in the stomach so he's like, yeah, kind of like a kidney stone in a way for humans. But he would like stop and pause I guess where it's like passing through his system. I guess we just did a quick google search to find out the most to remedy and you still go dry food but you just have to wet it supporting like and just put water and Nixon went through it as well too. I mean so far it's been good.
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Yeah I Actually um so Mr fluffy
SPEAKER_R: You have
SPEAKER_L: we've had him six years and he was like six years old when we got him and so he's 12 now and atlas is about
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: six and really we've been pretty lucky after the first year with atlas, there really haven't been significant health problems. Um But then he does like pull out his hair um
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: but only on his tail and his hind legs. So our vet actually thinks he has like a kitty form of O. C. D. Basically. Um
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so I call him my little nutcase but it's like it's an anxiety thing sort of. So he has to take some pills but we actually haven't gotten them from the vet. We only took the event only told us about this like three weeks ago. So I'm supposed to be giving him a pill twice a day. I don't know how well that's going to go. So we will see.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I have a Tory show my only girl my favorite one out of the mix. She likes to from time to time to chase your own tail like a dog.
SPEAKER_L: That's fun.
SPEAKER_R: she likes of course she's still hissing at the new brother of course, but it's still adjustment. Um But I see her if she's like any office over here with me just from time to time, she just goes around and chasing a tail I guess looking at online, it might be neurological or something. I thought like I didn't even know that like the dog chasing his tail, which is always a fun thing to do, but
SPEAKER_L: definitely. I know that there's this thing called feline hyper stds syndrome and that's what they think atlas has. Um That can kind of compare it to it could be like a seizure disorder or like fibromyalgia or like O. C. D. Um It's just a weird thing that some cats have. Um But for atlas I mean it really is like he I mean he like choose that and bites that and then rips all the hair out until he has bald spots up. But yeah until like they thought like they did X rays and things because
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: he's had this since we got him and we were always like well maybe it'll go away, maybe it'll go away well four years later it hasn't gone away. Um But you know it doesn't seem to bother him. He plays, he eats, he doesn't really seem to have any trouble with it. So the bets not super concerned about it. He just is neurotic and gives himself bald spots. So.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's their own, I mean we can all the same thing for humans as well as long at the end of the day, you know, if he's at least relatively normal to some capacity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's kind of how I feel about as long as he's happy and eating and doesn't seem to be in pain then we'll just kind of keep things how they are if the pills will help him will definitely try them. Um But I've had to give him pills before and it's uh it doesn't usually go well, so I don't imagine that a pill twice a day it's really gonna be, I mean it would have to be very helpful, like he would have to have no problems for me to continue to do that every single day.
SPEAKER_R: Well that, and I'm pretty sure like just I had to do that for a few times for my my little girl um we're sitting cat a pill is not easy, like you have to really like probably their mouth open and you really have to make like shut their mouth if you're able to get it and then make him swallow it, like it's
SPEAKER_L: We usually
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: wrap
SPEAKER_R: country.
SPEAKER_L: him up in a towel, have one
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: person like hold him really tight and the other prison like hold him, throw his mouth open, throw the pill in, hold his face shut, blow on his nose that he swallows and it's like this whole ordeal and then you finally let him go and he spits the pill out. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We really have like an ordeal when you have to do that mannerism
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We've been through this with him before. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I mean I don't think, I mean it's a two man job by all
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: means I didn't
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: expect the capital immediately. Shit it up after you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: forward.
SPEAKER_L: like if um if we can give him liquid meds,
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: those are fine because like one person can handle that. You just put it in his mouth and he swallows it. But it's the pill pills. Like those, those are such a challenge. So you said you're
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: going somewhere for thanksgiving where you headed?
SPEAKER_R: Uh last year um Fiancee's family up north so I'm probably just be a tradition. Um just going up north um the state of Connecticut of course with the lockdowns I guess re happening again. Not sure how that's gonna play out because actually my flight is from here to JFK which you know like it's new york first off they're doing shut down ticket and um the flights back at the monday or sound sunday for work but I'm like they were just too expensive so we're actually gonna saturday and just do the big trip from Connecticut almost back to central florida.
SPEAKER_L: You're, you're driving that, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's a one way trip for the flight, so you just go to JFK um get Uber to her house and her parents house in Connecticut and doing a big track back because I'm not willing to spend $350 for a one way flight back to florida. And she's already been, yes, she's already going to drive up the week before I spend more time with the thinking.
SPEAKER_L: right, Okay. So then you're not even having to rent. I get like, so it's like, it's kind of a joke in the Midwest that like anything is really driving distance. So like I grew up in Minnesota and we used to drive to Florida every year and it was 24 hours of driving. And like my family, we would never fly it and now like as an adult, I'm fine with flying, but my husband's not. Um and his family lives 10 hours south of us by car and so we're always like you guys driving distance, you can get that done in one day.
SPEAKER_R: And so were the longest for me I've done from like, you know central Florida, like I think North Carolina was like 12, 13 hours. And that was pushing this time around. It's like double of course, you know going basically the distance of the east coast, I'm looking at the map here and I'm doing it with a german shepherd dog as well into the
SPEAKER_L: goodness,
SPEAKER_R: mix.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: So it's
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: gonna have to take pretty frequent breaks?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much and then I'm not sure if, you know, we'll get stopped at each state borders, depending if there's a lockdown asking, you know, we're, because the beginning of the pandemic, like florida was like at the borders, like locking down, you
SPEAKER_L: Real
SPEAKER_R: know, from,
SPEAKER_L: hair
SPEAKER_R: from people from the tri state area in new york, you know, Connecticut just spread that, you know, covid here.
SPEAKER_L: it was so bad up there at the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm like, I don't know if they're going to reciprocate, you know, the same process, you know, if we're going to go through new york, you know, on the way back, so it's going to be in a diaper.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely, we are this year um my family is doing like an early thanksgiving and we all just did covid tests um and so then we are having our thanksgiving with my mom and my two sisters who are older than the little kids, that is going to be this weekend and then next weekend we're just going to have um friends giving up here with a couple of close friends, so and then I don't think we'll travel really at all at like christmas time. Um I'm just thinking like in Minnesota where I live, we've had three straight days of record breaking COVID cases for us. I mean it's not as bad as other places. There's been like 7000 positive cases for the last three days. Um but for the population that we have in Minnesota is also pretty, you know,
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: we're not
SPEAKER_R: is true. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: state.
SPEAKER_R: I mean Florida, I think yesterday was 10,000 cases and that was the highest since like July or something granted that's high but at the same time, you know stated with 23 million people as well
SPEAKER_L: The brakes.
SPEAKER_R: too, so, but
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: compared
SPEAKER_L: I don't know exactly how many people live in Minnesota, but if you look at like, Um, what does Florida have for electoral college? Like 27,
SPEAKER_R: 29
SPEAKER_L: 29 and Minnesota has 10. So like if I look at that, I can get an idea of how, what our population is. So yeah, like compared to the size of population that we have, uh, it's not so good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, understood. I have a quick question before the part, how many times have you been doing this so far?
SPEAKER_L: Um Okay. So you are the third conversation that I have done? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: congrats you're you're my third one for this round, right? No, actually correction You will be the 4th 1. Um it's from
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, I, I like it. Um, I did this for better labs once um
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: last year but I only did one that time so.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I started in this january because my fiance told me you are in a couple of bucks here and there, but I mean just the fourth round for this overall just like uh I'm still have to find out how the hell they get the funding for this first off, I don't know, hundreds of people, 15 bucks, let's say on average, I mean you and I are going to get and then at the end like out of how many rounds like we're gonna get the money from.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know it's a pretty um I I wonder exactly like how many institutions pay for it and that kind of thing and like um like I I actually participated in one survey that I know I ended up going to NPR
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: um So that was kind of interesting. Um You know so I I don't know but it definitely has to be a pretty expensive undertaking.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. They say they were all recording this to just find out I guess the flow conversations with strangers and you know what as long as we get paid at the end of the soviet I don't care unfortunately what's privacy these days anymore. I mean we all recorded one way or another. Unfortunately. That's a sad reality. So.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Well it's
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: very nice to talk to you tonight.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I hope the weather will stay nice and cool up there. Um well they risk
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully
SPEAKER_R: 86.
SPEAKER_L: you don't have any storms.
SPEAKER_R: No no that was last week so we
SPEAKER_L: Well happy thanksgiving to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yes you too as well. Have a good night.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.