Hey, how are you?
Um doing well for her monday?
Yes, very much for that monday. Yeah,
yeah, but no worries.
I am brian, how are
you doing?
I
just said sorry.
Um besides being a monday, uh relieved that, you know, the work day is over and I'm looking forward to uh the weekend once again. Uh huh.
Uh Well, typically, uh so I currently born and raised here in florida central florida. Uh the thing to do is now um would be every weekend I would go to Disney World. So my fiance and I would go to Disney just past the time. It's always a different scene to look at items to purchase as well on, especially with the restrictions that they have in place and everything, you know, post covid or living in covert right now. Um it's interesting um it's nice nice to see with a capacity crowd, um a little different here and there, but you know, it's okay.
Everything.
And
Now may I ask what is what a bark aid entails? Mhm.
If
I think when you say that I know I have one and across the bay ST pete where I'm living
at, um, but I've been to one in san Diego before years ago and it is quite the exploit, you know, present um experience. Just seeing the old retro video games and games that, you know, I didn't know growing up that was still like, wow, they had an arcade version of this game over here
and
this
sleep.
very
recent.
Oh, I'm not, I mean I drew up, I'm still, I mean currently in the video game world, you know what I'm going to give me, um, it's, I have like a classic super Nintendo basically and I mean revamped now where it's small and they have like 22 games packed into the console and from time to time I still play those games because it's just essentially nostalgia for me.
I'm speaking about Pokemon, my fiance, she doesn't, I mean good luck trying to try to find a switch first off over here,
Even
right now with the new consoles out not to go off topic. Like I have a new xbox series, X Reserve Day one came out and then the last Tuesday or no, last monday and was on the side to email me just along with the full of people just like, oh, just because it demanded it now, it basically your windows from now until potentially end of the year. So I
got
really pissed off. It's one thing, you know, for a retailer biggest amazon to take all these pre orders and then at the last second literally not knowing until the last second you're not gonna get your pre reserved item for anything like within 24 hours I'm like seriously, if you told me two weeks ago I might have you know, you know bit the pill off, you know a little easier compared to just like the day off I was expecting, you know, Tuesday just like sneaking away from work, I work from home but you know keep away from my job right here and then going to play the console but now I'm just like tick tock, tick tock over here, you know like what the hell I'm going to give it. Mhm.
I mean it's true um you know if I had the chance to get a playstation, I've been hunting you know last thursday when it came out all retails, every time I've gone to like tweets, as soon as it comes out in the market, go to the website like walmart best line, they all crash. I'm like how do you all you people like supposedly if you're employed or not or you know your school or whatever, how the hell are you able to do this at 12 PM, you
know from wherever you're at? You know, even if you're in school like seriously? I know it's pandemic and things are a bit different these days of reserving something but come on mm.
So since I'm not so you know knowledgeable about the switch, what makes this game animal crossing so different compared to like Pokemon go with my fiance place like all the time whenever.
cheap.
and
now when you say competitive though, is it like internet connected where you can go from like your islands and show off your island to your friends or something and then you
get another.
it's
okay, that sounds interesting.
I'm
right now I'm Star Wars is born and bred. I mean most of any Star Wars team that comes out, I just bought squadron. Um I guess it's like a black friday deal a couple weeks ago. I haven't played it because I bought several like two or three games that I can play right now, my crown counsel and just holding off because you know and install it because it upgrades like the visual is a little bit so like, oh you don't get my new console over here and play it but you know, still like in a holding pattern over here,
but
I think it is the more, especially with the recent one that came out just had fallen order, it's really an adventure exploration game that couple games before, prior to that, just because it's under the brand of electronic arts, they're they're known to, you know, have these micro transactions all the time.
so
so they kind of grown ups, but they kind of redeem themselves at the same time for this game here
and just how well done it was from a particular studio. I'm just like, okay, you know, you know, you know, and then this recent one for squadrons, I bought it for like $20 and it's just like the flight, you know, X wings, tie fighters but truly in a immersive level where now it's internet connectivity and it's really like just seeing the graphics, just, I've been touched it yet, but I've seen a lot of hard
I
don't know.
Mhm
Okay. No,
I have
no, no,
no word.
Yeah, I have to ask. Is it looked like for every second, Is that a Tory show?
okay.
I actually, I have four, so
I originally had three but um Family member passed away last month, so I got the 4th one is actually a Norwegian black hat, so
yeah, I don't even know who uh well first off, yeah, we had to get him checked just because my uncle, I'm not sure if he had stated, so it took me to the bed and find out it was a boy, not a girl. First off um and then um you know, get all the shots in and whatnot, make sure because I didn't want to bring you know, if it was potentially stray cat into the house
already. Yeah, I didn't want to infect it, but oh my God, so Norwegian black forest cat and my fiance and a lot of them were named in the sky, so I mean it's uh he looks like for every second just as fluffy as your main coon
Uh for two is um Probably a third of the size of that, I think he's like 10, but he's a little chubby.
Home.
months.
Can you believe too? You said free? I mean knock on wood, hopefully, I don't have to faced with that, but you said months and months, like you have a gift. That cat bats.
but
the
police,
wow. So it's not like you could just like take a I don't know, something for speed on a pill or something
or
jean.
Oh well, all for minority just On or three and below. So
yeah, I mean three of them were corresponded, I mean it's been about a month now and the newest one, he's slow, he's interacting like, you know, the two boys playing around rough housing. But um you know the food portion of its really different because we are food dominant and of course, you know, he's not really willing to fight for it, so we have to feed him in a separate room for now. I mean, I'm leaving next week actually, next Wednesday, I've been flying up north for thanksgiving, So I'm like, well I have to get a sitter whereas before the three cats, I have an automatic machine where it just spits up dry and that there's no problem. Those three, you know, they'll, they'll be able to share and what not. But I mean especially the 4th one and mixed. I just have to hire a sitter just to come in. You know, especially the clean the litter box and then given the food as well too because I have one who is a medium here, tuxedo and he eats I guess I guess I gave him so much driving. He started to have crystallization in the stomach so he's like, yeah, kind of like a kidney stone in a way for humans. But he would like stop and pause I guess where it's like passing through his system. I guess we just did a quick google search to find out the most to remedy and you still go dry food but you just have to wet it supporting like and just put water and Nixon went through it as well too. I mean so far it's been good.
You have
It's
My
okay.
Oh I have a Tory show my only girl my favorite one out of the mix. She likes to from time to time to chase your own tail like a dog.
she likes of course she's still hissing at the new brother of course, but it's still adjustment. Um But I see her if she's like any office over here with me just from time to time, she just goes around and chasing a tail I guess looking at online, it might be neurological or something. I thought like I didn't even know that like the dog chasing his tail, which is always a fun thing to do, but
hey,
I mean it's their own, I mean we can all the same thing for humans as well as long at the end of the day, you know, if he's at least relatively normal to some capacity.
Well that, and I'm pretty sure like just I had to do that for a few times for my my little girl um we're sitting cat a pill is not easy, like you have to really like probably their mouth open and you really have to make like shut their mouth if you're able to get it and then make him swallow it, like it's
not
the
country.
And
We really have like an ordeal when you have to do that mannerism
okay. I mean I don't think, I mean it's a two man job by all
means I didn't
expect the capital immediately. Shit it up after you
forward.
What,
it's
Uh last year um Fiancee's family up north so I'm probably just be a tradition. Um just going up north um the state of Connecticut of course with the lockdowns I guess re happening again. Not sure how that's gonna play out because actually my flight is from here to JFK which you know like it's new york first off they're doing shut down ticket and um the flights back at the monday or sound sunday for work but I'm like they were just too expensive so we're actually gonna saturday and just do the big trip from Connecticut almost back to central florida.
Well it's a one way trip for the flight, so you just go to JFK um get Uber to her house and her parents house in Connecticut and doing a big track back because I'm not willing to spend $350 for a one way flight back to florida. And she's already been, yes, she's already going to drive up the week before I spend more time with the thinking.
And so were the longest for me I've done from like, you know central Florida, like I think North Carolina was like 12, 13 hours. And that was pushing this time around. It's like double of course, you know going basically the distance of the east coast, I'm looking at the map here and I'm doing it with a german shepherd dog as well into the
mix.
So it's
not
pretty much and then I'm not sure if, you know, we'll get stopped at each state borders, depending if there's a lockdown asking, you know, we're, because the beginning of the pandemic, like florida was like at the borders, like locking down, you
know, from,
from people from the tri state area in new york, you know, Connecticut just spread that, you know, covid here.
So I'm like, I don't know if they're going to reciprocate, you know, the same process, you know, if we're going to go through new york, you know, on the way back, so it's going to be in a diaper.
That
is true. Yeah,
I mean Florida, I think yesterday was 10,000 cases and that was the highest since like July or something granted that's high but at the same time, you know stated with 23 million people as well
too, so, but
compared
29
yeah, understood. I have a quick question before the part, how many times have you been doing this so far?
congrats you're you're my third one for this round, right? No, actually correction You will be the 4th 1. Um it's from
yeah
okay. I started in this january because my fiance told me you are in a couple of bucks here and there, but I mean just the fourth round for this overall just like uh I'm still have to find out how the hell they get the funding for this first off, I don't know, hundreds of people, 15 bucks, let's say on average, I mean you and I are going to get and then at the end like out of how many rounds like we're gonna get the money from.
Hi.
Yeah exactly. They say they were all recording this to just find out I guess the flow conversations with strangers and you know what as long as we get paid at the end of the soviet I don't care unfortunately what's privacy these days anymore. I mean we all recorded one way or another. Unfortunately. That's a sad reality. So.
Well
Yes I hope the weather will stay nice and cool up there. Um well they risk
86.
No no that was last week so we
Yes you too as well. Have a good night.