Thank you. Great. Hi there.
I'm good, how are you doing?
It was a monday.
Once I got here I was just going to start a timer.
Hi my name is Danny.
Hi
brian thanks
to me too.
Um So how are you doing today?
definitely. Um Any special plans this weekend?
I would think that that might actually enhance the experience in certain ways. Um Like I know I have so I live in Minnesota and uh total opposite end of the country. Um
And there's been several things that like I I love that they do differently. Um Like I love that every restaurant here now has to accept reservations. Um I love that so much. Um And like there's a bark aid that my uh my husband and I really like and I love that they have a limit on the number of people so you're not fighting for every game
and um you know they're pretty darn strikes now about not having the drinks at the machines which you know makes it a pretty pleasant experience, you're not having drinks thrown on you. And um I think that that it definitely helps and you know that's a personal experience that bark aid. I had a drink on me more than once.
so uh it is a Like an old school style
arcade but it's actually a bar and you have to be 21 to go in. Um And it's really fun. I mean they have like a lot of the classic games like pac man and tons of pinball machines and skee ball machines and yeah definitely a lot of fun
and.
and I like did not really grow up very much with video games at all. Um Like I had my
first
game unit
which was a Nintendo ds lite I think like you know like yeah that was my first one and that was uh probably eight years ago or something like that was,
yeah, I was
like an adult. I was, I think it was still in college, but that was like the first time I ever had a video game unit of any kind. That was my own.
And I just didn't like even, um I have much younger siblings, so I actually have a little brother who is um six and like he and my little sister who's 11, they don't, it's just not really a thing in our family to play video games. Um but then, you know, I grew up and got married to someone who loves them. So um I do like I have an Nintendo switch and I love animal crossing and I like put him on. Um
gosh. At the beginning of the pandemic is
so bad
that's
so frustrating.
no I understand completely. My husband um wants the new PS five and um you know you really can't get them anywhere right now. Like they they've opened up a little bit but I am convincing him to wait until like after the holidays there will be more in stock and it'll it'll be and like there's only one game on it right now that he wants to play. So but he is a uh he'd like to have it release day.
like
no and it was the same for a switch I mean so like animal crossing came out and I think it was March and that's where I went, all the lockdown started and my husband was like you should play this game, I really think you're gonna like it. And um I was like okay and I like fell in love with it and then he's like okay well you have to get your own switch because right now you're just playing on my island and uh you couldn't get them like anywhere. I actually bought one from a friend of ours and at first I was just borrowing his and then it was like two months into it and I was like can I just buy this? And then he finally was able to get a new one for himself, so it all worked out pretty good. But yeah, I mean like there were no switches on the market.
Um So the thing about animal crossing, I think the only like I think of it kind of similar to um like sims but it's like much more visually pleasing.
So like you do day to day things like you build your island and you generate revenue for yourself by like catching fish on bugs and selling them to the store. And
um you really start like at the very beginning like you have a tent and you live in a tent and then you build it all up and then eventually you have a museum and a better store and a different kind of store and it's just pretty fun. Um I think you know and they do things, they update it pretty regularly so that their new activities um like in july there were fireworks and you could make custom fireworks displays and then there were like Halloween costumes. So like I do think of it to me it's more fun than Sims um And it gives you more things that you can do. Um But it is kind of similar to that, like it's a non competitive game that's very relaxing in my opinion.
you definitely
can. And there are like certain features of the game that are actually much better if you do go to other people's islands. Um
So it definitely can be um like a game that you play with other people as well.
I've really enjoyed it but you know I don't play a whole lot of other things. I like fall guys. But yeah that's just because it's very easy and it's fun
if you fall. How about you? What are your some of your favorite video game franchises?
Right definitely. So um I
I like Star Wars the franchise but I've never played any of the games. What makes them like fun? Is it the lure or?
I have heard that E. A. Is kind of people
hate them.
All
No that sounds really good. I like we're we're not crazy into Star Wars, were pretty into Star Wars. Um Like my husband um Used to be really into the tabletop games. The X Wing and Armada tabletop games. Um I don't know that he's ever played any of the video games but I'm so sorry one second my
cat
is freaking out at me. Probably. Oh
okay. I
am
so sorry. He
freaks
out if you don't put him up on the desk sometimes.
Um He is a maine coon. Yes
he's gigantic. He weighs um He's probably about £16 now and um he's gorgeous and he definitely is control in control of the whole house. Um He when you wear headphones at the desk if he wants to get up onto the desk he will like put clause into your legs. Not really mean but he's just like you can't hear me, so I'm gonna put some claws here so that you can see me instead, but
Oh my goodness!
Oh my goodness, my husband loves them.
Well, definitely.
Yeah. How big is he?
Okay, well and mr fluffy, I mean he um he's not considered obese or overweight really by the vet, but that's because he is a big breed of cat. So um I mean they always say they would like him to lose some weight, but he's 12 years old. That's I mean he's not going to he's not we're not going to put him on a diet. We do have one other cat um His name is Atlas and he is just a domestic long hair. Um When we got him he was severely emaciated, he came from
shelter and they had gotten him from like a hoarder situation where they recovered like 30 animals. Yeah, and he was like, I mean just pathetic, like we're in this pets, I think it was a Petco and he like his hair was falling out, he was two years old, so he's fully grown. Um But he only weighed like four lbs, he was terrified and I just like was crying in Petco and falling in love with this terrible pathetic cat. Um and he had ringworm, so we had to give him a ringworm bath every day in treatments. And uh yeah, he was like my special kitty. Um He's really good now, he's um he's actually overweight, I do need to put him on a diet, he's very, very food motivated. Um But yeah, like the transition from when I got him and he was in such bad shape, I never ever want to have another cat with ringworm that was terrible. I mean it was just months and months of treatments and giving him a bath
every other day which you know if you have cats you know how much they like getting a bath. But yeah those are my two cats.
Yes. Yeah, so ringworm is a pretty bad fungal infection um for cats um And we just because his immune system
was pretty bad um when we got him too, so like he was just really sick. Um and he they had to shave him and then they found this infection. So yeah I mean I had to give him a bath with this special stuff every other day And not only was it like just a bath, but you had to leave the shampoo stuff on him for 10 minutes while he's wet. So it
was
I mean just like awful.
no
it's like entirely topical stuff and
you can get it from them as well so yeah I mean it was just awful. Um But you know now that was gosh okay so it was probably four years ago and now he's a wonderful little kitten. He uh he's not a kid anymore, he always will be to me but
so there's some pretty little,
Hi. Yeah I Actually um so Mr fluffy
we've had him six years and he was like six years old when we got him and so he's 12 now and atlas is about
six and really we've been pretty lucky after the first year with atlas, there really haven't been significant health problems. Um But then he does like pull out his hair um
but only on his tail and his hind legs. So our vet actually thinks he has like a kitty form of O. C. D. Basically. Um
Yeah so I call him my little nutcase but it's like it's an anxiety thing sort of. So he has to take some pills but we actually haven't gotten them from the vet. We only took the event only told us about this like three weeks ago. So I'm supposed to be giving him a pill twice a day. I don't know how well that's going to go. So we will see.
That's fun.
definitely. I know that there's this thing called feline hyper stds syndrome and that's what they think atlas has. Um That can kind of compare it to it could be like a seizure disorder or like fibromyalgia or like O. C. D. Um It's just a weird thing that some cats have. Um But for atlas I mean it really is like he I mean he like choose that and bites that and then rips all the hair out until he has bald spots up. But yeah until like they thought like they did X rays and things because
he's had this since we got him and we were always like well maybe it'll go away, maybe it'll go away well four years later it hasn't gone away. Um But you know it doesn't seem to bother him. He plays, he eats, he doesn't really seem to have any trouble with it. So the bets not super concerned about it. He just is neurotic and gives himself bald spots. So.
Yeah. That's kind of how I feel about as long as he's happy and eating and doesn't seem to be in pain then we'll just kind of keep things how they are if the pills will help him will definitely try them. Um But I've had to give him pills before and it's uh it doesn't usually go well, so I don't imagine that a pill twice a day it's really gonna be, I mean it would have to be very helpful, like he would have to have no problems for me to continue to do that every single day.
We usually
like
wrap
him up in a towel, have one
person like hold him really tight and the other prison like hold him, throw his mouth open, throw the pill in, hold his face shut, blow on his nose that he swallows and it's like this whole ordeal and then you finally let him go and he spits the pill out. So. Yeah.
Yeah. We've been through this with him before. Uh huh.
It's
definitely
and
like if um if we can give him liquid meds,
those are fine because like one person can handle that. You just put it in his mouth and he swallows it. But it's the pill pills. Like those, those are such a challenge. So you said you're
going somewhere for thanksgiving where you headed?
You're, you're driving that, wow.
right, Okay. So then you're not even having to rent. I get like, so it's like, it's kind of a joke in the Midwest that like anything is really driving distance. So like I grew up in Minnesota and we used to drive to Florida every year and it was 24 hours of driving. And like my family, we would never fly it and now like as an adult, I'm fine with flying, but my husband's not. Um and his family lives 10 hours south of us by car and so we're always like you guys driving distance, you can get that done in one day.
goodness,
so
you're
gonna have to take pretty frequent breaks?
Real
hair
it was so bad up there at the time. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely, we are this year um my family is doing like an early thanksgiving and we all just did covid tests um and so then we are having our thanksgiving with my mom and my two sisters who are older than the little kids, that is going to be this weekend and then next weekend we're just going to have um friends giving up here with a couple of close friends, so and then I don't think we'll travel really at all at like christmas time. Um I'm just thinking like in Minnesota where I live, we've had three straight days of record breaking COVID cases for us. I mean it's not as bad as other places. There's been like 7000 positive cases for the last three days. Um but for the population that we have in Minnesota is also pretty, you know,
we're not
state.
The brakes.
And
I don't know exactly how many people live in Minnesota, but if you look at like, Um, what does Florida have for electoral college? Like 27,
29 and Minnesota has 10. So like if I look at that, I can get an idea of how, what our population is. So yeah, like compared to the size of population that we have, uh, it's not so good.
Um Okay. So you are the third conversation that I have done? Yeah.
Honestly, I, I like it. Um, I did this for better labs once um
last year but I only did one that time so.
Yeah. I know it's a pretty um I I wonder exactly like how many institutions pay for it and that kind of thing and like um like I I actually participated in one survey that I know I ended up going to NPR
um So that was kind of interesting. Um You know so I I don't know but it definitely has to be a pretty expensive undertaking.
Absolutely. Well it's
very nice to talk to you tonight.
Hopefully
you don't have any storms.
Well happy thanksgiving to you.
Thank you.