SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yes you too. Yeah. Yeah well I was wrong thank you for the first time. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh send me a text to be done so that you can take my time come home. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh Oh Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah and the whole book you know what? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah wow Okay. Oh. Mhm. Thank you everything yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm wow. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right don't you think? Mhm. Yeah and people are watching? Yeah. Really good. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. What happened from the beginning attractive and Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Believe what you don't have to be better there? Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm favor that's basically what we're gonna do mm. Yeah Okay okay. A little primitive I think. Yeah yeah. Right. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay for the this is just the latest communication going to get a little bit of that. It's impossible we put up. Mhm. You hear that? Cool, Different. Mhm. Mhm Uh huh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Come on in the world. Yes, you know, mm hmm. Mhm Coffee. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, personally? Oh, this is the story, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Uh huh mhm Okay. Yeah, I don't know. Okay. Uh huh Oh, what? Right. Oh, okay. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Okay. I just thank you for this day. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Yeah, Yeah. That, yeah. Okay. Hey. Mhm Yeah. What, wow. Yeah, the older face. Mm. Okay. Shit, thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, according. Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Look, thank you. I didn't say that. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's still dark. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Well,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: good, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good? So I guess we're supposed to talk for like 25 minutes minimum. Is that right?
SPEAKER_R: 25 minutes minimum. Yeah. Have you done with you before?
SPEAKER_L: This is you know what, this is my I think third try because the last two times my partner didn't show up. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I had, I've done two successful ones. Um
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: The most recent one I think was maybe like august or july um and then yeah, I tried to do one on, Oh, I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: is today, Saturday I tried to do on Thursday, they didn't show up and then it got rescheduled for yesterday, but I didn't
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: realize it had gotten rescheduled until it was too late. Um it was scheduled for noon and then I logged on at like 12, 10 or something like that, just a chemist, see if there was any surveys up and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I I started to think because like I had two times where I showed up and it was just me and I thought I wonder if the study is about not like you know that like
SPEAKER_R: Coffee.
SPEAKER_L: not having a partner and how you how long you stay on and I'm like because this is so this this is actually good for me because that you actually showed up because I was starting to think the study wasn't what I thought.
SPEAKER_R: Just fake. And they were watching you sit there on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: trying to, you know, be patient and not say anything bad and I figured maybe they're recording me while I'm waiting, but it's good and now I know there's a real study, so that's good. Yeah. So, so you've done this before? So like what do you talk about for 25 minutes? Do
SPEAKER_R: Uh you know the first one I did
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: was kind of interesting. It was, I'm john by the way,
SPEAKER_L: Hi, john, I'm Christine,
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you, Christine.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: too,
SPEAKER_R: first one that I got paired with was a female who was in the midwest and she was like, had just graduated high school, so there was a pretty
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: significant
SPEAKER_L: of us.
SPEAKER_R: age difference. And we were talking about like what she was going to do after high school and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: stuff like that. Um The other, the second one I did was a guy who was about my age. Um he was on the
SPEAKER_L: Missing.
SPEAKER_R: East Coast um and we both kind of had a general interest in beer,
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: so we talked about beer a lot
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: the majority of the time. Uh Yeah. Are you in California?
SPEAKER_L: I am. Are you also
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm in Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: I guess my cat gave it away. Yeah. So yeah, I live in San Diego actually and been here for about 10 years. So um yeah, and I just, I just started doing these surveys so you know, it's kind of something new for me, but it's like you can make a little extra cash, you know, and
SPEAKER_R: I just randomly kind of stumbled upon it
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: day I was on Reddit and somebody had asked like what's an easy way to make money that doesn't require a skill? And something had commented about prolific, so I looked into it and yeah, it's the kind of thing that I'll do after the kids have gone to bed. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: and you know my wife is watching something mindless on tv I'll see if there's a based on their um and some months it's kind of bridge the gap and um you know bought groceries. I'm on my last week before payday and right now I'm saving up for for christmas. Uh we
SPEAKER_L: you have cleared.
SPEAKER_R: went down and saw my grandparents and we live up here but they go down to have a place in India outside of Palm Springs that they go to every january we took a trip down there and it was nice to have some some spending money on the trip. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it does, it kind of fills in those gaps, I feel like um and then definitely christmas coming, my son, I only have one son, he's gonna be 14 in december and it's right after christmas, so december is always like a tough month because we have christmas and then he has his birthday and like my birthday is in january and I remember growing up, my parents used to always like lump the two together, so I'm like, I refused
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: to do that even though his birthday and christmas is like four days apart, so, but it gets expensive, you know, and like I thought being a teenager now, like he wouldn't want parties, he would just kind of want like to hang out with a friend kind of thing, you know, like that's what kids do as they get older, but I guess we can only child, like he just likes attention because he so we do like, we usually do joint birthday parties with him and one of his closest friends because he has a friend that has a birthday in december and it saves cost and it's funny because they have all the same friends um this is your is going to be different obviously because of Covid, so we're not going to have a party, but it still gets expensive anyways, like just the whole christmas and I wish it wasn't so commercial sometimes, like, you know, just all the but it's fun to so so I feel like they're helps save money for that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean this this is easy, easy money.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I know, I get to talk to you for like what, 25 minutes and then I make like however money IIi can't, it converts from pounds so I always get messed up. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And it's a
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: change
SPEAKER_L: easy
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: you know I've been seeing the same three people for weeks,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So how old are your kids? It sounds like you have kids.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've got a daughter who is 10.5, she's
SPEAKER_L: Avenue.
SPEAKER_R: fifth grade, and then a son who's six in kindergarten.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, the teen years are gonna throw you for a little bit of a loop. I'm just warning you just ahead of time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like, yeah, we're already there um and you know, she was such an easy baby, we joked like oh we're in for it later and Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's funny because when my son was born at the hospital, there are all marveling about how he didn't cry a lot and he was pretty easy and my husband and I are like well like we made it, we got an easy one, right? We brought him home and he wouldn't stop crying. So it's like you you end up with the work whether it's at the beginning of the journey towards the end like I mean you there's no easy way out. Like parenting
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: is difficult but I have to tell you like my son, I mean it's weird because like people tell you about teen years and you're like, I don't know, but it's like their brain just collect when they become a teenager and I think it's the hormones, it must be the physiological side of it because without delay like when he became a teenager, like just the moodiness and like I remember my friend used to say like her daughter would come home from school and she would just say how was your day? And already she's like I said the wrong thing, she said her daughter would be like, yeah, I understand, should run in her room and slammed the door. And she was like, I just didn't even open my mouth anywhere because like I can't say anything right now. I think that was funny because I'm like, no, I can't. But I mean we're having kind of moments like that where I'm like, I don't know what I said, but why is he so moody? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I I remember I'm um the oldest of three and my sister, seven years younger than I am, and I remember yeah, when I was still home um You know, I was 19 and she was uh 12, 13 and yeah, the same thing and just being like, oh my god.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You always think I wasn't so bad, but I think we just forget like, you know, we, we are very generous in the way we remember ourselves because because then I hear from my brother like no, you, you had your moment. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I mean everybody I think just romanticizes things in their own heads and you know, remembers details conveniently and you know, we've had things um with family members, but also strangers of like just like saying things in public about our Children and been like, really, you
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: had kids. This is normal behavior like Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But it's simply parenting is a trip. I mean I thought I read, I'm like, I tend to like control so like I thought if I buy a bunch of books on parenting and read them, I got this right Oh no as I am for surprised like it's not that easy. So everything that I like basically he started with like breastfeeding, you know we didn't even buy bottles, we were like we're going to breastfeed. I read it's healthier blah blah blah. Um He was born a little bit earlier and um and he just couldn't latch on. We had probably had to go to like a lactation consultant or whatever and I was like this is not gonna happen. Like I read in all the books that this is what's right and I was like it was just like devastating like I can't and while I remember I was sobbing in the lactation consultants office like after being there for like you know every day that week or whatever and she my lactation consultants that just go ahead and formula feed, she was like done with me, she's like you need to move on like this is not the end, all of parenting like really like it's fine. And
SPEAKER_R: write
SPEAKER_L: since
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: from that point on nothing has been textbook parent.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I think like on somebody levels like it's important to have like somebody else tell you like, no,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's okay. Like, and like, you know, in your head, you can like process there and be like, okay, there have been babies that have been bottle fed that have grown up to be successful human beings like this isn't like
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: though
SPEAKER_L: help
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: fixated
SPEAKER_R: is what I had going and you know, it's not your right, it's not the end all be
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: all like,
SPEAKER_L: but you know when you're a new mom you're like you know things have to go a certain way. And I just remember the night I decided I conceded to bottle feeding was like pouring rain and it was 10 minutes before Target was gonna close and I had some like major fit and I was like yeah that's what my baby liked to my husband, he's like um we can wait till tomorrow my damn it. And he was like I think he left so that you know so that like you can get away from me but he was like okay that makes a lot of sense. It's close in 10 minutes, I'll probably get there will be closed in the pouring rain. But okay I'll go today because we can't go tomorrow. But there's just I've had so many moments of like things not going my way and like thank God for husbands because he's definitely the more rational one. But parenting is it's like a journey and you you can have ideas and expectations but things don't always go your way and learning to accept that and still enjoy the journey of being a parent. Like it's been a lesson for me. What?
SPEAKER_R: But the frustrating thing that we found very early on was like anything that you were trying research to, there were like two very divisive camps and like everything like in google was like alternating opinions. Like the first link was like oh yeah, it's fine to wash around the baby's umbilical cord before it falls off. Absolutely under no circumstances do not put any moisture, the umbilical cord and the next one is like don't submerge it, but you can wash it
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: with a washcloth and like
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh
SPEAKER_R: it's just
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: maddening. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: do you believe?
SPEAKER_L: now you fully confused me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But isn't it funny how like when you begin as apparent like those seem to be the challenges and then then it's like then the challenges are more mental, like it's more relational like before it's more like caregiving and just feed them and care for them and they're fine and then they start to become emotional and you realize like so much of parenting is like the emotional side of it. And now I look back at all that night laugh because I go that was like easy breezy compared to like, you know, the whole like just trying to build a relationship and like, you know, dealing with their emotions and all that, making sure that they have, you know, their self esteem is like, like, you know, healthy, mentally healthy and especially with Covid and I'm like, oh my gosh! And I was like fussing over bottles, like, this is way harder. It's like,
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to get a decent human being. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, and then too, because I don't know about your, your Children, but my son is remote learning right now from school and with a teenager, like remote learning and the feeling of isolation, like, it's been really hard and like, the whole subject of mental health is kind of like, really, you know, at the forefront and making sure that you're checking in on him and things like that. And it's um and then so I just realized like, man, like, all that stuff before was like, mickey mouse, like, this is, it's getting, it's getting real, you know, and
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: just hear about like, just with the covid and just everything that's happened. Um like, because we've had, we had a lockdown, like where school shut down, like in California, around March, I'd say around spring until the end of the school year. Um And then there's like, depending on the school, some schools of remote learning and some are back in school. And so my son's remote learning and I've been hearing about friends and their kids like having depression because teenagers are difficult as it is with like all the hormones they're already gonna struggle with all those things. And I think with Covid, like it just kind of tipped him over the edge. So anyway, so I'm just like, oh my gosh, like I last night and I laugh were like, yeah, we were like, because we I remember we went through a stage where we're like, do we let him cry it out in the crib or do you get them? Because you know, some books talk about the whole like, psychological ramifications of like whether you get them or you don't get them and like how they develop trust in the world and all this stuff and like you get so wrapped up in that and I remember that was like a big one. Like, you know, my mother in law was like you need to let him cry it out like, you know, and and you know, and then my friends like you can't let them cry it out, they're not going to trust you. It was like such a discussion and I'm like, oh my gosh, like it just all seems like small beans compared to like some of the things that you know, we're dealing with now. It's just funny with parenting.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. And I mean another thing that I've thought a lot about is you know those decisions are you don't see the ramifications of them instantaneously. Like so many decisions you make, it's like an immediate payoff, you're like, oh that was the right choice or oh that was the wrong choice. And on this it's like shot in the dark and you never really get to see like was that the right choice and if you often years in years down the road, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: think that's like that then that's definitely the thing about parenting is like so much of what you do because like even just, you know, I don't know if you're there yet with your kids, but it's like I have to repeat myself over and over again and I feel like it's not getting through and I get frustrated and I have friends who now have like kids in their twenties, it say keep repeating yourself because they act like they're not listening, but it's getting through and you're going to find out like when they're like an adult, like all that really did matter. And I'm like, oh, okay. And it's kind of like gardening, you know, like you water your water, your water and it's like nothing's coming up and then one day it just sprouts up, you know? And it's like, it's like building, storing up energy. And I feel like that's like parenting and there are days and I'm just like, why am I even saying he doesn't listen right? But then I remembered my friends tell me, so you're right, like there's so much of like this, you know, you don't see the results of it until later. And I suppose if I was a good gardener, I would be a great parent. I that's not why I'm going to get gardener, so I'm a little scared about this parenting thing. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's um no, I mean that that was pretty powerful to hear that and because yeah, we've definitely been struggling here at the family and um with mental health and your daughter and it's it's it's yeah, drinking.
SPEAKER_L: Well, and I think it's especially, I mean it's I'm I'm a female, so I'm thinking from a female standpoint and I don't have a daughter, I have a son, but I just think it's even harder than it was when I was growing up to be a girl because you know like you look at like the media and magazines and just everything and I just feel like there's such a standard of like, you know what a girl should look like and you know, and I just think it really, you know affects, it's hard to have especially as a teenager with all the emotions that are going on, like to have a healthy self image and I think like it's really important to instill that and girls early because there's so much in society that make women, I feel like feel like they're not good enough female and so and I have a boy, so I don't know how to parent that, but I just hear from my girlfriends and it's just you know, that's that's another layer of like complexity with girls I think. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I mean we've already heard, you know, at 10.5 some of that negative self talk about body image and not having friends and being done and it's like, well from
SPEAKER_L: if that makes me sad. Well I just think it could be and you don't know, it's like it could be stuff that girls talk about, you know school, but like there's so much just in the media alone like it's very indirect, you know? But it's there and there's such a standard like of like, you know how you should look and like, you know just things that girls like they have to do to feel accepted, you know? It's just kind of and I mean I remember when I was a girl like feeling it somewhat but I think it's a whole different scale now for girls, you know? And so yeah, it's really important like I think that like for girls to instill that like just to be um to be like happy with who they are, you know, and to be accepting. I mean I have a son and I feel like he's going through it so I can't imagine for girls, you know? But just it's tough growing up in the world now like my husband and I always talk about how it's our parents used to say that, which is kind of funny because they were like, oh my gosh, we are old but you know about how like, oh it's not like it used to be when we were growing up, but I, I mean I feel it like, you know, it's a different world that they're growing up in and and then to with all the like instant access to the like the universe basically through the internet. Like I feel like that doesn't help like my son's shopaholic for instance and he like my husband, I would say like there was no amazon like you know your parents take you to the toy store on your birthday or whatever, you see what it is and then you don't, unless your friends have it, you don't really know what's all out there. But kids now we go to amazon and they can find anything. He's always begging for us to find things and I'm just like dude like stay off amazon but I feel like the internet sometimes it's not helpful for our kids so.
SPEAKER_R: I completely agree. That's yeah, It's definitely with my
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: wife and I have talked about how it's Pandora's box. Like we wish
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: we could just close
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: But it's uh
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: it's almost
SPEAKER_L: I know. I know and then like I don't know about your kids like in your philosophy about phones. But my son is a teenager so and he was playing um sub soccer before and like they would have practices like really late at night and it's dark and so we got on the phone and that's a whole another world you know like so much work to try to like protect them from things they shouldn't see. And like our parents had it easy like we didn't have to do I mean you know unless you want to like drag you're like a big old tv out the door like there's no way to like really have screen time. But now you know it's so easy and it's so instant. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I was talking to
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: my parents about that same thing and I was like, you know, every generation has, you know, their their fear, their thing that they latch onto. But like from my grandparents, it was the Beatles. Like that was the biggest concern in
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: rock and roll music was going to be the downfall of their Children. And like, You know, it's like it wouldn't have lasted five minutes now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's like not even the concern now right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We've got like more more serious threats like to our Children. Yeah. Yeah. It's a different world they live in. Yeah. Than we. And then my husband always talk about how like all my friends, I talk about this and um how I don't know if you you your age but like where when I grew up I would get on my little bike and my mom would say come home at five by five for dinner, I didn't have a cell phone, she can't reach me. But there was the world felt safe enough for were and I would go around the block to my best friend's house and I would pick her up then on our bikes, we go to another friend's house and we'd end up like miles from home, you know? And then we just had to come home before it got dark for dinner and I feel like there's a lot of learning in that like independent and decision making and like just you it helps you to like build confidence like in yourself,
SPEAKER_R: Self sufficiency.
SPEAKER_L: but it's like our kids don't have that because they're so managed to you know because because there is like if there's predators out there now it's unsafe and so they live in such a managed world that I feel like that common sense and the confidence in their decision making that has to come later in life like it's a slower process for them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: And you know, I think also to like gonna build on that mm hmm. Kids don't really have to work
SPEAKER_L: totally,
SPEAKER_R: for anything anymore. Like with the internet. Like everything is so instantaneous.
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: That like Yeah. I mean I'm an elementary
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: school
SPEAKER_L: many?
SPEAKER_R: teacher. So I see it a lot in like resiliency on tasks and like the first roadblock the kids hit. They just shut down there. Like
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not going to do this like because they're used to just being able to type something, you know, go on the computer,
SPEAKER_L: Remember.
SPEAKER_R: type it into google. They're done like they want something, they've got it and like that working for it people is definitely missing. So yeah. I mean, I think it's going to be really interesting in 15, 20 years to see this generation and how they overcome a lot of that. Like yeah. Not having a lot of that freedom, not having to really work the way that we had to work for things and like in the face of adversity. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: That's actually encouraging. I'm glad you share that because I thought it was just like my son because he the patients for things like he can't save money like to save his life, you know, like just can't do it like because we keep trying to teach instead of goal for what you want and then save money and like do chores, it's slow like you get $5 here, $5 there, like it's not a limp sin and he quit every time you can't do it and it's so disheartening for us because you know, eventually they're going to have to get out of the world and like budget and manage their money and I'm just like, well what? So the first thing like you want, like you're just going to spend your rent money on that and then you're gonna be homeless. Like I mean we're terrified to send it out in the world but like but you know, but there is that like instant gratification that like I feel like this generation has been brought up and you know, everything is instant. Like if the internet, like if the internet is a little bit slow, you know that my son's like he gets all huffy and I'm just like, you know, oh my gosh, like what five seconds was your last like really? But
SPEAKER_R: First
SPEAKER_L: I see
SPEAKER_R: one problems.
SPEAKER_L: that I see that in him and his friends and they just like their tolerance for suffering or like if you even want to call it that or like frustration
SPEAKER_R: You can experience.
SPEAKER_L: is like, you know, like they have no like they can't and I'm just like how like that's that's a problem I mean but it will be interesting to see them like that generation get out there and start working, you know because work life presents all kinds of problems and you have to learn to you know to be creative to prop themselves to like clearly not get frustrated, not quit but you know with all the like the things that you know the internet has brought up and I just think it's a challenge for them like just characterized too. So it'll be interestingly you know how they do in the world like I'm terrified of when he drives. That's my next that's my next fear. My most recent fear that's coming up. My husband and I are like is there any way we can like not let him drive but then we're like but then if you delay it, it's like you know then he'll have to learn like when he's in college. I mean we want would rather keep if he's gonna crash crash when he's at home with us. It's like terrifying to think that and you know what it is. The single thing that worries me the most is phones because when we were driving so like they getting their driving and they get a ding will they have the self control to not look at that phone until they reach their destination? And my thought is no the impulse control isn't there? They're gonna they're gonna want to look at it and that worries me. You know like just that the phone is just all kinds of problems. Yeah and you can tell them like to turn it off when they drive but you're not there to enforce it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Right. And I mean yeah, ultimately it goes to just that trust and you know their level of maturity and because you know, I think from my parents not that it was like a huge concern. I wasn't like, you know, a party animal but their
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: fear
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: was like drinking and driving or doing drugs and driving and you know, you ultimately have to weigh like do I trust them enough to put them into this situation? But yeah. I mean the phone Yeah. I mean the phones I think are just so integrated into into life now that people don't really see them as a distraction. I don't think like,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: such a distraction. Like we we watch movies at home and I'll see when he gets a ding from his friends, he can't help. But he has to check. And I'm like, hey, we're watching a movie, you know, like devices down, right? He's like, oh no, but it's also texted me, I'm just getting back to him and I'm like, and I just pictured him driving and that happening. But lots of prayer, lots of faith and lots of like drilling it into their brains is all we can do. And then the part of parenting, I think that's the hardest is like letting them make their mistakes. Because I mean sometimes rather than like what you instruct them, I think the experience of life is the best teacher sometimes, you know, it's and you just hope that they, you know, they survive.
SPEAKER_R: That Yeah. Yeah. Let him spend that utilities money on the next box that he can't because his power has been turned off.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. So I I know we're coming to the end of our time, but I have a funny story to tell you. So my son wanted to go to the mall. Like this is a new thing. Like, you know, like he used to hate them all. He'd be like, what are we done like when I take him shopping? Because he but now it's like he went not he wants to go with me, but he wants to go with his friends. So they he went on this like, like his first kind of like mall thing with his friend, you know? Um And I gave him like money for lunch, right? And he had his own money for spending. And he comes back when I picked him up, he's like, mom, I'm starving, can we stop by and pick up in and out? And I'm like, I gave you money for food. He goes, oh no, he goes he goes, I'm going to spend it on food. He was I you know, he so he used that as part of his spending for his thing and I was like, oh I guess I didn't spell it out. If you didn't buy food with that, you should have brought it back, Right? So what I found out is his friend decided he wanted to eat. So he sat there and watched his friend eat a burger while he just saved his money so he could spend it towards whatever he was gonna get. And I was like, that is pathetic. He goes, oh no, mom, it took like three bites and even done with this burger, he goes to do, it's not long, he goes, but he wanted to eat and I was like, I'm not wasting my money on food and like it's not wasting money. So like, so not just a note to you. Like you would think it's common sense that like when you give your kid money for food that they're gonna buy food with it, No, you need to spell it out. So when that day comes with your daughter, make sure you tell them if you don't eat, if you don't buy food with this money, you are to bring it back and not spend it on your stuff because they get creative like, you know, so.
SPEAKER_R: Let's take care of our basic needs first.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, so he is that kid that I've worried we'll spend his first paycheck on Xbox and star for the month and, and he'll rationalize it and say that was a good idea. So just just to let you know, like, you know, you just never like, I'm like, wow, I thought that was pretty, you know, pretty clear. Like I didn't realize I had to spell it out, but sometimes you have to really get down to the nitty gritty with them. So, so now when he goes to the mall, I say this is for your lunch. If you choose not to have lunch, you will bring the money back to me, You will not spend it. So, so then they'll eat because they're like whatever it's going to have to go back to mom, so I'll just spend it on the food. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Some of the alternative as I pack you lunch in a lunchbox that you carry
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: one wall.
SPEAKER_L: a good idea. That's true. That's a good idea. Yeah. So how does this work? So it's now what? 1131.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So if you go back to the page that have the link, there's like a blue arrow at the bottom and it'll take you to the next next part. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And it's so instead of saying like there were technical problems or my partner didn't show up, you just say like we
SPEAKER_L: Without
SPEAKER_R: talked for 32 minutes and yeah. And then there's a survey that you fill out after that too about like it'll ask about like your perception of the conversation, your perception of me and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Well this was like way less awkward than I thought because I was like, you know, you think 30 minutes is not that long, but like, I don't know like, I mean it could get really awkward like if you know, and
SPEAKER_R: There's nothing
SPEAKER_L: I was a little
SPEAKER_R: that you
SPEAKER_L: bit,
SPEAKER_R: click on.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was a little anxious. Like, I don't know. But it was fun talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was great, enjoy the rest of your weekend and
SPEAKER_L: You too
SPEAKER_R: enjoying
SPEAKER_L: have a great
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: weekend.
SPEAKER_R: san Diego.
SPEAKER_L: Happy parenting. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks mike by