I
good, how's it going?
25 minutes minimum. Yeah. Have you done with you before?
yeah, I had, I've done two successful ones. Um
The most recent one I think was maybe like august or july um and then yeah, I tried to do one on, Oh, I don't know what
is today, Saturday I tried to do on Thursday, they didn't show up and then it got rescheduled for yesterday, but I didn't
realize it had gotten rescheduled until it was too late. Um it was scheduled for noon and then I logged on at like 12, 10 or something like that, just a chemist, see if there was any surveys up and yeah.
Coffee.
Just fake. And they were watching you sit there on. Yeah.
Uh you know the first one I did
was kind of interesting. It was, I'm john by the way,
nice to meet you, Christine.
The
first one that I got paired with was a female who was in the midwest and she was like, had just graduated high school, so there was a pretty
significant
age difference. And we were talking about like what she was going to do after high school and
stuff like that. Um The other, the second one I did was a guy who was about my age. Um he was on the
East Coast um and we both kind of had a general interest in beer,
so we talked about beer a lot
for
the majority of the time. Uh Yeah. Are you in California?
No, I'm in Portland Oregon.
I just randomly kind of stumbled upon it
one
day I was on Reddit and somebody had asked like what's an easy way to make money that doesn't require a skill? And something had commented about prolific, so I looked into it and yeah, it's the kind of thing that I'll do after the kids have gone to bed. Um
and you know my wife is watching something mindless on tv I'll see if there's a based on their um and some months it's kind of bridge the gap and um you know bought groceries. I'm on my last week before payday and right now I'm saving up for for christmas. Uh we
went down and saw my grandparents and we live up here but they go down to have a place in India outside of Palm Springs that they go to every january we took a trip down there and it was nice to have some some spending money on the trip. Yeah.
You know.
Yeah. I mean this this is easy, easy money.
And it's a
change
of,
you know I've been seeing the same three people for weeks,
Yeah, I've got a daughter who is 10.5, she's
fifth grade, and then a son who's six in kindergarten.
Yeah, I feel like, yeah, we're already there um and you know, she was such an easy baby, we joked like oh we're in for it later and Yeah.
No.
I I remember I'm um the oldest of three and my sister, seven years younger than I am, and I remember yeah, when I was still home um You know, I was 19 and she was uh 12, 13 and yeah, the same thing and just being like, oh my god.
I mean everybody I think just romanticizes things in their own heads and you know, remembers details conveniently and you know, we've had things um with family members, but also strangers of like just like saying things in public about our Children and been like, really, you
had kids. This is normal behavior like Yeah.
write
it
right. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I think like on somebody levels like it's important to have like somebody else tell you like, no,
it's okay. Like, and like, you know, in your head, you can like process there and be like, okay, there have been babies that have been bottle fed that have grown up to be successful human beings like this isn't like
even
though
this
is what I had going and you know, it's not your right, it's not the end all be
all like,
But the frustrating thing that we found very early on was like anything that you were trying research to, there were like two very divisive camps and like everything like in google was like alternating opinions. Like the first link was like oh yeah, it's fine to wash around the baby's umbilical cord before it falls off. Absolutely under no circumstances do not put any moisture, the umbilical cord and the next one is like don't submerge it, but you can wash it
with a washcloth and like
it's just
like
Who
do you believe?
Yeah.
I'm trying to get a decent human being. Yeah.
You
know
Mhm. Yeah. And I mean another thing that I've thought a lot about is you know those decisions are you don't see the ramifications of them instantaneously. Like so many decisions you make, it's like an immediate payoff, you're like, oh that was the right choice or oh that was the wrong choice. And on this it's like shot in the dark and you never really get to see like was that the right choice and if you often years in years down the road, so. Yeah.
Yeah. It's um no, I mean that that was pretty powerful to hear that and because yeah, we've definitely been struggling here at the family and um with mental health and your daughter and it's it's it's yeah, drinking.
I mean we've already heard, you know, at 10.5 some of that negative self talk about body image and not having friends and being done and it's like, well from
I completely agree. That's yeah, It's definitely with my
wife and I have talked about how it's Pandora's box. Like we wish
we could just close
it.
But it's uh
it's almost
I was talking to
my parents about that same thing and I was like, you know, every generation has, you know, their their fear, their thing that they latch onto. But like from my grandparents, it was the Beatles. Like that was the biggest concern in
rock and roll music was going to be the downfall of their Children. And like, You know, it's like it wouldn't have lasted five minutes now. Yeah.
Yeah.
Self sufficiency.
Yeah.
And you know, I think also to like gonna build on that mm hmm. Kids don't really have to work
for anything anymore. Like with the internet. Like everything is so instantaneous.
That like Yeah. I mean I'm an elementary
school
teacher. So I see it a lot in like resiliency on tasks and like the first roadblock the kids hit. They just shut down there. Like
I'm not going to do this like because they're used to just being able to type something, you know, go on the computer,
type it into google. They're done like they want something, they've got it and like that working for it people is definitely missing. So yeah. I mean, I think it's going to be really interesting in 15, 20 years to see this generation and how they overcome a lot of that. Like yeah. Not having a lot of that freedom, not having to really work the way that we had to work for things and like in the face of adversity. So I don't know.
First
one problems.
You can experience.
Right. And I mean yeah, ultimately it goes to just that trust and you know their level of maturity and because you know, I think from my parents not that it was like a huge concern. I wasn't like, you know, a party animal but their
fear
was like drinking and driving or doing drugs and driving and you know, you ultimately have to weigh like do I trust them enough to put them into this situation? But yeah. I mean the phone Yeah. I mean the phones I think are just so integrated into into life now that people don't really see them as a distraction. I don't think like,
you know.
That Yeah. Yeah. Let him spend that utilities money on the next box that he can't because his power has been turned off.
Let's take care of our basic needs first.
Some of the alternative as I pack you lunch in a lunchbox that you carry
one wall.
Yeah. So if you go back to the page that have the link, there's like a blue arrow at the bottom and it'll take you to the next next part. Um
And it's so instead of saying like there were technical problems or my partner didn't show up, you just say like we
talked for 32 minutes and yeah. And then there's a survey that you fill out after that too about like it'll ask about like your perception of the conversation, your perception of me and stuff like that.
There's nothing
that you
click on.
Yeah. It was great, enjoy the rest of your weekend and
enjoying
it
san Diego.
Thanks mike by