SPEAKER_L: something good? Yeah. And mm hmm. Yeah. Well, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What? Mm. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. I, mm hmm, mm.
SPEAKER_R: there we go.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how's it
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: going?
SPEAKER_R: doing good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sorry, it's a bit late. I was practicing. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: No worries. What were you practicing?
SPEAKER_R: Uh practicing just scales thirds violent. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: cool.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: You can put a little, you're gonna put a little show on for me, do a little
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: playing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure that the study wants us to talk but like, hey, if they if they said sure why not? But I think they want such a straight talk. But yeah, I'm currently like my name is alexander, cute songs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm George,
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a double major at you ever heard of George mason,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, of course.
SPEAKER_R: yep, I'm a double major there. I'm both information technology B. CS and also music pedagogy, B. A. Right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: How long have you been playing for?
SPEAKER_R: right. Um playing violin in general since I was like second grade, but I really didn't care until like I want to say my junior year of high school. Uh Yeah, like the yeah the junior year of high school, the second half of junior year, that's when I started taking lessons for the first time. And from then on forge I pretty much like um I had to prepare because my audition for college at that point for GM you wasn't a year. And even though like you live by Virginia, right?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Delaware,
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. So you said you definitely heard of GM you then? Yeah. To the School of Music. It's um that's actually the, what's it called? This Sit Dewberry School of Music, but it's really difficult to get in now because I know that because of like,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: again, how much funding we got and like now I'm starting to get known the School of Music, the required like, you know, the Spars been said higher. So I had a year to get prepared. Pretty much like practice. Like uh it was insane but was able to get in and then um I also want to do a double major and I teach us as a backup, like if I get injured, so I have that to work as So yeah my second year right now.
SPEAKER_L: Are you um Virtual or are you is there in class learning at all?
SPEAKER_R: for music. Not really. And I'm virtually all the time. Which it's okay. I mean like um uh I. T. It kind of sucks because again like I think you have you ever seen a photo of a dog walking himself with his own leash?
SPEAKER_L: No. Is
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that what it is like?
SPEAKER_R: how I feel like genuinely just walking like I'm just somehow just you know walking myself in my own leash because I had to google everything. The lectures don't really help because I can't answer all of your questions. And now there's a lab to so that's why I like a lot of us are struggling in I. T. Because it's much different. The format.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you expecting to go back to um regular classes this year or is it going to be all virtual?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All virtual until like maybe the fall of next year depending there's a vaccine because like um I personally don't want to go on campus until like, you know? Um Mostly because to like parking is expensive when you think you've heard of that, it's really expensive. Which I hate. So And also my professor I study under, she um she's gonna compromise. She is not going to come on campus unless a vaccine comes. And like for me, I'm only gonna go on campus, but she's on campus because but it's better to have impressed message. So that's why until she goes back. I'm not going back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. I wouldn't blame you for that. I wouldn't want to do that either. It's right now, it's just too risky, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. We're too stressful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, That's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you uh what's your, what field do you study? Like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: work?
SPEAKER_L: an unnamed web development. I have my own company and I do web development, I do uh you know, build websites for people and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: do use Dreamweaver?
SPEAKER_L: Um I did a long time ago now basically I would say probably 90% 95% of the work that I do is Wordpress.
SPEAKER_R: I mean Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Every everything everything is Wordpress. Every I mean I think Wordpress runs like 80% of all websites
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: at this point or
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: something, it's kind of ridiculous. But for setting up people depends on the on the scale of the company or the website, what they're looking for, but what word price is great because it allows people to do, you know, stuff themselves, you know, it's pretty much, you know, with the wig as far as that goes, that anybody could go in and do that kind of stuff once I set it up for him um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: which is not as good for me because I get paid by, you know hourly. So
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: if they want me to do work, you know that it costs a lot more, but it's not bad. I mean I'm not complaining because I've always worked from home so this hasn't changed at all. You know, everything I do is remote as far as this goes. You know, I have clients all over the place, I have like one client in Delaware, everybody else's, you know, somewhere else. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see. Oh, it's pretty cool. I mean like mm hmm. Like because right now I'm actually learning web development. That's why I
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: we?
SPEAKER_R: learned because like the height of course I'm taking is I. T. To 13 which is mostly going over like uh Photoshop Dreamweaver. Oh my God. Dream I heard Dreamweaver is a nightmare. And like it kind of I never tried wordpress. But like I kind of like Dreamweaver because it's really specific. But I feel like Wordpress is like more use mostly because it's more simple because Dreamweaver, it's really complex. You have to know it. That's what I hate. Like even though I'm kind of decent at it now, it's still a genuine pain in my ass to figure out.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't uh most of the people that I go to if they, a lot of people usually already have a website, so if I'm doing anything, it's like I'm updating their website. I've had some migrations where people had an existing website and they wanted to go to A CMS system like like Wordpress or to paul or something like that. But really Wordpress is basically the way to go. As far as, you know, most
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: companies that I deal with, you know, some places our in house, they've got their own databases and all that stuff. But no, it's it's, you know, I'm not digging a ditch. So it's pretty it's pretty good. It's good work. I don't mind it at all. It's a there's a lot of learning though. It's a constant constant learning forever. You know, I've seen things change over the years. I've been doing this since 96. So
SPEAKER_R: So you
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: were around for since? Yeah. So you were around in the very beginning? Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I know if you ever heard a front page
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like, you know.
SPEAKER_R: kind of heard of that, but that's already know that's already really ancient already.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's, well, it's just changed. It's changed so much as far as the, the environments, you know, everything is mobile now, you know, that didn't exist 10 years ago. There wasn't really a mobile, you know, nobody had smartphones or anything, but now everything is, you know, I'd say I do more development for uh
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: for smartphones that I do for actual desktops. You know, when I build a site,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: people are like looking on their phones, like, oh, what
SPEAKER_R: Many
SPEAKER_L: about this?
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: do you have a computer and do you ever look at your, you know, a desktop? But you know, it's it's okay. It
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: that's that that's so like since it is responsive web design, right, that's the correct term, But then if you focus more of your time on uh the mobile, you know, like the mobile size rather than the computers, or is it like equal? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's really equal, I would say, you know, since I do all my development on an actual computer, um that's how I'm looking at things to begin with, but I have tablets, you know, I have ipads and android tablets and multiple phones, and so I have to try it. You know, I have to test things
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: basically, you know, everything
SPEAKER_R: perform?
SPEAKER_L: that I have. You know, there's there's virtual environments you can go into online
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: also that, you know, they'll show you okay, this is what it looks like on Firefox, this what looks like on Chrome, this is what it's actually gotten a little easier because the browser's themselves have kind of unified a bit um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: 10 years ago what showed on Internet Explorer, it didn't work on Chrome, didn't work on, you know, Netscape or you know, there was all these different browsers and they all use their own code. So you would have to develop and fix it. You know, I would develop for chrome and then I would look at it
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: on Internet Explorer and I'd be like, oh it's not working here, I'd have to figure out how to get it to work on their, you know, nowadays, like with edge, edge browser, because they're using basically the chrome back end now, the chromium back end, which was before google about it. Um the only one is uh that's still pretty big I guess is Firefox and I
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: use it sometimes Firefox, but I think firefox is kind of dropping off quite a bit in share market share
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it has, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: people are just not, I mean, even though their their whole thing is privacy, you know, that's their their big thing that they've really focused on is privacy, but as far as
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the other browsers go, most of the stuff I do is chrome is developing for chrome or on android as well, and Microsoft made it easier by going to the to the same back end is everybody else. So developments gotten a little easier and as far as responsive design and stuff, I don't know if you have no bootstrap, uh,
SPEAKER_R: butcher Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so, you know, you build a framework and, and it's already, it exists, you're, you're basically just, you know, changing how it looks and it's already set up to work on most mobile devices or, you know, tablets or whatever you can think of. So it's, it used to be a lot more difficult to develop websites, but now it's it's gotten a lot easier and then they have things like wicks and all these ones that where you can just do it yourself, which I steer away from that for people usually, um, because you're not really in control of
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: your website when you do something like that, you know, and, and, and it's all, I don't know if, you know, weeks, it runs all on jobs grip the entire obvious script. There's no there's no html back end to it. It's just all jobs you turn your javascript off websites don't work at all, you know, with something like Wix but for some people that don't want to spend any money and they want something quick, you know, weeks is like 10 minutes, you've got a website, you know? But I I work more with like businesses than than people. I've done some some some websites for people, but most of it is for like businesses.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Oh, I see. Yeah. Because I'm actually thinking myself I know eventually I have to because have to eventually open up my own website because I actually teach at the moment. So the students I teach, there's three right now and possibly 1/4 and 1/5. But I teach a person because they're okay with it. So that's why I said sure. So I teach a person and they know me only because my email, my phone number. That's it. And I know that like in the music world is kind of small. So like there's not really small people talk all the time either because the toxic or you know, they just like to talk. So that's why I always try to keep the best reputation I can. But I know like in order to get more out of it I guess I'm more state like more known in a sense. I have to open up a website. But the problem is opening the websites have to make my own logo too because that's the thing. So after either like have my I could use my last name is a logo because I know my last name is actually. There's actually no one else in the world my last name. No one else keeps on hyphenated. There's no one else on the other one that exists. So I could use that. But then after like figure out the logo. And I also figured the design layout to and then I also have like you know like studio policies because I have a studio. Yeah I'm still a colour student. So um until I until I get like my doctors and I'll be able to open up the studio. But even then yeah and then also to figure out too because I'm doing I. T I can't, like once I graduate I have to at least be like on call or somewhat part time with either, I think you have a microphone Lockheed martin have to be one of them at least. So then when I go to conservatory because I'm thinking of either going to conservatory in Cleveland, Ohio Cleveland. See I am clearly institute of Music, I'm not Julia. Hey Julia, I'm sorry, I can't stand it, I hate new york, I'm never going there. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah possibly Jacobs in indiana um not L. A. Conservative. That sucks. Um They don't want them to think of like overseas, probably like soul conservatory Germany not really Germany because the language that's a problem too because if I go to different country I have to learn since I'm gonna be doing my master's there even if it's just two years I have to at least somewhat not only understand but be able to respond in simple phrases the language because the structures I'm going to work with their purely german or they learn and they know english but the more expressive in their native tongue so that would be a pain in my ass. But as I'm thinking like one of the country's probably overseas but even if I'm overseas um if I'm part time around call because this whole covid thing a lot of I. T. People especially like who work at security or whatever there you know they they work at home, they have a whole desktop setup and they just do their work and if it's on call is even less because as long as I'm still kept up up today, at least yearly or relatively on call, that's fine because that's my plan to do. Like when I go to conservatory or when I actually don't, my doctorates, um I'm kind of being like a soloist slash instructor or professor hybrid, like my professor, my professors, both the soloist because I study under june kwang, she's known throughout the world, she's known really well known in the country and she's performed at different venues all over the country and all over the world. Australia Germany you name and you stay there. So she's kind of a legend, but she likes teaching as much likes performance, so she equally does both. So some weeks she says, I have to go to whatever country and to perform. So then we'll just have live online lessons, which I'm fine with. Other
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: times. I mean she won't have performances for months because she's really busy but that's how it is. That's why I kind of want to be too. But when I do that still I'm thinking of when I go to university like when I apply for University of Conservatory because I think you know a conservatory isn't I didn't mention that. You know that is yeah conservatory is pretty much like the equivalent of ivy League. So it's really one of its that so it's really one of them. But what I'm thinking is when I apply for university I could both be a professor of music and also assisting the I. T. Department because I know I d. People are always needed. Yeah because I know it's a really difficult field and I'm luckily adapted like technology and I'm pretty I'm pretty good at tech but a lot of people aren't. Which kind of sucks even people in my age, they struggle because it's really difficult. Like java. Oh my God, I hate java. I'm still getting used to it. It's a pain.
SPEAKER_L: if you you said you need a website or you're thinking about getting website, you might want to think about um setting up your own development server.
SPEAKER_R: I was thinking that too. But then how
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: could, you know, some people use their own monitors?
SPEAKER_L: well do you have do you have a computer that you can install stuff on outside
SPEAKER_R: Even in there,
SPEAKER_L: of your regular computer they use for school work?
SPEAKER_R: um So I'm planning to get a whole desktop setup, like desktop, so whole rig on black friday, which is plenty of evidence that this is a razor laptop right now. So I'm using this for both school and a month ago when I had time games, I didn't even want to go two months ago. But yeah, so that's why I was thinking because I know some people would have heard is like uh like for my old instructor Robertson, my previous the my one of my first instructors, he told me that he showed me that his server he uses for his website. Drew about music. It's held in a different like he had to buy almost a description to hold it up. And when I was talking to him he said I he said if I want to if I'm gonna be on my computer all the time which I will be gathered for lessons or teaching or whatever later on when I get it I can keep that I can just use my computer as a host for the server. But the problem is he told me to the biggest problem is going to be is it might not happen or it might be have to be prepared if too many people start going on the website it's gonna it can't handle it. That's why because he's well known a lot of people visit his website for lessons and just for to contact him for gigs or whatever. So that's why he has a service. Because if he had his own rig, you'd have to have like a whole multiple setups just to just to support all the people coming in.
SPEAKER_L: Also
SPEAKER_R: What? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: uh most
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: ISps and providers they wouldn't allow you to host your own server basically on
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: their on their service. You know their services just for you getting online internet, not for providing it like every website that I host
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: is on a usually in a co location server form. Uh not on not on site unless I'm dealing with somebody
SPEAKER_R: Doop.
SPEAKER_L: else's but what you could do just for development just to learn how to you know how it works. You can do it, you can set up
SPEAKER_R: Under
SPEAKER_L: your computer is a dual dual boot so you have your boot into Windows 10 or whatever you use to to do your normal work. And at the beginning of it you do a dual boot. So you can go into Lennox um you can install you know a boon to
SPEAKER_R: robert.
SPEAKER_L: or santos or red hat or whatever you want. And once you install that you install they call it lamp which is Apache PHP my SQL. And you can install something like Wordpress
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: on top of that. And that way you would be able to you can develop your own website as you're learning how to do it because I would tell you that if if you got into web development 90% 95% of the work that you would run across would be more impressed. It's just so huge like everybody uses it. Like just every website you see is learning a Wordpress back end so you can set up your own development server, learn how it works, build your own website which is the best way to do it, learn how it does. And then if you wanted to you could migrate from your development server to an actual host. Like there's like host gator or blue host or go Daddy. And they have plans that are like three bucks a month for hosting and you wouldn't have to worry about having too many visitors. It's not running on your computer is running on a server somewhere. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But it would definitely be if you're going to pursue I.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: T.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Anymore. It's definitely a good thing to have your own development, you know servers.
SPEAKER_R: See.
SPEAKER_L: So you can and plus if you break something uh his mouth you know because it's on your own computer so it doesn't you know you have to worry about messing anything up online or something you know? But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I see that makes sense. But I actually kind of forgot about that because I remember to like the internet providers, I know like they mentioned that to like it's just for providing you can host your own servers. I mean, I think I know that's a great area because like, for example, games technically you can, but I mean, I know like Verizon I know from what I've heard, game wise, they're mostly relaxed. You can hold your own service. They don't care as long as it's an egregious amount. But I know for website they're kind of strict on that. Just websites and generally don't allow that. They don't like that.
SPEAKER_L: It could be difficult also because most websites have give you a dynamic I. P. Address. So if your I. P. Address changes, your website is gonna go down, you know because the domain name, whatever your domain name is dot com, whatever is. You know, it's tied
SPEAKER_R: 56
SPEAKER_L: to an I. P. Address. If your I. P. Address changes your website won't resolve anymore. Now there are services
SPEAKER_R: Six.
SPEAKER_L: out there that that work with dynamic I. P. Addresses. So it will actually update based on your I. P. Address. But it's just too much. It's that's not the way to do it. You know the way to do it is to actually host with a company that does web hosting. And it's not very expensive. It's not expensive at all. A couple of dollars a month you to get you know a cheap web host um domain name itself, like Go Daddy has like $5 domain names you can just register, you know, it's it's not very expensive to do that. Um But yeah, I never hosted uh I have my development server, it's behind a firewall. So when I have
SPEAKER_R: Period.
SPEAKER_L: clients, sometimes I set up a development site so they can log in and see you know what's going on and make changes and all that. But it's not live like for everybody to see online, you
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: know it's you know behind protection.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see. Yeah, that's that's actually really interesting. And you run Lennox or do you do what you don't like, what you recommend you do? Like do do you do do do about
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: I have computers, I have many computers but have computers that run that have dual boot. You know my main computer that I use is Windows 10 because I got Photoshop and all that stuff you can you can run that stuff on Lennox also, but you have to run it under a virtual environment, which really
SPEAKER_R: Virginal.
SPEAKER_L: slows everything down. It's not it's better. Windows is like if you're gaming you're going to use Windows, you're not using Linux. It's the same thing for a lot of, a lot of, you know, like Photoshop and developing stuff like that, but for web hosting or for running let's say Wordpress.
SPEAKER_R: Breaking.
SPEAKER_L: Um that's on Lennox um you know, that would that would run on and you can, there's so many variants of Lenox, like a boon to um My favorite now is santos, which I've used a couple installs of and I've never had any problems with it so far. Um but Jose yourself, you gotta keep keep an eye on security, you know, updates and all that stuff because people are always constantly trying to hack into your website. It's like never ending. You know, secure issue. So
SPEAKER_R: I I know about that. But then, um, because another general rule of thumb is like when it comes to personal stuff, you don't really need an antivirus software because you know, if you're stupid, you're gonna get it regardless. But for websites, what service to even use for that. I know Norton, but then at the same time, I I know Norton and like the other one is the other ones that lived in northern, but like um,
SPEAKER_L: check mcafee or Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's like really well known, but like what you've been in the business for a long time, so like what would be the best,
SPEAKER_L: honestly
SPEAKER_R: what's that?
SPEAKER_L: on all. Well, on my Linux boxes, I don't have any, any virus. Uh, there's no, there's really no viruses that work on Lennox.
SPEAKER_R: because I don't really use it.
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's all geared for its Windows and the, I would say the last five years, four or five years, I haven't installed any anti virus on my computer. I just use the built in Microsoft defender or whatever they're calling
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it now. Um, and I've never had an issue. I've never had any problems. You know, usually when you run into those problems, the problem is the person behind a keyboard, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Character.
SPEAKER_L: like, you know, like my mom calls me and she's like, my computer's going, it's like because you opened an email from somebody you don't know because you went to a website and they said download this and you clicked on it. You know, like you have to be careful doing that stuff. But as far as anti
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: virus
SPEAKER_R: perfect
SPEAKER_L: goes, I don't I I used to use Norton, I used to use Mcafee,
SPEAKER_R: small.
SPEAKER_L: there's panda, there's a million things out there. I just use the built in Windows stuff now. It seems seems fine.
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: It works great. Not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_L: worried.
SPEAKER_R: that, yeah. But um I'm not for websites like for websites a five by five, a provider or someone who's hosting it, they cover the whole uh the virus is correct. They covered the whole like firewalls?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they take care of security, but there's no anti virus that runs on a web site itself because most websites run on links. Um even Microsoft's uh like online stuff, their their their website has a Lennox back end, you know, Microsoft offers um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I forgot even what their web server
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: but they don't even use it. Microsoft themselves use a Linux back in because it's reliable and it and it, you know, I've had computers um that were never rebooted for 12 years. Never shut off. Never just 12 years straight running with updates. Because with Lennox you don't have to reboot, you know, everything runs as a separate process as a separate service. You can restart anything with Windows every time you do an update, you got to restart the whole machine. You can't do that when you got a website because it brings your whole website down. So with Lennox, you can just restart the web start or restart the mail service or restart FTP or all these different services that run. So Lennox is more meant for websites, you know? But
SPEAKER_R: And then what?
SPEAKER_L: if you get a web host you don't really have to worry about. They take care of all the updates, you know, because there's always updates, like
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: PHP, there's new updates for PHP that come out all the time, patches for Apache,
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: there's all kinds of stuff that comes out and they take care of all that stuff, you know, once in a while they say, oh, you're, so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: we're going to restart the server because we're installing
SPEAKER_R: You're not
SPEAKER_L: some new database or whatever, but you don't have to worry about doing anything as far as that goes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And then one last thing to um for, so I know I mentioned to that some clients use Dreamweaver while others for Wordpress. So even though Wordpress is obviously used much more than Dreamweaver, then, what would you even use, like what would Dreamweaver, other programs similar do that is a you know that that Wordpress can't do you know, there's like there'll be a reason why you would use that compared to Wordpress. Is there like any specific reason?
SPEAKER_L: I can't think of one at the point at the moment. Um, in the, in the old days, I would say, um it allows you more customization. Everything on Wordpress is based on templates, so, you know, you're, you're building a template or you're modifying a template for the design. Dreamweaver is kind of from scratch, so you can, you can start from scratch and build an actual, you know, completely custom website. Uh, but there's no need to anymore. You know, if you, let's say you wanted
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: website for that had to do with music that had music theme. There's thousands of themes out there that you could just take, change the name, change the content, change the logo, boom, you got a website in like, you know, a day why it start from scratch, why reinvent the wheel? You know, some people, they might feel uncomfortable
SPEAKER_R: They didn't
SPEAKER_L: just being in Wordpress because it's a it's open source, but still it's somebody else's code, you know what I mean? So if like there is a flaw or something that comes out, it affects many websites, if you're doing something custom, your programming it yourself, you know, you know exactly what's in it and you can find out what's in Wordpress,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you know, millions of lines of code that you're not going to go through. But it's great because it's got tens of thousands of developers out there working on it constantly, you know, it really is, I would say it's the future, but it is, it's the present because it's really everybody everybody uses it. I would check it out. They'll set up a development server, play around with it. If you mess it up, it doesn't matter because it's on your own computer, but you can learn a lot doing that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I see. Yeah definitely check that out. But yeah I didn't know that because I know we're learning about Dreamweaver. And again when I looked on like for example even though I hate read it when I looked on Reddit saw people's reviews they said like in their words Dreamweaver is kind of shit compared to everything else. And even though like now reflecting what you just said I can't I can't kind of see that that if workers is so much easier and better because the dream but the whole problem is is that it takes hours of just like you know it just takes hours of little from scratch for some template. The template aren't really that numerous. It's just only a certain amount and you can only do so much at that point, you're on your own.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I don't know if it's still when I use Dreamweaver years ago, it was just basically an editor, you know, here, build your design and all that. Wordpress itself is a content management system. So it's not even just designing a website, it's put in content
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: in, you know, there's a there's your articles, posts, all that stuff, it's all built into it. So somebody with no experience can log in and, you know, here, right, the name of your the title of your article? Right. The content. The article insert images directly into it. You know, it allows you to it's the full package Dreamweaver when I used to use. I don't know if they probably don't have that anymore. Uh like Wordpress notes, but it was just for designing
SPEAKER_R: Big Creek.
SPEAKER_L: It was just for creating the looks, the visuals of it. Um, Wordpress is the entire website. It's got the database that keeps all your, you know, all your content separated from the designing work. You can change your theme anytime you want, you can go in and just change and your website look completely different with all the same content. You know, I mean, it's really the best thing that there is really, and
SPEAKER_R: I think that is true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and there's a plug ins, there's plug ins that allow you to do everything, you know, you want a calendar boom, there's a calendar, you want to, you know, like special uh like pop up Windows for, I mean, there's anything you can think of to add to a website. Somebody already created a plug in that does it. And all you gotta do is install the plug in and hit uh activate. It's really good. I would check it out if, you know, you can even sign up, get a free website with Wordpress um online, they'll host before you and you can just play around, they learn the back end of it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because also do the plug ins. I know Dreamweaver out because I was working on plugging earlier. It's a pain in my ass because you have to go to the html code, have to figure all this out and the look by the book and like if I didn't have the book, I would be lost. And I know people who are like, I'm not people, I feel like the pressure just easier because by Dreamweaver, you have to either be experienced enough to know it or you have to have the book and even the books, not even enough. Sometimes it's just way too confusing. Sometimes it just doesn't make sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Word prices the easiest, easiest way to go as far as anything goes now is websites, if you if you want a website
SPEAKER_R: Believe this thing.
SPEAKER_L: or develop it for somebody else, every every time I meet somebody, I'm like, we're gonna do Wordpress. And they're like, what's that? And I said, here's the link. Go to this work, this website, it'll explain everything about what Wordpress is, and we can make your website look like whatever you want it to look like, and you can maintain it yourself. You have to call me every you know every day and say all you need to put up a new article, I need to put up a new you just go in and do it yourself. You know once I've got the design laid out you know and so it's pretty easy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But um yeah, thank you so much. This is this is really insightful because I was really lucky to come by you like a web designer because I know I eventually have to open up my own. But yeah, it was really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Hey good luck and I hope the music turns out and your I. T. Turns out hang in there and
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: great, it was great meeting you,
SPEAKER_R: Likewise have a good day, man.
SPEAKER_L: youtube teacher.