something good? Yeah. And mm hmm. Yeah. Well, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What? Mm. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. I, mm hmm, mm.
Hey, how's it
going?
I'm good.
No worries. What were you practicing?
cool.
You can put a little, you're gonna put a little show on for me, do a little
playing?
I'm George,
Nice to meet you.
Yes, of course.
How long have you been playing for?
I'm in Delaware,
No.
Are you um Virtual or are you is there in class learning at all?
No. Is
that what it is like?
Yeah. Are you expecting to go back to um regular classes this year or is it going to be all virtual?
Yeah, that makes sense. I wouldn't blame you for that. I wouldn't want to do that either. It's right now, it's just too risky, you know?
Yeah, That's cool. Yeah.
I'm
an unnamed web development. I have my own company and I do web development, I do uh you know, build websites for people and stuff like that.
Um I did a long time ago now basically I would say probably 90% 95% of the work that I do is Wordpress.
Every everything everything is Wordpress. Every I mean I think Wordpress runs like 80% of all websites
at this point or
something, it's kind of ridiculous. But for setting up people depends on the on the scale of the company or the website, what they're looking for, but what word price is great because it allows people to do, you know, stuff themselves, you know, it's pretty much, you know, with the wig as far as that goes, that anybody could go in and do that kind of stuff once I set it up for him um
which is not as good for me because I get paid by, you know hourly. So
if they want me to do work, you know that it costs a lot more, but it's not bad. I mean I'm not complaining because I've always worked from home so this hasn't changed at all. You know, everything I do is remote as far as this goes. You know, I have clients all over the place, I have like one client in Delaware, everybody else's, you know, somewhere else. So
are
we?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't uh most of the people that I go to if they, a lot of people usually already have a website, so if I'm doing anything, it's like I'm updating their website. I've had some migrations where people had an existing website and they wanted to go to A CMS system like like Wordpress or to paul or something like that. But really Wordpress is basically the way to go. As far as, you know, most
companies that I deal with, you know, some places our in house, they've got their own databases and all that stuff. But no, it's it's, you know, I'm not digging a ditch. So it's pretty it's pretty good. It's good work. I don't mind it at all. It's a there's a lot of learning though. It's a constant constant learning forever. You know, I've seen things change over the years. I've been doing this since 96. So
you know.
Yeah. I mean, I know if you ever heard a front page
like, you know.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's, well, it's just changed. It's changed so much as far as the, the environments, you know, everything is mobile now, you know, that didn't exist 10 years ago. There wasn't really a mobile, you know, nobody had smartphones or anything, but now everything is, you know, I'd say I do more development for uh
for smartphones that I do for actual desktops. You know, when I build a site,
people are like looking on their phones, like, oh, what
about this?
And I'm like,
do you have a computer and do you ever look at your, you know, a desktop? But you know, it's it's okay. It
is,
it's really equal, I would say, you know, since I do all my development on an actual computer, um that's how I'm looking at things to begin with, but I have tablets, you know, I have ipads and android tablets and multiple phones, and so I have to try it. You know, I have to test things
on
basically, you know, everything
that I have. You know, there's there's virtual environments you can go into online
also that, you know, they'll show you okay, this is what it looks like on Firefox, this what looks like on Chrome, this is what it's actually gotten a little easier because the browser's themselves have kind of unified a bit um
10 years ago what showed on Internet Explorer, it didn't work on Chrome, didn't work on, you know, Netscape or you know, there was all these different browsers and they all use their own code. So you would have to develop and fix it. You know, I would develop for chrome and then I would look at it
on Internet Explorer and I'd be like, oh it's not working here, I'd have to figure out how to get it to work on their, you know, nowadays, like with edge, edge browser, because they're using basically the chrome back end now, the chromium back end, which was before google about it. Um the only one is uh that's still pretty big I guess is Firefox and I
use it sometimes Firefox, but I think firefox is kind of dropping off quite a bit in share market share
people are just not, I mean, even though their their whole thing is privacy, you know, that's their their big thing that they've really focused on is privacy, but as far as
the other browsers go, most of the stuff I do is chrome is developing for chrome or on android as well, and Microsoft made it easier by going to the to the same back end is everybody else. So developments gotten a little easier and as far as responsive design and stuff, I don't know if you have no bootstrap, uh,
so, you know, you build a framework and, and it's already, it exists, you're, you're basically just, you know, changing how it looks and it's already set up to work on most mobile devices or, you know, tablets or whatever you can think of. So it's, it used to be a lot more difficult to develop websites, but now it's it's gotten a lot easier and then they have things like wicks and all these ones that where you can just do it yourself, which I steer away from that for people usually, um, because you're not really in control of
your website when you do something like that, you know, and, and, and it's all, I don't know if, you know, weeks, it runs all on jobs grip the entire obvious script. There's no there's no html back end to it. It's just all jobs you turn your javascript off websites don't work at all, you know, with something like Wix but for some people that don't want to spend any money and they want something quick, you know, weeks is like 10 minutes, you've got a website, you know? But I I work more with like businesses than than people. I've done some some some websites for people, but most of it is for like businesses.
Mhm
and
if you you said you need a website or you're thinking about getting website, you might want to think about um setting up your own development server.
I mean
well do you have do you have a computer that you can install stuff on outside
of your regular computer they use for school work?
Also
uh most
ISps and providers they wouldn't allow you to host your own server basically on
their on their service. You know their services just for you getting online internet, not for providing it like every website that I host
is on a usually in a co location server form. Uh not on not on site unless I'm dealing with somebody
else's but what you could do just for development just to learn how to you know how it works. You can do it, you can set up
your computer is a dual dual boot so you have your boot into Windows 10 or whatever you use to to do your normal work. And at the beginning of it you do a dual boot. So you can go into Lennox um you can install you know a boon to
or santos or red hat or whatever you want. And once you install that you install they call it lamp which is Apache PHP my SQL. And you can install something like Wordpress
on top of that. And that way you would be able to you can develop your own website as you're learning how to do it because I would tell you that if if you got into web development 90% 95% of the work that you would run across would be more impressed. It's just so huge like everybody uses it. Like just every website you see is learning a Wordpress back end so you can set up your own development server, learn how it works, build your own website which is the best way to do it, learn how it does. And then if you wanted to you could migrate from your development server to an actual host. Like there's like host gator or blue host or go Daddy. And they have plans that are like three bucks a month for hosting and you wouldn't have to worry about having too many visitors. It's not running on your computer is running on a server somewhere. Um
But it would definitely be if you're going to pursue I.
T.
Anymore. It's definitely a good thing to have your own development, you know servers.
So you can and plus if you break something uh his mouth you know because it's on your own computer so it doesn't you know you have to worry about messing anything up online or something you know? But
It could be difficult also because most websites have give you a dynamic I. P. Address. So if your I. P. Address changes, your website is gonna go down, you know because the domain name, whatever your domain name is dot com, whatever is. You know, it's tied
to an I. P. Address. If your I. P. Address changes your website won't resolve anymore. Now there are services
out there that that work with dynamic I. P. Addresses. So it will actually update based on your I. P. Address. But it's just too much. It's that's not the way to do it. You know the way to do it is to actually host with a company that does web hosting. And it's not very expensive. It's not expensive at all. A couple of dollars a month you to get you know a cheap web host um domain name itself, like Go Daddy has like $5 domain names you can just register, you know, it's it's not very expensive to do that. Um But yeah, I never hosted uh I have my development server, it's behind a firewall. So when I have
clients, sometimes I set up a development site so they can log in and see you know what's going on and make changes and all that. But it's not live like for everybody to see online, you
know it's you know behind protection.
So. Uh huh.
I
have
I have computers, I have many computers but have computers that run that have dual boot. You know my main computer that I use is Windows 10 because I got Photoshop and all that stuff you can you can run that stuff on Lennox also, but you have to run it under a virtual environment, which really
slows everything down. It's not it's better. Windows is like if you're gaming you're going to use Windows, you're not using Linux. It's the same thing for a lot of, a lot of, you know, like Photoshop and developing stuff like that, but for web hosting or for running let's say Wordpress.
Um that's on Lennox um you know, that would that would run on and you can, there's so many variants of Lenox, like a boon to um My favorite now is santos, which I've used a couple installs of and I've never had any problems with it so far. Um but Jose yourself, you gotta keep keep an eye on security, you know, updates and all that stuff because people are always constantly trying to hack into your website. It's like never ending. You know, secure issue. So
check mcafee or Yeah,
honestly
on all. Well, on my Linux boxes, I don't have any, any virus. Uh, there's no, there's really no viruses that work on Lennox.
it's, it's all geared for its Windows and the, I would say the last five years, four or five years, I haven't installed any anti virus on my computer. I just use the built in Microsoft defender or whatever they're calling
it now. Um, and I've never had an issue. I've never had any problems. You know, usually when you run into those problems, the problem is the person behind a keyboard, you know,
like, you know, like my mom calls me and she's like, my computer's going, it's like because you opened an email from somebody you don't know because you went to a website and they said download this and you clicked on it. You know, like you have to be careful doing that stuff. But as far as anti
virus
goes, I don't I I used to use Norton, I used to use Mcafee,
there's panda, there's a million things out there. I just use the built in Windows stuff now. It seems seems fine.
It works great. Not
worried.
Yeah, they take care of security, but there's no anti virus that runs on a web site itself because most websites run on links. Um even Microsoft's uh like online stuff, their their their website has a Lennox back end, you know, Microsoft offers um
I forgot even what their web server
is.
but they don't even use it. Microsoft themselves use a Linux back in because it's reliable and it and it, you know, I've had computers um that were never rebooted for 12 years. Never shut off. Never just 12 years straight running with updates. Because with Lennox you don't have to reboot, you know, everything runs as a separate process as a separate service. You can restart anything with Windows every time you do an update, you got to restart the whole machine. You can't do that when you got a website because it brings your whole website down. So with Lennox, you can just restart the web start or restart the mail service or restart FTP or all these different services that run. So Lennox is more meant for websites, you know? But
if you get a web host you don't really have to worry about. They take care of all the updates, you know, because there's always updates, like
PHP, there's new updates for PHP that come out all the time, patches for Apache,
there's all kinds of stuff that comes out and they take care of all that stuff, you know, once in a while they say, oh, you're, so
we're going to restart the server because we're installing
some new database or whatever, but you don't have to worry about doing anything as far as that goes.
I can't think of one at the point at the moment. Um, in the, in the old days, I would say, um it allows you more customization. Everything on Wordpress is based on templates, so, you know, you're, you're building a template or you're modifying a template for the design. Dreamweaver is kind of from scratch, so you can, you can start from scratch and build an actual, you know, completely custom website. Uh, but there's no need to anymore. You know, if you, let's say you wanted
website for that had to do with music that had music theme. There's thousands of themes out there that you could just take, change the name, change the content, change the logo, boom, you got a website in like, you know, a day why it start from scratch, why reinvent the wheel? You know, some people, they might feel uncomfortable
just being in Wordpress because it's a it's open source, but still it's somebody else's code, you know what I mean? So if like there is a flaw or something that comes out, it affects many websites, if you're doing something custom, your programming it yourself, you know, you know exactly what's in it and you can find out what's in Wordpress,
but
you know, millions of lines of code that you're not going to go through. But it's great because it's got tens of thousands of developers out there working on it constantly, you know, it really is, I would say it's the future, but it is, it's the present because it's really everybody everybody uses it. I would check it out. They'll set up a development server, play around with it. If you mess it up, it doesn't matter because it's on your own computer, but you can learn a lot doing that. Yeah.
Well, I don't know if it's still when I use Dreamweaver years ago, it was just basically an editor, you know, here, build your design and all that. Wordpress itself is a content management system. So it's not even just designing a website, it's put in content
in, you know, there's a there's your articles, posts, all that stuff, it's all built into it. So somebody with no experience can log in and, you know, here, right, the name of your the title of your article? Right. The content. The article insert images directly into it. You know, it allows you to it's the full package Dreamweaver when I used to use. I don't know if they probably don't have that anymore. Uh like Wordpress notes, but it was just for designing
It was just for creating the looks, the visuals of it. Um, Wordpress is the entire website. It's got the database that keeps all your, you know, all your content separated from the designing work. You can change your theme anytime you want, you can go in and just change and your website look completely different with all the same content. You know, I mean, it's really the best thing that there is really, and
and there's a plug ins, there's plug ins that allow you to do everything, you know, you want a calendar boom, there's a calendar, you want to, you know, like special uh like pop up Windows for, I mean, there's anything you can think of to add to a website. Somebody already created a plug in that does it. And all you gotta do is install the plug in and hit uh activate. It's really good. I would check it out if, you know, you can even sign up, get a free website with Wordpress um online, they'll host before you and you can just play around, they learn the back end of it, you know?
Yeah. Word prices the easiest, easiest way to go as far as anything goes now is websites, if you if you want a website
or develop it for somebody else, every every time I meet somebody, I'm like, we're gonna do Wordpress. And they're like, what's that? And I said, here's the link. Go to this work, this website, it'll explain everything about what Wordpress is, and we can make your website look like whatever you want it to look like, and you can maintain it yourself. You have to call me every you know every day and say all you need to put up a new article, I need to put up a new you just go in and do it yourself. You know once I've got the design laid out you know and so it's pretty easy.
You too. Hey good luck and I hope the music turns out and your I. T. Turns out hang in there and
great, it was great meeting you,
youtube teacher.