there we go.
I'm
doing good. How about you?
Yeah, sorry, it's a bit late. I was practicing. Sorry.
Uh practicing just scales thirds violent. Oh.
Mhm.
You know,
I'm pretty sure that the study wants us to talk but like, hey, if they if they said sure why not? But I think they want such a straight talk. But yeah, I'm currently like my name is alexander, cute songs. Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, I have a double major at you ever heard of George mason,
yep, I'm a double major there. I'm both information technology B. CS and also music pedagogy, B. A. Right. Yeah,
right. Um playing violin in general since I was like second grade, but I really didn't care until like I want to say my junior year of high school. Uh Yeah, like the yeah the junior year of high school, the second half of junior year, that's when I started taking lessons for the first time. And from then on forge I pretty much like um I had to prepare because my audition for college at that point for GM you wasn't a year. And even though like you live by Virginia, right?
It's okay. So you said you definitely heard of GM you then? Yeah. To the School of Music. It's um that's actually the, what's it called? This Sit Dewberry School of Music, but it's really difficult to get in now because I know that because of like,
again, how much funding we got and like now I'm starting to get known the School of Music, the required like, you know, the Spars been said higher. So I had a year to get prepared. Pretty much like practice. Like uh it was insane but was able to get in and then um I also want to do a double major and I teach us as a backup, like if I get injured, so I have that to work as So yeah my second year right now.
for music. Not really. And I'm virtually all the time. Which it's okay. I mean like um uh I. T. It kind of sucks because again like I think you have you ever seen a photo of a dog walking himself with his own leash?
That's
how I feel like genuinely just walking like I'm just somehow just you know walking myself in my own leash because I had to google everything. The lectures don't really help because I can't answer all of your questions. And now there's a lab to so that's why I like a lot of us are struggling in I. T. Because it's much different. The format.
Yeah. All virtual until like maybe the fall of next year depending there's a vaccine because like um I personally don't want to go on campus until like, you know? Um Mostly because to like parking is expensive when you think you've heard of that, it's really expensive. Which I hate. So And also my professor I study under, she um she's gonna compromise. She is not going to come on campus unless a vaccine comes. And like for me, I'm only gonna go on campus, but she's on campus because but it's better to have impressed message. So that's why until she goes back. I'm not going back.
Yes. We're too stressful.
So what do you uh what's your, what field do you study? Like
work?
do use Dreamweaver?
I mean Oh,
Are
great.
Yeah.
Or
Oh, I see. Oh, it's pretty cool. I mean like mm hmm. Like because right now I'm actually learning web development. That's why I
also
learned because like the height of course I'm taking is I. T. To 13 which is mostly going over like uh Photoshop Dreamweaver. Oh my God. Dream I heard Dreamweaver is a nightmare. And like it kind of I never tried wordpress. But like I kind of like Dreamweaver because it's really specific. But I feel like Wordpress is like more use mostly because it's more simple because Dreamweaver, it's really complex. You have to know it. That's what I hate. Like even though I'm kind of decent at it now, it's still a genuine pain in my ass to figure out.
What?
So you
were around for since? Yeah. So you were around in the very beginning? Oh my gosh,
I
kind of heard of that, but that's already know that's already really ancient already.
What?
What?
Many
people
think,
so
that's that that's so like since it is responsive web design, right, that's the correct term, But then if you focus more of your time on uh the mobile, you know, like the mobile size rather than the computers, or is it like equal? Yeah.
For
people
perform?
Thank
Yeah.
Well,
there,
Oh, it has, yeah.
All
butcher Yeah.
No.
Yes. Oh, I see. Yeah. Because I'm actually thinking myself I know eventually I have to because have to eventually open up my own website because I actually teach at the moment. So the students I teach, there's three right now and possibly 1/4 and 1/5. But I teach a person because they're okay with it. So that's why I said sure. So I teach a person and they know me only because my email, my phone number. That's it. And I know that like in the music world is kind of small. So like there's not really small people talk all the time either because the toxic or you know, they just like to talk. So that's why I always try to keep the best reputation I can. But I know like in order to get more out of it I guess I'm more state like more known in a sense. I have to open up a website. But the problem is opening the websites have to make my own logo too because that's the thing. So after either like have my I could use my last name is a logo because I know my last name is actually. There's actually no one else in the world my last name. No one else keeps on hyphenated. There's no one else on the other one that exists. So I could use that. But then after like figure out the logo. And I also figured the design layout to and then I also have like you know like studio policies because I have a studio. Yeah I'm still a colour student. So um until I until I get like my doctors and I'll be able to open up the studio. But even then yeah and then also to figure out too because I'm doing I. T I can't, like once I graduate I have to at least be like on call or somewhat part time with either, I think you have a microphone Lockheed martin have to be one of them at least. So then when I go to conservatory because I'm thinking of either going to conservatory in Cleveland, Ohio Cleveland. See I am clearly institute of Music, I'm not Julia. Hey Julia, I'm sorry, I can't stand it, I hate new york, I'm never going there. Uh
Yeah possibly Jacobs in indiana um not L. A. Conservative. That sucks. Um They don't want them to think of like overseas, probably like soul conservatory Germany not really Germany because the language that's a problem too because if I go to different country I have to learn since I'm gonna be doing my master's there even if it's just two years I have to at least somewhat not only understand but be able to respond in simple phrases the language because the structures I'm going to work with their purely german or they learn and they know english but the more expressive in their native tongue so that would be a pain in my ass. But as I'm thinking like one of the country's probably overseas but even if I'm overseas um if I'm part time around call because this whole covid thing a lot of I. T. People especially like who work at security or whatever there you know they they work at home, they have a whole desktop setup and they just do their work and if it's on call is even less because as long as I'm still kept up up today, at least yearly or relatively on call, that's fine because that's my plan to do. Like when I go to conservatory or when I actually don't, my doctorates, um I'm kind of being like a soloist slash instructor or professor hybrid, like my professor, my professors, both the soloist because I study under june kwang, she's known throughout the world, she's known really well known in the country and she's performed at different venues all over the country and all over the world. Australia Germany you name and you stay there. So she's kind of a legend, but she likes teaching as much likes performance, so she equally does both. So some weeks she says, I have to go to whatever country and to perform. So then we'll just have live online lessons, which I'm fine with. Other
times. I mean she won't have performances for months because she's really busy but that's how it is. That's why I kind of want to be too. But when I do that still I'm thinking of when I go to university like when I apply for University of Conservatory because I think you know a conservatory isn't I didn't mention that. You know that is yeah conservatory is pretty much like the equivalent of ivy League. So it's really one of its that so it's really one of them. But what I'm thinking is when I apply for university I could both be a professor of music and also assisting the I. T. Department because I know I d. People are always needed. Yeah because I know it's a really difficult field and I'm luckily adapted like technology and I'm pretty I'm pretty good at tech but a lot of people aren't. Which kind of sucks even people in my age, they struggle because it's really difficult. Like java. Oh my God, I hate java. I'm still getting used to it. It's a pain.
I was thinking that too. But then how
could, you know, some people use their own monitors?
Even in there,
um So I'm planning to get a whole desktop setup, like desktop, so whole rig on black friday, which is plenty of evidence that this is a razor laptop right now. So I'm using this for both school and a month ago when I had time games, I didn't even want to go two months ago. But yeah, so that's why I was thinking because I know some people would have heard is like uh like for my old instructor Robertson, my previous the my one of my first instructors, he told me that he showed me that his server he uses for his website. Drew about music. It's held in a different like he had to buy almost a description to hold it up. And when I was talking to him he said I he said if I want to if I'm gonna be on my computer all the time which I will be gathered for lessons or teaching or whatever later on when I get it I can keep that I can just use my computer as a host for the server. But the problem is he told me to the biggest problem is going to be is it might not happen or it might be have to be prepared if too many people start going on the website it's gonna it can't handle it. That's why because he's well known a lot of people visit his website for lessons and just for to contact him for gigs or whatever. So that's why he has a service. Because if he had his own rig, you'd have to have like a whole multiple setups just to just to support all the people coming in.
What? Mhm.
Yeah.
All
But
Doop.
Under
robert.
Just
Mhm.
Thank
you.
See.
Yeah, I see that makes sense. But I actually kind of forgot about that because I remember to like the internet providers, I know like they mentioned that to like it's just for providing you can host your own servers. I mean, I think I know that's a great area because like, for example, games technically you can, but I mean, I know like Verizon I know from what I've heard, game wise, they're mostly relaxed. You can hold your own service. They don't care as long as it's an egregious amount. But I know for website they're kind of strict on that. Just websites and generally don't allow that. They don't like that.
56
Six.
Period.
Thanks.
But
Oh, I see. Yeah, that's that's actually really interesting. And you run Lennox or do you do what you don't like, what you recommend you do? Like do do you do do do about
do
you?
Virginal.
Breaking.
I I know about that. But then, um, because another general rule of thumb is like when it comes to personal stuff, you don't really need an antivirus software because you know, if you're stupid, you're gonna get it regardless. But for websites, what service to even use for that. I know Norton, but then at the same time, I I know Norton and like the other one is the other ones that lived in northern, but like um,
it's like really well known, but like what you've been in the business for a long time, so like what would be the best,
what's that?
because I don't really use it.
All
Character.
It's
perfect
small.
my
Yeah, I think
that, yeah. But um I'm not for websites like for websites a five by five, a provider or someone who's hosting it, they cover the whole uh the virus is correct. They covered the whole like firewalls?
Mhm.
It's
like a
And then what?
Thanks.
it is,
What?
You're not
Okay. And then one last thing to um for, so I know I mentioned to that some clients use Dreamweaver while others for Wordpress. So even though Wordpress is obviously used much more than Dreamweaver, then, what would you even use, like what would Dreamweaver, other programs similar do that is a you know that that Wordpress can't do you know, there's like there'll be a reason why you would use that compared to Wordpress. Is there like any specific reason?
All right.
They didn't
Thank
you.
I see. Yeah definitely check that out. But yeah I didn't know that because I know we're learning about Dreamweaver. And again when I looked on like for example even though I hate read it when I looked on Reddit saw people's reviews they said like in their words Dreamweaver is kind of shit compared to everything else. And even though like now reflecting what you just said I can't I can't kind of see that that if workers is so much easier and better because the dream but the whole problem is is that it takes hours of just like you know it just takes hours of little from scratch for some template. The template aren't really that numerous. It's just only a certain amount and you can only do so much at that point, you're on your own.
I mean,
Big Creek.
I think that is true. Yeah.
Yeah, because also do the plug ins. I know Dreamweaver out because I was working on plugging earlier. It's a pain in my ass because you have to go to the html code, have to figure all this out and the look by the book and like if I didn't have the book, I would be lost. And I know people who are like, I'm not people, I feel like the pressure just easier because by Dreamweaver, you have to either be experienced enough to know it or you have to have the book and even the books, not even enough. Sometimes it's just way too confusing. Sometimes it just doesn't make sense.
Believe this thing.
Yeah. But um yeah, thank you so much. This is this is really insightful because I was really lucky to come by you like a web designer because I know I eventually have to open up my own. But yeah, it was really nice talking to you.
I know.
Likewise have a good day, man.