No. Hello?
Hi.
All right. Can you see me and hear me okay?
Yes I can.
I'm Karen,
nice to meet you. I'm not sure. Do you know what we're supposed to chat about?
I didn't either. Just that we need to chat for at least 25 minutes.
well yeah, then that's what we can do. I bet we could find things to talk about.
Be
here. Yeah. The sunny.
Well I live near Portland. So it's our typical, typical Portland weather. It's been, you know cloudy and rainy and like the next 10 days the forecast has this is being cloudy and rainy but that's okay. I like, I like the weather in Portland
I
guess.
Yeah. I moved out here kind of from Montana and Wyoming kind of one of those deals because I have family out here. So that's what got me out here and and I like it and I love being near the beach. Are you very close to water? Uh huh.
All
I know. Yeah. Yeah, I know where that is. Yeah.
I am. I'm about an hour and five minutes from the beach what from the closest one? But it's nice because on the coast I can choose easily any of three nice speeches to go to. Um,
I'm from Maryland and so yeah, so I understand. I mean, the gulf stream, you know, makes a huge difference. And um, it, and it's all, you know, sandy and nice and here in Portland. I mean, I would never consider swimming in the ocean because it's too cold.
I'll wait up to my, uh halfway up my uh, laying halfway up my time in me, but it's too cold. Doesn't matter what time of year.
I have.
It is. It's, I mean it's totally, I know when I moved out here and I said I started by moving into the Wyoming Montana area, it was like a different planet. I had just no idea how different it would be, but probably my heart in Montana, I love that the best. Uh but uh, but I love my grandchildren more. Yeah,
I have a significant other still back in Wyoming and it's hard being a long distance, but the grandkids are only going to be young for so long, you know, and there's going to be the time when, you know, in their team, so I don't want to see nana every weekend I'm going to go do my friends thing or, you know, and so I want to catch these years where they're really excited that nana comes over.
so yeah, and then maybe maybe I'll go back to Wyoming then but that's a long enough time
I can't
even think about it.
Oh wow! Big difference.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah it is and it's We um we um lived for a while and very southwestern Montana. I mean I think we were 15 miles from the Idaho line and we managed to lodge that was up on a mountain overlooking this ridge. We're looking it's two mountain ranges in a valley and you can see what a clear day 50 60 miles up the valley and we were managers of a lodge and it was just the beauty. I mean it's always that will always be in my heart lived the five years that we lived there. You know, not only just
work,
you can you know drive around and you know and do so many things and I think those were those were some good times and I don't want to live up on the mountain anymore you know I'm glad it's still in my heart. Yeah Dad.
stay there.
I
know
we
have
no.
you
but
thank
you
way
we pretty much from maybe november um I personally could not drive down and manage the ice and the snow. We had a long drive to get to the town and I could not, I didn't have the skill to be on that much ice I mean I don't know okay driver but it was so bad And so I couldn't drive for three or 4 months a year.
it was like
little scary but
whenever there's any like an inch of snow they call it Snowmageddon here because people just freak out. So there was a scattering the snow that was gone within our once since I've been here. So you know so it does it can happen but not often of course you go to you know Mount Hood and you know there's plenty of snow up there but I don't know I'm not not at all seeing plenty I've shoveled more than I can even want to but
bye.
Yeah but you know Maryland you could go years without a decent snow and then you know it would have a you know then you have a winter where it would snow. I mean you know most of time you didn't have a white christmas.
The eighth.
The
interest is
bad.
Ice
is
worse than ice
is worse than snow.
Yeah. No ISIS you know that's terrible when it's ice storm, when we had ice storms, which we did or what we would have is it would snow
and
then get warm and melt then of course it would get code again so the snow would freak top, you know? So you know, I used was a constant problem for us up on the mountain. One of the big reasons I couldn't drive down that thing and it wasn't because the snow is so deep. It was
the title. Yeah. So,
so those are nice times I was a lot younger than and things change.
Oh my gosh,
I didn't hit you.
fine.
Clean
up. Must have been terrible.
Mom,
what?
Good.
that's
lot.
Did you have flooding too?
No.
Oh my gosh. Oh
my gosh, I was visiting my dad in West Palm Beach and no one remembers it because it's not important. Hurricane Harriet came over and it was it wasn't you know, I don't even know it was probably class to, it wasn't that much, it was not a wind issue is the flooding that all the canals backed up
and I was three or four days till we could get out and you know that was that was the issue is the flooding and chris they build the houses up on like little mound I guess around there. So you know your house is the house was fine but you know the roads were completely covered until the canals could drain. Okay that was my big
hurricane experience.
That
doesn't mean I know where the water table is gonna be the water table.
that
I think people, you know that build linking, you think on the north Carolina outer banks, you know, you're going to get hit, it is not, you know, you're going to get hit and so unless you're very rich
and
can build one of those, you know, deep piling houses, you know, you're
going to
get rid
I
don't think,
I think
it's going to happen to other people, not them. Yeah.
Yeah. You're just not quite in the
curve of that, of that hurricane curve. Now
I guess something we worry about is the big earthquake since we have such a big fault right under us. You know, I have and this is just for amusement. This has nothing to do with the big earthquake. But I have a little app on my phone and you can hit and it shows you any earthquakes, you know, around, it just amuses me as I, because I'm waiting for the big earthquake. But you
know,
it
it's you know, it's not, you know, I I don't think the big one is going to come ahead. I'm not prepared to hope it does. I don't know what I would do, but I don't know. It's just you know, a little little things that just unusual, life checking and and there's one the one place and it's kind of interesting. It's been called the Gifford Gifford pinchot National Forest. And there's one spot
that almost every day has a very small earthquake. And what makes it interesting is Gifford pinchot was the very first Forest Service. I hate to say employee. He was the head of it. He was the very first and I think of him having an earthquake every day.
I thought
that's him rolling over in the grave on what
we've
national forests. So I'm obviously not true, but that's what I,
so I just,
yeah, yeah. In fact, I just read a book that had, he wasn't the main main characters up in the beginning, but it talked about him. It was called The Big Burn and it was about humongous forest fire in the 1930s. Um, and and it was a fascinating book about how, I don't know how in the world they didn't have trails to get up to places to fight. Of course they didn't, the only firefighting had was an axe and a shovel and then how they didn't have, they didn't pay. I mean if you were a forester, maybe um, you had a salary, but it might be three months until the government decided to give it to you. And so these guys, these guys were really dedicated. Um, and then they brought the army in and and
interesting enough that brought the buffalo soldiers in, I don't know if you know who they are, they were
they brought the buffalo soldiers in and they were they were credited with saving a town. Yeah.
No.
was, I mean it was, I read it with the Book Club, I'm not sure I would have picked it up on my own, you know, and that's one of the, it's really stuck with me and a good part of it was the canyon that it was bad in the canyon. I'm really familiar with it on the drive from Montana to Portland. So it's you know, it was like I know exactly where you're talking about
anyway.
I
no, I hadn't heard that, tell me more.
No,
I don't know how I missed that when I've been reading about it but I did.
You're kidding
me.
what is what is, Yeah what is the mindset did you see? And that was published quite a bit. It was a Nasa composited picture of all the fires. You know what I'm talking about? I think that's the one when I saw that that was like when it really hit me. You know what it was about. You know that was the thing that made me really start reading the articles and you know really I understand what I missed that. It was arson more.
I really interesting thing why the koala bears are dying in that you know they like the eucalyptus trees and their response to danger is to climb higher. Excuse me sorry is to climb higher and higher. So they get to near the top of the tree higher gets to a eucalyptus tree. And what does eucalyptus having a lot of oil, Right. As well. And so it just explodes and that's why that's why they die,
there's no run, they don't run for safety, you know there.
Right. Yeah I read that and I thought that was interesting and you
know it
yeah I think I oh no of course you always you know nowadays I I always try to read reliable news but it's but I'm not sure
where I take one. That's hard to do but.
my
gosh.
Well
I am of course why would I know went much about anything about the Australian government? I mean I don't but the politics that's coming out of here despite the you know, they've been having bad fires anyway and then and then they cut back on, you know, the fire plans and, you know, they back on the climate change issues and now here and so that's been interesting because I don't know that.
No.
I don't I don't I don't understand, it's it's government capitulating to two companies who want to do whatever they want to do and that's what they're very powerful and that's not just there, it's around the
world, you know?
Prime Minister Mr
God,
need to be,
I've seen a fair number of pictures of exhausted firefighters, you know, exhausted to the and then all they're able to do is catch a nap and then they're back out there, you know, those pictures are, you know, they're just that that they can do, that's amazing, you know, that they can
I don't
have to
do
it.
They
are
gravely interestingly enough. I know a fair amount about wild like wild fires in that when we grew up at that lodge we had two major wildfires up there And one of them came to about 200 yards of our property and it was finally stopped and one of them was on our property but a low slope and like one of here's something I learned that was just amazing was that especially with the one everything would burn and then we think we got it but the fire can smolder down the roots and then where the trees are attached overlapping of roots. And then when it be hot in the afternoon after the next day proof fire would come back and others and I didn't know that. And part of the, we had a big pond and where the first fire was. Um they set up the they're what's the word I want you know their control center because they could
see from a good distance and they directed where the planes would drop the you know the stuff in the helicopters where they would drop their buckets and it was it was interesting. It was it was scary. They were evacuated because they told us we had to coming back and they said their thing up we had beautiful grass all around and they said that it would be impossible for the lodge to um to burn you know little cabins were you know being here and we didn't said all that green wet grass never burned. Yeah so that was another
another interesting thing in my life. I learned a lot of firefighting
but
oh my gosh
You are helpless. You know you are helpless when the thing I was talking about where the trees come get you know get back on fire you know the next day the big problem we had was it happened and the fire blew up in a
slash
pile
you know if you know what that is that the pile of yeah slash pile and it like exploded and it raced up the hill and honestly five if it was five more minutes when the firemen got there that would have been it. I mean it was that is that close you know we were like with our little hoses trying to hose down. It's like it sounded just
like they said it sounded like a train. It honestly good as it came up. I that was one of the most
frightening
feelings I had like all you did is drop the stupid hose and run and then thank you. Environment came that was the other thing it sounded like just like a train.
So pretty.
Yeah all the things that happened right
I'm in before,
yep. Make us what we are, make us what we are. So
you said you have now you have two Children. Mhm.
What what city? It's in
Rapid
city is a nice city. It really is. People
in the Black Hills are there are really nice recreational area and
the
good for them.
that
is neat.
That's a long guy.
no the roads
will be
terrible
you
know
I don't miss that's one thing I don't miss it that real cold. You know when
I lived out there that's
no no you take it in stride. Everybody has heavy clothes and it is true that it's a drier climate so you don't need to I mean that definitely you know is true. So
but still I'm done that. I don't know maybe I will go back to Wyoming but it would be eight or nine years so who knows what can happen in eight or nine years. Yeah.
I can't figure out what's going to happen next year.
And
and
traveling
But
I'm like you I'm quiet here at home and I like it. There's many days I don't even leave the house and that's just fine with me. Or
I have my little my little track where I have to pick up prescriptions and I get vegetables at Albertsons and the dollar store always says something I want and then walmart. That's my little trick that when I go on go I do try to get to the beach every month in the better weather. It's going now when it's raining. Oh otherwise I don't I don't go anywhere here.
sorry.
good. Right.
Yeah I'm arthritis in my foot. I can get injections but every three months and I'm getting close to my next injection I can tell. But I take an arthritis swim class and that's been really helpful. You
know.
I'm really glad
I
I've been I've been enjoying it and then you know it's really I'm able to exercise that I have not been able to do you know even a medium length walk. It it'll hurt too much. So
miracle I had been in renders pain for a year. I mean sometimes I would get in the car after wal mart and crying because it hurts so bad. And finally took him a long time. They finally did an M. R. I. And yeah I've got a problem. And three little shots later. A miracle. Yeah, it's just a miracle
I
put
And
you
know,
It's a miracle. I was like I wasted a year of my life in that much pain until you know I finally got a simple answer. It's been a
half hour. Do we just go back to
that?
Doesn't
You can look at us up. Where's my little thing? Here we go?
I guess there's a bottom um there's that bottom arrow. So I guess we just
go ahead and click on that.
Yeah, but mine does. Cause then it follows how was the technical quality of your video chat and then but I had a bottom arrow. Of course I can't go back right now. I'm going back on that back on that original, you know, survey page. Online survey software. You see that?
All right. So I guess we say goodbye.
We were very interesting to talk
to. I really appreciate
it.
I
just
I
hope so. And we'll get our $15 right?
You too.