No hi there.
Yeah, how are you?
ma'am, can you see and hear me?
Good, I'm gonna Melanie
Hi Karen, nice to meet you.
No, I didn't see anything in the instructions. I know that we may get questions but I didn't see any questions.
yep that's it, so
I'm sure well I'm in florida, I'm in north florida. Um and it's pretty nice
here too.
It's sunny today, it's been being real rainy and overcast but it's very sunny and nice out today.
I
have some
cousins that live up there and they love it. They really love it.
no we're not, we're
actually closer to Georgia. We are near Tallahassee. Were near there
we're north of Tallahassee between there and Georgia. So I'm from central florida and was used to being much closer to the beach but we're not now. So
if you have some beautiful, a different kind of beach than we have here.
to call
but you have this all the beautiful rocky shore and everything. I love that. I lived in California for a while and I love going to northern California to the beaches up that way so that, which is more like what you have lips in the rocks and I just love that it's
so different than the East Coast.
My my father moved when my mom passed, I'm an only child and um when my mom passed, I'd only been married for a couple of years and our son was a year old and and so he, he sold everything and moved to be here near us. He was like, I'm not we're not gonna have eight or 10 hours between us, this is ridiculous. So he was here, it was really awesome. It's been was really great for my son because um he was able to to have his grandfather here while he was growing up, so it makes a huge difference. Yeah.
what, yep.
come
on,
That's a beautiful area. My our daughter, our son is 15 and our daughter is almost 30 and
yeah, big difference and she being a florida girl just moved to South Dakota this year.
Yeah, she's there for her first winter now, so it's been kind of crazy, but she's gotten to go and travel a lot and she's gone in some of those areas and it's just, she just loves it and and all the how different it is.
That's
fabulous.
living up on the mountain is hard, my parents retired and moved to North Carolina to Maggie Valley and they were up um there were between six and 7000 ft and and went and they moved, they didn't just do it seasonally and and winter was
That
was
I was hard. So
I
was really glad when my dad didn't stay there
after mom died because he was a lot older than her. So he was in his 80s when she died. And I'm like you I didn't want to tell him you can't stay
there dad. But
he made one winter by himself and then he called in the spring he said well the realtor was just here
and we're
putting everything up for sale.
No I was really that was really neat.
That's really scary.
I don't think so.
Now did you get a lot of snow where you are or does it stay mainly cold and rainy? Yeah.
Well when you
were in snow pack is too so.
Well we had you know of course we don't get a lot of snow here, but we're just far enough north that every now and then we'll get ice. And a couple of years ago my husband works for the school district in Tallahassee and they had snow days because we had we had snowy kind of ice, we ice
everywhere and
so
forth.
You know, we don't we're not equipped, we don't have salt, there's nothing so they couldn't send the buses out or anything. So that was all my northern friends were laughing at me because you know because it was like everything
here
like
we're
not equipped in florida.
Shut
your.
But the ice gets
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Our big thing here was we were in the path of Hurricane Michael a year ago And where we live, we caught between a category two and 3. Um The other side of our county was hit by the four and five, but we we got and we got so lucky. We, we had a, but we were out in the woods and it's, we always kind of panicked because of the trees, but nothing hit the houses in our house and my dad's are next door to each other And no trees hit the houses. But we had, we had over a dozen large, 80 ft trees that came came
down all over the property. It was crazy,
Didn't hit our trees there, didn't hit our homes. And so that
was the big
that we,
oh, it's been, we some of the stuff out in the woods. We basically just left. Uh and then it was, it was months with cleanup of some things. Um We didn't have electricity for a month and it
was just, Yeah, yeah,
but we we had a generator
and we have gas for for heating and cooking or not for heating hot water and cooking between having the generator and having that, we did pretty well. And when it was really hot at night we could actually turn the air conditioning on with the generator. Well
it's not
really bad because that was one of the bad problems is we had a heat wave after the hurricane. No, so but it was so it was it was really crazy um in this whole area for a while um
We did not hear fortunately where our property is elevated really well, so we
didn't property or flooding, but there was flooding in some areas and then all towards Panama City. They had they had all the really bad, they took a direct hit and they massive flooding and it was horrible down there.
So.
nope.
I
worry about some of the I know that in central and south florida now they drain swamps and then go in and build these these new subdivisions in these areas and and then people are surprised when they flood and stuff and it's like you build in a swamp just because you drained it doesn't
mean
and there's there's so much damage from that and you know that's why you can get a cheap house sometimes is people just don't know to to find out about it and it's hard
so.
You
know something
you're
going
to get that's just how it is and you know it's all along these coasts that and in people act surprised. Well it's
just
it
is
I mean in these areas were not getting hit necessarily more. It's just we have more news about it and everything now it gets covered more and and that's just crazy. But but yeah, we we don't have it as much here where we are now where as we did in central florida. So
but
so
I
would have found that when I was in California
it was way back before all the fun apps and stuff. I would have definitely had an apple like that.
Was that?
Come
on.
my
goodness.
that's
interesting. Lot of.
What?
I did. Oh
had to have been you know the lack of communication that it did not have the type of communication then and
you know and the things that we take for granted now with the trucks and the airplanes and you know, dropping water on fires and stuff, it might have just been overwhelming to a certain extent. Yeah.
Have
you seen everything going on in Australia with the fires nick? Just awful.
And when they started coming out saying that it's arson that most of it's been caused by Arson. Yes,
there they have arrested over 100 people now and there are over 200
suspected um that were, that were started by arson and
well
it's just been
coming in the last couple of days that they've started making the arrests and stuff. Yeah, I mean what kind of my son was like, I don't understand why would people do that is that I guess I can understand one person being a jerk but that many people doing this and
There's a lot of them, a lot of them have been arson and they, they think it was like a domino effect of copycat people, you know and and it's just the animals dying. I'm just it's awful. The firefighters are just crying because of the animals that they're finding and they're so overwhelmed by it all.
all
right. They just, they stay put in their higher.
I
did not know that. That is interesting.
What
I'm gonna have, my son worked for, he we home school because the county that we're in has like all failing schools, it's the worst school in the
state.
So we we home school part of that we use the florida has a very good virtual school program. It's fabulous and we use that and then other things. So with the fires, you know, I'll send him okay, you need to go look up all this stuff and he's really, he normally enjoys it. I won't say that he enjoys it right now. This is, it's hard to read a lot of this stuff, but I'll tell him he definitely needs to look up about that because
he'll like that.
When you have a country that is in drought, as frequently as it is to begin with, I don't understand the logic of ever taking money away from the fire fighting because
you know, they, most of that country lives in a drought most of the time anyway and that's just how they are and they've learned how to live with that. But cutting the resources to that is just insane.
Well
and their their Prime Minister, Prime Minister.
He he was going around, we were watching some video yesterday and he was going out and meeting firefighters and meeting people who have lost their homes and they wouldn't talk to him and they wouldn't shake his hand and he would reach down and grab their hand and make them shake his hand. And then he was going and complaining. He was caught on mike and he was complaining because people were talking ugly to him. Yeah.
You know like you need to get some better priorities and get yourself rearranged because that's
inside.
There
may
be
there.
You know, the firefighters are no matter where they are. I've always thought that firefighters are a special kind of hero because
they
run into the worst situations in the world.
Now.
We
had, when I lived
in California experienced one wildfire that came partially into town. I lived in Apple Valley and victor ville area and it was in the desert and we had, there was a fire that came down from the big bear area on the mountain and over toward us. And it came within I mean we could stand in the front yard and see the flames
out in the desert coming toward us. But they got it under control but it's it's a scary thing because you you have it's like you completely helpless.
Well
actually coming
out.
No.
people
start
that
is chrissie,
all
the experiences.
I'm.
And the one is here with us and then then Elizabeth is up in South Dakota now
Rapid City or you
know.
she really likes it. Yeah.
and
she made some really good friends and they took before winter hit they were going out like any time they were off they were going out and exploring,
showing her everywhere and taking her over to Mount Rushmore and she had a friend that was a pilot so he took her and flew her around Mount Rushmore so it was really cool. And my
my
um my my mother and father in law drove up, they decided to go on an adventure and they drove from central florida, they came here and then left from here and drove to South Dakota this summer.
It was but they had so much fun, they saw so many things and it was really a great adventure for them and then we want to hopefully next summer we'll get to go up. She keeps teasing us and saying you know you should come up now, you should come up now we're like no she
send
this
thing that shows it's supposed to be negative eight tonight. No
we're not coming right
now
quick.
No. My what I call a winter jacket is not going to help me up there.
No.
this is true, that's true. So
oh there's we don't we're like really we've become very boring people and we're very happy with that. We're happy where we are. We're we're just we're not having any big plans. We've got two more years before. The boy is an adult and um we just we decided we are not, my dad passed away last year and after that we just decided we're not making any big moves or doing anything major and everything will be status quo for a while. Of course we may have some good adventures because she doesn't know. She works for Elizabeth works for texas Roadhouse and she worked down here for them and then she went up there and they've got her in a program and she's probably gonna go somewhere else. And she's going to take advantage of being young and single
and and
go
and see the world
and,
that's us.
I'm we're very much homebodies. We go and we do stuff for for our son, take him to me ref and do this some of those things but even that right now is slowed down and we've uh I have rheumatoid arthritis and
it's okay. I'm I'm under control right now. We've got a good medication routine going and
it sometimes it limits me as to how much I'm doing. So I make sure that I'm not over doing it which I hate sometimes but I'm gonna stay healthy. So
that's
very helpful. Water
water
exercising is great.
Well and but those injections are fabulous.
My my my left
thumb
is one of my real bad spots. And it gets to where I can't use it. I can't pick up I can't do anything and it hurts so much. And now and she's told me now my doctor said you know when it starts to crank up you need to go ahead and call us and come in so
we can do this and don't
let
it get to that point and they do that shot and it's like I've got a new thumb.
I
don't
know. Let me let me look
at that c.
c. um 20 minutes of questions to do do it doesn't say okay.
Why?
I don't have a bottom arrow. I have.
we're tracking it. Oh I see they're tracking us at 35 minutes so. Okay
well thank you so much.
You
know work
to I'm really I was a little bit nervous and and this was good and I
hope
that were helpful to these
votes.
That's right. So thank you so much and
all right. Bye bye.