Hey, how are you doing? Yeah,
not too bad. Another friday another week I guess. So, how's it gon?
Yeah, pretty much the same thing. Just all sorts of things going on right now. I think it's kind of interesting right now just cause all sorts of people are trying to do things I guess. Uh, you know, the election and coronavirus
and all sorts of things coming up. So again, I think a lot of people are ready to go back to normal and
I guess we're not there yet,
but
yeah, no. Yeah, I know a lot of people are really hoping it was going to be a couple of weeks, you know, month or whatever and it keeps dragging on and uh, yeah, I don't know, even once we have a vaccine out there, it's going to be back to normal anytime soon. I mean you've got all sorts of companies are doing permanent telework and all sorts of arrangements, so it's interesting. I don't think I ever anticipated seeing, you know, a lot of these sort of recent days like this, but yeah, it's definitely been something unique. So
what?
Yeah. I mean it's one of those things that some of the things that are being done right now, I think probably should have been done anyway. So like for example, I don't know if you fly a lot, but um airplanes, you know,
they're they're sanitizing seats and what not now. And I was always sitting there thinking, you know, pre coronavirus. I was like, I don't know, that seems like that probably should have been done anyway. Changing babies on planes
and all the stuff. It's like, you know, I know what I've been doing, I don't know who the person before we do.
hopefully, hopefully. Yeah. So um
his
weather
started really cooling down where you're at or
L.
A. I suppose doesn't really get to cool at any point, does it?
But yeah, I'm in colorado, so we get all four seasons sometimes in the same day. So uh
yeah, pretty close. Yeah, so it's nice but the downside is we're getting to the time of the year that I really don't like because I don't like when you're driving, so again for you you don't have to deal with anything like that. So
uh I used to live in the south and that was definitely the best time of the year was the winner because it be like 72° or whatever, you know? And um yeah
if they actually happen to have a little bit snowfall, everybody shut down so. Yeah, not
your not your
I
was
just,
What?
yeah yeah we we had a temperature shift just a couple of weeks ago, uh 65 degrees or something crazy like that. Um And nobody expected it coming and just came along, you know, typical colorado springs. But yeah, we actually had to hide the previous day and the load the next day. It's like that seems wrong.
But uh yeah I am man. Um So what do you like to do for fun?
I do.
So have your sports been impacted a lot?
That
was
up there, right.
But but yeah, all the team sports, it's interesting to see just how much they've tried to adapt. I guess the rules and the biggest issue more than anything
else is is not what they do on the field or in the court, they do off the car, you know, and they're supposed to be great and staying in their hotel room and You know you can't stay cooped up for 12 hours or whatever between practices. But yeah, I've really liked a
lot of different sports. So yeah, like right now the biggest thing I'm kind of keeping track on is the NFL and seeing what's going to happen or not happen. I mean they've gotten close enough to the point where they're talking about teams having to forfeit or whatever.
I know when it started, I was like, of all the different team sports football was when I was like, I just don't see how you could logistically make this work because
they're always
in close contact. So, I mean, even if you have no fans in the stands and you know, they don't do anything at night other than, you know, big football, you're still going to get close contact. So, you
know,
again, uh, it's kind of funny because the broncos got affected by that personally because they were supposed to play the patriots and of course cam Newton and all sorts of other players came with coronavirus. It's like, man, It's just amazing how quickly things changed.
And
of course now they had an article about like 10 different teams had to shift their schedules and all sorts of different things. It's like, wow. Um I don't know, it's it's real tough right now.
And
that's what they
should be doing in a lot of sports. I think that was a really good idea that they did. Unfortunately not everybody is observed it as well as they should be. But you know, again, organizationally at least the NBA is he's really taking the good steps as far as trying to keep that as isolated as possible. And honestly, that's probably the only thing that really seems to work with this thing because I mean, I have all sorts of folks talking about masks and how effective or not effective they are and, and uh, yeah, I don't know. We'll see. Hopefully the vaccine works out well. I mean, the biggest issue more than anything else is it could be a seasonal sort of variant thing. So, I mean, I am not looking forward to a potential scenario where we're locking down or whatever, you know, once a year or whatever when it's really bad, a
lot of people who don't want to get the vaccine at all in. I mean, I can understand like, right, when it comes out, I might be a little hesitant, you know, especially like if it comes out, oh, two weeks or so from now. Uh, yeah. For the most part, I'm like anything I can do to make my life easier. I definitely try to do that. So I do the same thing with the flu
vaccine. I mean it's again, I know some people have issues with allergies and whatnot. So I can totally relate as far as why people apprehensive about that. But again, for me, I missed so many of the different activities I used to take for granted, you know,
good.
Yeah. It's
amazing to see
just how many things have changed. I mean, I'm kind of curious what's gonna happen with movie theaters in particular
because you know, again, they're kind of on downward trajectory anyway just because of streaming
and
all sorts of other options that people do. But
now it's like a lot of people, I mean I saw AMC
did
like 50 cent tickets or whatever to try to draw people in and I'm like not living right next to the theater
so I wasn't able to take advantage. But
I was like,
man, you know how tough it is if you're charging that little right?
Well, and again, I think that would be my concern
is, again, you're going into this nice supercooled room for a couple hours. And again, I know what I'm doing. I don't know what the guy who's sitting a couple feet away from me doing so. Um, and I think the biggest challenge more than anything else is you can be having a coronavirus before you even show any symptoms. So again, you may think, hey, I'm perfectly fine, no problem. Or like you and me, you know, we're fairly young, so hopefully we're not going to have major issues for symptoms. But guys next door to us here might be eight years old or has some sort of condition that, you know, suddenly it's a bad thing for him. So, you know, I I don't know, it's just
definitely
interesting
right now and uh we'll see. But yeah,
pretty
much right now I've been working on a number of different things as far as what I've got going on. So actually one of the things I'm looking to do here fairly soon as replaces chair is my bottom. I don't know how I did this, but I was kind of using it to try and do a couple of different things and I managed to break it off so I definitely need to replace it. Probably going to get a nice little, not necessarily gaming chair, but something that I can roll around and and won't have the same sort of issue. It won't be as comfortable, I mean, but again, I got to be somewhat practical if I
run
it. Uh Yeah, anyway,
for the most part I was, I was working in the office, so it actually kind of funny because our company kept on pushing telework options, but nobody ever wanted to do it and then suddenly, you know, coronavirus, everybody's like, hey, let's tell the work all the time. And then people found, hey, this thing actually works, you know? Um, but the downside, what that is, again, you don't really have that separation between the office and personal the way it used to be. So again, it's kind of a challenge as far as that goes because again, before I kind of had the chair
sitting there, kind of just set up for one particular activity and now I kind of shuffled around between whatever had I'm trying to wear. So, um, but
you know that, that's something that's been going on for a while. I mean like cell phones, I mean smartphone is
both
a great thing and a terrible thing because the downside is it's on all the time and kind of the expectations with people you're talking with, with friends, boss, you know, whatever
is, hey,
I'm gonna get an instant message, you know like five seconds later that I sent for a text message and sometimes you don't have your phone on for one reason another going back to the theater example, I mean I don't want to turn my phone on and and then I feel really bad if a call comes in like right in the middle of the major fight scene or
whatever. But yeah, so how about you, what sort of stuff do you do on a regular day, are you going to?
yeah, and that's definitely a plus, so for me that's probably
the best
thing,
but I think telework is kind of one of those things people either really like it or they don't I mean it's not really dependent on what job you obviously some things you can't really tell the work, but um some people really like to have that in person interaction, especially in a team environment, I mean we've got a lot of different things like zoom and whatnot that you can tell work with, but it's just not the same thing as being in a room and talking with somebody and um I again for me it's not that big of a deal, but I know some people really struggle with it and I can totally relate, so
that's
it.
Yeah, my biggest issue or anything else is and I don't know if you've had the same issue, but I've been having a later wake up time just because of that, because again if I don't have to work going to work, I mean I don't have to do some of the things that I normally would have had to do to get started with that, including of course the telecommute itself, so um again that's a good thing and that's a bad thing, but I definitely need to as we get to normal at some point and hopefully telework still is an option then, but uh at least uh try to get back more into a normal schedule.
Yeah.
I I have a couple of different hobbies. Uh my probably my biggest one. Um I mean I like sports but um I like to play a lot of video games, so um right now I've been playing a lot of Neo too, so I downloadable content just came out for it, so um new difficulty level and all sorts of different stuff. Um I actually just messed up. I ordered
service I was not planning to get during the prime special and so when I went to amazon, I was like, hey, I want to cancel this because I really don't need it. They said digital item, we can help you with that. So then I, I went to the Sony
an and I said, hey, I need to cancel this and I said, did you order from us, nope and
help you
man boomer. But yeah, that's uh something interesting is digital content in general is I know a lot of companies really like because again the bottom line, it's a lot cheaper. You don't have to build any physical media or anything else and it's always there theoretically. But the downside is a lot of companies don't seem to have the same sort of approach to it. So if I had something that I got delivered in the mail and you
know, it doesn't player or whatever, I can call up the companies, hey, you know, I got an issue, worst case scenario, I might have to pay for shipping to return it, but
you know, I'm not gonna be out 100% of my money, whereas in this case, you know, I'm making mistake. Oops, well, I guess I guess I'm gonna have to figure out how to use this thing that I just don't, so All right.
You
look
great.
What, what, what what kind?
Okay,
Do you like?
now,
I'm
sorry,
definitely.
Well, investment exactly, but
man. But yeah, you know, and the good news about that is even if you aren't a big gamer, I mean you can definitely use a gaming laptop again with
all
the
processing
and what not to do all sorts of other activities too. So it's definitely beneficial as far as investment goes. So that's why I
know
a lot of laptops like to go in that 2 to $300 range, you know bottom price but you know you get what you pay for when it comes to those laptops. This one I like because uh it's kind of similar to the surface so performance wise it's probably not as good. But the nice thing is you know it's got the tablet, it's it's got a traditional laptop form factor and of course I can dock it just fine. So again the difference between what used to be a desktop and a laptop is much smaller than what it used to be. So it's definitely nice and you know, if I need to take it somewhere, hey, I can take it somewhere, so
and
it's definitely experienced, so uh yeah, definitely committee on that. But yeah, I totally can understand the gaming's again, kind of going back to things, it's something people really like or they don't probably too much so. But yeah, as far as some other hobbies I got, I like to read, so
I got a kindle that unfortunately blew up not looking. But yeah, it wouldn't boot up. So I've
actually
been sort of waiting. They just had a good sale of course with the prime day, but specifically a model that would be faster to charge and whatnot. So um because again, if I'm going to pay for it out of pocket Because of course it came back and said, well it's like
couple of weeks out of warranty. So they said, Oh,
we'll be more than happy to replace it for you, but we'll only give you like a 25% discount or whatever on replacement device that you'll be mine. And I was like, I don't really need that badly, right
this second, so uh but yeah, it's uh so did you go see a lot of uh basketball games in person, or? Oh,
fucking
Oh, sure, sure while ago, Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, even if you want a Lakers fan, I mean, Kobe was definitely one of those folks, and especially just because it was so sudden, you know, because he was definitely a picture of health and then Allison, whoops, he's dead, you know, it's like, wow, awful. But
it's nice that they would have had that out there. and I guess it makes sense obviously since it's staples center so but yeah, I know for me, I really like to go to the games myself as well, so again there's just something about being there in person, it's really got a lot more of the experience, you know, and you just can't capture that on tv now grant it's a lot more expensive but you know, it's a lot more fun. You can enjoy it with your friends and family and hopefully see a good game when you go.
What,
so you can't go to see your regular game in person I assume right? I'm not really familiar with geography there so.
huh.
everything
read.
I think my biggest concern about next year is that if we are back to normal, a lot of people are going to be wanting to line up to get those tickets. I think there'll be a hot commodity because a lot of people who would have wanted to go wouldn't be able to. And I'm sure the season ticket holders will be having no issue getting in that line, but for everybody else, maybe, probably not so easy.
So, but, so do you have any big plans for the weekend or?
Hey,
hey, that does sound like a good plan to me. So yeah. Is it a dog that gets along well with you or?
Okay. That makes it easy when your dog sitting. Right, okay.
Um, yeah,
for me, I don't think I'm
going to be doing too much. I've got a birthday celebration. We're kind of doing a couple of weeks late
because
of coronavirus stuff. So, um, it should be nice and easy. We'll cook some steaks and you know, talk about how things are going with the person and hopefully it goes well. Biggest issue for us is that she's pretty far out. So, um, it's a bit of a drive for her. So the good news is if she shows up right, bad news is if she doesn't show up, my parents will be really upset. Yeah. But uh, yeah. So um, have you voted yet or are you going to vote or?
Yeah, it's hard to tell because obviously in California, I mean it's
pretty much a given result, but the thing I think is going to be interesting is I'm hearing there's a record trout like in colorado all over the place. And that could be one of 23 scenarios. Either there are a lot of people voting for biden. A lot of people voting for trump
or both.
So it's like, I don't know what's going to happen and since the polls are all over the place, I mean, I know for me personally, I'm just ready to move on. Trump's just too much of a one man show. And um I think my biggest issue with him or anything else, regardless of the politics involved is he doesn't listen to his advisers. He kind of does what he feels like is the right thing and that's well and good if it's something that you know
about,
not so good if it's not.
Mhm. Yeah. It was so funny watching all these segments in the last couple of weeks where people are like, oh, oh, no, biden will listen to the experts when it comes to the
coronavirus or any number of other matters. And I'm like, I don't see a problem with that. Again, I would kind of like to think that somebody who's maybe got 10, 20 years on a particular policy is probably somebody you want to pay attention to. You may not necessarily agree with what they're saying, but at least listen to and incorporate their ideas into your policy. And hopefully once you do that, you'll have a pretty good setup once you got it done, you know, So, but we'll see. Um,
I dropped mine off a couple
of days
ago,
after I got it. So again, it's not like there's any rush. Um, I think the biggest issue more than anything else is, and maybe they'll change this after this year. A lot of the states don't even start tabling results until the night of, so, especially if they're going to have record ballots via mail. I mean, that's not gonna work out very well unless they've got a lot of extra staffing so um yeah, we'll have to see. Hopefully it's it's not close
enough that that's an issue, but I mean trump said you know, if he's not willing to accept the results until they give some time to look at the moment, I
don't know. But I know Poland is he's buying showing way ahead and a lot of places, so hopefully that's the way it works out again, we'll see. But uh oh yeah, the good news is trump, can only have one more term, so.
we'll see anyway Uh for this session uh is it 25 minutes for the chats or? Okay,
just in case. Okay. Okay. I just want to make sure because this is the first one I've done of this round, so I wasn't sure if
if largely the same rules were intact. I know the last time we had different questions asked for the pre screening that I didn't see. So I don't know if that's just because repeat or new scope or whatever. So in any case uh it was definitely a pleasure to talk with you again, I I apologize for going too much on tangent on on the gaming aspect, but you know, the plus side is uh with the sports saying that's definitely something that we can all relate to right now, as long as sports fans, you know, because again, team sports or have all been affected pretty dramatically and and hopefully here and you know, next couple months or so we'll be back to normal and and a lot of the old activities will be back to normal as well,
you too, bye.