SPEAKER_L: remember. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: this year. Bye. Mhm. Hi, how
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: doing? Well, I'm jess,
SPEAKER_L: Let's meet him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry, I missed your name.
SPEAKER_L: Okay Tina sorry my voice is
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: a little quiet. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I see you too. I see it's also nice and sunny where you are right now.
SPEAKER_R: Um that's my lamp. It's actually overcast and snowing.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you're mine,
SPEAKER_R: How about you? Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I mean mid west or south central us, so it's very sunny right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm in Ohio it's snowing and it started to get cold.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you're in Ohio okay, that's awesome. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm all the way in Oklahoma so our weather tends to be bipolar anyway, but but
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: we are that this warm in november?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never been to Oklahoma.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've never been anywhere outside of Oklahoma myself. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so you're originally from Oklahoma then?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you not from? Ohio and really?
SPEAKER_R: No, I am originally from New Hampshire.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, wow. So you've always been kind used to the cold anyway?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, except for college. I went to college in California where it was nice, Warm and sunny most of the year.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that must have been a stark change.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, a little bit of a distraction but uh not terrible.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool though. I know a few friends that went to college in California too. Yeah, I pretty much Oxford in Oklahoma. Oh
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do in Oklahoma?
SPEAKER_L: I'm currently still a student, so
SPEAKER_R: Right. All right. What are you studying
SPEAKER_L: medicine, so it's long track for sure. It'll
SPEAKER_R: i
SPEAKER_L: be a while
SPEAKER_R: in the process of applying to medical school?
SPEAKER_L: already end but just on the track to still you get one eventually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice. I am uh currently filling out secondaries. It's taking forever, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Are you playing all over?
SPEAKER_R: I am yeah, and I'm applying both M. D. And D. O. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. I go to a day of school, so that narrows it down since Oklahoma only has like two or three
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Okay, awesome. So what are you looking to practice?
SPEAKER_L: right now. I really don't know I finished my second year, so I'm athlete in the weird phase of actually not being on rotations right now because I took a year off this year to kind of focus on my boards, so it's very up in the air since I've only been through a few rotations, just not surgery is the main thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like surgery takes forever to get through and way too early in the morning.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like I think it's very cool to see, but actually doing it myself, I can't imagine that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: I didn't look at me, so.
SPEAKER_R: that could do something. I just observed my first surgery a few weeks ago and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: uh I can't imagine it's for me either.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess some people say like you never know who you actually get on rotations, but I'm hoping it won't be me honestly,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah the doctor that I spent most of my time observing as an anesthesiologist and he said that he got into anesthesia because he wanted to be a surgeon but he also wanted to have a life. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's a good compromise. Do you have anything in mind?
SPEAKER_R: emergency medicine I think
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I also would like to have a life outside of medicine.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Have you shadow anyone?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Um so I just finished a master's in bioethics and medical humanities and part of our program was spending 100 and 60 hours in the hospital shadowing. So I got to shadow all over the place. Um And one of my classmates fathers is a video that I am doing some additional shadowing with as I apply to medical school. So yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a place that you're really wanting to get into?
SPEAKER_R: um So my kind of hierarchy is I applied to two schools that are tuition free free is better than anything. Um And then
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: would I would rather go to a state school in a private school. Mostly
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: from a monetary perspective.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. In state tuition. I can't argue with that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And Ohio. We have seven state medical schools. One D. O. And then
SPEAKER_L: Why
SPEAKER_R: six. Yeah one. Do you have a. Six M. D. And I applied to all of them.
SPEAKER_L: Best of luck man. I know a few friends who are flying right now and it's never an easy process.
SPEAKER_R: No it's and I was wait listed last year so I was waiting to hear about the wait list before I submitted again. So I'm a little on the late side but I don't think I'm terrible for D. O.
SPEAKER_L: No, you're still pretty early on video.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I've already sent my secondary to my first choice school which is the state school you're in. Ohio. And they wait listed me last year So crossing my fingers that they take me
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: yes sometimes being re applicant is good. My friend was a re applicant and she applied the end this year she got in, so she's the first year right now. Yeah. And at least my class there's always a different like age range like for my cause it's like 24 all the way up to like 40 something so never too late.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I turned 34 next week or no I turned 34 this week so.
SPEAKER_L: No shame in you know what you want. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No I'm hoping that the universe gives me a birthday president an interview somewhere. So
SPEAKER_L: Is your, have all your interviews been like online or I guess you're, since you're applying, do you think they'll all be online this year
SPEAKER_R: I think all 38 D. O. Schools have gone online and I think everywhere I applied
SPEAKER_L: program?
SPEAKER_R: for MD has also gone online.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Makes sense. But also just because you can't really see the campus and feel the vibe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I figure if I get once I get in somewhere especially if it's here in Ohio I'll at least go walk around on a day and maybe by spring will actually get to do second looks.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, good point. Yeah. I'm hoping next year look a lot better than this year husband.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess you took a picture. Goodyear to take a year off though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's also because of Kobe concerns because during the whole parametric canceling these and faces, I got canceled twice. And by the time that I was presented with either I take it within a short amount of time where I probably wouldn't do as well as I would have liked at my peak or I just go and take the year off anyway. So I was kind of like, well for exam this big, I want to make sure I have ample time. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So are you taking the complex and the U. S. M. L. E. Or just complex?
SPEAKER_L: that's the plan. Last year I had just planned to take or I guess a few months ago I only just plan to take the complex but now that I have ample time I'm kind of like well I just do both.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it opens up some options that aren't there if you just take complex.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I want to remain in state so it's it wouldn't be a bad thing if I only did one of them but I think you know that with it being so unsure of what I want to do like my as well if I had the chance to might as well just stay for both. Especially because stop speaking there's a lot more supporting U. S. Melly study wise and like score prediction wise and there is a complex.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I think also depending on when in the year you take it you S. M. L. A. Will have gone past fail. Right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that won't be next year but will be the year after.
SPEAKER_R: okay. So if I take the U.
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: S.
SPEAKER_L: friend. Yes So we passed here for you. Yeah, but no clue of complex will eventually change to match that either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think once the merge is a little bit more behind us of the residencies we'll probably see one of those tests go away. Probably complex.
SPEAKER_L: Probably. I don't like the away like the kind of the government representation for Dios had voted for the complex to actually be removed or like the abolishes the test and just having a component to the assembly which makes sense. But I mean I don't think they're gonna release that my source of income that fast.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a huge moneymaker. And I mean even if they just go to having complex. Be the physical exam portion where they have you perform. Oh mm that would still be a big source of income for them.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. Like I think some people were saying like the whole pass fail moving backward you is because we're gonna have to essentially force it takes up to be wanted like a fighting shot if you want some competitive or out of state and that's much more money than what the step one taking them you would be. So it's sex. I think comics is just not very well written compared to like I think taking some of the school exam administered practice tests. Like it's a bit frustrating to not even be able to see what we got wrong if you bought one of those like calm state practice test and then the score prediction is never accurate either because they just released new blueprint last year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I like the DEA philosophy. I hate the idea of having to do 200 hours of oh mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Um but I will take any route to medical school as long as it means that I don't have to leave the country.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Uh If anything to stop do Caribbeans please.
SPEAKER_R: No, no. I had a friend who suggested maybe going to Poland because they do their
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: medical education in english and they're apparently undergoing a medical renaissance. I don't know that I want to do that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I think even some of my friends who are like in second year and now they're kind of like what's it look like to the presidency of the country because right now the U. S. Isn't looking too hot and I was like it's not about you. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But I think if you want to come back and practice, don't you still have to do a US based residency?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so either way it wouldn't be useful but the nice it's something to think about I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I don't think Poland is exactly warm and sunny either. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: think this year has just been a little rough for everybody, so it's interesting. Well, hopefully be better next year is what I'm hoping.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I hope so. It's just it's been a year.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Um personally, I'm just happy that the elections are way past us that definitely played by week so long
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me too. I'm glad they are over. I will be glad when we hit january.
SPEAKER_L: and hopefully hopefully nothing changes. That's what I'm okay. But
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I saw somebody make a point. One of my friends and I think it's a good one that trump is not contesting the election in order to change the results. He's contesting the election in order to continue to raise money. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. That doesn't surprise me. That's also a little sad,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but the campaign has huge debt apparently.
SPEAKER_L: interesting
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: that actually surprised me considering how close it was for so many states.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well the biden campaign did out raise the trump campaign and outspends
SPEAKER_L: That's true.
SPEAKER_R: the trump campaign.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Unfortunately, I'm in a state where it's always read, so,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm in a state that went red this time.
SPEAKER_L: but you guys are one of the swing states, right? So it's
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: not always
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: read.
SPEAKER_R: no not always read um the last few times apparently.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, Oklahoma is one of the only other state besides like west Virginia that was already, so I was hoping we'd have to be at least one county that turned blue this year, but now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have not been to Oklahoma. My parents really wanted me to go to college at Oklahoma because they at the University of Oklahoma made me the best scholarship offer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's that's where I wanted to go. That's where I went to college. So All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was a national merit scholar and
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, they pay a lot for the merit scholars.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think I've changed it since I graduated from high school but when I was getting ready to go to college they paid five years of tuition including if you wanted a graduate degree, the first year um room and board and then a $1500 a month statement.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they played, they pay very nicely, but you have to like a large percentage of national merits to because of the money offer. I think my friend was a national merit to and she was kind of like, yeah, I never had to pay for me and then she even got and if she wanted to go abroad to just like dig it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It might not have been the world's worst idea, but you know, at 18 you don't always make the best financial decisions.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's Oklahoma. I think people realize that, you know, you realize is that Oklahoma is not the most ideal place to move to. So that's why they offer so much. But I think
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: in terms of medical school, like it's not very like there's not many here to apply to if you wanted, like in state tuition.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My high school advisor was actually a graduate of the University of Oklahoma, so he was encouraging it. He was he was on the wrestling team and apparently afterwards became a professional wrestler for awhile, which is one of the weirdest things for a vice principal at a catholic school. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. My advisor was the vice principal and the football coach.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's a lot of rules.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, terrified my younger sister, which was hilarious.
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: So uh are you working this year? Since you're taking the year off? What are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Right now I'm just kind of focusing on getting my life back together. I think just being on rotations and then being through that whole mental game of not just like feeling like I was behind everything, I just decided to take some time off and get like my health back into check first and then I'll probably like I started studying kind of, but then it's been a bit hard to get my brain back to focusing on like 8 to 12 hours study days.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I get it. I since I finished my Masters and now I'm just working, it's like I have so much free time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's my friend actually recommended prolific for me because I was like, I want a job, I don't want to go out since the case is just still so high. Right? And she said let's try prolific. Like it's not like a huge like income but like definitely some more substantial than other service sites and I liked it so far.
SPEAKER_R: I have to and I'm liking these little video chats I've talked to interesting people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this is my second one and so far, I mean my last one that was supposed to yesterday canceled on me, so this is only my second, but I mean I appreciate the bonus and the conversations do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it feels like getting to connect. Especially in the age of covid where we can't go anywhere
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think zoom like whoever in invested stockings who I'm sure is enjoying it right now.
SPEAKER_R: by bad. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I actually work for a company where I work from home um Almost full
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: I do S. A. T. And A. C. T. Prep and if you're looking just for a few hours a week I would imagine my company would snap you up as a medical student. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. I can't imagine trying to think of my brain back and like sometimes I look at math problems nowadays, I'm like, what is that yet?
SPEAKER_R: Well S. A. T. And A. C. T. Only go up through trig.
SPEAKER_L: That's true. But I don't know right now, I'm kind of just like, I don't know what the best plan is and then they would want to take my boards before May because I don't want to be in the same timeline this last year trying to get made in june when everyone else is trying to take it. But we'll see. I think my life is just trying to get a little structured at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah definitely. I I work almost full time for my company which is great because it's the only thing I do other than prolific but it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: our minimum as we're looking for people to commit to six hours a week. Which is not very much. And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not bad at all. So do you teach people like through online mainly then?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we have our own whiteboard system, we use Skype. Um, so we just use the voice. We don't do any video with our kids because well, privacy first of all, and second of all band with
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: plus I tell parents, you know, I would much rather your kid be looking at what I'm writing on the white board rather than me writing it.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've worked for them for about 3.5 years now and great company. Um no benefits because it's technically part time,
SPEAKER_L: makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: but I get to meet interesting kids unfortunately because S. A T A. C. T. Tutoring is just so expensive. I mostly meat rich kids,
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: but uh I volunteered as a mentor for a high school student. So I feel like I at least sort of offset the fact that most of my work is for the rich.
SPEAKER_L: You seem to be interested in teaching that like, is that something you want to do later as a doctor who will be involved in academics?
SPEAKER_R: I don't see myself doing it. I kind of fell into it with my first graduate degree. Um I ended up working for Kaplan and then like I've just stayed in the industry because somehow in the last 12 years I became an expert. So.
SPEAKER_L: No shame.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No I average my kids average picking up about seven points on the A. C. T. So it's one of those things where I get paid relatively well. I don't have to leave my house or get dressed do it. So one
SPEAKER_L: One of my
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: friends
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: was like a teacher before she entered medical school, so I don't know, she plans to go back into academics because it's totally different field from like teaching like high schoolers, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I I feel like it is kind of a natural transition into medicine because you spend so much time doing patient education. But I don't necessarily see myself like his faculty.
SPEAKER_L: Now that makes sense. I think it's always interesting to see like where people come from in medical school, like backgrounds like I've seen in my class, like police officers, teachers, pilots, and I'm just like, how did you get here? Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I came out of a career in political campaigns before I decided to apply to medical school.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's a very important aspect of medicine for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. One of the schools I'm applying to actually has a, it's A. D. A school that has a congressional fellowship program in health policy.
SPEAKER_L: Would that be something you're interested in?
SPEAKER_R: I think it would be. Unfortunately it's located in Arkansas which more than likely means that this uh congressional representative is a Republican.
SPEAKER_L: possibly here?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's interesting
SPEAKER_L: It could be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: to, yeah it's interesting to see all the opportunities there are. Like I could definitely see myself, I've got a masters in political science and I came out of political campaigns. I could see myself at some point being a lobbyist as a physician.
SPEAKER_L: That'd be cool. I think especially for Oklahoma, like we lost this past year, like any doctors on or like seats and I think one of the governors or one of the past positions who had a position before his re running, so I'm really hoping he gets six, I think at least in our state, like we're having trouble with the fact that nurses want to practice independently of doctors and so I fear that it's going to become a reality soon rather than being like uh oh it won't, it won't ever pass kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: like it's just
SPEAKER_R: about like are you talking about like a R. N. P. S. Or are you talking about our ends?
SPEAKER_L: our ends. Yes. I think that's been the bill. It's kind of, I think at least when they explained to us, like they managed to always like sneak the bill into the house by like kind of like pushing it onto another bill and kind of hiding it until it got to the floor. But in the past it's been shut down before because in the past, I think that someone that we're working with on um the house team, they were like, well I can introduce it to the floor, but you have to have, I want to like add on that, you have to have 10,000 hours of actual like clinical practice and then you also should be practicing in world because your bill is all about like oh there's not enough real positions so I want to see that implemented and they didn't like those terms. So that year that he tried to work with them like it didn't get introduced at all because of those things like they didn't want to add on to those but these past few years like it's managed to get onto the floor and we've managed to stop it enough but I swear that it's only a matter of time before they decide like oh hey it's way cheaper to have bunch nurses rather than raise one doctor. So let's go let's wonder worry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I can see kind of a our NPS practicing independently. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't have an issue with that because I think especially the hospital I've seen like they are very capable of what they do for sure. But I think I think all the nursing levels it depends like where they're at.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know where I'm from in new Hampshire, I don't know what the law is in Ohio Air and Peace can practice independently. The one that was more surprising to me is that P. S. Can practice independently.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, interesting
SPEAKER_R: Although by state law they can't pronounce death
SPEAKER_L: mm. Okay so they still need a doctor to officially?
SPEAKER_R: a doctor or an Air and P an Air and pecan pronounce death P.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: A. Can.
SPEAKER_L: I know that there's a p a Bill Rowling recently to to try and get that. I don't mind that as much but I think it's also like if they wanted to I think they still would be linked under to a physician. So that would be my concern is like if they get to practice independently but they don't get the consequences for whatever decisions they might make because it's unfair for the doctors to get the the consequences of what they might do. So it's weird terminology that I'm like it's like I don't mind other people practicing independently but I think it has to have extra regulations to where the doctor wouldn't still be shouldering like all the mistakes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Also like I know there's a lot of discussion and a lot of differences about whether midwives can be lay or if they have to be nurses.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's definitely an interesting time for Sherlock. I know it's very expensive to produce a doctor compared to all the other levels, but I think for it's there for a reason. So I hope the state continues to see value in that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and doctors have the expertise in the training.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I worry like what the nurses bill if it does get past eventually, like it might be competitive with the family physicians and because I know family physicians don't always get the best rep considering they have to do so much for as much as I get paid, even though they still make it, you send them out like it's still relatively less, but I just don't want to see that. Like fizzle out I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And do you necessarily want an RN independently delivering baby for instance
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I think it just depends because I think I've seen most of my friends who are in nursing schools say that they don't appreciate the terms of the bill that they're trying to pass, They wouldn't mind it. Like I can understand like some nurses might want the ability to prescribe medication but I still think that they just still have physician supervision in that case.
SPEAKER_R: or even pharmacists supervision?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like even that like I would be happy but it's kind of so I feel like there's so many things that legal term wise that it just is so vague and I just don't think it's going to ever be to the point where I'm sure that both parties will be happy with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean even pharmacists can't prescribe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which is interesting to me because I think you know someone professors have always said like you know be nice to your pharmacist because they seem like but like several 1000 times when I've accidentally prescribed the wrong dose.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I had a pharmacist um actually kept going to that pharmacy when it wasn't covered by my insurance because a pharmacist caught a dozing error um where the um it was for insulin and the physician wrote a 10 millimeter dose when she meant a 10 unit dose. And the pharmacist I go to pick up the prescription and he says I can't fill this, this is going to kill you if you take it as prescribed
SPEAKER_L: two news. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then he couldn't get a hold of the physician. So it was like it was the whole thing and the pharmacist is the one who caught it. I'm not a physician, I would have taken it as prescribed probably up until I drew it and went oh I would have to empty this entire syringe should take a single dose. I might start questioning it at that point.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Because I think like it's really sad to see that some people on the health care team still getting mistreated, like I think I understand why there is a hierarchy like, but it's still very much a checks and balances system because my best friend is a pharmacist and she's kind of like, you know, it still exists like doctors so doctors treated like trash and don't tell us anything and then yellow us when we're not even the ones making a mistake so it's kind of sad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I saw when I was shadowing in the er I saw a lot of consulting the pharmacist because the er that I was in I was at the Cleveland clinic which is you know huge hospital system um And the pharmacist was part of the health care team and the physicians were asking, okay what do you think about this plan? So that was nice to see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think the time and train he definitely buys, definitely avoids an interesting mix because then I feel like there's always a few people in the class that you wonder like how did you get here if you're not really grateful or appreciative of anything? Like you think
SPEAKER_R: saw
SPEAKER_L: medical students would be like on the top for professionalism, but it's always the case.
SPEAKER_R: you've got to wonder sometimes how people end up where they are. Like I saw one girl in one of my classes who was in the process of applying to medical school after having a doctorate in chiropractic
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and how you get to medical school without believing in vaccines. Yeah. Yeah. It's one of those questions. Yes. Like how are you going to be a physician and not advocate for people to be up to date on their vaccines?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can't imagine that actually turning out Well, if she somehow got to that got to there.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully doesn't end up as a pediatrician.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh God, I can't imagine even rotation, but if you like if she worked with a few doctors and she some how about that slip? I can't imagine it turned out well.
SPEAKER_R: No. Like I am so pro vaccine. Once we get a covid vaccine, please stick me with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I'm ready. I'm hoping it comes out sooner rather than later. But I know that I'm definitely lower on the prioritized scale than others. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Meet you. But I will gladly get my vaccine.
SPEAKER_L: yes, and I'm at this point, I feel like Oklahoma especially there's been a rise in the number of anti vaxxers and I'm like, I'm feeling like we're going backwards. I don't know why
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Here are cases are insane. Um,
SPEAKER_L: team,
SPEAKER_R: friday was our first day with 8000 cases. Our seven day rolling average up until last week had been 1500.
SPEAKER_L: that's comparable to Oklahoma, but the highest we've had so far is like four K. Which is a lot considering how small Oklahoma can be. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Last week we broke 9000 13,000 and 8000.
SPEAKER_L: so you're like, all right, we haven't hit peak yet.
SPEAKER_R: We have hit exponential growth though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't think the Bahamas reached its peak quite yet either. So I think it will be interesting because we're still one of the states that do not have a mass mandate anywhere either or statewide. Yes, But,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we do
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: individual cities.
SPEAKER_R: and our state has a mask mandate and they're starting to really enforce it. Um,
SPEAKER_L: That's good.
SPEAKER_R: so if a business is not enforcing masks the first time they get a warning and the second time they get shut down for 24 hours.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's good. Um Our governor basically said a few weeks ago or like a week ago even like he would not push the mask mandate and I was like, well, there you go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Our governor has been decent and has said if things do not turn around by thursday, I don't think things are going to turn around by thursday. Um we are going to shut down again, bars, restaurants and gyms.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that's I mean, I think I understand people who say that's an idea. Like I get it. But then it's also like, you know, people were the mess, this would have happened. But here we are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I wear my mask uh whenever
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: guess it's annoying. But it's not hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the only time I don't is when I'm actually in the pool at the gym and when I'm out walking the dog or checking the mail or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And for the most part, I don't think it's been that terrible to live with a mask on. It's just, I mean, I've definitely become more conscious of just like, do I really need to go out now or you can wait till later when things aren't as busy?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. One of the things that I've noticed is it does make it harder like to read people. Mhm. Like you may be smiling at somebody from behind the mask, but you can't really tell.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like people look so different without their mask on to, like, I think sometimes when I was working with a few of the doctors, when I was on rotations, like as soon as they took the mask off, I was like, you look like a totally different person. I have no idea who you are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's I mean, I think they're going to be with us for a while. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: hope it gets better by 2021. Like I would love to not be worried about going out or since I'm living at home right now. I would like like to and then not be worried that I would in fact my family, if I were, because for me it wouldn't be bad if I got it, but for the rest of my family who are more important, you don't compromise. It would be bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got really sick in March. I think I've had it, but I passed the time where I can get an antibody test and when I was sick, at least here it was. If you're not hospitalized and you don't work in health care, good luck. You're not getting a test.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which I get. But I'm also kind of like, well, you never know.
SPEAKER_R: It would have been useful to know if I had it. I'm not sure. I could have driven myself to go get a test. I was so sick. I could barely walk the dog and slept about 20 hours a day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I can only hope that they have a good vaccine for like in the way they are going to minister. Because I can imagine describing a lot of people wanting it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it looks like two companies now have vaccines that could get FDA approval.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes. I think one was like 4% higher than so I was kind of like, well, why not? But
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's at this point just about maximizing distribution.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, pretty much
SPEAKER_R: Like I
SPEAKER_L: second
SPEAKER_R: would.
SPEAKER_L: only hope Wilbur takes that job on will do a good job at it. It's gonna be crazy regardless. But I think it would be nice to have someone who can advocate its legitimacy rather than trying to stop just all corroborate his talks in general.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think it was actually a nurse from Oklahoma who was just interviewed. I think on Good morning America who said that patients are denying covid existence right up until they die of it. Like they don't believe
SPEAKER_L: The Bureau
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: definitely like that for sure. Yeah. I've definitely seen some people like that, I'm a little concerned. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean back in March, I thought we might be overreacting. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: the same.
SPEAKER_R: But I'm at the point where I don't believe we are overreacting. We may actually be under reacting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think this year has really shown me how disappointed I am with some people. The
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Harbinger show discourse over just wearing a mask. It's very concerning.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I know it's a little bit selfish. But I would like to go on vacation before I start med school.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, that's fair.
SPEAKER_R: And I would love to be able to do it without having to wear a mask with my bathing suit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes. Fire them. It's understandable that people want to get back to the regular life, but I'm like, you know, at this point, we're not going to get a regular life.
SPEAKER_R: No, like I'm not going home for thanksgiving, I've already told my family, I'm not going home for christmas um and I have one friend who is going to come for christmas, we are both single, we both live alone, the only people were putting in danger is ourselves.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, it's safe.
SPEAKER_R: It's as safe as we're going to get and I would rather not spend every major holiday of an entire year by myself. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And they just kind of interesting where it's gotten because I think even back in March two, because my class, we took a picture, because then the president was like, my class was like, you know, we're not sure if we might be getting off for the rest of the semester or not, so let's just take the class teacher now. And I remember thinking like oh this is ridiculous like of course we're gonna come back like school and he said they're not going to cancel school and then at the end of the week of spring break they said yeah the school's canceled for the semester like it's all online and I was like okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's something to be said about being grateful I didn't get in this year because I can't imagine going through first year exclusively online. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and I think that's going to be it's both a con in a pro I guess because I imagine it would be hard for anatomy. I can't imagine how that's like but then it's also I've always been like an online class lecture person so I wouldn't mind it doing it online but definitely just even socializing with people, it's going to be hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's got to be, I have a friend who just started her first semester of her master's degree and it's all online and I mean there's something to be said because she's attending the University of Mississippi but she doesn't have to live in Mississippi. So
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: she has spent her semester in England and Ecuador countries that will take americans.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's fair. I'm not surprised people are like no americans. I'm like yeah we're pretty bad right now, I can't blame you.
SPEAKER_R: she was supposed to go to Iceland. She worked in Iceland last summer. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, she's been all over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I actually got to visit her in Iceland last year. Which I was very grateful for because it was my first time getting to travel outside of north America. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's gorgeous. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But I was supposed to study abroad in the Netherlands and that did not happen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a little sabbath. Okay. There's always family there.
SPEAKER_R: I had been really looking forward to that women's health and public health uh in the Netherlands class. But uh yeah no I tripped women's health and public health via zoom.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not as exciting, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: No no I wrote a paper on compare sens between the us and the Netherlands and treatment of women who are addicted to drugs and pregnant. Yeah the U. S. Prosecutes the Netherlands doesn't.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Oklahoma. Especially incarceration week for women, probably the highest of any state in the US.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well Ohio um if you're pregnant it overrides A. D. N. R. Mhm. And they have to intubate and keep you on a ventilator. You can't be removed from life support if you're pregnant.
SPEAKER_L: I can see the point in that.
SPEAKER_R: I mean at some point I can I don't see the point. You're five weeks
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. So it's for okay. Yeah, I see what you mean. Yeah, I can imagine that be fun.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I also can't imagine what that does to a family if if somebody didn't want to be on life support and then the state forced it. And we've seen some outcomes for that. Not here but in texas. And the outcome ends up generally being that the fetus dies anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean at that point, if you're only that far along, like there's no really well value in saving that and then having the mother go through something, they not only against their wishes, but something that's also very invasive.
SPEAKER_R: Yes so it's it's a very strange system to me. I mean I can see you know if you're a viability if you're in the third trimester.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah, that's fine. Something when you first heard it, I was like, oh, but then I was like, wait a minute. Okay. I see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's if you're in third trimester sure fine you've got a month you're unlikely to end up killing the fetus at that point if you're five weeks. The case that was very controversial in texas. The fetus ended up being smashed because the body didn't expand.
SPEAKER_L: No. Oh gosh.
SPEAKER_R: So it's not a gentle thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's definitely not as black and white, but then unfortunately whenever these bills or laws come around it's always black and white.
SPEAKER_R: Of course. Yeah. I mean I have filled out power of attorney and um living well paperwork and new Hampshire which I greatly appreciated has a little checkbox. Do your wishes change if you're pregnant? Check yes or no and then fill out before.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's something. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's a reasonable thing versus your wishes. Don't count if you're pregnant. But yeah it's it's
SPEAKER_L: teach
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: their own, it's, I mean I can't speak for Oklahoma because we're pretty bad everything here, but
SPEAKER_R: I mean I can respect if somebody wants to be kept on life support because they're pregnant. I don't know if that's necessarily what I would want. But yeah
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it's it's a very strange thing.
SPEAKER_L: the time when they don't even with the choice, but the steel forces them to get a choice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's and I mean you're appointing somebody to make decisions for you and the state is overriding that and we are way past our 25 minutes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: I need to I never expected I would meet someone like in the process of applying to medical school either. Like I just assumed it would be somewhat a lot older already had career, that that sort of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's nice to uh the two other people I've been matched with have both in college students. Oh
SPEAKER_L: wow, okay. So there are some youngsters on here.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I don't know what the general ages, but um yeah, both of the people have talked to have been college students, so that maybe
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: the general population who's willing to do a video chat.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. I'm glad to have met you. It was a really great conversation. Right,
SPEAKER_R: it was have a great rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too. Good luck with the complex.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you my