remember. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
I'm
good, how are you?
Let's meet him. Yeah.
Okay Tina sorry my voice is
a little quiet. Okay.
Mhm. I see you too. I see it's also nice and sunny where you are right now.
Oh you're mine,
I mean mid west or south central us, so it's very sunny right now.
Oh you're in Ohio okay, that's awesome. Yeah,
I'm all the way in Oklahoma so our weather tends to be bipolar anyway, but but
we are that this warm in november?
Yeah, I've never been anywhere outside of Oklahoma myself. Mhm.
Yeah. Are you not from? Ohio and really?
Okay, wow. So you've always been kind used to the cold anyway?
wow, that must have been a stark change.
that's cool though. I know a few friends that went to college in California too. Yeah, I pretty much Oxford in Oklahoma. Oh
I'm currently still a student, so
medicine, so it's long track for sure. It'll
be a while
already end but just on the track to still you get one eventually.
Oh wow.
Are you playing all over?
Okay, cool. I go to a day of school, so that narrows it down since Oklahoma only has like two or three
right now. I really don't know I finished my second year, so I'm athlete in the weird phase of actually not being on rotations right now because I took a year off this year to kind of focus on my boards, so it's very up in the air since I've only been through a few rotations, just not surgery is the main thing.
Yeah, like I think it's very cool to see, but actually doing it myself, I can't imagine that
and
I didn't look at me, so.
No.
Yeah, I guess some people say like you never know who you actually get on rotations, but I'm hoping it won't be me honestly,
that's a good compromise. Do you have anything in mind?
Okay. Yeah, that's cool.
Mm. Have you shadow anyone?
Do you have a place that you're really wanting to get into?
I
can
Makes sense. Yeah.
Yes. In state tuition. I can't argue with that.
Why
Best of luck man. I know a few friends who are flying right now and it's never an easy process.
No, you're still pretty early on video.
Sometimes
yes sometimes being re applicant is good. My friend was a re applicant and she applied the end this year she got in, so she's the first year right now. Yeah. And at least my class there's always a different like age range like for my cause it's like 24 all the way up to like 40 something so never too late.
No shame in you know what you want. So.
Is your, have all your interviews been like online or I guess you're, since you're applying, do you think they'll all be online this year
program?
Okay. Makes sense. But also just because you can't really see the campus and feel the vibe.
Oh, good point. Yeah. I'm hoping next year look a lot better than this year husband.
Yeah. It's also because of Kobe concerns because during the whole parametric canceling these and faces, I got canceled twice. And by the time that I was presented with either I take it within a short amount of time where I probably wouldn't do as well as I would have liked at my peak or I just go and take the year off anyway. So I was kind of like, well for exam this big, I want to make sure I have ample time. So
that's the plan. Last year I had just planned to take or I guess a few months ago I only just plan to take the complex but now that I have ample time I'm kind of like well I just do both.
Yeah I think I want to remain in state so it's it wouldn't be a bad thing if I only did one of them but I think you know that with it being so unsure of what I want to do like my as well if I had the chance to might as well just stay for both. Especially because stop speaking there's a lot more supporting U. S. Melly study wise and like score prediction wise and there is a complex.
Yeah that won't be next year but will be the year after.
my
friend. Yes So we passed here for you. Yeah, but no clue of complex will eventually change to match that either. Yeah.
Probably. I don't like the away like the kind of the government representation for Dios had voted for the complex to actually be removed or like the abolishes the test and just having a component to the assembly which makes sense. But I mean I don't think they're gonna release that my source of income that fast.
Oh yeah, for sure. Like I think some people were saying like the whole pass fail moving backward you is because we're gonna have to essentially force it takes up to be wanted like a fighting shot if you want some competitive or out of state and that's much more money than what the step one taking them you would be. So it's sex. I think comics is just not very well written compared to like I think taking some of the school exam administered practice tests. Like it's a bit frustrating to not even be able to see what we got wrong if you bought one of those like calm state practice test and then the score prediction is never accurate either because they just released new blueprint last year.
Yes.
Yes. Uh If anything to stop do Caribbeans please.
No.
I mean I think even some of my friends who are like in second year and now they're kind of like what's it look like to the presidency of the country because right now the U. S. Isn't looking too hot and I was like it's not about you. Okay.
Yeah so either way it wouldn't be useful but the nice it's something to think about I guess.
think this year has just been a little rough for everybody, so it's interesting. Well, hopefully be better next year is what I'm hoping.
Yes. Um personally, I'm just happy that the elections are way past us that definitely played by week so long
and hopefully hopefully nothing changes. That's what I'm okay. But
interesting. That doesn't surprise me. That's also a little sad,
interesting
that actually surprised me considering how close it was for so many states.
That's true.
Yeah. Unfortunately, I'm in a state where it's always read, so,
but you guys are one of the swing states, right? So it's
not always
read.
Yeah. Well, Oklahoma is one of the only other state besides like west Virginia that was already, so I was hoping we'd have to be at least one county that turned blue this year, but now.
Oh, that's that's where I wanted to go. That's where I went to college. So All right.
Oh yeah, they pay a lot for the merit scholars.
Yeah, they played, they pay very nicely, but you have to like a large percentage of national merits to because of the money offer. I think my friend was a national merit to and she was kind of like, yeah, I never had to pay for me and then she even got and if she wanted to go abroad to just like dig it,
I mean it's Oklahoma. I think people realize that, you know, you realize is that Oklahoma is not the most ideal place to move to. So that's why they offer so much. But I think
in terms of medical school, like it's not very like there's not many here to apply to if you wanted, like in state tuition.
Okay. It's a lot of rules.
Look,
Right now I'm just kind of focusing on getting my life back together. I think just being on rotations and then being through that whole mental game of not just like feeling like I was behind everything, I just decided to take some time off and get like my health back into check first and then I'll probably like I started studying kind of, but then it's been a bit hard to get my brain back to focusing on like 8 to 12 hours study days.
Yeah. And that's my friend actually recommended prolific for me because I was like, I want a job, I don't want to go out since the case is just still so high. Right? And she said let's try prolific. Like it's not like a huge like income but like definitely some more substantial than other service sites and I liked it so far.
Yeah, this is my second one and so far, I mean my last one that was supposed to yesterday canceled on me, so this is only my second, but I mean I appreciate the bonus and the conversations do.
Yeah, I think zoom like whoever in invested stockings who I'm sure is enjoying it right now.
Oh,
That's
good.
Oh gosh. I can't imagine trying to think of my brain back and like sometimes I look at math problems nowadays, I'm like, what is that yet?
That's true. But I don't know right now, I'm kind of just like, I don't know what the best plan is and then they would want to take my boards before May because I don't want to be in the same timeline this last year trying to get made in june when everyone else is trying to take it. But we'll see. I think my life is just trying to get a little structured at this point.
What?
Yeah, it's not bad at all. So do you teach people like through online mainly then?
Oh yeah, that makes sense.
Mm hmm. That makes sense.
makes sense.
No. Yeah, makes sense.
You seem to be interested in teaching that like, is that something you want to do later as a doctor who will be involved in academics?
No shame.
One of my
friends
was like a teacher before she entered medical school, so I don't know, she plans to go back into academics because it's totally different field from like teaching like high schoolers, I'm sure.
Now that makes sense. I think it's always interesting to see like where people come from in medical school, like backgrounds like I've seen in my class, like police officers, teachers, pilots, and I'm just like, how did you get here? Oh.
Well that's a very important aspect of medicine for sure.
Would that be something you're interested in?
possibly here?
It could be interesting.
That'd be cool. I think especially for Oklahoma, like we lost this past year, like any doctors on or like seats and I think one of the governors or one of the past positions who had a position before his re running, so I'm really hoping he gets six, I think at least in our state, like we're having trouble with the fact that nurses want to practice independently of doctors and so I fear that it's going to become a reality soon rather than being like uh oh it won't, it won't ever pass kind of thing.
I
feel
like it's just
our ends. Yes. I think that's been the bill. It's kind of, I think at least when they explained to us, like they managed to always like sneak the bill into the house by like kind of like pushing it onto another bill and kind of hiding it until it got to the floor. But in the past it's been shut down before because in the past, I think that someone that we're working with on um the house team, they were like, well I can introduce it to the floor, but you have to have, I want to like add on that, you have to have 10,000 hours of actual like clinical practice and then you also should be practicing in world because your bill is all about like oh there's not enough real positions so I want to see that implemented and they didn't like those terms. So that year that he tried to work with them like it didn't get introduced at all because of those things like they didn't want to add on to those but these past few years like it's managed to get onto the floor and we've managed to stop it enough but I swear that it's only a matter of time before they decide like oh hey it's way cheaper to have bunch nurses rather than raise one doctor. So let's go let's wonder worry.
I don't have an issue with that because I think especially the hospital I've seen like they are very capable of what they do for sure. But I think I think all the nursing levels it depends like where they're at.
Hello, interesting
mm. Okay so they still need a doctor to officially?
interesting.
I know that there's a p a Bill Rowling recently to to try and get that. I don't mind that as much but I think it's also like if they wanted to I think they still would be linked under to a physician. So that would be my concern is like if they get to practice independently but they don't get the consequences for whatever decisions they might make because it's unfair for the doctors to get the the consequences of what they might do. So it's weird terminology that I'm like it's like I don't mind other people practicing independently but I think it has to have extra regulations to where the doctor wouldn't still be shouldering like all the mistakes.
Yeah it's definitely an interesting time for Sherlock. I know it's very expensive to produce a doctor compared to all the other levels, but I think for it's there for a reason. So I hope the state continues to see value in that.
Yeah. Like I worry like what the nurses bill if it does get past eventually, like it might be competitive with the family physicians and because I know family physicians don't always get the best rep considering they have to do so much for as much as I get paid, even though they still make it, you send them out like it's still relatively less, but I just don't want to see that. Like fizzle out I guess.
Yeah. Like I think it just depends because I think I've seen most of my friends who are in nursing schools say that they don't appreciate the terms of the bill that they're trying to pass, They wouldn't mind it. Like I can understand like some nurses might want the ability to prescribe medication but I still think that they just still have physician supervision in that case.
Yeah. Like even that like I would be happy but it's kind of so I feel like there's so many things that legal term wise that it just is so vague and I just don't think it's going to ever be to the point where I'm sure that both parties will be happy with it.
Yeah. Which is interesting to me because I think you know someone professors have always said like you know be nice to your pharmacist because they seem like but like several 1000 times when I've accidentally prescribed the wrong dose.
two news. Yeah.
yeah. Because I think like it's really sad to see that some people on the health care team still getting mistreated, like I think I understand why there is a hierarchy like, but it's still very much a checks and balances system because my best friend is a pharmacist and she's kind of like, you know, it still exists like doctors so doctors treated like trash and don't tell us anything and then yellow us when we're not even the ones making a mistake so it's kind of sad.
Yeah, I think the time and train he definitely buys, definitely avoids an interesting mix because then I feel like there's always a few people in the class that you wonder like how did you get here if you're not really grateful or appreciative of anything? Like you think
medical students would be like on the top for professionalism, but it's always the case.
No.
Yeah, I can't imagine that actually turning out Well, if she somehow got to that got to there.
Yeah. Oh God, I can't imagine even rotation, but if you like if she worked with a few doctors and she some how about that slip? I can't imagine it turned out well.
Yeah, no, I'm ready. I'm hoping it comes out sooner rather than later. But I know that I'm definitely lower on the prioritized scale than others. So
yes, and I'm at this point, I feel like Oklahoma especially there's been a rise in the number of anti vaxxers and I'm like, I'm feeling like we're going backwards. I don't know why
team,
that's comparable to Oklahoma, but the highest we've had so far is like four K. Which is a lot considering how small Oklahoma can be. But
so you're like, all right, we haven't hit peak yet.
Yeah, I don't think the Bahamas reached its peak quite yet either. So I think it will be interesting because we're still one of the states that do not have a mass mandate anywhere either or statewide. Yes, But,
but
individual cities.
That's good.
Okay. Yeah, that's good. Um Our governor basically said a few weeks ago or like a week ago even like he would not push the mask mandate and I was like, well, there you go.
Yeah, I think that's I mean, I think I understand people who say that's an idea. Like I get it. But then it's also like, you know, people were the mess, this would have happened. But here we are.
I
guess it's annoying. But it's not hard.
Yeah. And for the most part, I don't think it's been that terrible to live with a mask on. It's just, I mean, I've definitely become more conscious of just like, do I really need to go out now or you can wait till later when things aren't as busy?
Yeah. I feel like people look so different without their mask on to, like, I think sometimes when I was working with a few of the doctors, when I was on rotations, like as soon as they took the mask off, I was like, you look like a totally different person. I have no idea who you are.
I just
hope it gets better by 2021. Like I would love to not be worried about going out or since I'm living at home right now. I would like like to and then not be worried that I would in fact my family, if I were, because for me it wouldn't be bad if I got it, but for the rest of my family who are more important, you don't compromise. It would be bad.
Yeah. Which I get. But I'm also kind of like, well, you never know.
Yeah. I can only hope that they have a good vaccine for like in the way they are going to minister. Because I can imagine describing a lot of people wanting it.
Yeah. Yes. I think one was like 4% higher than so I was kind of like, well, why not? But
yeah, pretty much
second
only hope Wilbur takes that job on will do a good job at it. It's gonna be crazy regardless. But I think it would be nice to have someone who can advocate its legitimacy rather than trying to stop just all corroborate his talks in general.
The Bureau
definitely like that for sure. Yeah. I've definitely seen some people like that, I'm a little concerned. Yeah.
the same.
Yeah. I think this year has really shown me how disappointed I am with some people. The
Harbinger show discourse over just wearing a mask. It's very concerning.
Yes, that's fair.
Yeah. Yes. Fire them. It's understandable that people want to get back to the regular life, but I'm like, you know, at this point, we're not going to get a regular life.
Okay. Yeah, it's safe.
And they just kind of interesting where it's gotten because I think even back in March two, because my class, we took a picture, because then the president was like, my class was like, you know, we're not sure if we might be getting off for the rest of the semester or not, so let's just take the class teacher now. And I remember thinking like oh this is ridiculous like of course we're gonna come back like school and he said they're not going to cancel school and then at the end of the week of spring break they said yeah the school's canceled for the semester like it's all online and I was like okay.
and I think that's going to be it's both a con in a pro I guess because I imagine it would be hard for anatomy. I can't imagine how that's like but then it's also I've always been like an online class lecture person so I wouldn't mind it doing it online but definitely just even socializing with people, it's going to be hard.
I know.
Yeah that's fair. I'm not surprised people are like no americans. I'm like yeah we're pretty bad right now, I can't blame you.
Oh wow, she's been all over.
Oh, it's fine.
Mhm.
Yeah, it's a little sabbath. Okay. There's always family there.
Yeah, it's not as exciting, I'm sure.
Yes. Oklahoma. Especially incarceration week for women, probably the highest of any state in the US.
I can see the point in that.
Oh, okay. So it's for okay. Yeah, I see what you mean. Yeah, I can imagine that be fun.
Yeah, I mean at that point, if you're only that far along, like there's no really well value in saving that and then having the mother go through something, they not only against their wishes, but something that's also very invasive.
Yes. Yeah, that's fine. Something when you first heard it, I was like, oh, but then I was like, wait a minute. Okay. I see.
No. Oh gosh.
Yeah, I mean it's definitely not as black and white, but then unfortunately whenever these bills or laws come around it's always black and white.
Okay. That's something. Uh huh.
teach
their own, it's, I mean I can't speak for Oklahoma because we're pretty bad everything here, but
No,
the time when they don't even with the choice, but the steel forces them to get a choice.
Oh yeah, we are.
I need to I never expected I would meet someone like in the process of applying to medical school either. Like I just assumed it would be somewhat a lot older already had career, that that sort of thing.
wow, okay. So there are some youngsters on here.
interesting.
Yeah, that makes sense. I'm glad to have met you. It was a really great conversation. Right,
good luck with everything.
Thank you my