this year. Bye. Mhm. Hi, how
are you
doing? Well, I'm jess,
I'm sorry, I missed your name.
He
to meet you.
Um that's my lamp. It's actually overcast and snowing.
How about you? Where are you?
Yeah, I'm in Ohio it's snowing and it started to get cold.
yeah,
remember.
Yeah, I've never been to Oklahoma.
so you're originally from Oklahoma then?
No, I am originally from New Hampshire.
Yeah, except for college. I went to college in California where it was nice, Warm and sunny most of the year.
Yes, a little bit of a distraction but uh not terrible.
So what do you do in Oklahoma?
Right. All right. What are you studying
i
in the process of applying to medical school?
Yeah. Nice. I am uh currently filling out secondaries. It's taking forever, yep.
So
I am yeah, and I'm applying both M. D. And D. O. So
yeah. Okay, awesome. So what are you looking to practice?
Yeah. I feel like surgery takes forever to get through and way too early in the morning.
I
just
that could do something. I just observed my first surgery a few weeks ago and
uh I can't imagine it's for me either.
Uh huh. Yeah the doctor that I spent most of my time observing as an anesthesiologist and he said that he got into anesthesia because he wanted to be a surgeon but he also wanted to have a life. Yeah.
emergency medicine I think
yeah I also would like to have a life outside of medicine.
Yes. Um so I just finished a master's in bioethics and medical humanities and part of our program was spending 100 and 60 hours in the hospital shadowing. So I got to shadow all over the place. Um And one of my classmates fathers is a video that I am doing some additional shadowing with as I apply to medical school. So yeah it's
um So my kind of hierarchy is I applied to two schools that are tuition free free is better than anything. Um And then
I
would I would rather go to a state school in a private school. Mostly
from a monetary perspective.
Yeah. And Ohio. We have seven state medical schools. One D. O. And then
six. Yeah one. Do you have a. Six M. D. And I applied to all of them.
No it's and I was wait listed last year so I was waiting to hear about the wait list before I submitted again. So I'm a little on the late side but I don't think I'm terrible for D. O.
Yeah and I've already sent my secondary to my first choice school which is the state school you're in. Ohio. And they wait listed me last year So crossing my fingers that they take me
this
Yeah I turned 34 next week or no I turned 34 this week so.
Yeah. No I'm hoping that the universe gives me a birthday president an interview somewhere. So
I think all 38 D. O. Schools have gone online and I think everywhere I applied
for MD has also gone online.
Yeah I figure if I get once I get in somewhere especially if it's here in Ohio I'll at least go walk around on a day and maybe by spring will actually get to do second looks.
Yeah I guess you took a picture. Goodyear to take a year off though.
Yeah. So are you taking the complex and the U. S. M. L. E. Or just complex?
Yeah I mean it opens up some options that aren't there if you just take complex.
Yeah. Well I think also depending on when in the year you take it you S. M. L. A. Will have gone past fail. Right
okay. So if I take the U.
S.
I think once the merge is a little bit more behind us of the residencies we'll probably see one of those tests go away. Probably complex.
Yeah it's a huge moneymaker. And I mean even if they just go to having complex. Be the physical exam portion where they have you perform. Oh mm that would still be a big source of income for them.
Yeah I like the DEA philosophy. I hate the idea of having to do 200 hours of oh mm.
Um but I will take any route to medical school as long as it means that I don't have to leave the country.
No, no. I had a friend who suggested maybe going to Poland because they do their
medical education in english and they're apparently undergoing a medical renaissance. I don't know that I want to do that.
But I think if you want to come back and practice, don't you still have to do a US based residency?
Yeah. I mean I don't think Poland is exactly warm and sunny either. Mhm.
Oh I hope so. It's just it's been a year.
Yeah, me too. I'm glad they are over. I will be glad when we hit january.
I don't think so. I saw somebody make a point. One of my friends and I think it's a good one that trump is not contesting the election in order to change the results. He's contesting the election in order to continue to raise money. Mhm.
Yeah but the campaign has huge debt apparently.
So.
Yeah. Well the biden campaign did out raise the trump campaign and outspends
the trump campaign.
Yeah I'm in a state that went red this time.
We
are
no not always read um the last few times apparently.
Yeah. I have not been to Oklahoma. My parents really wanted me to go to college at Oklahoma because they at the University of Oklahoma made me the best scholarship offer.
Yeah I was a national merit scholar and
yeah I think I've changed it since I graduated from high school but when I was getting ready to go to college they paid five years of tuition including if you wanted a graduate degree, the first year um room and board and then a $1500 a month statement.
Yeah. It might not have been the world's worst idea, but you know, at 18 you don't always make the best financial decisions.
But
Yeah. My high school advisor was actually a graduate of the University of Oklahoma, so he was encouraging it. He was he was on the wrestling team and apparently afterwards became a professional wrestler for awhile, which is one of the weirdest things for a vice principal at a catholic school. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. My advisor was the vice principal and the football coach.
Yeah, terrified my younger sister, which was hilarious.
So uh are you working this year? Since you're taking the year off? What are you doing?
Yeah. No, I get it. I since I finished my Masters and now I'm just working, it's like I have so much free time
I have to and I'm liking these little video chats I've talked to interesting people.
Yeah it feels like getting to connect. Especially in the age of covid where we can't go anywhere
by bad. Yeah. Um
I actually work for a company where I work from home um Almost full
time
I do S. A. T. And A. C. T. Prep and if you're looking just for a few hours a week I would imagine my company would snap you up as a medical student. Mhm. Yeah.
Well S. A. T. And A. C. T. Only go up through trig.
Yeah definitely. I I work almost full time for my company which is great because it's the only thing I do other than prolific but it's
our minimum as we're looking for people to commit to six hours a week. Which is not very much. And
yeah, we have our own whiteboard system, we use Skype. Um, so we just use the voice. We don't do any video with our kids because well, privacy first of all, and second of all band with
plus I tell parents, you know, I would much rather your kid be looking at what I'm writing on the white board rather than me writing it.
Yeah, I've worked for them for about 3.5 years now and great company. Um no benefits because it's technically part time,
but I get to meet interesting kids unfortunately because S. A T A. C. T. Tutoring is just so expensive. I mostly meat rich kids,
but uh I volunteered as a mentor for a high school student. So I feel like I at least sort of offset the fact that most of my work is for the rich.
I don't see myself doing it. I kind of fell into it with my first graduate degree. Um I ended up working for Kaplan and then like I've just stayed in the industry because somehow in the last 12 years I became an expert. So.
Yeah. No I average my kids average picking up about seven points on the A. C. T. So it's one of those things where I get paid relatively well. I don't have to leave my house or get dressed do it. So one
of
the,
Yeah I I feel like it is kind of a natural transition into medicine because you spend so much time doing patient education. But I don't necessarily see myself like his faculty.
I came out of a career in political campaigns before I decided to apply to medical school.
Yeah. One of the schools I'm applying to actually has a, it's A. D. A school that has a congressional fellowship program in health policy.
I think it would be. Unfortunately it's located in Arkansas which more than likely means that this uh congressional representative is a Republican.
Yeah it's interesting
to, yeah it's interesting to see all the opportunities there are. Like I could definitely see myself, I've got a masters in political science and I came out of political campaigns. I could see myself at some point being a lobbyist as a physician.
Are
you
talking
about like are you talking about like a R. N. P. S. Or are you talking about our ends?
Yeah. Well I can see kind of a our NPS practicing independently. Yeah.
Yeah I know where I'm from in new Hampshire, I don't know what the law is in Ohio Air and Peace can practice independently. The one that was more surprising to me is that P. S. Can practice independently.
Although by state law they can't pronounce death
a doctor or an Air and P an Air and pecan pronounce death P.
A. Can.
Yeah. Also like I know there's a lot of discussion and a lot of differences about whether midwives can be lay or if they have to be nurses.
Yeah and doctors have the expertise in the training.
Yeah. And do you necessarily want an RN independently delivering baby for instance
or even pharmacists supervision?
Yeah. I mean even pharmacists can't prescribe.
Yeah I had a pharmacist um actually kept going to that pharmacy when it wasn't covered by my insurance because a pharmacist caught a dozing error um where the um it was for insulin and the physician wrote a 10 millimeter dose when she meant a 10 unit dose. And the pharmacist I go to pick up the prescription and he says I can't fill this, this is going to kill you if you take it as prescribed
and then he couldn't get a hold of the physician. So it was like it was the whole thing and the pharmacist is the one who caught it. I'm not a physician, I would have taken it as prescribed probably up until I drew it and went oh I would have to empty this entire syringe should take a single dose. I might start questioning it at that point.
Yeah I saw when I was shadowing in the er I saw a lot of consulting the pharmacist because the er that I was in I was at the Cleveland clinic which is you know huge hospital system um And the pharmacist was part of the health care team and the physicians were asking, okay what do you think about this plan? So that was nice to see.
saw
you've got to wonder sometimes how people end up where they are. Like I saw one girl in one of my classes who was in the process of applying to medical school after having a doctorate in chiropractic
and how you get to medical school without believing in vaccines. Yeah. Yeah. It's one of those questions. Yes. Like how are you going to be a physician and not advocate for people to be up to date on their vaccines?
Hopefully doesn't end up as a pediatrician.
No. Like I am so pro vaccine. Once we get a covid vaccine, please stick me with.
Yeah. Meet you. But I will gladly get my vaccine.
Yeah. Here are cases are insane. Um,
friday was our first day with 8000 cases. Our seven day rolling average up until last week had been 1500.
Yeah. Last week we broke 9000 13,000 and 8000.
We have hit exponential growth though.
Yeah, we do
have
and our state has a mask mandate and they're starting to really enforce it. Um,
so if a business is not enforcing masks the first time they get a warning and the second time they get shut down for 24 hours.
Yeah. Our governor has been decent and has said if things do not turn around by thursday, I don't think things are going to turn around by thursday. Um we are going to shut down again, bars, restaurants and gyms.
Yeah, I wear my mask uh whenever
I
Yeah, the only time I don't is when I'm actually in the pool at the gym and when I'm out walking the dog or checking the mail or something like that.
Yeah. One of the things that I've noticed is it does make it harder like to read people. Mhm. Like you may be smiling at somebody from behind the mask, but you can't really tell.
Yeah, it's I mean, I think they're going to be with us for a while. Mhm. Yeah.
That
Yeah, I got really sick in March. I think I've had it, but I passed the time where I can get an antibody test and when I was sick, at least here it was. If you're not hospitalized and you don't work in health care, good luck. You're not getting a test.
It would have been useful to know if I had it. I'm not sure. I could have driven myself to go get a test. I was so sick. I could barely walk the dog and slept about 20 hours a day.
Yeah. Well, it looks like two companies now have vaccines that could get FDA approval.
I mean it's at this point just about maximizing distribution.
Like I
would.
Well, I think it was actually a nurse from Oklahoma who was just interviewed. I think on Good morning America who said that patients are denying covid existence right up until they die of it. Like they don't believe
it.
I mean back in March, I thought we might be overreacting. Okay.
But I'm at the point where I don't believe we are overreacting. We may actually be under reacting.
I know.
I mean, I know it's a little bit selfish. But I would like to go on vacation before I start med school.
And I would love to be able to do it without having to wear a mask with my bathing suit.
No, like I'm not going home for thanksgiving, I've already told my family, I'm not going home for christmas um and I have one friend who is going to come for christmas, we are both single, we both live alone, the only people were putting in danger is ourselves.
It's as safe as we're going to get and I would rather not spend every major holiday of an entire year by myself. Mhm.
Yeah, there's something to be said about being grateful I didn't get in this year because I can't imagine going through first year exclusively online. Mhm.
Yeah, it's got to be, I have a friend who just started her first semester of her master's degree and it's all online and I mean there's something to be said because she's attending the University of Mississippi but she doesn't have to live in Mississippi. So
she has spent her semester in England and Ecuador countries that will take americans.
she was supposed to go to Iceland. She worked in Iceland last summer. Um
Yeah I actually got to visit her in Iceland last year. Which I was very grateful for because it was my first time getting to travel outside of north America. Uh
Yeah it's gorgeous. Um
But I was supposed to study abroad in the Netherlands and that did not happen.
I had been really looking forward to that women's health and public health uh in the Netherlands class. But uh yeah no I tripped women's health and public health via zoom.
No no I wrote a paper on compare sens between the us and the Netherlands and treatment of women who are addicted to drugs and pregnant. Yeah the U. S. Prosecutes the Netherlands doesn't.
Yeah. Well Ohio um if you're pregnant it overrides A. D. N. R. Mhm. And they have to intubate and keep you on a ventilator. You can't be removed from life support if you're pregnant.
I mean at some point I can I don't see the point. You're five weeks
I mean I also can't imagine what that does to a family if if somebody didn't want to be on life support and then the state forced it. And we've seen some outcomes for that. Not here but in texas. And the outcome ends up generally being that the fetus dies anyway.
Yes so it's it's a very strange system to me. I mean I can see you know if you're a viability if you're in the third trimester.
Yeah it's if you're in third trimester sure fine you've got a month you're unlikely to end up killing the fetus at that point if you're five weeks. The case that was very controversial in texas. The fetus ended up being smashed because the body didn't expand.
So it's not a gentle thing.
Of course. Yeah. I mean I have filled out power of attorney and um living well paperwork and new Hampshire which I greatly appreciated has a little checkbox. Do your wishes change if you're pregnant? Check yes or no and then fill out before.
I think that's a reasonable thing versus your wishes. Don't count if you're pregnant. But yeah it's it's
interesting.
I mean I can respect if somebody wants to be kept on life support because they're pregnant. I don't know if that's necessarily what I would want. But yeah
it's it's a very strange thing.
Yeah. Yeah. That's and I mean you're appointing somebody to make decisions for you and the state is overriding that and we are way past our 25 minutes. Mhm.
Yeah, it's been really nice talking to you.
Yeah, it's nice to uh the two other people I've been matched with have both in college students. Oh
yeah, so I don't know what the general ages, but um yeah, both of the people have talked to have been college students, so that maybe
the general population who's willing to do a video chat.
it was have a great rest of your day.
Thank you. You too. Good luck with the complex.