well
yeah, I can
hear you can, you know mm
Yeah, I figured it might be easier for me because I know that there are kids running around um outside my place, so.
Who?
Yeah, that sounds about right. Um I can set a timer on my phone.
There
is,
I don't see it.
that's fine, that's fine.
I didn't see anything, I thought there was something that they mentioned yesterday um
but
obviously like, I don't recall what that was um
Actually
I'm in
Oklahoma as well. Yeah,
Okay, I'm in Tulsa.
yep. That's where I'm at.
For sure. Well, good for you, congratulations. Um
A little bit about me,
I'm
not from Oklahoma, I'm from Ohio. Um
I
came here
for
an internship
that started last august
um and I was furloughed um a little over two weeks ago um but because um I was contracted employee um just temporary, my
internship ended that the end of that week, so now I'm in the process of getting everything together
to move back to Ohio um
the columbus areas where I'm from and uh okay once
I get back it's it's a matter of um applying for jobs once listings become available because I work in athletics and um with sports obviously not happening um It's kind of hard to get a job when there really isn't a lot for you to do.
So
I so I worked at Tulsa, the University of Tulsa and Athletics and um more so what I did was a lot of like writing and just creating documents uh
for events and uh again just because there's no sports going on and obviously there's no um start date for college sports. I'm in a I'm in a waiting game, like a bunch of other people. And uh there's been a couple of job listings that I've applied for, but it will probably be a case where,
you know, once an announcements made, there will kind of be a, a flash of of listings that
are posted
just because schools will know that they'll be able to pay people to actually do work versus, you know, staying at home and doing nothing.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I uh I've been in my field for a couple years now and uh, I just tried to work my way up the ladder. Um I met a guy a year ago who at the time was working with the Indianapolis Colts and uh, he told me that um for example, if you want to work in the NFL, then the Your situation is you kind of have to work three internships. Um doesn't matter what, what team, you can be the same team consecutive times. Um but that's kind of how they start to base you on whether or not you're qualified for
the
field
and or hire you. I'm sure
there's x
there's you know, exclusions
to that, but exceptions as well. But nonetheless, so it's it's a little bit of a an approach for me that you know, it's going to have to keep working at what I've been doing just to get in.
No,
so I don't, so because So like I started August one and the final day of May was to be my last day. Um And because of that I was too, yeah finish everything up there and then move out of my apartment. Um
Hopefully to a job, but if not, you know to go go to Ohio wait for someone to hire me and then go to such location. Obviously things have changed and I'm just in a point now where I have to move back home and I have to find some form of work. Um I found out that I'm eligible for unemployment in the state.
But that's that's been a little bit of a process um I at first
I wasn't sure that was an information that was provided to me um Once I had found out I had already contacted the state and so
I had like a ticket put in. Um
That was two weeks ago
and
during that time I went ahead and I um submitted an application but I forgot to include a piece of information at the very end. Um It was it was listed in the in the application overall um but I did not include the financials
of that position and so now I am waiting to speak to someone and trying to get that all situated um It's the same person. So I guess my initial call has approach to it, but obviously it's getting some form of income is the main thing for me.
Yeah. Um, you know, I don't know
that exact
answer.
I think it depends what you're doing. Um, I don't know if you've paid um, a lot
of attention to the news and like other states and how they've handled this, but uh, the Ohio governor, um, I, I kid with some of my friends, like I've always taken this whole thing seriously. Um, but in comparison to other governors, I feel like the Ohio governor kind of took it a little far at first and then everyone kind of realized that okay, we think he's on to something because you wouldn't think Ohio is a gigantic state by given the fact that you have a lot of
big
cities within the state that adds to the population and I think for the size of state that it is, it's kind of contained the virus. Well um
the state
was
Oklahoma is significantly fewer cases um
in Ohio they were to open basically all the stuff that all the other states are opening yesterday and then on thursday um they announced that that was
not
going to happen. Um instead they are going to wait until the 11th or 12th I believe. And then at that point they will decide if they want to go with opening like uh you know restaurants, um
barbershops,
things of that nature um and then kind of going on a week by week basis so it'll be interesting to see um But mm that's a uh it's obviously a process overall.
I saw that um that
that
would apply
to
me,
it would apply to me for sure. Um But I don't know how it's if it's handled any differently just because uh of the type of status of my employment on top of the fact that uh
I wouldn't be getting paid an extended period of time, I wouldn't
think
that would be impacted. But um that's that's something that I'm just trying to figure out. Uh
the state has this thing called or the people are called level
one representatives
and level two representatives. And so when you contact them, the first person you talked to Is a Level one Representative. And um obviously
since they're the ones that first answer your calm, they don't
have
as many privileges and access to some of the more like personal stuff about yourself. And so that's why they just add to your ticket and then you talk to what is called the level two representatives and that's who I'm waiting
to talk to. I guess there's five. They call him, I believe tears.
Um and I'm currently in the 4th tier, which means that um my case is waiting to be assigned to someone. Um it just hasn't been assigned to someone yet And then once it's in the 5th tier they'll review my application. Once they do that, then they call me, we go over everything.
Technically any errors that I've
made
in the application can be corrected on their end and from there I can go about doing the next steps. So like uh since I'm from Ohio, I would have to reach out to the state of Ohio because my understanding
is
that is
who
I would be talking to in terms
of, you know, submitting x number of applications a week
for jobs. Um but Oklahoma would be the ones paying me,
so.
yes, I'm gonna I'm gonna hire resident.
It's uh
and there's there's possibly even more people that haven't applied for any benefits. So it
personally I think I'll make it worse. Um
I think it's a case where um and I kid with my friends about this, kid may not be the word to use.
People tend
to,
people tend to care about themselves and their selves only
they don't
see the grand picture. They
want to, they want to get stuff done when they want to get stuff done, they want to do things when they want to do it. And unfortunately that's not how the world can be handled right now. And so the longer people realize that you can't do with things that you want to do just because the state says, okay, go about doing things that you once handled this and then go home, then the faster we'll be able to get through this pandemic. If we all just stayed home with the exception of, you know, people like yourself who are considered essential workers and going out and doing the various essential things like buying groceries and whatnot, then we will be able to
read this faster, but at the same time we're not going to get rid of it until there's a vaccine. And I don't think people also realise that that's not going to be coming
in the next couple months. Um
because I'm sure just like with
remdesivir
yesterday, there could be side effects and we just don't know about yet.
What is your take on it like do you think the same or?
for
And I mean,
I was going to say, I mean, if you take into account like a place like new york, I mean, they're kind of in the same boat, like it's a lot, you know, closer
together
within the city, so, you know, that would add to, you know, such a thing.
So, I don't really know a whole lot on the broadcasting side, I think, from, from my level of expertise, it's more so the fact that schools
want to take care of their students um and,
I mean, obviously professional athletes are treated a little differently there on a contract.
Students are on a contract, just, you know, to play sports, but they're also here to get an education and mhm
beings that you're dealing with people who are, you know, not being paid to be there, I mean, you know, they are being paid to be there but they're not being compensated with ST cash in their pockets. Um So it
has to
be
treated a little differently, especially if the university is shut down, which obviously they are on campus um at least so
no. Um I uh I completed a grad assistantship last year um and I got my masters degree then and after talking over with my boss, he and I decided that I probably should have one more year in the field before going for a full time job. Um Especially
with where he thought I would be most suited and
uh
you know just applying for positions. I mean I applied for full time
jobs
but and I had interviews for them, but I I was blessed with the opportunity that was presented to me and uh I took it and uh and obviously I didn't expect this when a
on
august
was,
yeah, bye. I was sent
home
from work I think around March
17. And uh I got to thinking that there would end up being a possibility that I'd be let go. Um given the fact that I work at a private institution, um my work isn't considered essential. I'm not a professor, I'm not a student. And at the same time with my contracts at the end in May, they're not going to keep me to just, you know, work on stuff for the following year because you have months to do that because that's honestly what I was doing. We, me and my co workers, we
wrapped
up
the seasons of our spring sports and basketball as well because you know that that's when this all kind of started in the first two weeks of March and uh went home and uh
like I literally I brought my work desktop with me, I brought a printer with me. Um And now I have to go with my boss to campus, we have to call before we go there, so they're aware that were on campus, but I think besides that they really don't do anything. Um So
it's been an interesting overall, you know, month plus as I'm sure it has been for you and your family. Um
Yeah. Um Have you had to worry about uh being a teacher at home for your kids as well?
Okay, so you've kind of Okay.
More so it's you go to work,
get the kids, come home, repeat the process. Yeah.
Yeah. It could be it could be a lot worse.
I
I expect things to get worse in the coming weeks, I think people don't realize um that you know what we're experiencing uh
in the northern hemisphere, people are about to experience in the southern hemisphere more because they're going to be exposed to the colder weather. Um
And then on top
of that our overall economic situation where the government just keeps push up, pushing money into the stock market, just trying to keep that afloat. And I think that's
more
where
the president's business philosophy comes into play. But whether it be the market crashing or something else that I can think of right now, I mean it's it's gonna get a lot worse and I don't think like as you said, I don't think we've seen the the biggest stage of it and I think the
the next two years may even be a
an interesting uh survival test for all of us because.
So yeah,
it'll
be interesting to see what happens,
but hopefully everything with your family stays as it has been. Hopefully everyone stays healthy.
Thank
you.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
I've
enjoyed my time in Oklahoma. Uh
We don't have barbecue up there like I've experienced here. I think the
people
in the state are much nicer than the people in Ohio. Um
I think it depends. Um So
I mean I don't really have like a ton of experience like with Cleveland and Cincinnati markets. Um I've been around more people from the Cleveland area and I think people from Cleveland or a lot nicer than people from columbus. Um
Bye. I think more so you just have people that again, like a
lot of places they they see it as I care about me first. I really don't care about the person to my left, about the person to my right. Um I don't want to engage in any form of conversation with them and I just want to go about my way in my day. So I think people here at least from what I've experienced are a little bit more outgoing. Um I'm sure that's not every single place you go to but um at least my experience has been like that and I'm grateful
for that. Yeah.
Thank you.
thank you. And again thank you for the work that uh you and your family are doing uh with this. I'm sure that it's not you know easy going into work every day knowing that you know I don't know what medical work you do but obviously it's it's important to our society
so.
Yeah most definitely. So
thank you. You too.
Okay bye bye.