Hello? Yeah, can you hear me?
Hey?
come on, I'll put the headset on.
Yes, I have same kids running around inside the place. Can you hear me at it? Okay, fantastic. Um
So I think we have to chat for 25 minutes.
Yeah, there is a, there's a timer on the other window already um Do you know what
we
should?
Um I have a little counter on the, I'm cool.
It's about three minutes then. Um so I was just reading whether there is a specific topic we should chat about or not.
I can't
remember.
Well, okay, I can tell me a little bit about where I am and the city that I live in. Uh I'm Brennan in Oklahoma,
thank
you.
Sick of good parents. So I'm in Oklahoma City.
Okay. Yeah, my my wife's family's from there, so we've been there a few few times. The drunken error area.
so I wasn't always in Oklahoma, we probably can't tough max and I'm not a native from here and Uh from Italy I moved I moved here um I think 10, a little bit over 10 years ago, I did my college studies here and then I got a job and I got a family and you know, you make certain life decisions and yeah, they take you to take your different places. You never thought you were going to.
Thank you.
Thank
you.
Mhm Yeah. You
don't
lot of
my
life.
Point assault.
Joy.
working on it. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is
it with football? Which is
Mhm.
No, forced bottom.
what
you want?
Uh huh I'm sorry about your internship, by the way, did
you move
to court?
We're
talking
about
got
it.
Have everybody?
So my understanding of the furloughs is that you still have your job? Right. You just
are
No.
Yes, I was going to ask you about that.
Thank you.
Good.
Uh huh.
Is
this
That
Is it uh easier to get a job in? Ohio right now than it is in Oklahoma
Response
to what happened
at 11? Okay. Yes.
Well,
And I
think,
Right.
Do they have
the same amount of cases in Oklahoma Oklahoma? Or is it
Yeah.
I'm not
compassionate.
Public
parking?
Yes, I was following this a little bit uh and I've been fortunate enough that my field of work is in medical research, so uh it's considered that relatively essential and uh I've been still going to work just during the whole uh happily. But I read uh with benefits given to unemployment, a lot of people have uh actually made more money by being an unemployment than uh with
So
I exercise
the full
amount
of money.
Yeah.
And
actually
Two. Mhm.
Like
what?
Uh huh. Mhm.
You
know what?
Michael.
About
What?
You
know?
I love
you.
How
are you?
Translation.
Good.
Can
you consider how you arrest into an old recipe?
Got it. Yeah. This whole situation has been quite unbelievable. I've only been here for 10 years of my life and not not very long, but it's a very unprecedented situation. Mhm. I
read that there are 30 million unemployment filings already after this. All right.
Do you feel that the reopening is going to make it better or do you think it's just gonna get worse?
Healthcare perspective. Yeah.
I
know what
you mean.
No,
please.
nature.
supporters,
Thank you.
Mhm.
This is the right
one.
Yeah. And uh probably already know that clinical trials that need to take place when the drug is finally, you know, ready will take a significant amount of time just because they need to assess, you know, risk, risk factors and side effects and you know, how tolerable this, this is from the human perspective, before they inject the whole world with it.
Mhm. Yes, I agree with you. I I think that the governments have made uh this uh you know that they're facing this uh balance between the well being of the people and the well being of the economy and the two things are not completely to separate it. As, you know, people rely on the financial means to for their well being. So they have kind of imposed a quarantine for this past couple of months, but it's probably not gonna be enough to really keep the virus from having another wave and getting a little bit higher cases in uh, in my country of origin in Italy as you probably have read, the situation is much, much more severe. The virus has been proved to be a lot more lethal
and that's that's because of many reasons, not only the fact that our population is significantly older but also the, the fact that we live in much closer proximity to each other in Oklahoma.
I feel that. Yes,
Number
of games,
Yes, sharing the public transportation and close living quarters and small spaces overall in the city. So there's lots of gatherings probably made that worse and like you said, sports had to be shut down because of the, you know, inherent close proximity that you have when you're in a stadium. Although I I don't understand why they wouldn't allow just broadcasting to still take place before stadiums.
Thanks.
Mhm.
Stop. Uh huh.
Great.
Better
than
that.
you were in the progress of doing, you're working on a degree at this point?
Yeah.
I don't know. Yeah.
Right,
What's
that?
I don't think
anybody
could
have
the
past
heart.
Think
about
that.
Yeah.
Mhm.
it's been a very very new experience for everybody.
My kids are three and 2 so
at this point there is not a terrible amount of teaching, let's take place. But with the fact of being essential and my wife's was essential. The kids have been going to daycare. So for better or for worse our life hasn't really changed in the past couple of months because
Thank you.
at the same time you know we all feel a little bit more exposed because we don't have to the opportunity to shelter at home but we are thankful for you know the fact that we still have an income to afford a daycare and our living expenses.
This is true and I hope it doesn't get much worse than this. Although you know, has that shutdown continues to take place. I think it's bound to get a bit worse before it gets any better.
Just
Yeah.
Yeah. All right.
Problem.
The
problem
is,
That's
Yeah.
I was I was looking at the markets and a lot of people believe that they're a little bit overinflated and you know, nothing like pandemic on top of a financial crisis. Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank
you.
Yes. I wish the same for you and
I wish
you good luck for your job hunting and
and a good time in Ohio. How? Ohio will shoot you better than Oklahoma
has.
Yeah.
Thank
you.
I've never been to but I was wondering if there is a lot of differences in Oklahoma and Ohio.
Right.
right. All right. Yeah.
Did you get
I understand.
Looking at the time where we did about 29 minutes so I think we did pretty good again. I I wanted to uh wish you the best of luck
for your future.
Thank
you. Well we we we hope will all come out of this uh better than before.
Then take care.
Okay. That's right.