but I think
how are you?
Good. Do you see me? Okay.
Um Are we allowed to share names?
I'm
in the middle and last. Yeah
April one. Love that move. I'm grace.
nice to meet you,
Um I'm in Maryland.
My room Who is from new york? She's from Long Island
wow. New york is so big.
sense. Makes sense.
Yeah.
All right.
Um Yeah I was born um in Illinois but I I moved here when I was one so it's like basically
Yeah I mean do you do you have kids
not
going
I do not I am 20 so
Um But I I go to college right now. I'm my junior year
business administration with a concentration in marketing and a minor in economics. That's like the long title. I just say marketing.
No.
Where did you go to school?
Very cool
That's why I'm
actually worried about my own cat. Um He's great, but he has really been wanting to go outside and training here.
Yeah, so I let him out earlier and I just was like, hey, make it our own choice, but it's great. And he stayed out for a pretty long time and when he came back and I just closed the door of kids, I don't know, I'm trying to be um um I just moved into a townhouse with my roommates for the school year because schools online, but you know, for our sanity, we need to be away from home maybe. So I brought my cat mojo
and he's an outdoor cat, but I'm really worried because we're so I'll just play, we're in Baltimore, Baltimore area.
Yeah. And then there's a lot of started cats. I'm letting him go outside
because he's really happy but I don't like letting him out when I'm not watching him. So
um we moved in in end of august.
Yeah it took him a long time longer than the internet said it would. But yeah.
Yeah I think he's doing well. I figured because you know, I wanted to get him away from our other cat, Gary who is a little bit mean to him and and you like I feel like we're the closest of everyone in the family. Me and my drill. I he's doing well. He's he likes it here. I think they just
witnessed
months.
well
that's
actually
more funny. My mom always doing the math of how long can my cat loom?
Yeah that's that's good. That gives me hope. My cats. eight.
No.
well that's a
whole
what's that?
Thank you. I hope so too.
On wall. I just do you have any recommendations for food for
cattle?
No,
I think
that's about what my cat eats.
customers
here. My God. Gary is, he's really picky and he loves human food and like beg for it and then mojo, I try to give them like a little treat. Everyone smile. My other cat loves shredded cheese, like puts on the ground and he'll just sniff it and not eat it. Yeah. And like any sort of turkey or anything, he just has no interest in hell. Maybe like look at then I'll just walk away.
When I was younger, when I first got mojo um He really liked smart food popcorn.
I thought that was so weird to call me off guard because you didn't like anything else. And then um but I was eating it and then he was sniffing around and I just put some right next to me and he like ate it up
you.
that's really cute.
Um I'm in my third year,
one year left.
Uh It's getting harder, it's okay, I really like it here. Um
I've really got set up with my roommates.
anne Marie is, I lived with her last year but we met freshman year um at church and we just became really close me,
her and my roommate at the time Clara who I went to high school with and
yeah I just I just kind of is the thing we live together,
there's
no question about that. Um And then we met and then our other roommate Sam and grew up with basically they're from the same area and Sam is a year younger than us and we all headed off, We really like her, so.
Yeah, that's
true.
Yeah. And then Jenna, we met at a swim party, swim club party and even though none of us are on swim vagina is we hit it off. So and that we got
like,
yeah, I've never had like a bad roommate experience.
Yeah, I was very lucky going into freshman year that my best friend from high school was also going to towson, so that was a no brainer. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
How
did you get into taking like online surveys?
Mr
Yeah, it never hurts.
yeah, when I'm at school, I'm not working and I don't really have any time to work and I'm trying to pay rent, not ask my mom for help that I have had to ask her robe. But I'm trying to find a way that I can make money without, you know, just like very flexible, a little money on the side maybe cover groceries. Um So I was doing like swag books.
Yeah, I didn't like it that much because it was just like I don't know, I have to try it out again, but I felt like it was really hard to earn money. And then every I would start doing a survey and get really far and then they'd be like, sorry.
Yeah. It's like they should let you know beforehand. What?
What?
I know
you would think that they kind of filtered it a little bit.
So I was like I had spent like a long time on that and made maybe a dollar. Um And with my um economics minor I got into research so I was working with my econ professor on doing like an independent research project. And because my concentration is marketing, he got me in contact with the marketing professor here. So I've been working with her on a project and so we have to make a survey for one of our things were surveying healthcare workers. And I mentioned to her that I take surveys five bucks. And she was like Oh I've
never heard of that, I don't know anything about it. And she said but me and all my colleagues we use prolific academic, have you heard of that? But they paid really well. Um And it's like legit.
Yeah. I really wish there were more surveys because I feel like Anytime one comes up I like click on it really quickly.
Yeah it's so true.
Well
yeah and then
they're
like
Yeah this one's like $15 let's I think.
I was like I probably wasn't gonna be doing anything right now, I should be studying, but this works.
Yes, it's very easy, I
love meeting new people so it's like might as well.
Yes, I agree, I was really worried about who. Um
Yeah I worked out
two
were,
you
know?
Yeah, true. Very girl. Um what else?
Hobbies? Um I like reading.
what's that?
Fiction? Me too. Yeah, I also I try to switch it out like every other book is something educational, kind of more like not like educational blake Malcolm. Gladwell Time like thinking books
but I really love like mystery thrillers.
I still have not read a Stephen King book. Mm
I have one and it's it's huge and so I keep my roommates really into Stephen King and so I'm like I'm gonna I'm gonna do it.
But
I want to read Pet Cemetery. I heard that's his darkest book.
I'm like scared, but I I don't know, I feel like one of his well known ones morita.
No.
Hey
good.
There
are a lot of movies. I'm like no, I can't watch that yet because I haven't read the book. So yeah. But Yeah, I want to read that one also. I don't know, look, I have actually a funny story about head cemeteries was really random. Um But I I mentioned um I'm involved with my campus ministry um and we do a lot of service work and one of them was with the humane society I think. And so I was like all excited. I was like we're gonna get to see the animals, they were the cat stuff like that. And then we showed up and they were like, it was really cold. It was like when we have winter and basically that we need someone to do yard work for us, we're like okay. And they said like in the cemetery and so for three hours all of us that were there had to rake the pet cemetery. It was so
awful
Drilling in less than
one.
Yeah. Somebody like mentioned that as
a joke on the way there that that might be the case were like no
real and it was so cold and so sad like oh it was really dark
but
that
secretary remind me of that.
you go.
Um a little bit. It's been really nice the past like two or three days. It's been like 70's and
it's not. Yeah and
yeah, for us to yeah. Um I don't know, it's been really nice except I have had just a lot of homework and projects and stuff I need to study for, so it's a little bit tempting, like the nicer it is, the more I'm like let's go out interesting but I'm trying to just
yes, I might want to nap but try not to because everyone has done nothing. Yeah.
Uh So what are your hobbies?
Well.
that's really cool. I'm really trying to get into gardening, I really like it, I'm really bad at keeping a plant alive. Um But me and my roommate because we now have a backyard which is new and
it was in a really bad condition when we got here.
So we kind of, we did everything put down new soil and then we were looking for what to plant there because they were just like because we had to uproot a bunch of bushes that were like rat infested.
There was like oh it's another snow empty space. Not cute. Um We got a fig leaf tree. Yeah we thought that was pretty and then we tried getting some mums in some panties. But what we didn't consider is how many bunnies are in our yard? So they're all like eaten this country is still there. So that's
what
Yes. But we're trying to gradually add more and more plants to our place because we love looking. 3rd is fun and
we
all
have one thing in here. I'll show it to you. Sure I over watered it
Maria
tre oh the print. Yes
you do
your
thing like mine.
how do you know? I don't know. Should I take off the dying part?
Can you try
to
look
at
the root?
no.
May have already done it. Mhm. Right. No
it's I think it's good. I took this off.
We're right.
Oh that's probably better. I don't know. Okay. This part came out. I'm not
Well
propagated,
Okay. I'll
just bring in my water for now.
Is it on?
I'm not going to mess with the other ones now.
Yeah. And then
we
can
have
another problem.
You
know?
Okay. Yes. And then we get nothing.
What?
Boom.
Yeah. This has been fun. Thank you for giving me a plant advice.
I can't
do that. Okay cut all right. How much time do we have
the class yourself? Okay.
Works for me.
I just have
it right
on
the starter. We can't use that. I'm curious
as to what
our
clients. Okay.
That's weird. Yeah. I wouldn't have to get something rejected but that's a fear
more.
I played one where it was like, you might have gotten this one to where they would show the word of a color, but it would be a different color
brain
exercise. And I did that for like the whole time and then it was like you were paired with a partner and if you both did the whole thing got to a certain amount of points, then you read an extra however much money and I did it and I was all excited that I got through it and my partner didn't do it. They stopped after like the first or second round.
No.
Well,
it's true. I always wonder when it's something like that. I mean I'm sure that one was real but certain games that they have you play where it's like somebody else's randomly there and they chose this or something. I always wonder if somebody is actually there
one.
more. Um I really don't know I guess just like how strangers meet.
Rebellion I'm a quarter italian so that's probably why we bond.
Um Yeah I don't know. They asked questions that were like what were they about? Like your how you felt Iceland
more.
Yeah so I'm sure it's like all right.
Do you
think
how will
get
idea?
Probably. Yeah
very true.
Um I am it's um we haven't had thanksgiving yet. My roommates already been playing police compliant. No not police completely.
We could be um the the spanish merry christmas
we've learned that. Yes.
Yeah I agree I agree. I am a little stressed with like winter break. I'm gonna have to work again. Mm I don't know about my job right now, but yeah, it's fine.
Yeah. I work at a retirement home. I'm just like as a server
um of Maryland. I think my county is the highest. Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's okay. And it sounds like I've been in contact with my boss. It sounds like we haven't had it in a while because we didn't have a little outbreak in the beginning. But
yeah, it's just a lot more work now because we have to like change
everything
that we're
usually doing. Um Yeah, but
raise, so that's good.
Yeah, Thank you.
I think we should too.
There.
All right, Okay. Yeah.
Do we just x out of the page to leave?
It's so nice to meet you. This
is,
Thank you staying with you. Good.
Have fun with your daughters and your cat.
we too,