sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Uh huh. I. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Everyone. Yeah. I. Uh huh. Yeah, french
hi.
Good, how are you?
Yeah, I can see you.
Mhm. You know I didn't get any information other than this is a 25 minute discussion about anything we wanted. So I'm comfortable telling you my name at
least my first name. So.
I'm april
Oh hi. Nice evening to grace.
Um What area do I mean don't tell me specific but like where generally do you live?
Oh okay. I'm in upstate new york. Yeah.
Oh okay. Well I'm about six hours from Long Island.
It is it's pretty big. New um Long Island is upset or downstate, I'm upstate. So. Yeah
and I have actually driven through Maryland several times. My husband's family lives down in south Carolina, yep. So
yeah
that's been through but never actually stopped. Have you always lived in Maryland?
Pretty much. Yeah, I've always born and raised in new york, so yeah, yeah, yeah, so I have no idea about this this situation here, so
I do I have
two
daughters. Um my oldest is 26 And my youngest just turned 21 in July in you. Do you have any Children?
Here is so young. Yeah.
What are you studying?
I have I have my associates and business administration, so
I were on the same playing field, so mhm.
Um I just went to a community college here, Finger Lakes community college, so yeah, local, yep.
Now I have to warn you, I have a cat that is 20 years old. Yes and he is it's possible he could wake up while we're doing this and you'll hear them before you see him because he's very vocal to me. I was the last time I apologize in advance if you hear me out, I
probably
Oh here too.
so
Oh it's pretty busy there.
What?
Yeah. You don't want him to run away. How long have you actually been there?
Oh, so he's he's adjusted then.
you have to be really careful, especially with outdoor cats because once I get out sometimes I try to find their way back to their home, so Yeah.
that
was
when my daughter went off to college, my youngest, that was my cats hardest thing because he's been with her all her life. So you know, we got him when she was two, so when she went to get away to college, he would like go sleep on her bed and he was so sad. So like every time she'd come home and got so excited Like I'm gonna be devastated because you know he's 20, he's not going to live forever. I would
like him to but I'm thinking it's probably not gonna happen. So. But yeah
I love
my cat up
You know he's 20 but he has no health issues. You would not know he's 20 other than he sleeps a lot more than he used to. Yeah, but he's good.
Yeah. Well he was our first adopted camp and he's the only one that survived this long. So I don't know it's kind of hit or miss. I mean I had a couple, I had one that got hit by a car, unfortunately one I have no idea what it passed away from. And then um the other one got a tumor on his head and I had to put
it down and that was the only time I've ever had to do that. And it was like the worst. But
I hope you have longevity
with your cab.
I hope you have longevity with your cat.
They're they're
Well
you know, for the longest time he ate only Now mix, which is not top of the line camp food
at
all.
Yeah. And now he eats times because he's older. So I wanted to give him a little bit better food. But he's very, very picky and yeah, like I've tried every, you know, he's he has all his teeth but because he's older, I feel like I wanna try to get him to eat more because he doesn't eat the quantity used to. So I buy him a lot of little canned food unless it's chicken or tuna, he won't touch it. And basically I've just come to the conclusion, I cooked chicken pretty much two or three times a week. And I just cut up the fresh chicken and I feed him there because he likes it. And also he's
very spoiled.
That's it. My my daughter's cats don't eat any people who they have no interest but like cheese, you said the key. If I got out of cheese doodles right now, we're a piece of cheese, my cat would be like in it to win it because cheese is like his favorite.
Oh, my cat loves popcorn too. Uh
it is hilarious.
I found out my cat like cheese so much because I left a bag of cheetos on the couch. I got up to go in the other room, I can't back. And he had his whole hand in the bag, he was like getting one out for himself. I'm like what are you doing? So, yeah, so now I know he loves him, so I give him one or two while we're eating. But yeah.
So how how far are you into your college career? You said
third year,
Thanks.
Come in.
That's really good. That's really good. Did you know any of them before you moved in together, or? Mhm.
Please.
what?
That's cool.
That's
awesome. That's
so
good.
Absolutely
really good. You're very lucky about that.
Yeah. My daughter had a really bad, bad, bad experience, so I'm very glad you did not. Yeah.
That's super cool. It is nice when you have friends, you can do that kind of stuff with, oh,
look with that,
you're
welcome.
Well,
with the whole Covid thing, I haven't been working and I can't sit and just do nothing and I'm like, okay, I don't really want to be out spending money or doing anything. So I used to do surveys in the past and I just was like, you know what? It's a little bit of extra package change for christmas time. So sure went up.
Yeah. So that's how I started. How about you? What?
Yeah, I do that one too.
You're just qualified all this, my biggest pet peeve. You. You spend so much time and you get nothing back. It's like, oh, that's terrible.
to mention you do all the, the
screeners, you know, through the panel. They have all your classification. So it's like, how do you match us and then tell us we're
not a match, but
right. You would think,
Well,
Yeah, it's by far my favorite so far. I mean, I've just started with them maybe the past month. I like them the most out of anybody I've worked with.
And you have to be fast because some are like like instantly like done so yeah
but it's nice because you always almost always qualify and they're usually
relatively short.
I mean
this
is the most different one that I've done with them but
I'm like for 25 minutes where where he's on for them.
Well just think you're halfway through it so you you've learned half of it already. So
I was a little,
yeah this has done very easy.
I didn't know what to expect because I realized prolific pays through the unite U. K. So I'm like am I going to get an american person that someone that doesn't necessarily speak good english and I didn't know what to anticipate. So
he did. I'm very
glad about that. And we have cats and you
know, we
have
some things in common. So that's super cool.
What what kind of hobbies do you have? What do you do for fun?
Me too. Fiction.
Fiction.
Captain.
Me Too. Like Dean Koontz, Stephen King. You know, I love stuff like that. So.
really?
He
sat from, he's he has some really awesome books. I have to say there's been a couple not so great, but for the most part they're usually win, but they usually are very long, but their grades. So
that is an interesting book. It is especially because you like animals, so it's going to kind of put you in a feel in a different way. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you seen the movie?
Oh good. Don't watch the movie if you intend to read it because it's always better to read the book before you see him.
In
my opinion anyway.
Sorry.
that's
yeah that's uh
that's all
I heard
what
then it was real.
Yeah Just hit that's all
so
that's
yeah that that's a little well different. It's
raining there. Is it cold
here
which is way above average for us anyways.
well that's okay. It's rainy today so you'll know you'll probably be inside a little bit of time to do some studying.
Well
well I also read um gardening is a huge thing of mine. I'm a huge Gardner inside and out and because we are somewhere that has such terrible cold snowy winters I actually have turned a room in my house into
a plant room and for the first year I bought a grow light and a bunch of things so that I could bring all my well the majority of my plants from outside inside. So I'm really hoping that that will help me beat like the winter blast because I'm not a fan of cold yucky brother. So yeah, so gardening is like my biggest huge thing, you know since my kids are grown up and moved away, I don't have a lot of things to so my time other than my cat just you know, silly things so
I'm
group.
Ooh.
Well
that's okay. I'm sure it will soon be covered with snow and you can think about it come springtime. Mm
They
are
from their great
oh you have a mari entre that's the per
plant.
Yes, differently, I have one of those.
I
do.
It actually looks a lot like yours. I rescued it from Lowe's. Yeah
I always take off the yellowing leaves because then all the energy goes to the good green, healthy part of the plan. Try
to
turn
it
down,
yeah try to trim it down as close to the plant as you can get it. Don't
bring any of the good stuff off though.
mhm
unfortunately I can't see you have it right where my
my um square is where I am so I can't see on that side
wait hold that back up. All right hold it up just a little bit higher. You know what if he okay if you get a little clear glass or plastic cup or something and put a little bit of water in there
and stick,
yep you can propagate it and it'll grow roots and you can re planted in the ground.
So
well there you go.
So.
Okay. Well yeah, like the other ones sit in water and it will reroute itself and then you can put it back in the dirt.
I
would
take
you
for a walk into my classroom, but unfortunately I'm using my laptop that has no battery, so it has to be plugged in and if I move it or unplug it, I'll lose
my
power and we'll just just connect. So
and then we would get nothing
and we're the finish line. But I have to say it really, it's gone super fast and
spend people.
I think the top, but you can fix that and it'll be all better. It'll be good. How many days they like humidity, so if your bathroom probably doesn't have a light, but maybe you can take it in there once in a while and you guys take a shower and just leave it unlike the sink or something. And just the humidity in the air will be good for. So just
have
Yeah, I think about six minutes or so.
I'm thinking about, well stand right to 11 30 actually. We should probably do 11 31 because they said you should add like a minute or two because for their window or whatever. Yeah.
I would hate to go all this time and then like,
you're
like,
so yeah.
one
The
other
it was a sort of a game, a two player game through prolific and I just got a response to reject. I've never had anything rejected and they rejected it and I'm like, I spent a half hour playing this game with someone else and they rejected it. I'm like I responded, I was like why did you reject this? I spent, they told me I didn't spend enough time answering the questions and I'm like, I take a lot of surveys I read very fast and if I didn't take the time, why do you show I spent a half hour? I said I don't think that's very fair to reject this at this point. I'm waiting to hear back what happened because that's never happened before.
Yeah. Especially when you put that much time in, if it was like a couple minutes, I wouldn't
care about half hours. You know, my time is worth something. Yeah.
Oh gosh, yes, I did think I wasn't. That
one was.
that was a long one. I do, I do kind
of remember that was a little longer but still that's awful because if you agree to do something you should really fulfill your application. I think that's part
of what they're testing with these surveys though, you know?
Right? Is it really a person or the computer? That's why I was like with this, I was like I really had no idea and I don't know Like I know we have to do like 20 minutes survey after this so I'm guessing they're gonna ask us
questions but I still don't know what they're hoping to get from the so right
inhale how comfortable or uncomfortable it may have been. I feel lucky. I feel blessed. We we I you're so sweet and it was so easy to talk with you. So I feel very lucky and I'm italian so I my hand talker.
Yeah. Good. Just another similarity. So that's really, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah. If you
were happy and how your energy level was,
well, I'm not sure, but I guess we're going to find out
two.
I said,
well
we will
find
yep.
Sorry, looking forward to the winter holiday. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah. It could be
feliz Navidad. Yeah.
Okay. Yes, I got my car the other day and there was christmas music playing and I'm thinking we need to give the turkey his, do I love celebrating christmas too, but I believe that we need to be thankful and I think that's a very, very important holiday in my opinion. So,
do you have one, do you have one to return to?
now I see why you might be able to hesitant. That's got to be a little scary with the whole house, covid in your area.
well I, oh, I hope they get it under control before you have to go back to work.
What
say
that time
is,
But
well I'll pray for you that you stay safe and that your area stays safe, especially the nursing homes. Those are like huge areas to, that's scary. So
you're welcome. I think we should be okay. Let me see. I'm just going to switch to the other page real quick. It says we have been on there for 36 minutes, which I did log in a couple minutes early so I think we should be okay.
Um, so I guess we just go back to the other page and hit the arrow at the bottom and we probably just answer questions to finish the
surgery.
So,
um, I would think the, yes, the one we're talking on, we will just exit out of and then we'll go back to the other page and finish out the questions version of it. I think it was a pleasure to meet you.
You
get love with your studies and stay safe and healthy.
Think
and thank you both row and good luck and hopefully we both finished and everything worked the way it was supposed to, it was a pleasure to take care of yourself.
Okay, bye bye.