Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm mhm Yeah, that's church. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Room
I'm good. How are you?
Hey
girl
I have.
You're in Canada Yeah,
I'm
And
no, I'm in the United States and you're in the United States also. Yeah,
I'm
in Ohio
how are you? What's in it? So many people worry
club
I am
also
you tell them. Yeah
Oh it's just way too cold
and
then
you know?
then
again
was
a good rain and the wind, it was very windy saturday.
I haven't been out at all yet, so I'm gonna go out a little later and yeah, go for a run and we'll see how how it is.
Well
I mean
what
happened,
there's been a really weird weather year I say different than
some other years
we went out and playing at some of the garden, you know like what the things that didn't really matter about the frost. And then when I looked at the forecast, I don't know, a little while ago, I'm like, oh, it looks pretty good. I'm just gonna go ahead and plant some more things and so cover some stuff up because you know, I don't want to freeze the last few days.
Oh gosh, I don't know, several months. How about you?
Yeah, I like it.
I think so too. Yeah. This is new. This is new for me, the video. I haven't done anything like this before, but
So
So you're a Seattle Seahawks fan.
that's pretty cool. Like I've never been there. So I think I remember.
huh.
Well,
Yeah, I have.
Yeah, we don't have,
I mean having hills is a little hilly but like there's not a whole lot around here, it's pretty flat the most.
I
grew up in Northwest Ohio, which is like just completely flat little.
Mhm.
Just
don't Mario. How
about you?
I was in Northwest Ohio and I came here to go to Ohio State, so.
in english
almost.
Yeah. But so then I just stayed around the central Ohio area and never we like it here. So that's nice.
Thank you.
What?
I have no idea. It's hard
because we don't, I don't really know, you know what if you believe everything that people tell you and then then just who knows.
No,
no, not yet. You know, working from home mostly and my mom is in a nursing home. So you know, she's been like quarantined in there. We can't get in and see her for the most part like other than that we're just, you know, we're just home all the time, which I like so.
that's good.
You know?
I
would
beat
them.
Yeah. I think, I think it'll be a little while and once they're over reopening things, but I mean we don't really know how that's going to go and
You
don't
right now I'll probably wait a while before I attempt any of that as well. So
That
No, it's not well, yeah. And with you, if you're taking care of your elderly parent, you know like we've got a
She's 83.
Yes.
Okay. You know, I would love to go visit her, but I just can't do it. So we do like
video chatting, we do that alone, but
really talk a whole lot right now. So I think that's it's kind of hitting her hard that she's a little depressed from it. Yeah. So we do what we can
what?
Well,
I think that,
I did occasionally work from home like if I needed to for some reason, but um they're already talking now that we may just continue working for a mom even after this is over. So I mean there's a problem, we won't have to go back into the office at all.
What
was
group?
Regular.
I think that
we
found where
positives
come out of it, you know like meetings are shorter but just as productive or more productive and they've got a really good things. I think everyone's getting their work done so that's negative at all yet. Okay.
Mhm. So do you have brothers and sisters?
Just
I have two brothers, what
One also lives in central? Ohio and one lives in Chicago.
What? I have?
One of each,
I'm in the middle. Yeah. Yeah, so
I've been we've talked to, we've talked to both of them, you know like in Chicago with the kids like are always video chatting and stuff and all day long sending me messages. So I probably,
she's doing her schoolwork so they're not doing on well this is their last week of school, so and we'll be done early because they tend to shorten things up and get them done,
I don't
know.
at
the
when he didn't have to work online then, so because you didn't have
So I can remember
the blizzard, but I don't think we did anything like that, the staggered. I don't think we did that, mm.
it is interesting. This is all new this year. This is like completely that nobody has probably experienced in our life.
Yeah, I don't think we have a lot less work to do for the most part. Um It seems a lot easier and they're just doing past fail. So if they just get all their work done, they get 4.0 Grade Point average do the work then, you know, then they're going to give them extra time to do it. But it's it's on the record, if they get everything done and they have a four point out. Yeah.
and
that
no
good
night.
Are you high?
Yeah, it's just completely different than anything you probably would have been even just a few months ago, you know?
And
No,
no.
It was
we
are uh
We were on our way to we were going to the Big 10 Basketball Championship. Um Our family was and we were on our way out there and we knew like they were starting to close some things but they hadn't cancelled it. So we were gonna go we got about we're almost all the way there and they set up, we're not gonna have any games tomorrow or bands or whatever and so well because they were playing at the first day they played and then the second day they didn't but we were going we didn't make it for the first day so we ended up like going all the way out there, it was in Indianapolis and then they let and so then we didn't get to stay
got a refund for it so
yeah yeah that it
was
them.
People
will be on cruise ships for a while probably either.
Yeah it's
not the best time to be traveling internationally for sure. Yes
my sister in
law, my brother in law went to Saudi Arabia and Egypt and um different yeah out that direction and they got back like a week or two right before this started so
they made it back in time like like if they would have been a couple weeks later they may not have been able to come back right away or I don't know. Mhm.
Well
and then
yeah it's crazy. I'd like to go on vacation even this summer if like we could drive somewhere you know and ran like a house or something that you're not maybe in a populated area. Right I really
decided
something
like
that
I haven't used that Airbnb. I've used like the V. R. B. O. These. Yes but
yeah we've done brb A for a handful of times um Usually when we got a line on to visit there and we've always had a good experience with it and and so no problem.
You know I'm trying to make sure I look at like the reviews of people that have stayed there you know because they always have reviews that you can read. So I try to look through those before. I don't I don't want to choose one. You know that people didn't have a good experience or if they had a problem but it was resolved easily then you know I wouldn't rule it out either but it was so far but we've only done it a handful of times. I
would
Carolina,
south Carolina.
we've gone there times and that's kind of like where we usually go but the place we go it's not
like
real populated so. Okay good. It would be more like a relaxing vacation you know.
I hope so.
We haven't made any plans yet so wait waiting. It would be good prices too you know because we were going
to go we're going to go to Myrtle beach for my son's baseball team. They had a tournament there but that was cancelled. So so there the lady that we were running from was kind of through a similar thing and she was like well they're just opening things back up, you should just cancel all right now.
we have
gone different
right? When the kids were younger we would go um like in april or May because it was a busy season, but since they've been older it's usually more like july ish. But it's and then
I'm
doing great.
probably
not
the fall then. Huh? Yeah,
This crazy weather Well mhm
Yeah.
Looking
for you,
Darren. I haven't
eaten before us. Uh
I saw time right.
One of them I think.
Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm.
Well I see like the original page it
says let's see, You should see a timer. It's how long the this, you know, window is open and it says 20
finance.
This is 26 minutes.
That's when I opened the original page right before I opened this one. So I would be pretty pretty close there. Mhm
Given other men.
Okay.
You know, listening.
Yeah. Or never.
I know we're in good stuff in Delaware brian.
Yeah, that's not hard at all. Huh?
It's really close. It isn't right.
It looks like it's gonna rain again outside now.
Yes. The direction I'm looking to, I don't know if it's supposed to or not, but it really looks like going to
Hey there.
Ohio
though.
Going to be ready
to change with it. All right.
So how do you move on from this? Just click the next year? I don't know.
Um it says 28 43 so
I would think.
Okay. That sounds good. Yeah. That's almost there that way we're for sure. That's the deadline. Huh. You
can get in here
traditionally
that
did
you know?
You know it does.
I like
the
question.
You know that they're pretty reasonable like lengthwise. You know when you're you can to deal with them. I like him a lot. Uh huh.
Think
pretty fast too. Like it's some of the same. It's like instant turnaround on this. Like when you get it. It's pretty good.
So anyway.
Well, we're off burning now.
huh.
All right.
Very
Anything. Yeah. Thank
you.
I don't know Exactly.
Took the browser.
Yeah, that's it.
I can figure out how to do it. Yeah. Never
made me think about where's my cumin? Oh.