Thank
you. Hi how are you?
Good. Where are your
your
in the United States correct or
Canada.
No
I just want I wasn't sure if you were
in Canada or if you were in the United States.
What state are you
in?
I'm in Ohio as well. Yeah.
It's
a yeah I'm in central Ohio um
near
columbus. Yeah.
This weather is crazy isn't it?
Yeah. Yeah. I was out yesterday walking and in the evening and we got hit
with
that thunderstorm and I was very glad I got back to my car just in time before the storm head. But it was it was beautiful when I was out walking but then it just got darker and darker from the west and
and then we got a big gust of wind and that was pretty scary because I was kind of walking through a forested area
bike
trail and I was kind of afraid of something crashing down on my head. But I
was
yeah, I was outside a day and it's chilly, Very chilly.
I was going to go grocery shopping here this afternoon so but I was out stepped outside briefly today and it was very windy and very cold I guess parts of Cleveland, they had snow up there on
friday or saturday
and new york state got like upper new york state near lake Ontario got like probably nine, of snow
up there,
which is just crazy.
Thanks.
Yeah, so I'm gonna turn my line on here. There we go. Yeah,
yeah. How long have you been a member of prolific.
yeah, I joined them in november, so like november, so
yeah, it's been a good site so far. Yeah.
well I do video chatting. So the last time I did this the person didn't show up, they didn't know how to turn their microphone. Well, they didn't know how to turn their video camera on, but they, uh,
so that when that, and it happened pan out. So I said, well, can you reschedule me? So he was supposed to reschedule me yesterday, but I never got the email. Um, but then today I got this email at the last minute that there was gonna be a talk today. So I was like, oh, I better, you know, show up because I was gonna get ready and go to the grocery store. And then I saw this email from prolific that you have a chat today. And I was like, well that came up pretty quickly because my chat was supposed to be scheduled yesterday. And so I said, well, I better do it. So yeah,
my brother lives in Seattle. So when I was, when I went out uh when I was out there visiting him I picked up a hat. But yeah, I'm a Seahawks fan. You can say so yeah,
it's a beautiful, it's a beautiful area. Um
You know it's it's very different than here. Um It's it's quite hilly, mountainous in areas. We were we went hiking around Mount Rainier and beautiful um forest land and things like that mountains. It's you know when you're not used to
like here it can be really, I don't know if you've ever been to the hocking hills
um but you know that you're at an altitude so you get tired pretty quickly um Just because you're at a higher altitude and then the trails um there's a lot of tree roots so you really can't put your foot down flat, so you're always kind of balancing so between going up hills, going down hills and then trying to balance because your foot cannot be, there's too many tree roots on the path, you're really tired. So
and so
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not as flat as some parts of Ohio or parts of indiana but it's
it's
that would be yeah, through there now Northeast Ohio can be kind of hilly as you get closer to pennsylvania. So Yeah.
Yeah. Ohio is kind of unusual state because we have a little bit of everything, you know in terms of silliness, flat ground and that sort of thing. So yeah. Have you lived in other States besides Ohio or
just
Meet
me to, yeah, I'm Ohio native. Yeah, I grew up in Central Ohio and and you know I still live in Central Ohio so Yeah.
Okay. I I made your from Ohio State as well. What was your degree
English? Okay. Mine was
business administration. So. Yeah.
So what do you think this COVID-19
stuff will be
over with?
I mean.
Yeah. Has anyone in your family experienced any layoffs
or furloughs?
Yeah. Yeah I don't mind it. I mean I'm a caretaker for my mom, elderly mom but so she lives here. We live out in the countryside near central Ohio. So we have a 66 acre farm and we rent the ground out to a farmer although it's been so rainy that he hasn't been able to put any crops and yet. But nobody in my family has experienced any furloughs or anything like that so
which is good. Um But yeah there's a lot of people that seem to be hurting or
at least that's what I've heard on tv as far as when things will get better. I don't know. I was kind of hoping to fly out to see my brother this year in Seattle but I'm kind of wary about being on a jet plane,
you
know,
being
crowd. So I think I'm going to you know forget about you know, taking any trips out there this year. I think things will not get back to normal until we have a vaccine to be honest. So.
Yeah. I'm kind of concerned about that. It's like, you know, they're giving all these guidelines for people to uh you know, keep their establishments safe. But how do you know when you walk in there is a customer that that's actually being followed? I mean,
you
know with with regards to restaurants, I mean I've been in restaurants before the coronavirus and I've seen some times where they don't clean the tables and things like this. So how do you know that they're going to, you know, keep things clean, so.
Yeah. That's the way I feel about it too. So. Yeah.
Yeah. It's just not worth it.
You gotta be extra careful. Yeah. How old is your mom?
My mom is 87 should be 88, so. Yeah.
Yeah.
Do they?
That's good.
Yeah. I'm glad
to see that the companies are, you know, nursing homes and stuff are allowing video chatting. Um, you know, I think hospitals are kind of opening that up too from what I've heard. And I think that's good. I think if there's one positive thing that will probably come from this coronavirus is that we'll probably see more companies um, implementing work at home, you know, policies,
which I think is long overdue, in my opinion. Um,
Too many companies never allowed it, so,
Yeah. Well I can remember the days when
I was
working, you know, they talked about it and
but nobody ever really did anything. I mean a lot of companies just you know kind of frowned upon the policy. I think part of it is because of security of their computer systems and things like this. But
um I think that it was also kind of a management standpoint, they like to micromanage I mean you know and the idea of having somebody at home is something that they you know kind of don't like that too well, but I think this is changing things and
I you know
and
I think
it's.
yeah so
I have one brother, one brother who lives out in Seattle, so
he's a little bit older than me and you?
Two brothers?
Okay older or younger?
What
one of each? So you're in the
Yeah.
Yeah I see you have a daughter back behind you. She kind of looks over here periodically so.
Yeah. I don't know what they're gonna do for school next year. I think
I've
heard that they're going to stagger the work schedule, monday Wednesday friday, something like that. So that'll be interesting.
I
can remember. True. I can remember a staggered schedule many many years ago when during the blizzard of 77 78 we had a staggered work school schedule because there was also a um gas crisis going on, petroleum crisis going on. And our school we went to school like monday Wednesday friday. Which when you're a kid you're like hey this is great. So.
Yeah, exactly. It was outside, you know, so. Oh
so
I think our school because it was out in the countryside was maybe had some budget problems too and I think that's one of the reasons why they did it. So and they had some old school buildings and you know it was just going to be too hot, too hard to heat them and things like that. So. But yeah. So
Yeah. I think the only thing that I would say probably about working at home at least for the kids, it's harder for the kids to work at home doing their schoolwork. You know they're used to having their friends around and and having that daily interaction with their fellow students and I think it's harder to keep them motivated. Um So I think that's probably not one downside. So.
that's good. That's good.
I've
heard some college students are suing though, their universities
are saying that we're not
getting
a the quality education because we're having a work from home. So there I think they're either suing for a full refund or some sort of partial refund of their tuition which I can kind of see that because tuition at college level is way too high anymore I mean
compared to when I was in school so. Yeah.
Yeah I I never
I never first saw this happening this year you know
it
just seemed like everything was kind of smooth sailing and I was like then all of a sudden this hit and I'm like wow you know it's just it's kind of
integrate some historical times
that's
so yeah.
Did you get some partial refunds on your travel? Okay
that's good. Yeah,
I
am us.
Yeah. I have a friend who she likes to travel a lot and she was saying that somebody she knew took a cruise and they had a great time and this was when things were starting to close and I don't know if this is one of those kurdish ships that they stopped keeping from entering into the country or or what happened, I never heard any more about it, but I'm thinking you know that would be sketchy, very dicey about traveling you know during
that and
and I know that there's good sales you know about cruises. I mean are you know even traveling right now you can get some very bargain basement uh fares for traveling like even they were seized. But the thing is a lot of countries You have to quarantine for like two weeks, may four, you're even allowed you know out to venture around. So I mean if you're going to travel you're going to have to add at least two weeks to your schedule in another two weeks when you come back you have to quarantine another two weeks so
now.
right.
So.
Well
Yeah, I have an international friend from Germany who traveled to florida
right before the coronavirus and you know they were starting to talk about cases but it wasn't like everything was shutting down and um but they got back home in time but well you
know it's just just been a few weeks more. They would have been stuck here and probably so. Yeah.
depends.
Have you used what would you get the house through Airbnb or how
would
you,
have you used Airbnb before?
I've never used either but I've just wondered how people's experiences are with those if they've had good luck or not.
Because I've, yeah, because I've heard some things about Airbnb as far as that being kind of hit or miss. You know, you can get some good experiences, but then you can get some bad experiences with the european bee, so.
Where
would you like to, where would you like to travel to this summer out
of state or
south Carolina? Okay. Okay.
Thank
you.
Is it near the beach near the, Okay, a lot of people go down there so Yeah, it sounds like a good time. Yeah, well hopefully you'll get that chance to do that so yeah,
we'll see what happens, so.
true.
What time do you, what what time of the year do you typically go down there, August september or
kind
of july?
Yeah that's probably a good time because I was reading something about I guess we're supposed to have a very active hurricane season this
year so
you don't want to be down there like you say you know you
might
be.
that's what I was reading it's supposed to be more above normal in terms of storms so you know.
yeah so
let's see I don't know if this timer thing is supposed to give us some sort of buzzer when it's over
with
or
or not.
Yeah I'm going to look here at some of these tabs and see if I can see because they're supposed to be some sort of mm
saying here.
Yeah one of those pages and see. Mhm. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah I don't see it on my end for some reason.
Thanks.
it's near
20 minutes.
26 minutes.
Yeah I think we're I think we're starting around 216 so were to 17 somewhere in there so
few more minutes more. Yeah
so well it's nice to meet uh and it was nice to meet you so
you know
I didn't expect that I would get matched with somebody from column bets or in Ohio.
yeah you're you're up around Delaware. Okay I'm I'm pretty close to western ville. I'm over by galina Sunbury area.
that's
so yeah.
Yeah I'm working out the window. It does look kind of funny into the west anyways. Yeah.
Yeah it could I think it might rain tomorrow a little bit too and then it's supposed to be nicer and then by the end of the week it's supposed to be up around 79°.. So you know, winter quotes one day and wearing
shorts the next.
So
Oh yeah, just stick around Ohio long enough and the weather is bound to change. Yeah.
No.
So
I, let's see whatever screen I'm on. It's just kind of asking me, um, they're just asking me if I had any issues with the chat and I don't know why it brought me over there. I don't even see the timer on my end. But since what's your timer showing right now?
Let's,
Let's, let's shoot until 30 and then we'll cut it off right at 30. So
What,
so
you know,
prolific has been kept
me
pretty busy, you know?
it's been a pretty good sight. Um,
I
do some
other survey sites too, but this one's been the busiest one I think. So.
Yeah, I do too. Yeah. I've taken several payouts from them through Paypal, but I always I just wait a while and I keep checking the dollar to pound conversion rates because if the pound is strong, then it's a good time to, you know, convert
from dollars to pounds. You get more money that way. So Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've used Paypal for a long, long time. You know, it's been a good way to accept payments and things, so Yeah,
but, so
breath We're in a 30. Okay.
All right,
well take care and
hope your family continues to stay safe and all that, so
Okay.
Bye bye. How do I hang out?
Yeah, I'm just gonna shut my
camera and microphone off
now, so. Yeah.
Okay.