Hey,
how are you?
I
have not.
Have you done this one yet?
Hello?
when I saw the study, I was a little bit confused on how it works because like yeah,
but
uh
um probably about like two months now, so
what about you?
What about you?
Yeah. Nice. I had hadn't really even heard of it up until about like not long ago, so, but
It's
actually putting decent as well like you could make a good bit on there too.
I've heard of a couple other ones, but they're not like there's a little bit more sketchy if I feel like I'm like, I don't know about the song.
behind.
Better
left.
Mhm. Picture back off of it. Yeah,
but
don't worry,
give
me
no.
That's crazy.
Yeah, it's not so bad. Yeah,
United States um North Carolina.
Nice. That's yeah,
I don't know. Yeah. Thanks though.
Oh, so I think it's like it's not really cold here today, unfortunately, it is raining a little bit, but yeah, it's been drizzling on and off all
day. How is it like there?
So
true,
It's
supposed
to be like, It's supposed to be almost winter, how is it still 80°??
Yeah, I'm very excited. Do
you
have any
big,
like
christmas?
Yeah,
definitely real.
mm Apparently it's not real, yeah, mm
I'm sure that's fine, especially
now
I'm sure
that made
them real mad.
I remember seeing a thing where like someone like I had the same, probably they lived like a town where like people kept stealing their signs so they took like razor blades and line the bottom of their signs back
up,
I was like no that is that's that's a little bit too much but
I'm crazy.
Thank
you.
Oh, for sure. Yeah,
only another
one.
What's the page called?
Mhm. You hear me gadget?
Sorry,
your thing was lagging out there for a minute. Really? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Look. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. With yeah, yeah, Yeah.
Here you go. Uh
disconnected
their horse. Okay.
I
would like
to
say,
I think
I
like it.
Okay. So you live like nearly all your family, like all your family,
your
neighbors,
relax.
Mhm.
Do you think
it's better to live near family than strangers?
Yeah, I live in like a big city, so I don't know if you get quite, Yeah, so like at nighttime, like all you hear is like like the police cars and stuff just driving by and the trains
and it's very
loud. There's been a few times, like, I've been woken up in the middle of the night from like the train, like scratching the track so loud and
you could
hear so far away.
it's definitely worse when you're like used to living in the country and then you like go to the city and then you're like, how do people do this?
most
definitely. It's like a common noise where you hear sirens, you're like, what the hell is happening right now? People who can
sleep without a fan actually scared me scotty
and
well,
I think he's definitely going to try to fight it, but once he realizes he literally can't do anything about this because he just lost, like there was no like cheating to it. He's still gonna throw fits about it, but like he can't do anything about at that point.
And before that that he's still being trying
to charge for and they won't like I like they won't like take his DNA for it because he's the president, United States.
What does that matter? That should be more of like a cause to do it. I feel like,
okay, he does.
But it's also after he got impeached, like I feel like a lot of people forgot about that. But like whatever happened with that, they just like ignored it.
I don't,
no,
it doesn't go away. Like what?
And people want to be like, oh no, they're lying about it that many people are not lying about and you cannot tell me otherwise. Like it's.
But for the most part like,
He's just a shitty person.
He's not even a good businessman
like how is he going to get the president?
then.
Like because he hasn't paid taxes or like something else
and they're still letting this man be in office.
And they want to like be like, oh yeah, biden the pedophile, you want to talk about
what trump is doing?
no.
Even though they have proof on Trump but they won't accept that one
but
they want to cause I
don't
Like it's so ridiculous. But
I'm just like he actually won. So
basically people
have actually noticed like a lot of similarities and like um some of
the trump like Virgin stuff is like similar to like a lot of the nazi stuff from before.
It's
crazy.
Hey like sent out an email to like um like his supporters and it was like stand by like it's coming or something and I was like, are you like telling them to like start riots now after you were just complaining about
it? Because that's what it sounds like
good
soon.
Mm and they're stupid enough to do it is the funniest fire.
Bye.
I
think
the funny thing about the recount was when they recounted, he got less votes. Yeah.
It
it was a couple that they're like, oh yeah, recount. And then we found that they're like, oh yeah, by the way you lost even more so that worked out in your favorite. Yeah.
And then got mad when in the mail in ballots before him.
Exactly like you can't that you can't just stop counting those you're losing
like what? This is not how this works.
Georgia like straight through it out of the court, like as soon as they got like
the thing from there, like no, like we're not doing this.
Mm. Most of them have I think so far, but there's a few that are still like entertaining his
stupid bullshit
for
some reason.
Yeah, that's what they're saying when I'm going to be like official results for like a couple weeks
because
of that.
heard
at one point they were like taking out like the USPS like boxes and
like
they don't know where they went or something. How did that even happen?
Like
what are
they doing with that?
That's insane.
that,
that's not even illegal and it's like not even legal. Like how is this?
Crazy?
Another
thing I saw was that once he finally realizes he's not gonna do anything about it the time he has left, he's just gonna like cause chaos and leave it for biden to come in and fix it. And I was just like this is a grown ass man people are talking about but it's probably true with the worst part.
He literally said that the Secret Service is going to drag him out of Oklahoma to peel off like he was going to lock himself in there and just stay
there and I was like
honestly like nobody wants to touch you, calm down.
we're going to
He
shouldn't even be like allowed to pass anything else while he's even there
because
like
of course they are.
and
it's mainly republicans so anything he puts in it usually is getting past because it's six and four so
no matter what they
went,
especially
with
timing paris. No.
I feel like you guys, they do, he might come in and like reverse it and like bring it back just because like you can. So Uh
it really is. Give me one second. I need to email prolific because my um like survey page glitch doubt. Like, like when I go to like submit it next, so I have to just like,
the
page where it's like when you click like the next plan, like where the timer was it bleached out and it was not letting me go back to it now.
It's not working when I go back and click on it either. So like I need them from a new one I think. Yeah.
I'm gonna try that now.
Sorry,
one second.
Yeah, I was a little bit worried about that. Like, I don't know how like they don't give you like any like things like certain to talk about their just like okay, we'll have a chat. And I was like,
I almost missed it because
I am especially
with Covid, it
probably
makes it worse because
What?
I really hope things get better though, like just like in general now because you know, We're getting Trump out cool. That would be 30 to get better or worse. I don't know yet.
might
happen now, but I just don't know how likely it is because like
at
the same time
that's
I think
I've
heard about that. That people were really upset about that.
Yeah. College problems.
And
I know some of them like are like so there was this thing going or not going around but like apparently it was something that he put in place and like it was like a trap set so like if he doesn't get reelected it like makes it like really difficult for the other president to reverse it or something. I
don't remember exactly what it was though but I'm a little bit worried about that now because like obviously he didn't
get reelected
so.
No.
I
mean
which
should
be because
like
Good
morning.
What
is
it?
Huh?
That's
so ridiculous though
when
while
but it's literally for their own safety to do it.
like I don't get what the whole deal is why you
and
then
I don't like they don't work.
basically
assistance they don't care about anybody but themselves so
they just
don't really care usually.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't see it as much like in the city where I live it. But like when I go home and stuff, it's just, it's so bad.
They're
like, it's not cool because it's like a really like small like country towns, like you kind of expect it. But then when you see that they have like a banner in their yard, it's like bigger than billboard. It's like, are you okay because this is not like, yeah.
Wait,
remember? It's like only 800 people.
my God.
A dollar general.
Why
is that? You have a dollar down on every small town?
do. They'll put him in the weirdest places ever.
That's great.
That's
just like back in my hometown too.
Mhm. Yeah. Didn't Yeah. Well, it has been 25 minutes, so
according to my EIN.
Yeah. Let's give it a couple more just so it does qualify
for
the
25. We have like a minute after.
Yeah. When I saw that one, I was like, oh yeah, I'm definitely doing this one like Because it's not bad for like 25 minutes. Like you can't beat up
Obama.
good.
that
like
the second best one that you found?
Really? What they called again?
Okay, cool. I'm gonna see that. Thank you
for.
I believe it. Especially if it's not good.
Not bad.
That's
pretty
good.
Yeah. That sounds pretty good.
I think that. Thank you.
Uh Yeah, I do a lot on just like prolific, but
Uh not other than that one. No, I've only done that one so far because I've actually got pretty good money on it so far. Um probably about like $100 I would say so far in like two months. So not too bad. Yeah.
That's not bad at all.
Was actually
pretty good.
I've heard of that one as well but
chile's.
That's
Look
I'll definitely probably be on the lookout for some more but thank you for the one recommendation. I'm definitely gonna go check that out.
Yeah there's actually like a browser extension you can get that will tell you when like a survey pops up. So I have that that will tell me like when I get them so.
they're usually not that bad anyway so.
Yeah I had one
that wanted
me
to like lose a whole different like browser than I used. I couldn't do it. But it was so
I think so
you
as well.