mhm Yeah Yeah Right man mhm Okay, battery dead on this thing again. Yeah, but mhm mhm What can you? Yeah Yeah mhm Yeah Okay Yeah Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Oh april okay Oh Oh Mhm Mhm Uh huh Mhm Okay. Uh huh Yeah Oh Mhm Yeah Okay. Uh huh You should have yeah, 3:00 Right now, Children. Mhm Yeah mhm Yeah, 80° out today in the state of Kentucky. That's awesome man. Who? She was like the longest out there, I'll be out enjoying it. Uh huh Okay, 80°.. Well, officially
said, Hey, hello?
Good, you ever done this
before
man?
Not
this, No, I've done the zoom before zoom meeting. Yeah, but never on prolific no. Mhm
Well,
erin we got there, didn't we? I guess we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. Yeah.
How long have you been on prolific?
Just a couple minutes
time?
Oh, about six years. Yeah.
Well, I found it. I was been in the hospital and I was laid up and I was on my laptop and I said what can I do to make
a little bit of morning? You know
prolific is one of the best ones. Yeah. Or the bathroom.
Especially some of the surveys you'll get through it and then it'll kick you out, you know and you get frustrated and then you do another survey and you answer all the questions male female
age and all that stuff. You get halfway through it again
and
boom pops you out.
Yeah. And when you do it the more
you know
you get frustrated. But I've
got
four or five pretty good ones. So I'll do okay I get disability and I just work online make a little bit, I've
made I've made over 1000 over $1,000 in political. Yeah.
Pretty good.
you ground
north Carolina on Kentucky?
That's not too far away Kentucky. Uh huh.
What's the weather like there today?
what
thing 80 here right now sunshine all day
sunshine
and got a good breeze blowing and yeah 80 degrees. That's crazy
for
me.
uh christmas next month. Oh
I
love
it.
Warm
weather
but I worry about the global warming. Do you worry about global warming any a
little bit?
Yeah definitely. You can't believe what those people currently in the White house. Tell you
I'm surrounded by a bunch of trump supporters here.
it's just been,
you should see me putting on my biden signs out yard signs. I go back
the next
day,
I go back the next day and they'd be gone. Half of them. Yeah,
I saw
that.
they might get their hand cut real bad. I think it had had to have stitches.
Yeah it is. But I'm happy that Biden got in there. I don't know how you
feel
about it.
I've had I've had
on
facebook and it's called Patriots against trump. I started this facebook page when when trump came down that escalator and announced he was running for president. That's when I decided I was going to fight him Every step. And I've been fighting all this time now I've got almost 9000 followers. All right.
Patriots against trump,
But it's pretty cool.
I just
there you are. Yeah. Yeah.
I
had to quote
I had to close that page and and reopen on the on the survey page. Yeah. I want you there for a packet. My
energy
is
still
connected.
So I don't know what
happened.
Uh huh. I'm on my brother's while. five that I live on a live on a farm and my brothers down that way and systems down this way so
But you
know
me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can
see his marks at the wind that barely uh huh. And
my sister is over this
away.
Yeah. It's nice. I'm back in the back in the words kind of, you know, so it's pretty nice quiet.
no.
All
All
man
now it's day and my daughter lived in Dayton Ohio and I went up there to stay with her for a few days a couple of years ago and I couldn't sleep. It was just traffic and sirens and all night long.
exactly. Of course. I like my fan. I sleep with a fan on tonight, but that's different than sirens,
you know?
You're
Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah.
So what do you think you think trump's gonna
fight it in court for months and months and months or you think he'll just give it up after a while?
I figure he'll end up either in prison or in Russia before it's over with because I think you should be prosecuted, you know, for the crimes he's committed while he was in office.
Course.
that's
He thinks he's immune to prosecution
and uh you know in some ways he is because he's the president once he's out about that's another reason he's fighting so hard though I think because he wants to remain in power, you know?
It didn't go away did
it? It
don't go, hey,
that's right and they don't go away for those women either. You know? They've been living with that for years and years and you
They might be one or two trying to get attention or something, but
that's right. They wouldn't do that, you know, put themselves out there like that I don't think. And
plus you know he started that university and ripped off a bunch of people and you know, he had trump steaks that went bankrupt. He had all this other stuff. Oh
Kaylen,
he had trump tequila that went bankrupt. He had trump steaks. He had, I don't know what all, I don't live with your staff And
now they say he owes over $400 million dollars in there.
No to banks and things. Yeah. Different banks.
Yeah. These people that these trump supporters have got their head in the in the in the same, there's something I don't know what it is. I don't I don't understand it.
With
them, With no proof. With nothing, absolutely
nothing. You know.
They won't accept
the truth.
They
they threw their hands up and say fake news. Yeah.
It's
It reminds me of Hitler and the way he took control.
I've watched.
Why?
treat the media as your enemy. That's what
he does
and it's us against them. He's a divider. You know the great divider you know.
And
he sent out an email yesterday trying to get more money
so he can pay his sewing, pays lawyers still trying
to get money for his campaign from his people from his supporters. Yeah
it's stupid. I mean I don't
understand I don't understand a recount. You know if
it's
closed.
Yeah probably will be when it's said
and down. Yeah.
And another thing you know the republicans and trump was later he said wait and vote in person. He said don't trust mail in ballots,
And then then when they was laid on counting and everything they were counting were mail in ballots which were majority biden. That's the reason bite end up pulling ahead and winning. And everybody kept they kept saying, stop the count, wow, Stop ballot counting when it's 100% legal, you know?
No,
And every state agreed, you know, all the state uh secretaries of state and all that, they said we're not going to stop until we're finished
one
I think they will be thrown out. You know
where
there's
more
than there's one where that state let him count ballots after the election day. If they were if they were postmarked by that day and they came in four days later, they were allowed to count them.
well
they still
be allowed to count just because you know, he sabotaged the post office and
then from
they
weren't
rob
did
it
when we Betty that he got in charge of the postal service. Thanks story.
Well you know where they sort mail and all that. They talked about a bunch of those enclosed a bunch of the mail sorting facilities. No to try to slow it down so
that
it's not not really but
you know on the books you know be him being president, he has the authority to do this and this one is you know he's abusing the system. That's what it is you know at
least.
He's so childish it's horrible.
that
and I could drag him out.
Yeah. Yeah. In the they're going to try
to do away with you know Obamacare before he leaves office.
What's going on?
Well
we're gonna
go to the Supreme Court's gonna hear the cakes
I think it's coming up in december next month I believe and the way they packed
the Supreme Court with you know.
well
there's
more you know Obamacare
was
perfect
I say you know get rid of the bad and keep the good and expand on it, you know awful. I know when it came around and that's how I ended up getting on it on Medicaid because I was unable to work but I wasn't drawing disability. I was in the middle of a disability case and I was able to sign up and get medical care. It's a good thing because you know I've been I've been in and out of the hospital, I don't know how many times you know had open heart surgery and all kinds of stuff so but they're trying to go to trial, do away with it. That's crazy.
I think I think well no with the Supreme Court that's just like abortion, you know Trump and his supporters say OO Biden believes in late term abortions up to the 9th month. Let's keep it didn't it?
An accent mm
begins
oh you don't have it, you don't have that. You have to go to that email and click on that link again.
because you like to that page after we get done and click next at the bottom the little arrow you might have to copy and page that length
instead of instead of just clicking on it. That's what I had to do earlier. I copied and pasted and it came back up for me. I've been on that I got on three different times so it's there's not a limit on how many times you can get on it, you know? So it unless you
what
four? Yeah. Mhm. I'm glad I got somebody I used to want to anyway.
Junior's Yeah. Mhm.
I'm a homie, I don't, you know, socialized, I've got social anxiety, I don't like crowds and things like that, you know,
I'm just,
you
know.
Well mhm. But your book is okay, I hear you man makes it a lot nicer. Mhm. I
was worried there for a little bit, mm. Yeah. Yeah.
I just I wish we could take over the the Senate, you know? It's
closed,
it's
closed
now a bit mitch McConnell and everybody around
here voted for mitch McConnell again, you know? He's Kentucky you know that? Yeah, because
they don't
get
they're power hungry, you know, and he has all that power up there in Washington. But what has he done for Kentucky? You know? Nothing.
taking money from rich corporations? Well, that's about it. Uh huh About it. It's
crazy. It's gonna take a long time to fix all the problems trump caused, it'll take a while.
Well,
I'm
out of
with with republicans in
charge in Congress, you know, that's just like the governors, you know, we've got a Democratic governor, we've got a Democratic governor this time. And now all our state legislator are trying to limit his powers, you know, they're mad because you know, he uh
he wants a mask mandate, you know, if you're
out in
public
to wear a mask
and then
And I go down here or local grocery store
and
there'll be 20 people in there and out of 20,
maybe
three
might have a mask on. And Kentucky is a red
zone right now too. These people are they don't want wear a mask.
You know
they're
showing
support for trump by not wearing a mask
for the other piece is for the safety of the people. You know
they
made
it with
the risking their own lives you know lives of everybody else
over a student political thing. You know. It's crazy.
Thank
you.
A lot of these a big four wheel drive tracks with trump signs riding around
we're
entering.
You know this town
we live in is we have 800, population 800.
Yeah. We've got one gas station and one grocery store. Yeah
in a dollar store. We got a dollar store
now we're generally
an
they do, don't they? Yeah.
Every small town has a dollar general now. It's crazy. Yeah.
That's about it here in this little town. Yeah and they're
all clippers.
I will stay out here in the country away from all of it.
And a wall let's see here
is closed. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you want to give a couple extra minutes or not
just
to
make
We need 15 bucks, right?
what is it? Um Let me think. Um Focus
inside, go on, focus inside and go on there and see if you can get apply
for some good ones and
that
will create.
They're like this, you might do our thing on Video and a little bit of homework and pay like $150.
Focus insight.
Yeah. Check that out. It's
hard to get it but you can apply from, they'll email you and click the link and you apply for it. But there's a lot of people applying, it's hard to get them.
I've got a few of them, yep.
Some
of
them
you have to do like a 30 minutes online thing with a group One day and then a little bit of homework that night and then the next day maybe another 30 minute when. And they would pay $125 or something like that. They pay really good
focus inside. Yeah.
Do you ever doing surveys? You do surveys?
Well I mean other than prolific.
I've done pretty good. I click on my submissions here real quick. See what my total submissions are. 1017 missions. Well over 1000 submissions and I've made 1000 $67.82.
People
people
are Mhm. I'll do a swag bucks, a little bit of swag bucks
and the queue
Q. M. E. Or something is found. I do that when And there was a couple of other ones where I'm in a group in the last six months. You know Like the subway subway restaurants. I mean that one and when they come up with a new idea or a new bread or a new sandwich, you evaluate commercials and stuff like that. Commercial violation. Yeah. I do commercial evaluations. That's
Brittany. Yeah. They pay you pay you pretty good. There's a lot of things out there. It's just hard to find. You know.
That's the thing
Because prolific a lot of times you know you're sitting there and there's nothing open. You know you don't have anything.
And prolific. Yeah. Everyone in my C. Pop up. I take them all just about you know
sometimes you have to put browser extensions on
couple
of
names.
Yeah. All right. Well I think we got our time in, don't you?
Alright, good talking
to you
and we'll click on this next link and uh finish this thing up. Huh?