Hello. How's
it going?
Doing? Well I'm Evan nice to meet you. Where
you where are you calling in from?
Nice. Um in Los Angeles.
So
I've
done
yeah I've done it a few times as well so far it seems to be going well.
Yeah it's not bad. Uh So what do you like to do?
What video games do you play?
I don't play a lot of games. I recently
got like a VR headset and
so there's no if you've never used one of those but it's like kind of crazy about this like zombie game where systems
like yeah it's super scary, they're just like running at you but uh Mhm.
Yeah that's my my gaming experience right?
Yeah it's starting to get better. I was pretty surprised by how just how immersive it is. I mean it's still not maybe the highest resolution as it could be but still enough for you. Like forget that you're just in the room.
It's so like the gameplay itself is a little bit more simplistic but it's just the fact that it's uh I don't know. Yes. Being in VR it's just so much more scary. Like zombies, they literally run right up to you and like hitting you. It's like I've like, like I get legitimately scared where I wouldn't, you know, just playing on, you know, remove it. So um but I know it's just like so graphic intensive that it's hard to have a game like have so many elements but also be VR. But um
some of the newer games I think I've been doing a pretty good job of having a more elaborate story line and more things you can do. So again, still a lot of work to go. But I'd say at the moment it's still pretty fun. It's pretty fun and immersive.
Thank
you.
like sucks because it's like you have to like manually like load your gun every time so you're like, oh yeah they're coming at you so it's a little more involved. But I don't know, it's cool. I enjoy it. Yeah.
Kind of Yeah. I mean cases are getting worse and it's like not completely locked down but restricted and you have to wear a face mask when you go outside. And um and I mean most things are open like a lot of restaurants, they just uh have ever have seating outside. I don't know, I don't know where you are in texas. I don't know if it's like super hot or like warm there still or
Yeah. Um what else do you like to do for fun? Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I guess now is that
time
to read and not much for reader myself, but I guess it's simple your kids start to do.
It's better than my average, I can't remember the last time I read a book like to its entirety. Um Have even do you watch like netflix or who do a lot?
We're
moving?
Okay.
I haven't seen that.
Yeah and I got to check it out. Yeah created a netflix account of March, that's when things started shutting down. Here's uh something to do delivered
and
and really
boy himself in the room.
just don't go outside. Mhm. But yeah
hanging in there, are you able to, like you said you say you're a student now or you're
oh you're waiting to start. Okay,
for sure. Yeah especially especially now
are you are you able to uh huh like do that remotely like?
wow, let's get that. It's mostly online I guess. That's all the nice potentially going to see people in person, man. Um Yeah, I'm I'm a graduate student, but luckily for me just been working from home, so just like a lot of these meetings and I don't know, I'm fortunate that I get to, you know, continue working on stuff, but also it's like I'm literally, My room is I'm just literally in my room like 90% of the day. I
try to
ready go for a walk. But every now and then, but I don't know as your sleep schedule been like messed up because of everything because mine totally has.
Hello?
sir, not the top up. Yeah. And then just like becoming maternal. Um I don't think I say um sorry, but we've got one is going to say.
I guess I guess. Uh Yeah. What's your favorite RPG game at the moment?
I've never played it before.
Okay. You said it's called. Yes. So or
I'll check it out. My brother plays a lot of those kind of games, so maybe he knows more about it. But um
let's see.
None. No animals, no plants. I don't feel
I'm responsible enough to maintain another life. What about you?
All
What kind of cat do you have?
One of a friend of a friend found a Siamese kitten. I was looking for a harm. I was considering taking it, but I don't know how is it you know like cats are more chill than dogs, but how much work is it to take care of a cat?
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, it's easy enough. It's probably harder when they're at the kitten stage. Did you when you got your cat with a kitten or did you get it after the full grown?
Okay. I think I should start with a plant and then go on to animal. We'll see. Yeah.
Thank
you.
That's
true.
Uh
um
What is? Yeah. Okay.
Best trip you ever went on where they're in place you would want to visit if you could travel in non pandemic times.
Do you? I mean I guess texas can get really hot,
you know like the heat or
um I mean I hate when it's too hot but I'm also not a fan of cold so I prefer to hot too too cold but sometimes it gets too extreme. My dad actually lives in Austin. Um So I kind of get updates from him but yeah,
no northern, I'm originally from sacramento. It's not quite as north as the redwoods, but uh it's nice up there, it can get hot into the hundreds, but you know it can snow once in a while too a little
that sounds like a good place I've been to Seattle once. That was pretty cool, both literally and figuratively and yeah, I don't know, I've been supposed to, did you have any travel plans? I I like the one friend who was supposed to, it was like this shooting blinking on the country, but it's like this like kind of country in Africa where her friend worked in the red cross there and like kind of this like village there and they're kind of serving
the people, she was planning to do this like week long one or two week long trip and stay there like live in huts and everything and like she was so excited for you know to get this unique experience and then she like did all the word to get her passport and there was like other she had like physically mail stuff in so that she could like be approved to go and then it was like two weeks before her trip, they like just shut everything down. It was like back in March and I was like no traveling
like I was like that.
I was like well maybe it was a sign that you shouldn't have uh gone but I don't know if anything like that happen where you have these huge plans that were quite short. Yeah
I think I was lucky but big letdown for her and then now her friends isn't even stationed there anymore. He's like living in Illinois like well opportunity lost,
Yeah what else you how much tv at all have favorite shows or?
Um I don't know if you've seen rick and morty, it's like an adults with cartoon. Yeah. My favorite always like the sci fi comedy stuff. Um
Yeah they have it on hulu and the new seasons on there as well. They the 4th season.
Yeah like a Maybe five or 6 months ago or maybe actually
just a few months ago I think.
Yeah season for. Yeah and they're yeah motivation. Um uh
And then on netflix they've had these, it's like the haunting of will house or something like that but it's just like this family that moves into a house and then but it's haunted and It's like a 10 episode series but they have like a couple of those on Netflix where it's just like I don't know this family living in a haunted house and I'm trying to like overcome the demons which is kind of, it's more like suspenseful.
It's like addicting in the sense that you want to just keep watching. But it's like really drawn out so it's like not something I'd ever watch again. It's cool for first Path
the
War
I should say.
Did that come out every two weeks?
that's us a month to check it out. Um
Do you ever, I'm sure you plead. They play DND before?
like a couple of years ago I joined the group we met like once a week for like a few months, it's kind of fun. But yeah, it's like it's kind of awkward just sitting in a room and they don't have to make it up. But
Well I guess this is good, good social experience for a pandemic then I guess.
Yeah.
I don't know. Have you met some pretty interesting people?
tells you, tells you about the teacher's salary there.
That's funny. Um Yeah.
Let's see. Mhm. What else is there? You know, he could have won super power. What would you choose?
Without being bothered.
I
have a um
I think teleportation where I could just teleport wherever I want. I just don't like traveling. I guess it's nice now because it's like I worked from my room. So it's basically like I'm teleporting to these different meetings but teleporting in person because and it's just like what are you going to do today? I'm gonna
go see the pyramids in Egypt and then, I don't know, go to England
to have lunch. I think that's what it was. I think that's what be my superpower if I could choose one. Um What's funny is
is that a green screen behind you?
have a green screen.
I don't know if you, if you use zoom a lot, you can put a green screen up and have a background. And so what I did was um I got I bought a green T shirt and so basically the background just like covers everything green and then like I would cover my face and then so it looks like no one's there. So I could be virtually invisible. So that might be just as just as the zoom meetings are my teleportation superpower, you can make zoom your invisibility somehow. Although I would just be weird to have a zoom meeting. Making something.
What?
Yeah. So what two things with that one is he was like yeah it's like you you ran on zoom but two is how do they know like did you give them their specs or were they able to somehow?
I was gonna say did they like somehow get information from your computer from zoom without?
That's crazy.
They may not like for your computer to use if you like to get
the position.
And
damn. That sucks.
Um
Yeah let's see what else is there is you could transform into any animal for one day and what would you choose?
Same
currently
opportunity to fly. And I think I wouldn't stop there. I would probably go like pterodactyl. Just because if it's a hypothetical situation I could just think of whatever I want anyway so as well go
Priest.
Yeah it's like no one's gonna mess with you if you're a pterodactyl. Uh So all the benefits were flying without the benefits of being in the future chain or without the cost of being in the future and then um Uh huh.
You have a favorite kind of food? Mhm.
sheep though
they're good. I know at least in Austin it's like get tacos and stuff.
Uh huh. Stick to cheese and bread then I guess
should diversify a little bit maybe. Right Well cool. Well I think we've done our 25 minutes is nice talking
with you.
Thanks you too. In texas. Uh.