Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh,
very
good. How are you?
much.
I'm detective now. Middle
something nice. Have
you done this before? Spot
for
time to do it?
Yeah. I'm pretty good money for what it is. I mean, the time it takes and all that.
Mhm. Uh Most things just these days that play a lot of video games, waiting to uh go to school to be a C. N. A. Yeah.
Yeah, a lot of RPGS mostly and playing a lot of uh you know, so lately just like elder scrolls online. Mm
Different.
All
But that's really
Look at me.
Well, I've never used a virtual reality thing before, but definitely interested to later. Maybe one day start coming out with more stuff for them and stuff.
How would you compare it to like Resident Evil or Silent Hill or something like that?
God.
That would be really cool. Sounds like something my sister above, she plays a lot of the um Call of Duty like zombie thing, like
where you're like
in this mansion or sometimes you're just shooting zombies. Yeah.
Um California still like lockdown right now, or? Uh huh.
Yeah, it's still pretty hot. My God, my window open right now. It's actually kind of a nice day. Um But yeah, it's been pretty hot but it, you know keeps going back and forth.
I think I'm pretty boring, especially the I'm just kind of sitting around waiting, right? Um I read sometimes not so much these days anymore, but occasionally um
Thank
you.
sometimes I read a whole bunch and other times like, no, not at all, but For average like maybe one or 2 a year, sometimes sometimes more, you know?
No, I
don't have
an account with any of them. Um
I did at the start of the pandemic like completely been watched that whole bo jack Horseman series. Okay.
Yeah, it's pretty good. It's really depressing, but it's pretty funny too at the same time.
I mean like you wouldn't even notice that there was a pandemic going on, like
everything,
it's like everything
barely anybody had the mask on. It's just everything is just going normal here. Yeah.
Thank you,
No, I'm waiting to start.
Yeah. By the beginning of the pandemic I didn't have any kind of like certifications or anything. Like I was working as a merchandiser. Yeah. It off from that. And so I figured I'd be a good idea to go out and get something under my belt, you know? Yeah. More job security. Especially like something in the healthcare industry. Yeah.
Yeah. It seems like a pretty john safe thing to do.
Yeah. It's gonna be mostly online, but I feel like going to do like some lives and stuff to you. Mhm. Yeah.
You
were
Yeah. Like for a while there, I was staying up all night long and now recently like it's gone full circle. Like I was now Waking up at like six going to bed at like 10.
Uh huh. Just keeps like engine an hour Levin said. Not really working besides online stuff.
Now you're fun. Things are kind of hard. You just have to come up with something to talk about for 30 minutes. Mm.
uh well, like I said, I was playing a lot of time, playing a lot of VSO um have you ever heard about Skyrim game? Oh,
okay. Well it's like the same universe or whatever, but it's like an MMO version.
Yeah, elders falls online.
Come on. Mhm. Yeah. Uh
do you have any animals?
And
I have a cat um you're in a hibiscus tree. What,
sorry? Yeah,
A black one, you know what breed is or anything? But he's black. Uh huh.
Yeah, not much. I mean, you really just got to clean up the litter box.
but he was winning and stuff, so.
Let's see. You can forget about a plan. But
account
it's not gonna let you forget about him. So
it's not for
the war. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah,
mm
Yeah.
mm. Um I don't know. Maybe northern California looks like the redwood forest. Well that every lane some are colder. Yeah.
The apartments.
No, I hate the heat. It's the worst. I can't stand it. Mhm.
Yeah.
Everything next time I move I'm definitely not living anywhere where it gets into the hundreds probably. I was thinking about Washington state. That sounds really nice. Really ringing and what it sounds great. Mhm
break.
Well,
that that was a huge letdown. Mm.
huh.
Ship I'm and
no, not really. Um What about you? Yeah.
You can watch it on Hulu actually.
No they just came out with a new one. Yeah.
there
you know if I've already seen it I hope not because I kind of want to watch it but
Yeah.
Anything.
Mhm. Yeah I listened to a lot of like that was like horror stories and stuff like that on Youtube. Um Listen to that. There's this podcast called Lore Back. It's
pretty
interesting unfortunately
I'm already done listening to every episode. Those so gotta wait like weeks for a new one to come out.
Yeah it's like about just like various like folklore things and stuff but it's really well researched and the narrator is pretty good too so.
Yeah.
Yeah. No I haven't I'm not a social person like that. I couldn't do that sitting on the table and having to like act out stuff and like I I wouldn't do that. Uh huh.
Like perform like I couldn't it's just way too much. Like I'm very good. It's like every time I signed up for it like I'm like okay, good, that's good money, I need the money. But I'm always like kind of like half hoping that they don't show up. You know, I can get that real beef like, oh thank god I don't have to Like talk to a stranger for 25 minutes. It but they're not my crap. I really could use that money.
Yeah, true enough. Like I barely talked to anybody these days and but it isn't much before either, but it's even less now. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, I just run of the mill people. Right. Two of old and like I've done it about four times and two of them are actually teachers. That was kind of odd that I got to teachers like in a row like they really need more funding up there. Uh huh. Yeah.
Right. But you're really scraping by, aren't you?
Yeah.
okay, definitely. Invisibility. Yeah. It's like it's like walk down the street like
now without anybody being able to see me and I can just go without my business like that would be amazing.
Come on.
Mhm. Yeah.
Good.
I mean,
it would be a lot more than mean.
No, it's a wall. Yeah.
Something long.
They weren't even their own you don't get credit for it. What's funnel though is I was applying for this then customer service job um back in like May and the initial interview was over zoom and they they ended up like throwing out my application because like my computer respects, they said that I wouldn't be able to do the training on Zune
but we did the interview on zoom like so obviously I can run zoom without a problem.
Yeah, like I'm screen sharing and they're like screenshot at home and stuff. Mhm.
No, they helped me like pull it up and they checked everything and check like the computer speed, all that stuff. Mm
Okay. No it's really laying.
No
that's also like after training they would have sent me like equipment to right really was just the training that they were having an issue with but I mean the interview was on zoom so obviously
I can run zoom without a problem
one thing. So why all that crap over? Mhm.
Yeah.
definitely some kind of birds.
I mean,
you pass that on, it's only for all right.
That
way you don't get like eaten by a hawk or anything like that.
Mhm. Yeah.
Any kind of bread really, bread and cheese are definitely done. I can live off of that. I mean, probably wouldn't be very healthy, but
yeah, it is too, Yeah.
Yeah, not around here. Everything is like super remote quality and greasy, but okay, like capital shops and stuff, but it's just like really super low quality stuff quickly.
Yeah. I mean, it's nice occasional anything. Mhm.
Yeah,
Yeah. Thank you. Have a great day and good luck with everything up here in California.