Hello?
Can
you hear a meeting?
Yes, loud and clear.
I'm
good thank you, how are you?
Uh huh. Good. No covid yet?
I haven't gotten it yet
hopefully.
No.
Uh huh. Yeah it's difficult to start a conversation. Yeah.
Right. Well as you may here I have a german accent.
I'm originally from Germany and I came to the United States in 2000 and seven. Yeah.
I miss my family over there because they are still there.
I haven't recently the last time I was there was in 2013.
Yeah. Too long.
So
he was born here.
I see.
I
was born, I was born over there.
Oh a lot. Yeah. There's beautiful locations at the Rhine River uh in 2013. Last time I was there with my wife, we actually went on a boat to on the Rhine River boat tour. That was amazing. I've never done it when I lived there. Okay.
yeah that's right but that way I even explored my own country and uh saw things I haven't seen before,
that's
fine.
Right. And then we have there's that big cathedral in the city I come from cologne. I don't know if you know cologne,
it's
I
have fun.
I have not been in the cathedral whole lot when I when I lived there but I did go to it when I visited. It's kind of funny.
the cathedral? Oh it is it's huge, it's a gigantic cathedral.
Do
you know the cathedral in new york? I can't remember the name
I said
is it some Patrick's? I'm not sure.
Oh I see,
I
just
want to say it's actually the cathedral in new york is modeled
after the cathedral in cologne. You have seen that one in new york. You kind of get an idea of how the cathedral in cologne would be.
them almost the same size. Yeah
I
think so
I've
done I've done a couple of tourists in the U. S. To I've been in uh uh on a drive on the on the east coast from Georgia
all the way up to new york
back
to
all the
way up upstate
new york.
that was kind of cool. And uh another year I did a drive with friends from again from Atlanta Atlanta Georgia too. Columbus Ohio
that
was in the wintertime when it was it was cold.
Right
you're really cool. Yeah.
But yeah I got it I got to see a little bit and I have lived in uh in history the first four years and then we moved to Indianapolis and lived there for another three years before we moved back to Missouri.
Could not my wife and I we really like north Carolina from pictures but we haven't been there.
like the mountains.
Yeah friend driving through Tennessee on that tour from Atlanta to columbus Ohio we drove right through it but it wasn't the wintertime so it wasn't as pretty as it probably would look into the spring or somewhere.
hold on. Uh huh. I
would love to see that.
I
used
to I used to be a beach person but when I got older it kind of turned around and now I'm more like a mountain person. I prefer the mountains.
Are you
close to the beach? Are closer to the mountains?
All right in the middle. Okay.
Out
We
are not far from Kansas city actually. We are but we're not in Kansas city, we are
in a suburb, in a small town nearby but going to Kansas city it's maybe just 30 minutes or so. Uh
No.
I see.
Who
are?
we haven't been in Kansas city even once this year
but
Oh that's nice.
See they don't have home schooling in Germany. Yeah that does not exist. There's a kind of it's mandatory that your kids have to go to school. Yeah.
I don't know, I never went through this education system here so I have no idea.
huh.
Yeah I just wanted to say I think for your kids it should be easier now because uh nothing has changed for them, They get home all the time.
What?
that's pretty neat.
Yeah, they don't have that in Germany, that's too bad.
Yeah it's kind of complicated the school system over there. They have like three different here, they just have high school and they have three different types of schools. I don't know an english word for them, but they are green, one goes only know to go only until 10th grade and one goes until 13th grade only the one that goes to 13th grade allows you to go to university afterwards. The other you can only uh work a job or you can you can do some extra school like two or four years extra. And that qualifies you for your university as well. I did
that
but I I
never
went to university. I actually worked,
no.
In my family nobody went to college, but my parents didn't, my brother did not, I did not, I
I have I went to uh to the extra school after after the regular school, I learned economics and then I learned taxes and I got a job as a at a tax consultant and that worked with taxes. But sadly that doesn't do anything for me here because
german tax law is totally different from american tax law.
So my south africa doesn't do me any good here.
Unfortunately I lost my my main job in february. I I
did have a pretty well paying web design job, but uh my partner at that time in the air we decided to split up with the business so she she's doing
the business now by herself and I don't have a job. Yeah, that's that's why I'm on here.
That's
And
You
know,
I'm also good, what what I'm doing? I do prolific and micro workers.
Kind
of like mturk it's pretty very similar, but the jobs pay a little better.
My co workers dot
com.
I think I started it in in june that took me that long to find it.
Uh I know
that. Yeah.
Her.
I am
uh the most actually the prolific is uh is great.
No, no, nothing.
Wire
that's very good. Yeah. Do you have the extension installed? That makes us sound when something comes in?
Oh, come on. No.
How?
in.
All
They don't have anything like that on my coworkers, but they have a similar feature when when there are jobs that you like doing, you can uh put the employer into your list and then all the jobs when you lock in, they are marked green, they have green line, you find them immediately, but you don't have to search for them
or
they're black, they're
yeah. Micro workers started calm.
he was kind of the other way around my wife, she works for the government. She has a great paying job. So when we are not totally lost because I lost mine but of course I'm trying to do anything I can do to help them. Well until I find something uh better
bye.
All
Oh that's it. That's already my third time.
Yes, I did these two times before.
that happened to me last time. My second time I got rescheduled three times. The first two times nobody showed up and finally I got scheduled in the afternoon and then the person showed up the other two were in the morning. That that never worked.
Bride.
I like
that correct.
I don't know I just said I like that too.
I've never tried it on my phone. I have to admit that I always do it at home.
good.
Are the,
thank
you.
Oh wow we are just one.
No we were living in an apartment. We have just
one cat.
Uh huh.
Brother.
That's good. That's
I have to I think at least one more side I can give you. But I have never done it. It's
called PICO workers. It's it's kind of like the same like micro work because what I've never done it, I think they don't pay as well there. So I concentrated mostly on micro workers.
I have tried entered but I gave it up because I couldn't link my bank account to amazon for some reason. It never worked.
I do that.
What is that card?
Oh yes. Uh huh.
I used but I've recently I have stopped doing it because yeah it's easy and uh they paid nice but
sometimes they get just 10 cents for for one of those surveys and then sometimes more sometimes it's more than a dollar or so. But not always.
Bye.
There's another one. Oh wait uh what's it called?
Just slipped my mind a pine cone research my ankle.
Pine cone research staying up. They don't have a whole lot,
but
they sent you
they sent me like one or sometimes two surveys a week and each one of them pays $3.
It's
I know that.
Football.
It's crowdsource dot com. Uh
Yeah. I do something that's called user crowd. They have little tests but they pay like each test pays like between 20 and 60 cents but you get quite a few of them and uh accumulates fairly fast.
But I've never I've signed up for some of these other testing sides but you have to kind of sit there and then talk your way through it. I I don't know, that's not my thing.
I'll
let
you.
that's nice. I got probably this uh Pinecone research. They sometimes uh I get a survey and then they asked me if if they can send me the product then they send it to me, I use it. And a couple of weeks later there comes another survey, another $3 and
what
I get $6 plus the product.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
But
No,
I've tried swag books months ago, but I never made much on it at all.
Close
up
and.
I
have something on my phone and on my computer it's called Honey Game, it just runs in the background, it shares your band with, it needs some of your bandwidth but you don't have to do anything and it just accumulates money.
Honey gain.
You find
it Honey game dot com. It's a small it's a tiny little program, you can install it on your computer and you can also install it on on an android phone
corn. And uh just they just pay you money for sharing your internet.
It's not much but you can
you can earn depends on how many devices you you you have. I kind of make $20 takes me a month and a half or so to get $20 from it for doing nothing basically it just runs on your own and only a computer.
Mhm.
And.
you have it on three devices. But uh but then that's kind of tricky because they are very a while ago they have limited to two devices per I. P. Address. So so I have my phone and my desktop run on the same I. P. Address on my laptop. Uh I use a different we have a how do you say different wifi channel for guests? So to call from Comcast I bought for my laptop. So the lab has a different I. P. So I can run three devices. Oh
it's
lower but it's fast enough for that.
But
if you have only um one of uh by if I. I. P. Address you can only run two devices.
Yeah that's your word.
and you
don't have to do anything for you just want to the ground.
Yeah Micro workers doesn't have as many jobs as uh entered but uh it varies between 1005 100 sometimes it's only like 600 drops on there. And I only do a couple of them. There's a whole lot of jobs I wouldn't even do.
they're sometimes jobs that pay really well, like 50 cents per jobs. Uh And those go away really fast. But they
have like usually 40 or 50 people can do the job. And if if you're on there all the time, it's no problem to get them.
But
if you're away from the computer for a couple of hours, you might actually miss out on some.
Yeah. I like my computer, all my computers. I like run 24 7 because of that honey game thing that runs overnight as well.
so I rarely ever restart the computer.
huh.
I might get issues if it's on for 10 days or a little more than it sometimes gets a few issues and then I have to restart it.
Way
over time.
How
are you? Welcome
there.
And
now
another 20 minutes?
Oh,
thank you very much. Mhm.
Yeah, I hope you two.
I
just closed. I think we just closed the top.
All