they don't want to go? Okay. Yeah I think that's good.
Hi
I
can can you hear me?
Perfect. Yeah how are you today?
What?
I'm doing well thank you
not here. What about you? How have you been? Okay good.
Hopefully
none of us do except but I have no idea
what to talk about. Yeah.
they didn't you any kind of tips or anything?
I can hear it a little bit Yeah.
that's cool. Is there anything thing in Germany that you miss
do you get to go visit a lot?
So it's been a few years.
I believe my sister's boyfriend's family is from Germany they were he is from here but his father is from there so yeah his father has the accident and he doesn't and it's kind of cool to hear and um
Larry
yeah he was born here. Yes
so that's
probably
Yeah and so is there anything interesting over there like cool locations to go see and that kind of thing?
Well if you're on vacation you should just explore new things anyway so.
Well there at least there's always new things to see, it could be the same stuff over and over again, so
I don't think
getting to see new places even if it is where you do live.
I don't um
and a few things um my husband is military and so he's been to quite a few places and that's one place that he hasn't been too, so haven't gotten a study on it too much. Um He
would
stuff.
Catch them. It was. So what? Because I haven't um like I said looked it up so what is it that's like Really? Really? Because I know it's a magical place, so what is it that just really stands out about it? Mhm.
Oh I see, catch
up.
I
don't
I haven't been there um I've been from north Carolina up to Chicago. Um That's about I'm trying to think. I've been to Virginia north Carolina, south Carolina Illinois, Chicago can look at all. We we drove straight across so we went and went through like so many states. It was hard to keep track of
when
you've
been.
No.
imagine just on a much bigger scale. The one.
wow
that's
That's cool. So
and
that
got
you
at the the
absolute
weapon.
Catch up.
Our kindness my
husband.
Yeah at least you were in the car right? Yeah.
I mean you could have you having a motorcycle all the way up then it would have been really
Yeah.
Just are you in Missouri now? Sure. Um Born and raised in north Carolina so.
it's the mountains are pretty. The V. Chip
the beach is okay now when it comes to beaches I prefer Virginia beach myself. My husband was stationed there for six years. Well so I definitely prefer the Virginia beach area. Um But the mountains in north Carolina are really pretty. Um in the mountains in Tennessee are really pretty, so.
Oh it's it's really nice in the fall like. Right probably right. This time when the leaves are change, it's really cool because they do have certain spots where you can pull off and just look over and it's it's
so
it's definitely I don't know like we're more beach people. Um I have little ones though so you know they like to stay busy and be in the water but for like a quick little weekend vacation, the mountains are really nice to go to and just kind of get away from everything else. So I definitely agree
with going
out.
They're kinda half and half depending on the time of year. It is um like
like
We're right smack in the middle.
freak. It's like the same amount of time to get to either. So it's, it's pretty cool. We're not really um near any big cities or anything. I mean we are but not like closest city, like huge city is 45 minutes away. We're out in the country so
it's nice, it's not too busy, it's not super crowded. Um We have farm animals, like it's yeah, we we just kinda were like being out in a way, so we're right smack in the middle over both
people.
Hello?
We're near, have
you ever heard of charlotte? Okay, so we're like 45 ish minutes away from charlotte as
that's the closest city that's around. So I mean it's not, I don't really like going to charlotte. I do want to have to um I mean if you need a specialist or something like that, typically we have to drive
the
shark kind of thing. Um The big malls are up in that area so if necessary will go. But it is not my favorite place to be. Yeah.
I
don't think we've been anywhere this year hey. But we got in a vacation. We did head to the beach for week, nine days. It was kind of we were going for a week and then we decided we were going to stay an extra weekend. So that was nice. But we no because we home school we don't have to deal with the school schedule. So when we want to go I just plan it right, we're going and we just do school either the week ahead or a week behind and they it all balances out in the end so we go in september when the rest of school is in and we get to be out,
so. Yeah.
Well their education system is probably a lot better than what we have here anyway.
It's I mean it's it's not it's not good. Um I was home schooled but my husband was in public school and we decided when we had kids so that's what we were going to do and it's been great for us. Uh
huh. But especially with the virtual learning that they're doing now, it is very difficult, the neighbor kids were doing that and they were struggling and so now they're actually being home schooled by me as well.
Right. Um We've been homeschooling my oldest is in the fourth grade, so I've been doing this for counting kindergarten for five years. Um Oh my goodness, that's a lot. So
um for me it was just we're just going to start right back up when we normally will they finish their cool and um the only difference is we don't do as many field trips as we normally would because everything is still um either shut down or you have to schedule certain appointments. Um And that kind of thing, but other than that our life is just same as it was before, so
it's kind of nice. Mhm. But
I mean it's an experiment, but like I said, yeah, yeah, I've got to have a better um school system than we do anyways. Um
They won't
let you
leave,
What are you doing?
Yeah. Um I did not I didn't go to college and my husband didn't go to college. He actually decided
to get his C. D. L. And he's now a CBO truck driver and um military so he kind of the military is more part time now, he's an active reservist so he only does that for months now and then he is a full time studio truck driver. So I mean you can definitely do what you need to do with that for us. We don't put as much emphasis on going to college because we have been able to succeed without doing it um With just the hard work that actually needs to go into it.
that's how it so
No.
mess
I got. Yeah. Yeah well and there's a different currency in America, don't I had to um because I own my own business so I had to learn how to do all of that from the ground up myself. And it is very confusing um at least on this part of it, it's very very difficult to learn um and it does take a lot of effort to remember how to do it and then like every different section has its own different amounts or percentages of what can be taxed and food gets taxed separate from this and it's I was like oh my goodness. So yeah, I can see how it would be way different to do it from Germany to american because this America stuff is difficult to say the least. Okay.
Fuck.
All
same
all of them because it's it's not, do you know what a comic con is like where people go and they dress up and they come? So with the stuff that I make, I would go and I would go to the conventions and I would sell it. But then when they shut everything down, they said, oh, you can't have big groups of people anymore. So all of my jobs for the year have been canceled,
that I haven't I haven't worked since my last con was in february. Um So I'm on here, I'm doing prolific and I'm doing amazon's um in Turks and um doing this because I think it's pretty much that you're going
to be shut
out
Hell. How does that one work? Is that one kind of the
same?
Oh, and it's Microsoft
microfiber?
Oh, I'll have to look at that one because this is, yeah, so, I mean, with them shutting everything down, it definitely makes it difficult to do anything else at the moment, but I'm enjoying the prolific one, like, um I just started it in august and I like, I like that it's a lot different. I like that I get to work when I
well I didn't I didn't even know that they did this kind of thing. Um I mean I did swag bucks, which is kind of a survey site where you earn points,
but
I've done that for probably 13 years a lot. Um
and then um I didn't realize that I knew there were other sites kind of like that, but I didn't know if there were sites were up here is your job, you automatically get it you're done. So I like this a lot better. I've actually slowed down this five bucks side because I like that I can do this and not have to push for a goal every day, so I enjoy doing the prolific jobs.
And they
it's honestly it kind of shocked at how much they were paying for stuff. Not complaining,
no, complete. But I mean I have three Children so from the ages of 8 to 3 so for me I have to be able to do something that I can work in between doing other. I can't I don't have somebody
kids so I can go out and even try to get even just a waitressing job. So I am very happy to have found something like this where it's online and I can do it and I can work with it around the kids.
I do. It's oh I've
got one that one and then I have one for the mturk that um the hit catch or one where you can automatically put it in and as soon as the drop
pops up for a certain person it will automatically take it for you. Uh
Yeah that one helps a lot. I get a lot of jobs I can kind of scan through the list and go click click click click click and it puts all of them into the queue. And then when I get about 20 jobs I'll go and just go through job after job after drop. And
it ends up a lot better and a lot faster to get jobs that clicking on one, getting it doing it then having to go find a new one. I've got a whole list of them sometimes 20 or 30 jobs and read them ready to be clicked on.
Oh I'm
definitely
not look at that one. I'm right in the name now.
All right. I mean um definitely always interested in finding new jobs that are you know any anything extra that I can put towards. Um So all the stress isn't on my husband and so I like being able to help where I can so I need it.
Right. Because you don't want it to fall on one part. I mean that's it, that's how we are. We don't want it to fall on one person. We want it to
be you know a little more equal. So well I may not bring in because matt my husband does have a very good paying job, shockingly. The Cdo driver pays more than the Navy did. But I mean it's a nice balance um where he works and I keep the kids during the day and I do a few things here and there and then when school is over I work anywhere from 3 to 2 and 2 to 3 to like nine o'clock, but when he gets home he takes over on the kids, so it's definitely split about 50 50. Um And while he's like, you know, well we're okay, well do we need to do? And I'm like, I don't know, it's a partnership for me, so I'm like it definitely should be split more than just me going up, you're going to go get a job and I'm gonna sit at home and do nothing.
I like the I like the online stuff, it seems to I'm very computer savvy, so it seems to work better for me to be able to do this kind of stuff, so this is my first time doing any of the video chats. Um
So these pop up often.
Oh cool. I tried to do one last week on here, same group. Um My partner never showed up, so I got the bonus of a dollar 50 but I'm like, I wanted to do the job.
I set an alarm on my phone. I was like, I am not going to forget that I have that job. But I like that this company, I don't know how the other ones are, but I like how this company they let you do it over and over and they are like capping you like, oh that person skipped out. So you're only allowed to get the bonus once that I like that they'll pay you to do it however many times until you get a partner that talks.
So I do like that. I'm loving the prolific. I like the way that it works and I like how quick things are. Um I mean and it is good money. So there's that for what we're doing. It's good money set my in laws. I
I take
go ahead.
All right. So I I don't know if you do it. I tend to work outside of the house if I can like if I can take it with me. My husband had a he had a minor it wasn't a surgery but he had to have the camera put down his throat to look at a stomach. Um And so I was right on him. I like sat in the car and was doing prolific in the car. Um And I take it to the in laws house when we go over there on weekends and I'll sit there on their couch and I'll just work and they're like you can't make that much doing it and I'm like you have no idea, don't judge it if you won't try it. So
I well I have a for the kids school we have a problem book. So whenever I go out of the house I'll just take their Chromebook with them and I'll do it that way. So
no, I don't know if it works well on the phone or not, but I'll take the little, the little miniature
computer stay out and hey and
do it
that way. So I have four.
We have four. And normally she doesn't want, she doesn't normally get up on me, but I don't know, she's like be good today, but we've got four cats, three dogs, nine, yeah, nine goats, 10 ducks and 20 chickens. We have a food. So I mean
what?
Yeah, we've got right at two acres of land, so we've got some room to spread out um a little bit. Um Now we're looking to buy something with a lot more. But um I make soaps. That's my job. My job is to make soaps and so we have the goats for the milk so I can use that in the soaps. And then um of course the chickens and ducks are for eggs. So we teach our Children have to be more self sufficient versus your stuff comes from the grocery store, there's no nothing else that comes from it. Um Our kids know start to finish, they've raised chickens from eggs, I mean they're running around in the yard now um
regarding we do experiments with different kinds of soil and we turn into um their science projects, they just planted pumpkin suits earlier and they like cut open a pumpkin and play into the season side of it. So we do have a little bit of a farm so that the kids can see where things come
from.
It's definitely different from your typical life but yeah I wouldn't trade it, they enjoy it. Nothing you're doing it so.
Have to go.
I mean sweat books does well, trying to think, I think my name's our spy bucks, prolific mturk and
Oh goodness. I mean you can also get it, try to put on an amazon gift card, so if you,
yeah, it's a lot, well you can do it for christmas money trying to but it's yeah, it's one of those things that's kind of like, but paid viewpoint, have you ever heard of that one?
Paid viewpoint?
So I do that one. Um and I never, it's not a lot but it's about $10 a month on there for doing like if you really quick like maybe 2020 question surveys, it's very easy and the money.
Six.
Yeah. It just depends um on what it's on. I get a lot of diaper ones on there because I have a three year old, so they're like, here take this one. Um So I think it just depends on the person. I don't think my mom makes
as much there as I do.
I don't know. Please. Yeah. Yeah.
I used
could
be,
come on.
I used to do that one and I did it for I think like three or four years and then all of a sudden they just stopped
swinging the surveys and now it won't let me make a new account. There is another one it's called life points and
that one does decent because the survey pays like 100
75 points ish and it takes 600 points to trade down for $5. Um I mean you can earn $5.1 day if you do two or three surveys um Depending on the amounts. So that one I do when I have um time later on the day because you can turn, I mean depending on how much time you put into it, you can definitely earn some. They they gave me a study last week where I put in what I had bought for the week, which wasn't much, but and they paid me $10 to keep track of it for the week. I was like, I'll take it. How bad. So that one's a good when I do like life points. I think that's really the only ones that I'm doing at the moment. Um If you like the kind of work like this, there's crowd source to where you do. It's more like um the internet where you do the different little transcription jobs. Um But it's
crowdsource is. Yeah.
I have that one. Um I think we do a lot of the same ones. Um My mom does a few other ones. I just can't remember what um what they are. Um And shit, we're in the same household so she can't do the amazon one.
it's not mine either. Um I guess I mean I like I did five books earlier just enough to get my daily goal without pushing it through. Um But my mom does really well on that one. She can make a couple of 100 on five bucks a month. And I'm just sitting here like how to be your ways because I don't know. Um But she does a lot of the gold surveys and they somehow she on there gets a lot of products to test, But when she gets the products
sent to
or
she'll test it out. Like she's getting dishwasher taps, they'll pay your $5 to test them events. You'll get an extra 10 to 20 for the survey after that. And I'm just like really
All right. So
you
right. She got have you seen the shark vacuums? Like really expensive vacuums factbook sent her one paid her money to test it and then we got to keep the vacuum great. I was we don't even have carpet but this one is made for carpet and hardwood. And so she got it to test it on the hardwood. I'm like this is the best vacuum I've ever used. I love this thing. She's like you can't keep it
man. But they
had I think I think the survey afterwards was like 20 maybe $30 for testing a vacuum. I'm like really? But she gets them. I don't know. It's insane. So I mean five bucks is definitely worth it if you can figure out out of how to do it. Um I think she just has the gold surveys. I think that's how she gets the products
and survey.
Thanks. Um Now if you do um Rab Universe can get a lot of points. Um If you have a smartphone and you download the apps, those can pay a couple bucks for just playing a game on your phone when you're laying in bed. I mean let's be realistic you can play a game on your phone when you're out waiting in the car somewhere um and get paid for it. So if you can get any of the um the games to test off of there, they also do a thing now where it's like double
points
so they're double the amount that you get paid on. Um rave universe and Adgate media and in the
gold surveys and that's how she does that those are the three things she does and she does
well with.
And it's called what
honey
drink?
that's cool.
And no.
Angel.
Right. I have um
two of the chromebooks for the kids and then one desktop so
may be able to do 20 a month. I'd be kind of nice so.
That's smart. That's
smart.
That's smart. So well
I.
Okay well we have the guest one and then we also have an extender um to make the wifi stretched the whole length of the house. Um The extender has a separate um I. P. Address as well so
I should so definitely thank you. Right.
Hey
God, I love free money. So, but thank you very much for those two websites because I haven't heard of them. And I'm definitely going to check them out.
Sure. Well, there's so many people that do in Turkey that it's kind of hard to get some of the jobs sometimes. So that's a little slower. Might be kind of nice.
No.
I can
show you
catchable. This this one's up and running all day long from the time I get up until the time I go to bed. So it's always got that it's always got the different tabs open so I can go and check it throughout the day. So
yeah, that's smart set.
I don't, I do like maybe once a week.
But that's only to I got one computer that's got issues of its own for too long. It stops working. Yeah
like it won't open up certain things or it's really slow. Yeah that have so other than that the other one stays on pretty much all the time too so I can definitely have it open and doing things in the background while it's not doing anything else. So but I think we have yeah we've gone up
said
that's all right. Um It was nice talking to you. Um Maybe we can get paired up again later. That would be fun. But thank you so much for talking with me and for helping me out telling me about those other two things. Um Because I'll definitely look into
them.
So but I hope that you have a fabulous day and
we'll forget to do the survey when we get off of this one because
I
forget.
I know right it's all right it's okay. But
yes, so thank you very much for talking to me. Uh
and like I said, I hope you have a great day.
Thank
you.
I think so. I hope so. Thank
you. Bye.