SPEAKER_L: right side. Yeah. Yeah. Do you want, Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh I well
SPEAKER_R: I just close my door quick, okay,
SPEAKER_L: it's no
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: So what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name's Maya, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Hi my I'm Elizabeth.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_R: Have you done any of these before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I did um I did one not too long ago but the connection kept getting dropped so
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: we didn't get to complete it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's a bummer. Yeah, this is my third time doing them, so I feel like they're kind of getting less and less awkward as time goes on.
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, um where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from new york city.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, fun. I
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: live in, I'm in Pittsburgh, P. A.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Nice. I like pencils war.
SPEAKER_R: I've never been to new york, but I really want to go sometime.
SPEAKER_L: We should I mean this at this point in time it's kind of crazy with everything wrong but um it's definitely fun to visit. I don't really enjoy living here so much but it's just it's too expensive for what it is. You know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've seen like a lot of um like apartment tours and stuff, they always come up on my like youtube feed and those are fun, but the rents are insane for what
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: the place is really are.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. I mean like
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: in Manhattan The average for like a studio apartment and I mean like a shoebox sized studio apartment, it's like around 2800. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: our rent is like 600 or so a month, so
SPEAKER_L: that's before my speed. That's
SPEAKER_R: yeah, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: well right now. Unfortunately pretty much nothing because the covid, but um yeah, I was freelancing before that a lot of the projects that I was supposed to work on one of getting delayed or canceled um but I was doing like digital marketing and stuff for events like music stuff,
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: it can be fine tim Burton.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a college student, so I go to the University of Pittsburgh,
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying neuroscience and psychology, so um that's been really changed too because of covid like we had the campus and um do classes online and research is getting interrupted and all that. So
SPEAKER_L: and imagine that that would be really difficult.
SPEAKER_R: now um like people are returning to campus and they're doing like a 14 day stay at home order um that we just have to self report, but a lot of students are still like partying and I don't think it's actually going to work how they plan it, so.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's hard to regulate that stuff and I think that, you know, some people kind of feel invincible, which is so strange to me, you know, it's pretty much been shown that this can affect anybody, you know, like
SPEAKER_R: It's incredibly scary.
SPEAKER_L: it really is the fact that it like it
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: seems to to manifest itself in different ways and different people is really, that makes it so much worse. Mm
SPEAKER_R: One thing that a lot of people overlook too is like we don't know the long term effects of it because
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you know, to enough time hasn't really passed, so you don't know like if your lungs are just going to be in really bad condition for the next Better part of your life, you know? It's
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: really scary to me and people always just throw around that like 1% death rate, you know? But I think even if you're not dying from it, it could still have like very harsh consequences. So.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. I mean there's outfit at this point in time with all the misinformation going around. It's like there's really no guarantee that that's even being reported accurately as far as that's right, you know, and some people aren't even being tested so they don't even know if that's what's causing it. You know? My my best friend's mom
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: actually just passed from Covid.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. That's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: It was it was really crazy because she had gone through so much like in the last year of her life, she had gone through cancer. She was treated for cancer and they thought that it was gone. Um She did like chemo and radiation and everything and she had a mastectomy but um apparently the cancer came back and showed up in her limp um my lymph nodes. So she was going to undergo treatment for chemo again. But before she had a chance to begin treatment, she had a stroke. Oh yeah and she was fun, it was a mild stroke, but she went um they recommended that she go to like a rehab facility. She caught covid in a rehab facility from somebody else there and within like a week and a half she was on a ventilator and you think she passed like a few days after that. And the worst part was that like I couldn't go to be with my friend because he's in florida and he couldn't even see her. Like the nurse was holding up the phone to his mother's ear so he could speak to him. I passed.
SPEAKER_R: now does this heartbreaking?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like how do you like, I mean I've
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: dealt with you know I've had losses in my family before, I've had my friends those parents before, but it's like this part of it is so unprecedented because at least you know before you can say goodbye, you couldn't even have a service for her. You know? And to see people treat it like, you know, like it's a it's a violation of my human rights to have to wear a mask. I'm like, you, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like it's I
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: try not to be like personally insulting quiet,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but I'm just like we're trying to actually like save you or help you like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's especially if it's someone that like if you're in the same store or something because it is a personal attack against you and your health and everyone around you, it's just such an unnecessary risk.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And if you're in like a grocery store, especially that they're breathing on your food,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I mean obviously
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: you're going to clean stuff before you get home. But I mean like everybody's touching this stuff, everybody's, you know, breathing on it or whatever coughing on it. There was like all those, you know, those videos and stuff, people losing their minds because they're being forced or messing and they're like running around coughing on people like you wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: I know, I remember you probably you might have seen this story, but if some woman was like going around like licking food and like she damaged like a crap ton of products from this like small owned grocery store and I think they charged her with something like definition of property or something like that and they should have because she just ruined a lot of product and like completely right store.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And with a small business, especially there's no way to recoup that, you know, it's
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: just people just being destructive for the sake of being destructive. And it's funny because like what was it like last year when people were doing all that crap to go viral, like opening up like the blue bell ice cream and looking the ice cream, putting it back and all that kind of stuff and I'm like, okay, so now do y'all see what that was problematic or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because you, even if you don't have a covid back then you still are just transmitting so many germs and it's
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want you have or what somebody else is gonna look that ice cream before you had. You know, like it's so funny to me that people are like, well I'm healthy, started into, okay, we're trying to keep you healthy. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand why they're so defiant about like just staying alive and people are like the government is just trying to control you. And I'm like, well that's the point of the government is to kind of provide order and keep citizens safe and use because that are good. I mean there's obviously problems within that, but this one like it's just common sense to wear a mask. I don't understand
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: why you need it so much. Yeah. I mean no enjoys it, but you do it because you're just a decent person who cares about other people.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, sometimes low
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: key, I enjoy it because it means I have to wear less makeup.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is a that I used to work in retail and like creepy older men would always be like, you need to smile and you know, it's kind of nice that you can hide your face a little bit and not have to like walking or walk around looking so like friendly all the time. If you're just in a bad and you can just hide yourself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: one of my friends, No, actually, she was, she was walking along Madison Avenue here and she was like, this guy literally told her to smile and she's like, dude, I'm wearing a mask, you can't tell it from smiling or not, what is your problem?
SPEAKER_R: That is
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: crazy. I don't understand why men feel the need to tell us to smile all the time.
SPEAKER_L: that's because then they feel right, I guess they feel like whatever, they then say it's going to be reciprocated, you know, it's corny, but it's just, it's just how they operate. I think
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it's all
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: about control too. Like they just want to just tell you what to do because
SPEAKER_L: friends,
SPEAKER_R: they, and then you get scared and sometimes you'll comply because you don't want to get hurt.
SPEAKER_L: you know, of course women are supposed to be docile and obedient, so if I tell you to smile then you should smile. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: And always look pretty and great.
SPEAKER_L: That is what
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: been having fun with the masks though because I just made like I had like a plain black masks and they started to bore me and I'm like a really big Prince fan and I was like, I need to make this more prince like, so I made this veil to go over the mask that's like multicolored hair, doesn't like rhinestones,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's fun.
SPEAKER_L: okay shapes over your face. I was like, this is this is this is open chop enough to satisfy me for now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I've watched videos of people and something like if you're gonna be wearing them for the next probably like year or so. I mean, hopefully less than that. But you might as well make it like part of your outfit, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: because if you want to look like make it your own personal style, you might as well jazz it up a little bit. It
SPEAKER_L: yeah, this is sufficiently ridiculous for you.
SPEAKER_R: like this, this meets the mark. It was not pretty boring ones. But so I need to step up my mass game. But Oh
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean if there's like, even just if you get like um fabric paint markers or something, if you want to just like do sketches and things on them,
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, if your initials or something that does anything to personalize it, it helps also different clean, you know, to know which side you had on, like if you take it off for any reason.
SPEAKER_R: that's a good point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's like the only reason that I've been wearing lipstick, like when I had to play masks on because then I can just see the lipstick Margaret. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Students, We were in that one. How do you feel about um like schools trying to reopen and all that?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it's a bad idea.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree that constitute and I agree.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean even like, at least with you guys, like you're more
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: aware of stuff that's going on, you know, like you're actively like, you know, if you don't, if you don't abide by like safety rules and you're actively not abiding by them, like you understand enough to to know what to do what's right, what's wrong with that kind of stuff? Especially when they're having a little kids go back to school. Like are you going to regulate like daycare? Because I'm like, like daycare paste,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like not
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: going, you know, social distancing is not a thing for them, You know, it's going to be right. It's gonna be so hard to regulate. There was a story that I just read actually where it was like a school, they tried reopening like on a trial basis and within hours they had to quarantine people. So I'm like, okay, so and you want to do that nationwide? Cool.
SPEAKER_R: Great idea. And
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: then you
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: have to think about like it's not just the kids, the kids are going to go home to their parents and their siblings and see
SPEAKER_L: right. And there's some teachers that are, that may be a health risk, may be at risk themselves and their older as well. Like when I was in first grade, one of our teachers actually wound up being in the high hospitalized for something like three or 4 weeks
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: because our chicken pox
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: kid
SPEAKER_L: we don't. Yeah. Yeah, because when you, when you're older and you get it, it can be so much more severe. So it's like ok if chickenpox can knock
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: this otherwise
SPEAKER_R: Well I
SPEAKER_L: seemingly
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: healthy teacher out for like a month and I mean like have him in the hospital for a month, can you imagine like, you know, all these little kids that may be carriers or whatever and not realize it and they're all running around snapping
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: on themselves and wiping their noses on their sleeves and crap.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's so ridiculous to me.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and then you already have kids that are so defiant to begin with but they're not going to comply at all.
SPEAKER_L: Right, I'm like, you can't you can't get to me to sit in his chair, but you expect him to wear a mask all day. Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: they don't have this, I don't have the concept of consequences to the point where, you know, like life and death type of consequences at that point in time, Most of them at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and they shouldn't when they're like eight years old, they just want to have fun and play and yeah, my boyfriend's mom is a teacher, her special education students and she, this is going to be her last year before retirement and she's considering just quitting um altogether because she actually teaches in Ohio and their restrictions are a lot less um strict than pennsylvania. So I was like, you should just quit. It's not worth risking you and your health, your older and kids
SPEAKER_L: but I mean she's
SPEAKER_R: people's
SPEAKER_L: worked for a long time to get those benefits and stuff, should be giving all that up.
SPEAKER_R: right. I'm not sure like how it would affect her financially with like pension and all that, but it's sad that like you kind of have to make those decisions you want to talk about for a year or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's it's one of those things where it's like you're losing a lot of really great educators because you're putting them at risk. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's so complicated. You know, I mean, so many of these teachers are already wildly underpaid and you know, and they have like such a lack of supplies and support and then on top of that now you're like, we also don't care about your health or well being. So, you know, it's like, why would you even want to go into that profession at this point in time, which sucks because kids need good educators. And
SPEAKER_R: That.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's hard because there's a lot of parents that are being forced to go back to work as well so they can't stay home with their kids. It's like, I don't know, I feel like at this point in time there should have been a more comprehensive plan devised, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: percent
SPEAKER_L: wide thing because it's like it just kind of feels as though they were I don't know like everybody was asleep at the wheel you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because you have the leader, like at least like even if they're not the direct leaders making action, you have the symbols of people that denying it saying it's not gonna be a big deal and you have like the care packages ending and eviction notices are going to become legal again and people are getting kicked out of their homes and how can you contain Covid when you don't have a home, it's just such a snowball of effects and they always say they're working on
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it, but I'm like wondering you actually going to give us something?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Like what constitutes work? Because I mean the president was like what? Up until what like april or so he was like it's a hoax like perfect thank you so much. Meanwhile people are dropping like flies and then we had like Herman cain just freaking died. And he like one of his last tweets with him talking about that rally where he was like a mask rule isn't going to be enforced because people are fed up. I'm like cool alright p dude like like it's not funny but I'm just kind of like what did you expect you
SPEAKER_R: Seriously?
SPEAKER_L: know? But these are the people that are presenting themselves as authority figures and are you know, are supposedly in charge or supposedly know better and you know, now we have all these people blindly following them and it's like okay, but you know, I really wish you guys would do more research on your own because this is not the way to go,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I it's hard with the misinformation
SPEAKER_L: is it?
SPEAKER_R: like you said, because you know, we don't have all the answers immediately, like the science changes, hypotheses changes, you know, like at first we didn't think we would need masks and now masks are acceptable, so you still have people focusing on things we said in april that aren't true now because you know knowledge changes and you would think that they would be more flexible and how they're handling it, but it's honestly insane.
SPEAKER_L: It's most situations I think where people kind of,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: they receive what they want to, you know, and so they all they'll take something that was sad, even if it was in fact, you know, like there's people that still believe Pizza Gate, there's people that still, you know what I mean? Like it's it's kind of a net situation where it's like there's so much out there online that it's really easy to find somebody that matches what you believe no matter how far fetched it is and you know, then you can kind of just latch onto them or align with them and have them come back you up or whatever. If you're fighting on twitter or whatever, you know, it makes for a really difficult conversation if it's a conversation at all, you know, because
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: most people don't really want to listen to opposing viewpoints, especially if it means restricting what they consider to be their freedom further. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: The concept of freedom, like when in the terms that people use it like that, honestly kind of baffled me, I'm not saying that we're like we have no freedom at all because we are you know, still fortunate even if the world is kind of crazy, but like what freedoms are you specifically talking about? You're only talking about like entering a store without a mask
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and they
SPEAKER_L: Fine.
SPEAKER_R: are like they're taking away all of our freedoms and like what, like, you know what I'm saying, like what
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: Tina freedoms do you have and
SPEAKER_L: But the payment cracks me up, Is that even if we were to look at like it's my constitutional right and all this other crap. Okay? However, if you're walking into a store, that's a private establishment, it's private property. It's not government property. Therefore, they technically set the rules. We can we can disagree with the rules and there are some rules that are still mandated by the government, like you're not allowed to discriminate based on race and all that kind of stuff. But when it comes to mask wearing for safety precautions, that is something just like I'm like, I didn't see any of you people protesting when it was like people have this signs up like at 7 11, like no shirt, no shoes, no service, you know? So I'm like, okay, so you agree that your chest should be covered and your feet should be covered, but it's upsetting to you to have a mask on that could potentially protect you as well as other people.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm like, there's there's no difference as far as the requirements being, you know, a public establishment enforcing it and it being something that you need to wear in order to enter the establishment, just like fancy restaurants want men to wear sports jacket or women to you know, not wearing athletic shoes, all that kind of stuff. It's the same mentality, but it's just like this is what they want to fight on. And I'm like, I don't understand why this is your fight.
SPEAKER_R: I know. And it's just like um back when there were like bakeries who wouldn't make cakes for LGBT couples and those were the same people being like, well that's their business policy, that's all they want to treat. Okay, well, if you don't want to wear a mess, you don't have to go to that store. Thank
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: if I don't understand like that, it's like that disconnect, you know? No, it applies to me. So now it's not fair, you know? Like that's not how it works. You know, like they're the same people that want to say all lives matter. I'm like, okay, but then all lives are supposed to be treated equally correct.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So if you agree that the person in the store next to you has a life that matters, you should wear a mask.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Or if you feel like the person doesn't have to serve somebody who's gay, then they also don't have to serve somebody who's not wearing a mask. You know, it's like you can't have it both ways. You know? Honestly, I feel like anybody that doesn't want to make a cake for a gay couple, I don't want them making my cake anyway because it's probably nasty, but like you know what I'm saying, like I just
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: feel like
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: if it's a private business and you want to uphold the rights of private businesses to operate however they see fit, then you have to take the mask policy for what it is. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like United States citizens are so individualists
SPEAKER_L: Mom.
SPEAKER_R: and I feel like other countries are so much more like they feel like they're more part of a group and they're more considerate of other people.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: It would just be interesting to see how other people are treating this. Like if we could just go live in europe and see if people are just less of assholes there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well yeah, I mean one of the things, I think, you know, I'm sure that you deal with it in Pittsburgh as well because Pittsburgh is a fairly populated city and I know I deal with it in new york,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I think a lot of the cities in europe, even a lot of the major ones, there's still better spaced out, you know? And so it's a little bit easier I think, to maintain social distancing even like I mean I've been overseas quite a few times and it's like, it doesn't have like that sardine mentality that new york has where everybody is kind of like clustered together all the time. And so I think in that respect it's just easier across the board. You know, if you still have your moments like London is kind of a shit storm. But um in general, it's like there's a level of decorum, a level of politeness that we want. We don't really mess within me. I hate to say that, but it's honestly, it's the truth and you know, tourists honestly make it worse a lot of the time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I believe it.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's like my mother used to call them speed bumps because they would literally just like stand in the middle of the street, like just kind of talking and everything. And I understand it because you know, if you're not from a city like this, it's a bit overwhelming and it's kind of like you have to take it in but when you're doing that in the middle of rush hour and people are like walking and trying to get to their places like you know, that's really all you are is a freaking speed bump because we're going to trample over you. That's just how we do in new york, but that's like that close contact like the subways. Um Normally like I mean now I don't ride them at all during this point in time because I'm just like I don't trust it um
SPEAKER_R: want to drive for you,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But um normally like you're packed in so tightly like you squeeze in, people will like hold doors open and shove themselves and even though there's no more room, it's really the only way that like you ever get any kind of like decent social distancing on the subways if somebody throws up, so, you know. Yeah, but um it's just so it's harder in general and I understand that, you know, europe, I think because they're a little bit more spaced out there, they've already been a bit more environmentally conscious, a lot of them, like, you know, like in Amsterdam, they have like a whole thing where a lot of people just ride bikes instead, like there's designated bike lanes across, you know, different cities and um they have a more bike parking, like now
SPEAKER_R: you have.
SPEAKER_L: we're starting to do that like in New york city bike and stuff, but that's even, it's a shared bike service. So now with Covid, it's again like you really want to do that, you know? But I think it's just kind of, you know, if you're writing your own individual bike versus like cramming yourself onto a subway with 100 different people, you know, all coughing and whatever, you know, it's easier to kind of contain it. And I think even Italy has shown that they've been able to contain it better
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Mexico, I mean they're
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: doing better and they've been having protests in Mexico recently anyways and people have been congregating, but they've all been wearing masks, they've all been like distancing themselves certain part, which is, it's been amazing to see it's upsetting what's happening over there, but because what they're protesting is femicide, like there's been such a huge influx of um of murder cases happening where women are being targeted, not just women, but also young girls and as young as I think the youngest case they had was one year old And the oldest cases like 95, so it really trying to um because it's not really being treated as a problem by the law enforcement over there. So they've been like these incredible protests. Um It's been really kind of moving to watch it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I need to look into that more, I haven't really heard much about that at all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not even just the fact that there's such an alarming rate of femicide happening there, but it's also the fact that the way in which is being treated by law enforcement and the media, there was a case with a woman that was particularly disturbing. Um I believe her name was Isabel and she was killed by this guy and he basically just she not to get too graphic but he just like he mutilated her like he tried to cover it up and they found like skin and blood in his house like all of it. But the thing the thing that was hard, the most horrifying about it was she was dismembered. They the mexican press published photos of her dismembered body on the front page of the paper.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's such an invasion of privacy, that is just terrible.
SPEAKER_L: What it's like even just thinking about her family, her friends, you know, because you can't avoid it if it's on the front page, you know? So it's like, what, what were you all thinking, you know?
SPEAKER_R: What's that gonna do besides evoke more fear and maybe like inspire the creeps out there and show that you can get away with it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was just so it was so disturbing to see like the lack of respect paid to her, you know, and her family and friends. And it was just like, it's part of a pattern over there. They're very they have a lot of sensationalist journalism, I mean, as we do here as well, but over there there's like, it's it's kind of like even with like celebrities and stuff over there, like they're paparazzi and stuff. It's kind of similar to the way that it was here maybe about a decade and a half ago, where
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: there really were no rules, no restrictions and it was kind of a free for all. And it's scary to watch it, you know, because, you know, you already know that, I mean, you've seen what happens here with certain people, you know, and how it affects certain people's psyches, but
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna happen over there too, and I don't know if it's going to be as quickly regulated over here, we still have so many issues with it, but I
SPEAKER_R: who?
SPEAKER_L: feel like partially it's calmed down just as far, like, you know, not shoving the cameras directly in somebody's face and just, you know, screaming at them constantly, but it's just, it's scary to watch it happen again, it's like Princess Diana levels, you know, like the way they treated her when she, when the car crashed and they were standing over her taking pictures instead of helping her, you know, like, it's that kind of a thing and it's like, it happens with victims as well. It's not even just limited to celebrities now. So I'm like kind of, I'm paying attention to what's going on over there because it's disturbing to me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I need to look into that. That's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's I mean it's been really mm it's been eye opening in a bad way, you know? Yeah, but I mean there's also people that are doing a lot of really good things over there and I kind of try to focus on that, you know, I have, I love um spanish media spanish tv so I pay attention to a lot of like the celebrities and stuff over there. That's why it's kind of been on my radar and um there's like this one and this is one of my favorites and she um she went viral like on twitter not too long ago because she had posted like, it was like this old Youtube video, but somebody found it and it's like her, let's start cooking and making this recipe for this mexican dish enchiladas. But it was like, it looked really terrible, it just looks horrible. But he was like, what are you doing? Like, what's wrong with you? Like, so it's like retreating this clip from this video? And so she, you know, I mean, some of the, some people could get really irritated by that or whatever. She was just like,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, no, that was horrible,
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: 1,000%, but she took that time that she was going viral and everybody was like watching her page and she retreated herself laughing, you know? But she took that time and she actually went through, like, she told um she put a call out to independent, like small mexican businesses. She's based in Mexico and she was like tweet me your information so that I can boost you while I'm mom going viral. Let's make use of this because I know what really suffering during, you know, during this time people can't come shot by you, but at least they can order online
SPEAKER_R: jab.
SPEAKER_L: and stuff. So she re posting and um read ramming everybody's stuff and promoting them boosting them. And then she also started a campaign to encourage people in Mexico to stay at home. And what she did was she was like, okay, if you're going to stay home, like what do you need, what do your kids need, what are you running low on? And she was like taking money out of her own pocket and just sending them supplies and have both throughout like some of the major cities in Mexico, she was hiring people
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: to travel out and just deliver like supply boxes and care packages and stuff to people to make sure that they had enough food and diapers and stuff with their kids, which I thought was really an amazing use of your platform, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that is a great way to make a difference. Like directly help people.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Over here, Britney Spears was doing the same thing. She was hitting people up like she was damning people like, what do you guys need? I saw what I saw you were treating that, you know, if you're having trouble getting stuff for your kids, what's up what you need? Let me know, I'll send you stuff like, and it's really that part of it kind of has made a lot of the whole covid situation, not like this, I don't want to call it a silver lining, but it's kind of been comforting to see that there are people that are stepping up and really showing care and concern. Kind of like a, like a contrast to the people that are being assholes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You really see like the goodness of the good and the worst of the worst. So
SPEAKER_L: 1000%. That's right,
SPEAKER_R: probably we hit our half hour very quickly. It was
SPEAKER_L: awful.
SPEAKER_R: nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm open to you, too.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you stay safe and
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: your time we'll have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you to good
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: luck in school.
SPEAKER_R: for thank you. It will be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Well, please. Hi.