so
I just close my door quick, okay,
how are you?
Good,
my name's Maya, what's your name?
Nice to meet you.
Have you done any of these before?
All
Oh, that's a bummer. Yeah, this is my third time doing them, so I feel like they're kind of getting less and less awkward as time goes on.
Yeah, um where are you from?
Oh, fun. I
live in, I'm in Pittsburgh, P. A.
I've never been to new york, but I really want to go sometime.
Yeah, I've seen like a lot of um like apartment tours and stuff, they always come up on my like youtube feed and those are fun, but the rents are insane for what
the place is really are.
Hey.
wow. Yeah,
our rent is like 600 or so a month, so
yeah, what do you do?
that's interesting.
I'm a college student, so I go to the University of Pittsburgh,
I'm studying neuroscience and psychology, so um that's been really changed too because of covid like we had the campus and um do classes online and research is getting interrupted and all that. So
now um like people are returning to campus and they're doing like a 14 day stay at home order um that we just have to self report, but a lot of students are still like partying and I don't think it's actually going to work how they plan it, so.
It's incredibly scary.
all
One thing that a lot of people overlook too is like we don't know the long term effects of it because
you know, to enough time hasn't really passed, so you don't know like if your lungs are just going to be in really bad condition for the next Better part of your life, you know? It's
really scary to me and people always just throw around that like 1% death rate, you know? But I think even if you're not dying from it, it could still have like very harsh consequences. So.
Well.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. That's terrible.
now does this heartbreaking?
Thanks.
I
know
more.
What?
Yeah. And it's especially if it's someone that like if you're in the same store or something because it is a personal attack against you and your health and everyone around you, it's just such an unnecessary risk.
What?
You know.
I know, I remember you probably you might have seen this story, but if some woman was like going around like licking food and like she damaged like a crap ton of products from this like small owned grocery store and I think they charged her with something like definition of property or something like that and they should have because she just ruined a lot of product and like completely right store.
terrible.
Yeah, because you, even if you don't have a covid back then you still are just transmitting so many germs and it's
terrible.
I don't understand why they're so defiant about like just staying alive and people are like the government is just trying to control you. And I'm like, well that's the point of the government is to kind of provide order and keep citizens safe and use because that are good. I mean there's obviously problems within that, but this one like it's just common sense to wear a mask. I don't understand
why you need it so much. Yeah. I mean no enjoys it, but you do it because you're just a decent person who cares about other people.
No.
Yeah. That is a that I used to work in retail and like creepy older men would always be like, you need to smile and you know, it's kind of nice that you can hide your face a little bit and not have to like walking or walk around looking so like friendly all the time. If you're just in a bad and you can just hide yourself. Yeah.
That is
crazy. I don't understand why men feel the need to tell us to smile all the time.
Yeah. I think it's all
about control too. Like they just want to just tell you what to do because
they, and then you get scared and sometimes you'll comply because you don't want to get hurt.
And always look pretty and great.
Thank
you.
Oh, that's fun.
Yeah. I mean, I've watched videos of people and something like if you're gonna be wearing them for the next probably like year or so. I mean, hopefully less than that. But you might as well make it like part of your outfit, you know,
because if you want to look like make it your own personal style, you might as well jazz it up a little bit. It
like this, this meets the mark. It was not pretty boring ones. But so I need to step up my mass game. But Oh
that's true. Yeah.
that's a good point.
Students, We were in that one. How do you feel about um like schools trying to reopen and all that?
Yeah, I agree that constitute and I agree.
What?
Well
or
Great idea. And
then you
have to think about like it's not just the kids, the kids are going to go home to their parents and their siblings and see
Well
from
kid
No.
Well I
don't know.
It's
and
yeah and then you already have kids that are so defiant to begin with but they're not going to comply at all.
I
Yeah and they shouldn't when they're like eight years old, they just want to have fun and play and yeah, my boyfriend's mom is a teacher, her special education students and she, this is going to be her last year before retirement and she's considering just quitting um altogether because she actually teaches in Ohio and their restrictions are a lot less um strict than pennsylvania. So I was like, you should just quit. It's not worth risking you and your health, your older and kids
people's
right. I'm not sure like how it would affect her financially with like pension and all that, but it's sad that like you kind of have to make those decisions you want to talk about for a year or
Mhm.
That.
I
percent
Yeah, because you have the leader, like at least like even if they're not the direct leaders making action, you have the symbols of people that denying it saying it's not gonna be a big deal and you have like the care packages ending and eviction notices are going to become legal again and people are getting kicked out of their homes and how can you contain Covid when you don't have a home, it's just such a snowball of effects and they always say they're working on
it, but I'm like wondering you actually going to give us something?
Seriously?
Yeah and I it's hard with the misinformation
like you said, because you know, we don't have all the answers immediately, like the science changes, hypotheses changes, you know, like at first we didn't think we would need masks and now masks are acceptable, so you still have people focusing on things we said in april that aren't true now because you know knowledge changes and you would think that they would be more flexible and how they're handling it, but it's honestly insane.
And
And
The concept of freedom, like when in the terms that people use it like that, honestly kind of baffled me, I'm not saying that we're like we have no freedom at all because we are you know, still fortunate even if the world is kind of crazy, but like what freedoms are you specifically talking about? You're only talking about like entering a store without a mask
and they
are like they're taking away all of our freedoms and like what, like, you know what I'm saying, like what
Tina freedoms do you have and
What?
I know. And it's just like um back when there were like bakeries who wouldn't make cakes for LGBT couples and those were the same people being like, well that's their business policy, that's all they want to treat. Okay, well, if you don't want to wear a mess, you don't have to go to that store. Thank
you.
Yeah. So if you agree that the person in the store next to you has a life that matters, you should wear a mask.
No,
I agree.
I feel like United States citizens are so individualists
and I feel like other countries are so much more like they feel like they're more part of a group and they're more considerate of other people.
It would just be interesting to see how other people are treating this. Like if we could just go live in europe and see if people are just less of assholes there.
What?
Oh, I believe it.
want to drive for you,
you have.
but
well,
Yeah, I need to look into that more, I haven't really heard much about that at all.
Mhm. That's such an invasion of privacy, that is just terrible.
What's that gonna do besides evoke more fear and maybe like inspire the creeps out there and show that you can get away with it? Yeah.
Well
one.
who?
Yeah I need to look into that. That's terrible.
it's
hurt.
jab.
well
Yeah that is a great way to make a difference. Like directly help people.
Yeah. You really see like the goodness of the good and the worst of the worst. So
probably we hit our half hour very quickly. It was
nice to talk to you.
I hope you stay safe and
your time we'll have a good day.
Thanks
for thank you. It will be interesting.