Oh, we still have to add the fragrance oil for this. I've never used the enchanted forest, but I love to watch on their website. It looks like a beautiful stage rain. OMG olive is the fragrance of the day. Pretty sure this is a lush. Do as you can tell. I always do my research before I begin video episodio, which is strange because I said thanks. But because stuff being shut down for me like, you know, because sometimes games, music and I said like they like they should be there because I'm playing news with any game. That's stupid. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Oh, what exactly? Okay. Okay. Why are you here? You know, you won't hurt right? Yeah, Yeah. Zachary sitting by the heated written bedrooms, these coins so you can feel warmer foot pants. I'm going to have a call at seven o'clock. I missed the 33 o'clock one because I was so out of it with Nikki and everything or no, it was saturday night fell asleep. So I asked him to do another one. So now it's at seven o'clock today, So I'll be doing a call for about 20 minutes and it's just basically a normal call. You're supposed to just talk to them. Like normally I told you I fell asleep on one on saturday. No, I forgot you were doing it saturday. Yeah, I forgot to citizen on my arm. So I'll do it tomorrow with the top 10 Thursday. Two ways to get our groceries tomorrow. We'll see how much we should see how much your groceries we did. Yeah. And if we get everything for the lime muddy buddies that I'm making, which is why I need that stuff muddy buddies. Have you ever tried the many buddies? The chocolate and peanut butter are in this one. It's just lime with white chocolate instead of peanut butter and chocolate. That's a good one. I've had the recipe for a while and I told you why I wanted to try it, but we've never tried it and since the boys were here and they can help me to make it, we decided we do it tomorrow. When it gets here, yep, when it gets here, as long as we get everything for it. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I think I have to get Turkey foreigners, anyone soon and see where the bullets were. Yeah, that's well that's whatever caveat ongoing. Way better than that. 46" of rain tonight types of clowns son were passing shower tonight. I'm sorry. Would I'm sorry what? I'm sorry what? I'm sorry. What? Oh Zachary. Right. Good night forecast for here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, treating forward what was said? Wait people, she might be the white. Yeah, yeah, sure. I don't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah here However starting Friday 64 63 60 - 61. Oh not you? Okay good good decorations up a little cool tomorrow. 60s on the weekend and then uh and then kind of back to normal. Mhm. Yes so it's just burning in the league so if you have uh he's been Me too. I know you are more buying. No. Yes because you can actually feel yes. Mhm. You'll be uncomfortable but it won't be I'm freezing and constantly. Yeah Because even the house of 68 it won't feel it's not going to feel like 60 but it won't feel freezing to you. Especially if you drive right. Haven't said just right. Mhm. Right. I'm not actually the order for the equity things got cancelled. They weren't what I think it could be sensors. Okay I'm okay with that because what there's nothing in it. um Anyway, yeah, they didn't have the sense that they were a stock after placing orders so I'm not worried about it. I think setting the focus that downward to kind of works, I just adjust that it's fine. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh no. Yeah. Mhm. Wait, what, who's brown excesses? Three? What is freeze the people of? Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Wait. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People. Uh huh. Okay. First. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Excuse me. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Pick. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Come on. Yeah. Oh shoot. I gotta attach my headset. What was I thinking? Uh huh. Yeah, I'll give you do you have any power life? Yeah, I didn't. Yeah. But what are you connected to? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. It's okay. Yeah. Oh okay. Okay. It's connected to that. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. He yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Just mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. But yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you should come in any minute? Oh here they come. Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah.
Well now I can hear you.
You're what
I'm managing. Yeah. There
was a bit
of an echo. Well
let me I'm gonna explain a little bit about me because I have to lay down right now because I have a severe pain condition that actually affects my body and because it's getting colder it's getting much worse for me. So you might hear me go out every now and then because,
Yeah it kind of sucks but can't do much about it. Okay.
it's
called
sorry
it's called complex regional pain syndrome. And
it's known as C. R. P. S. If there's two types of it. One is where they know exactly what caused your problem to start up and two is the one that they don't know and so I have I have type two even though they do know what caused mine. They just don't want to say it. Yeah.
Well it's because in a way they're trying to protect the doctor who ended up giving it to me doctors.
it could
be if they would if they would acknowledge it yeah it could be if they would acknowledge it but none of them will acknowledge it. So I'm kind of stuck.
It is but you know I've never seen the doctor again and I have no intention of ever seeing him again, so But here I am, I've been dealing with it since 1996 is when it kicked in. What
do
they
do now with
crp s? It is literally the worst pain condition out there. It is also the rarest and has the highest suicide rate of any of the pain conditions. So it is the most painful that they've ever found.
For me, it is literally from the lower part of my back, all the way down to my toes. And what it is is it's basically your nerve system of
the
affected
area, has completely dislocated from your brain and is constantly sending pain signals.
Exactly like even walking from here to the bathroom is extremely painful. And in the winter in the cold it gets much worse because because it's affected by heat and cold. So when it gets caught I feel sick. But when it gets cold I heard so much worse that I literally just can't get out of bed and
I'm on pain management. But it's not enough to where it makes it so I can function. And they haven't been able to find anything that can make this better for a person because all they can do is manage it to a point where they can see you
getting
around a little bit because without pain management I guarantee I wouldn't be walking at all. Um but
the pain management is literally, hey, I'm on the fentaNYL patch, um a nerve medicine and must relax her. That helps prevent spasms because my muscles constantly spasm now. And so I'm on those different types of medicines and it only gets it enough to where I'm able to function. But in the summer, as long as it's not too hot out here, I can walk around the block, that's all I can manage. But I can walk around the block, baby,
baby.
I wish I'm in Maryland, so it gets
snow.
goes both hot and cold. So, but I also grew up in Utah where my sister who has this actually is
one of my siblings do. Yes, I'm the youngest of six and only one of us has one other than me has gotten it and she got it first. So that's how I knew exactly what I had okay because I was with her when hers kicked in hers kicked in after she got run over by a car. Yeah.
Mhm. It is a trigger, basically a new trauma causes it and then it can literally go anywhere over your body if you've had another trauma. So with her she got ran over from her foot to her chest area. So it
it's this crazy story but she um she got that, so it's literally throughout her whole body And it's actually affecting her heart to where she's got 190 beats per minute,
which is way, way high. So her heart's already given out twice and luckily we were able to revive her. But now it's just a waiting game because one day we won't be able to revive her.
And
and then
once
once it once it happens to her, I'm going to go after the guy who ran her over because he He got the short end of the stick, she has to deal with this for the rest of her life. But he got the short end of the stick because he got 45 days in jail for it and didn't have to pay restitution only had to pay her medical bills,
yep. And he did
it because
he knew he, he knew how to play the system because he had just graduated from law school. Yeah. And they let him take the bar after he had done this. Yeah. Yeah.
So when she dies, I'm going to petition the government in Utah and our, our top dogs for getting him for murder because his actions will have caused her death.
Mhm. She has two small Children. She has, when it happened, she had two small Children there now 16 and 14. And they have to take care of their mom rather than the other way around.
They've had to grow up way too soon. And I feel bad for them 60 anyway,
let's
anything on your end.
I actually have, I, I actually want to spread the word of this because you know C. R. P. S. Isn't fairly known. So I actually created a Youtube channel called Living With CRP. S. And weight loss because I'm actively working on weight loss too. So I have to combine the two. But I've been basically mostly updating about my condition and letting people know exactly how it is for people with my condition. So I've been trying to get the information out there because as I said it only it really only affects about 200,000 people in this entire world. It is a very small number. But
unless
you know someone with it you're not going to know how to react to it and
and you won't see it. That's the thing. You don't see what's causing us the problem. It's all inside our body but we literally can't handle things.
well
What?
No
you
know.
it,
yeah and when you go out on the field you'll be able to know that it's this for someone and you know because you'll be one step ahead of the others
most of my doctors I've pretty much had to teach about it because you know only my neurologist knew about it.
But
Yeah but to tell you the truth I went to three neurologists before I got it diagnosed the first one. But I had fibromyalgia. But the thing is is crp. S. Is in the nerves not in the joints. So when he sent me to the fibromyalgia doctor he took one look at me and said this isn't fibromyalgia. And I said I know I believe it's crp s because I I think you're right. And so I took that information back to my doctor, my neurologist, and he said, well he's not a neurologist, he doesn't know what he's talking about. And so he sent me to another neurologist, believe it or not, and that one messed with my pain management and because he had told me they had their own pain management and he wanted me to go to there so they could talk back and forth and find the best solution for me. Well what he didn't tell me was he wanted to stick something in my back and that's what started this and there is no way anybody's touching my back ever again because I can't trust it. Um And
so and so I didn't continue with that place and wanted to go back to my old one, and they kept telling me that that place had to state that I was not a patient with them, but they didn't do it unless you were a patient. And I'm like so I have finally had to get my old one to agree for my doctor to write them to stay. I am not in there. I am not in that weather ones pain management before I could
go back and I was out a whole month. Right? So now I'm going to tell you something you won't find in the books. Okay? So Benadryl actually helps take the burning away from CRP S people. Not all the time but a good amount of the time. It takes the burning away. And so it can also help you diagnose someone with the RPS. So when you see the symptoms and you see it might fit. Tell them to take some Benadryl and see if it takes the burning away. And if it does it's C. R. P. S. Because it only works with crp s. They don't know why no one's done a study on it. But it does. I mean
when
my
pink
well I only feel the burning like in the winter when it's really kicked up in the summer spring and fall and stuff. It's usually gone.
So I get a big reprieve from it for there but I don't from the pain. The pain will still always be there. But the burning ads on so much it
adds
on weakness. It adds on a lot of things. And so it really helps to alleviate that. And my doses at 50 mg that that works for me but it may work differently for others. So have them do it at 25 increments and see which one stops it for them. And then which one manages it because I got to 75 mg to stop it for the first initial and then I tried 50 mg and it just every day I do 50 mg. It keeps it away except for in the winter. Mhm.
You know?
I
no hers are exactly the same. Yeah.
So I'm glad I'm able to help with the medical community because you know they need to know about it because even
though you
might come around against one person who has it in your whole time, you still need to know what's going on and how to treat it.
No,
the
police.
of course. Yeah.
Hell
we
hope
for
Or a new
one who pops up mom
because
they,
they only say
They only say about 200,000 because they don't know exactly how many people are out there with it.
No the fibromyalgia is in the joints and causes problems with other things. This is literally the skin when they when you touch the skin it sense makes them literally jump with pain. Oh and
the way my my new night neurologist diagnosed me is he asked me my symptoms of course I told him that and then he took the I don't
know what it's called, that thing. You you tap their reflexes for the metal.
Think okay hammer. And
he yeah he touched it to my hand and asked me how it felt. It felt cold but nothing out of the ordinary touched it to my leg and asked me how it felt. It was like night and day. It was like ice. Yeah.
Mhm. And I told him that and he sat back and he goes I think you know what you have and I said yes but I'd like to hear it from you. I swear when he said crp s I nearly cried because I have been fighting for three years at that point to get the
sometimes it's harder for people to get diagnosed even longer than that. I was lucky because most don't get their diagnosis that fast. Well, okay.
Which is which is sad because there's still people out there who, most likely, as you said, are misdiagnosed.
What
what?
find
an actual
one
who has knowledge did in it. And I was lucky to find the one who has knowledge. Din it
because,
you
know, he's like 80 years old, I swear. But he's an awesome doctor. And
you
can tell
he's
not
you can tell he's not in it for the money. He's in it to really take care of the patient.
Yeah. He says not to change anything. Even with my pain management. Don't lower any meds. So I stick with what he says.
yeah. That's my cat wheatley.
Let
me let me turn him a little bit. You can see him better.
Yeah, I know. Right. Really? Hi baby boy. Yes, thank you. You don't like being the center of attention,
When the boys are, when my step sons are in the room, he usually holds, it's not that he doesn't like them, it's that he doesn't like too many people around and he's always the center of attention at that point. But it's really cute when he wants attention. He'll come and back my hand with this park.
He's soft to oh my gosh. So soft. I brushed them. Of course. I have a hand one where you put your hand in the glove and then brush them. Yeah. So he always stays very soft.
Um, I don't know. I haven't heard him saying
no.
That's the
boys. What you're hearing is my step sons in their room, which is just across the hall. The yelling. What?
It's all good. Yeah.
But you don't
come to
forget it? No. Actually, this is the first time
for
me.
I've been trying to get this part of the study for a while because I tried first on, I think it was like a week ago and my partner never showed and then I, I don't control when my medicine makes me fall asleep. And so I fell asleep before three o'clock and never woke up on saturday at three o'clock. So I missed that one. And I messaged them and told him my situation and I'm like, can I try again? And so I got this one,
you
know?
Yeah. I just messaged them. I didn't realize I could do that with that. But I just messaged him and said, I'm sorry. I did this because I have this. I mean, I didn't tell them the pain condition. I have. I just told him I have a pain condition and my medicine made me fall asleep and I missed my thing. So I'd like to try again and they just sent me another link to try again. So here we are.
Thanks.
I
know.
I
didn't
I'm
maybe
meant for maybe it was meant for us so I could hate teach you something. So, is there a specific field you're going into or just general
practice?
general
all over.
I
happen.
We're eight. Wait,
Wait,
by
I I I understand.
I mean, I wanted to be a lawyer when I was a kid and I could have been if my mom would have let me skip a few years ahead because I had 100 and 50 I. Q. In 12th grade and sixth grade milieu. And so by the time I got to high school I was extremely bored because she didn't let me skip grades and they didn't challenge me. Therefore you could spend the entire week out, go on friday and do everything in one day. Like literally all my homework and everything. Yeah.
Thank
you.
She told me it was because she thought my siblings would get jealous because I was the youngest. But if she would have asked them they would have told her letter. Really?
So
yeah so she I think it was really that she was more jealous of the fact that I was smarter than her and that she couldn't handle it because honestly, she she wasn't the best mom in the world to be honest. Um she was actually very abusive to us and did a lot of things and allowed
a lot of things to happen to us because
of that. So there's a lot of trauma I'm working through mentally recently, so it's
I
mean, I'll
never get yeah, I'll never get the answer why, because she's passed on. But even when we tried, but even when we tried to get the answer why from her, she said it was the only way she could handle those kids. Like No, that wasn't. Mhm.
Thanks.
I think what it was and my first therapist kind of helped me figure this out is that my stepfather was actually the catalyst because my mother, I asked my older sister who was is seven years older than me if because because then she'd have a memory at the time, at the time that it happened. I did I wouldn't have had the memories fully. And she asked, I asked her what was
my longer abusive to you before George and she said no and then my mom stopped being abusive once George was out of the picture. And so I realized
he was the catalyst. Had he not been in her life, it would have never have happened. Yeah.
Mhm.
But
that still doesn't excuse her from helping him.
So
I got at least that part of the answer. But I still don't know her part of why she helped him because she didn't have to help him. He was bad enough on his own. Well yeah because you know what happened in Vietnam? He was a Vietnam vet and he was hit with Agent Orange. And so Agent Orange started driving him fat crazy. Like literally crazy. And so he punished us like we were basically um either in the military or someone, he was supposed to be interrogating, which means the water boring. They
didn't
did waterboarding and then they made us hold the heaviest stack of books in our arms uh kneeling on a concrete her earth for hours. And if we dropped it, our time would start again.
no,
that was a punishment.
That was a punishment
you
And it
started for me when I was five and ended when I was eight.
Thank you.
I
get
it.
I can
attest
to that. Yeah.
I'll
ask them to
do.
I watched them too. Yeah,
I don't care.
I can't even imagine actually having someone in your life who did it. Yeah.
Trust
me,
it's
it
was horrifying. That's
what it was like. I mean, because of that, I was never a normal kid. Um Like by the time I got to high school, my knees were so damaged from having to hold those books that I had to embrace is on both of my knees and use the elevator in my school. Because I couldn't use the stairs keep going. I had to do weight lifting for PE because I couldn't do any other normal stuff. I couldn't run. I couldn't do any of that. It
was literally horrible.
We
don't know. How long are we supposed to be doing
this? I think we might have gone over. Is it 30
minutes or 20? Oh,
little over. But I enjoy talking to you.
You're welcome. I mean if I can do any good in this world for myself, for this world, I'll do it.
I mean I'm the person who used to um when they could maneuver and walk around and stuff and actually work a job, I would literally give money to the homeless, I would go by the meals, everything I could do to help them Because when I was 16 I spent one night in a homeless shelter because of the bus system. Um And so I spent that one
night but they had me secluded from everyone else. I never saw anyone, but just that feeling of being in there. B plus I'm an empath and just feeling all those feelings of hopelessness and desperation and stuff. Yeah, that changed me completely. And so
I would do anything I can for the homeless and other people. Um So if I can help anyone through helping someone helping you understand some things, Hey, great. You know,
so
I try
to,
Yeah. As the disturbed song says, says I'd rather die than change.
It's me, it's me. People have to either like me or not. I don't care. Yeah.
And they
said, well, not my first video chat by my first video thing on here with them. So I haven't done this thing video chatted with some friends and stuff. So I'm used to the video chat part. Yeah,
It's
Yeah. I plan to. All right.
And I hope
you have
good ones too. Bye.
Youtube.