SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Hi, I can't hear you. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_R: you hear you? You can't hear me or you can.
SPEAKER_L: now? I can hear you okay
SPEAKER_R: Well how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah where are you at?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in texas just outside of Houston in a place called new Caney.
SPEAKER_R: All? Right I'm in florida.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Just teasing you.
SPEAKER_R: All true.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah sometimes sometimes sometimes you're cutting out, the voice is cutting out on you,
SPEAKER_R: Well I that's strange. Right. Um My connection is good. How's yours?
SPEAKER_L: my connection is fine. It's just uh sometimes you're talking and then I lose your
SPEAKER_R: Mm Maybe I'll try sitting in a different room. That might help.
SPEAKER_L: okay. If not
SPEAKER_R: Let's try
SPEAKER_L: I can teach
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: sign language. My oldest brother's death. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know? I wish my husband and I say all the time we wish that we knew sign language because then when you're around people and you want to be like let's get out of this party you know you could design that would be helpful. Um I'm just gonna bring my mask. I'm expecting the the bug guy to come by and I have to have a mask on when he gets here.
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: So just
SPEAKER_L: she's trying to horn in the conversation here. So that's my my female dog, I'm gonna have to put her down here in about a month or two. She's not doing too good,
SPEAKER_R: I have an old dog. To what kind of dog do you have?
SPEAKER_L: she's a Whippet. She's right here.
SPEAKER_R: I am an italian greyhound.
SPEAKER_L: They're really similar
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God that is too crazy. And she's on she was just on my lap to I'll go um and she's so old she's almost 17 so I have to carry everywhere, I'll be right back.
SPEAKER_L: girl. See somebody else is a sick dog to maybe she's going to sit doggy too. Okay. Oh yes they're gonna take over the conversation, you know take over the conversation. But well all of this attention you're gonna have to do when she comes back. You can't stand on my lap, honey. You're too heavy for that. You're not a lapdog. You are not a lap dog.
SPEAKER_R: Oh she's perfect and look morgan. The gentleman I'm speaking with has a Whippet,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: How old is yours?
SPEAKER_L: She's 13 going on 14. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's great.
SPEAKER_L: she's got
SPEAKER_R: mine's gonna be 17 And september
SPEAKER_L: she's got cataracts. She's gotten to the point where she's doing the wobbly thing. She falls over backwards sometimes when she use the restroom. It's really sad. It's breaking my heart.
SPEAKER_R: Heartbreaking, horrible, horrible. I know I'm going through it too and I just keep saying in this coronavirus she's got to hang in there with me because I won't make it without her. I could cry just thinking about it, isn't it? Just host to had how did you get her? Where how long have you had her?
SPEAKER_L: wow. Get ready for this story. I went to the S. P. C. A. Almost 14 years ago and I got a little dog and it was a little catahoula shepherd and I got it and I brought it home and uh he started acting funny about four days later, took it to the vet. It had distemper and the vet recommended putting it down. And I mean I wept like uh well I mean you would have thought I had the dog for 100 years. But then uh so a week later I was like well damn I'm still going to go get a dog. And I told the S. P. C. A. The problem. They said No problem come pick up another one, no charge. Well I did it so I got her three days there so I don't know if you know what they do, but they take them and then they snip them or you know Neutering or spaying them, whichever the case may be. Three days later, I call back, can I come get my dog? We lost her. I was like excuse me when we can't find her, we don't know where she's at. I was like how do you lose a dog? I was like I'm like getting really frustrating that they're like well we're really sorry come and get another dog. So I did. And I got this guy here pharaoh, he's a shepherd lab attention hound mix, uh
SPEAKER_R: huh. Attention.
SPEAKER_L: got him, brought him home, I pulled into the driveway. They called me back and said we found other dogs,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So I wind up with two dogs. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so you took them both?
SPEAKER_L: well, it worked out good because they kind of, they grew up together and they were attempt, they were when I had to go to work, they were there for each other. So it made a lot easier for them because it's not like if they just left by themselves, were like, oh my God, where is everybody? Because you know, you know how they're they're pack animals? They they like to be with somebody. So it worked out good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah mines rescue to I can't um he's gonna walk in any minute. Um I can't imagine not rescuing a dog. Um It's just it's the right thing to do. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: it is, but it's uh it's tough because then, you know, you get attached to them then, you know, you got to go through okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right she's my first dog so I've never had to go through that and I mean I I just I lay in bed every night thinking about it and I just cried because it's just I can't imagine my life without her. I got her when she was like a year and a half old and she's gonna be 17. So I've had it for 15 years. I mean it's my longest relationship.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I mean uh it's funny you said that because I take it as a commitment relationship when I when I got these dogs I was working, I was making good money, you know, nothing even entered my mind. So I had him and then about seven years into it, I became disabled and wasn't able to work. And have they been puppies? I would have probably turned around and said, hey, somebody take these guys because anybody at seven though they've kind of become established together. I didn't want to be separated,
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: so I wind up keeping them. But now we've gone through some really difficult times. It went through hurricane Harvey, I lost my home, they had a big, Big backyard. So their life has been upheaval tube, we're living in a 16 ft trailer and uh you have to walk everywhere you go. They're not used to being walk, they used to be let out in the backyard. So anyway, so it's just just tough. It's like I said that, but after these guys are gone, I don't think I'm gonna do it again because I don't even know if I could outlive a dog because then I started thinking about that, what if I died if somebody took him and just said, you know, I really don't like dogs and they just chuck them out in the backyard. Well they live in the house and they sleep on the bed. They're like family and I don't want somebody to get them and treat them, not like families. So, So that disturbs disturbs my my thoughts at night and I'm like going, well if I ever, I'm 58 now and in bad health. So I don't think I want to get another one and then, you know, have a puppy in five years later, I die. And the dogs like, Hey, what the hell happened to the owner?
SPEAKER_R: The dog is like grieving like nothing else. You hear those horror stories of people that live alone Pass away. Don't get found for a few days and then the police come in and the dog is cuddled up you know licking the body trying to bring it back. It's like I hear those horror stories I could just cry. I think that's gonna be me.
SPEAKER_L: or even the worst ones when they're going and they're like chasing to the, the cemeteries. Have you seen those like other dogs sitting in our dogs in the church service? I'm going, oh my God, that would destroy me. You know, backed up. Anyway.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I know. Let's get off this negative.
SPEAKER_R: what did you used to do for work?
SPEAKER_L: I was in the swimming pool business. I got a four year college degree in order to work on swimming pool.
SPEAKER_R: We had, we just had a pool put in and it was a nightmare. Our contractors quit on us because we anyway, it was an absolute nightmare
SPEAKER_L: Well your nightmare is just started. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: issues like with the MArs site, they apparently like waited too long to MArs sites. So we have streaking and all kinds of stuff and there's no fixed in that. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Got re plaster it because you gotta be real careful pools to, we did one pool and then we had another guy come back come in and clean the pool. They weren't supposed to clean it because it left track marks because the gun that was still soft. So when they anyway, yeah. So we had to go back in and resurface it. That was not we were we were unhappy. The homeowners are unhappy.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: No. So it's it's it's
SPEAKER_R: Mind if I ask you a question. So we've got this issue that we thought was essentially pollen. But it was, but when we went and asked them at pinch a penny, they said no pollen would stay at the top if it's kind of on the walls. It's like an orangey yellow. And um
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: mustard
SPEAKER_R: said that
SPEAKER_L: algae. That's mustard algae. If it's on the side.
SPEAKER_R: about that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well, I think you've got to keep your chemicals just right. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, our chemicals are perfect. We get like the gold star when they test it.
SPEAKER_L: well, then you're probably gonna need an algae aside. It's your filters, all this stuff. That's why I said, your nightmare is just beginning. All this stuff comes into play. Your filtration system, your pop motor, and all that. If it's not circulating property, it doesn't matter if the chemicals are good or not. So, all this stuff is it's it's a very fine balancing act. And once you get it, you need to maintain it and there's therein lies the rub. You need to maintain it because if you let it go it can get out of control really bad really fast. And once once you get the algae is really really hard to get rid of it all you can get retarded. But you have to keep fighting it because it gets it gets in the pores, especially if it's a black algae. Uh That's like the kiss of death because it like grows roots and stuff so you can scrub and scrub and then it'll come back so you just have to keep keep your pool scrubbed. So yeah all this stuff yeah you're gonna need to be brushing the sides of the pool. You can't, everybody just thinks it's it's worse than along because long you kind of know you fertilize it and you're done. Well there's another thing when you fertilize, make sure you don't get any fertilizer in the pool because it will leave iron. If it's got iron in it, it'll leave like orange streaks at the body. Like it'll be like a pebble in the role
SPEAKER_R: People,
SPEAKER_L: and the like. Yeah. So yeah, I just I would suggest doing a lot of uh online videos, how to take care of. You pull one oh one all this stuff and follow it. Don't let it go because if you do you're then you're just you're already gonna be spending a lot of money for chemicals every month. So don't let it get bad. Right?
SPEAKER_R: so specifically for now on the mustard algae, you think that could be maybe a problem with the filtering system or something?
SPEAKER_L: Uh What kind of filter do you have? Is it uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of filter do we have on the pool? We're like dumb and dumber over here. Are you on the phone? I kind of hear him talking.
SPEAKER_L: What you kind of know what the what color of it is, is it a brown or is it silver looking or?
SPEAKER_R: Do you know what color the filter is? Is it brown or silver? Yeah. Yeah. 320 Something Cartridge Filter. Right.
SPEAKER_L: uh here's you got the worst filter system and valued available. and the reason
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: you probably got it is it was the cheapest. Uh It is the cheapest to put in and install but they're not the best because they're cartridge filters they come out and they're like little cylinders and they're really not meant for heavy duty outdoor swimming pools with lots of trees and pollen. And uh they don't really filter they're good for indoor pools. How's that? The best the best ones in my opinion. And I'm old school I like Diet automation server D. Filters because they
SPEAKER_R: The,
SPEAKER_L: fill trade out. Yeah they infiltrate out finer uh particles of stuff. So I go with those sand filters are okay but I like them and uh and I'm like a drier climate with not a whole lot of leaves and stuff. And cartridge filters. I absolutely detest them because they are just paper filters.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Whereas
SPEAKER_R: is that
SPEAKER_L: the D.
SPEAKER_R: something we can switch out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you can switch it out. That's uh but you know let's you're gonna have to find somebody to you have to buy the filter and then unless you want to do it yourself what you can do I mean it's just find some dy i how to do it or hire somebody to put it in. But yeah it can be done. But the thing is with the cart and here's why it was cheaper. It's not it's a standalone system. There's no you don't have to drain it anywhere whereas with a D. E. You have to have a outlet to drain it. So you have to have a hole in the ground where it drains out into the street or in the sewer. Because it when you backwash so you can't backwash with yours you have to actually pull the field drop spray them off and then when you do that, it breaks down the paper fibers. So see what I'm saying. There is just a cheap, cheap filter system that so people do it to cut corners and more so construction guys, because they're trying to Upsell you and they sell you junk and pocket the money. Yeah, it's just, it's not a, not a good system. So sorry, I hate to be the bearer of bad news.
SPEAKER_R: I'm happy to know that I understand. Okay. He's got it. All right. Well that's good to know. At least there's something we can do about it. And you think if we got this D. E. Filtration then the mold wouldn't be an issue. Probably
SPEAKER_L: Uh well, it's not mold, it's uh,
SPEAKER_R: LG LG. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: how's it going? Uh like I said, they got stuff called yellow out, they've got stuff called, oh, what was this? It was some blue stuff. And for the life of me, I'm having a a mental, early onset of alzheimer's or something because I can't remember the name of this stuff, but it's a blue uh liquid and you kind of just squirt it out onto your pool. And that helps a lot. But it's, it's more of a maintainer than it is to kill it. So basically what you do is shock the pool brush it real good. And then keep it maintained with an algae aside.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I'll just side. And what was the first one that you named?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I said yellow out because that's, that was specifically designed for mustard algae. But they've got newer products. See this is a long time ago when I did pools. I said, I haven't worked in seven years. So they've got new stuff out all the time. But this blue stuff and I really wish I could remember, but just go to a Leslie's or something and just asking for, tell them what your problem is. Unfortunately out with Leslie's to hire a bunch of high school kids and I don't dislike high school kids, but they just
SPEAKER_R: They don't know what the hell they're doing?
SPEAKER_L: thank you and I hate saying that. But they're just, they're kids hired out of school and to have a job. They're really not experts, they used to have stores that had experts in it. So uh this research products do some DY I videos when you know because you have all the time in the world is look those up and then look up al decides maintain maintenance and they'll tell you something's price. There's some blue and like I said, I can't remember what the name is but it's like no
SPEAKER_R: look up
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: in the
SPEAKER_L: problems.
SPEAKER_R: middle of
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: the night.
SPEAKER_L: it's called. No more problems. That's what see I knew it would come to me. No more problems. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Okay. No more problems, I'm
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's uh
SPEAKER_R: just taking that note.
SPEAKER_L: yep. There you go. Yeah. Do it so you don't forget it. But it's it's it works. It's a good maintenance thing for it. So shock it, brush it brush you gotta brush real good. Don't just kind of do uh brush it real good. You know get it all off to the side. Then you're gonna have to let it filter. And then when it filters clean your filters because it's going to stick to the society if you want it out of your system completely. So then take your filters out, spray them off, put it back in and hopefully you've got it under control. But you have to have a D. Filter. It be better because you just you would back wash it. And it's panels that have got like it's like a cheesecloth. But the D. E. The diet automation search sticks to the side and then the junk like the algae sticks to that. So when you back washing it knocks all that the cruddy stuff into the waist. So that's why I like this better.
SPEAKER_R: Okay that you you do a really good job of explaining that.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. That'll be $500.
SPEAKER_R: Right exactly. What do they help us? What questions do you have for me that?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So we're in florida. Do you live? You're not in that? I have some people that move to frostproof Arizona. They moved there last year and then two weeks ago there was some, the three bodies were found up there. I'm like, oh great. I was like, it's not you guys, it's not your husband, you know, was, but it's just, it's really strange. It's like never heard of frost proof in my whole life. My friends moved there a year ago and then you hear in the news about a murderer, they're like on, that's spooky,
SPEAKER_R: Small world,
SPEAKER_L: it's like in the middle of florida.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No, no there and that's that's the country over that's um southern florida, central florida, there is uh boondocks, so yeah, I'm not familiar with a lot of that area. I grew up in very south florida like Fort Lauderdale area and now I live in Jacksonville or do you know Jacksonville? I feel like that's a pretty big city.
SPEAKER_L: I know it on the map, that's about it. And I've seen this Jacksonville jaguars, but I've never really, I've never really been there or had the opportunity. I've been to the closest I've been to florida is through through Georgia, Going to South Carolina one time. So uh huh. Just never had the desire being in Houston
SPEAKER_R: I've never
SPEAKER_L: taxes
SPEAKER_R: been to the Caroline
SPEAKER_L: being Houston. I don't want to go to florida. It's like changing one human climate to another human climate. I don't, I don't want to go to human place. I want to go someplace dry like colorado or Arizona. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: so how did you get through harvey, so you said you lost your house? I'm so sorry to hear about that.
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's really that I wish somebody had followed my, what was that movie with Jim Carey where they followed his whole life? Like his whole
SPEAKER_R: Friend
SPEAKER_L: life.
SPEAKER_R: shell.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they should have done that with me because when I tell people they're going, are you kidding? All this stuff happened to you was like, yes, I did. Uh, I live on a, I lived on the streets Saratoga drive and it was like one side, you couldn't see it visually. One side was higher than the other and I was in the middle of the cold aside, I was dead center. So the house to my right flooded, complete, the whole first floor of their house got flooded, They lost everything, everything they had to move out mole. Mine got partially flooded. The guy to our left, nothing, not a drop. I need a mask. I'm sorry. Hope is that? Hope it's not contagious to the internet. Sorry allergies. But yeah, that's in a, I lost my home and then, uh, I wasn't working so I had to move out what slept North Church members garage for about a month and a half. And then I got 16 ft trailer. So
SPEAKER_R: mm That's
SPEAKER_L: I'm living in a spacious spaces trailer with me and my dogs.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's all you need. The home is where the heart is, home is where the dog is.
SPEAKER_L: Home is where the dog And when you don't like your neighbors, you just hook it up to your bumper and get the heck out of dodge. It's
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: like I don't like my
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: neighbor.
SPEAKER_R: always have you always lived in texas?
SPEAKER_L: Uh no. I lived in Phoenix for seven years. Uh I was born in Dallas. We moved here to Houston when I was six And then when I was 25 I moved to Phoenix Arizona uh for about seven years and then I, my mom put the major guilt trip on me and I'm getting older so I had to move back and uh yeah, I didn't really come back though. I really loved Arizona. And the old cliche is the dry heat is absolutely, don't don't let him watch. It is the truth. It isn't true. It's hot. Yeah, it's hot. But at least when you get under the shade tree, you have some relief here. If you don't have an air conditioner strapped on your back, I don't care if you get under a shade tree, you're gonna sweat because it's just humidity. It sticks to your clothes. That's the other thing I read this article about, you know, sleeping in the, in the in the buffet. It doesn't keep you as cool as clothing. No, that's a lie too. Because this cotton, it sticks to the fabric so then the fabric station and then you're uncomfortable. So No, that's a lie too. Unless it's a micro fiber shirt. Yes. It's not going to wick away. Yeah, it wicks away right into the shirt and then it clings to your body's these people make up all these studies and it's like you guys are fools. It's like, have you ever looked at it from this perspective? It's like I can't sleep when I'm like all wet and stuff like no, you're wrong.
SPEAKER_R: counting down the minutes to winter, but since I'm in northern florida now we get a little bit of a winter. Um we'll have like random days where it's like the high will be 40. That will happen maybe once or twice but for the most part it's like sixties, beautiful, no humidity um but otherwise it's just torture in florida. So I would assume it's the same for you guys. I feel like we're on the same latitude there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's pretty much it. It's like uh they talk about a free hard freeze. Yeah. What, 31 degrees? It's like one degree below freezing. It's like how is that a hard freeze? My brother moved up to pennsylvania. He can tell you a lot about a hard freeze
SPEAKER_R: I bet.
SPEAKER_L: because he lives in Scranton mountaintop P. A. Which is just
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: outside.
SPEAKER_R: sister just moved to Maine, I don't know what's with everybody going north.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe they hate the humidity too
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I don't think I could do that cold though. It's so depressing when it's just snows for months.
SPEAKER_L: when you're disabled. It's kind of like well what's the difference? I can't do much now anyway so it wouldn't affect me. It's like going outside or you know other than to go to the doctor. That's pretty much what I live for now. We're taking them to the vet. So.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And the dogs actually seem to really like snow although not our little skinny dogs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well these guys, I don't think they would know what they what they would do with, well I don't know what he would do with with snow and her. She probably wouldn't do too well because she's already having problems just standing up now. Like I said she's got bad hips, bad eyes wobbles.
SPEAKER_R: stand
SPEAKER_L: She's just
SPEAKER_R: that. I'm doing it too.
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: It was making me think to when you were saying you're not sure you'd get another dog. I was thinking gosh you know if my next one lives as long as this one does I don't because I carry her around all the time she can barely walk and You know it's already it's given me golf elbow now actually a golfer's elbow from carrying her everywhere and I'm thinking you know in another 20 years you know when I'm at this place with another dog I won't be able to carry him and I need to carry her at this point. So what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Let's see, I I think that that way a lot of people are like, well when your dog dies just get no that's not being responsible. You got to think things logically. Like uh am I healthy enough to do when I got these dogs? I was working, I was making good money. Money was not an issue. Now money is an issue. They're getting old, I'm getting old, my health is good. I don't really, This isn't a sympathy thing, but I probably won't be here in 10 years, which I'm good with that, but I don't want to have a dog and then have the dog, what the hell happened? I had this guy that lived with me and let me live on the couch in the bed and now he's gone and somebody has thrown me out in the backyard, you know, feeds me once a day and you know, it's just good boy or a good girl and then their God, I just said to me that would and I'd be dead and wouldn't know it maybe, but still I know it now and I wouldn't want that to happen to them wouldn't be fair to them.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I agree. I absolutely agree. Well anyway I guess we're a time. It was so nice meeting you. Um Thank you so much for all of the pool advice. That's really really helpful.
SPEAKER_L: you're welcome. And like my friends asked me, you know, hey, I think about getting a pool. What do you think? I'm like, don't get one go to the y let them deal with the maintenance and the issues and all that stuff because it's a money pit, you're gonna be, it's like a boat or he's got something wrong with it.
SPEAKER_R: All right. What do they say? Boats are the the best day of your life is the day you get rid of it or something like that is what you say.
SPEAKER_L: The same thing with the pool is like when you sell the house, it's the best day. No more pool. Yeah. It's like me, it's like vacation is like, oh, let's go. Oh no, I'm not going to know pool. I was around pools my whole lot. That's why I have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: got a lot
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: of skin
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: cancer problems too, because it's outside in the heat a lot. Plus you're not only getting it from there, you're looking down in the pool and it's reflecting from there right back in your face. So it's like I've had six incidents of, I got one here right now that they're gonna have to cut off. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm doing a treatment on my face right now. I'm full of skin cancer too.
SPEAKER_L: and there's
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: three
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: different,
SPEAKER_R: ends.
SPEAKER_L: as long as it's not the melanoma, I'm good with it. I've had, I've had the other two. Uh but I haven't had the melanoma. Thank you. So.
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: Okay, well, I'll let you go. It was nice talking to you. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: thank you
SPEAKER_L: I forgot your name already. My name's Kirk by the way.
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: Huh? What do
SPEAKER_R: Od
SPEAKER_L: you say, jodi? Okay. Okay. Well, it's nice talking to you, take care of yourself and good luck with your pool. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you so much. You were really helpful. This is a very nice evening. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: and give your dog a hug.
SPEAKER_R: Same. Same. Same.