you hear you? You can't hear me or you can.
Well how's it going?
Yeah where are you at?
All? Right I'm in florida.
All true.
Well I that's strange. Right. Um My connection is good. How's yours?
Mm Maybe I'll try sitting in a different room. That might help.
Let's try
that.
You know? I wish my husband and I say all the time we wish that we knew sign language because then when you're around people and you want to be like let's get out of this party you know you could design that would be helpful. Um I'm just gonna bring my mask. I'm expecting the the bug guy to come by and I have to have a mask on when he gets here.
So just
I have an old dog. To what kind of dog do you have?
I am an italian greyhound.
Oh my God that is too crazy. And she's on she was just on my lap to I'll go um and she's so old she's almost 17 so I have to carry everywhere, I'll be right back.
Oh she's perfect and look morgan. The gentleman I'm speaking with has a Whippet,
How old is yours?
Oh that's great.
mine's gonna be 17 And september
Heartbreaking, horrible, horrible. I know I'm going through it too and I just keep saying in this coronavirus she's got to hang in there with me because I won't make it without her. I could cry just thinking about it, isn't it? Just host to had how did you get her? Where how long have you had her?
huh. Attention.
I
so you took them both?
Yeah yeah mines rescue to I can't um he's gonna walk in any minute. Um I can't imagine not rescuing a dog. Um It's just it's the right thing to do. Yes.
Right she's my first dog so I've never had to go through that and I mean I I just I lay in bed every night thinking about it and I just cried because it's just I can't imagine my life without her. I got her when she was like a year and a half old and she's gonna be 17. So I've had it for 15 years. I mean it's my longest relationship.
I.
The dog is like grieving like nothing else. You hear those horror stories of people that live alone Pass away. Don't get found for a few days and then the police come in and the dog is cuddled up you know licking the body trying to bring it back. It's like I hear those horror stories I could just cry. I think that's gonna be me.
what
what did you used to do for work?
We had, we just had a pool put in and it was a nightmare. Our contractors quit on us because we anyway, it was an absolute nightmare
issues like with the MArs site, they apparently like waited too long to MArs sites. So we have streaking and all kinds of stuff and there's no fixed in that. Right.
What
Mind if I ask you a question. So we've got this issue that we thought was essentially pollen. But it was, but when we went and asked them at pinch a penny, they said no pollen would stay at the top if it's kind of on the walls. It's like an orangey yellow. And um
so
they
said that
about that.
Yes, our chemicals are perfect. We get like the gold star when they test it.
People,
so specifically for now on the mustard algae, you think that could be maybe a problem with the filtering system or something?
What kind of filter do we have on the pool? We're like dumb and dumber over here. Are you on the phone? I kind of hear him talking.
Do you know what color the filter is? Is it brown or silver? Yeah. Yeah. 320 Something Cartridge Filter. Right.
no.
The,
So
is that
something we can switch out?
I'm happy to know that I understand. Okay. He's got it. All right. Well that's good to know. At least there's something we can do about it. And you think if we got this D. E. Filtration then the mold wouldn't be an issue. Probably
LG LG. Sorry.
okay. I'll just side. And what was the first one that you named?
They don't know what the hell they're doing?
look up
in the
middle of
the night.
Okay. No more problems, I'm
just taking that note.
Okay that you you do a really good job of explaining that.
Right exactly. What do they help us? What questions do you have for me that?
Small world,
yeah. No, no there and that's that's the country over that's um southern florida, central florida, there is uh boondocks, so yeah, I'm not familiar with a lot of that area. I grew up in very south florida like Fort Lauderdale area and now I live in Jacksonville or do you know Jacksonville? I feel like that's a pretty big city.
I've never
been to the Caroline
so how did you get through harvey, so you said you lost your house? I'm so sorry to hear about that.
Friend
shell.
mm That's
that's that's all you need. The home is where the heart is, home is where the dog is.
Have
you
always have you always lived in texas?
counting down the minutes to winter, but since I'm in northern florida now we get a little bit of a winter. Um we'll have like random days where it's like the high will be 40. That will happen maybe once or twice but for the most part it's like sixties, beautiful, no humidity um but otherwise it's just torture in florida. So I would assume it's the same for you guys. I feel like we're on the same latitude there.
I bet.
my
sister just moved to Maine, I don't know what's with everybody going north.
Yeah I don't think I could do that cold though. It's so depressing when it's just snows for months.
Right. And the dogs actually seem to really like snow although not our little skinny dogs.
stand
that. I'm doing it too.
It was making me think to when you were saying you're not sure you'd get another dog. I was thinking gosh you know if my next one lives as long as this one does I don't because I carry her around all the time she can barely walk and You know it's already it's given me golf elbow now actually a golfer's elbow from carrying her everywhere and I'm thinking you know in another 20 years you know when I'm at this place with another dog I won't be able to carry him and I need to carry her at this point. So what do you do?
Right. I agree. I absolutely agree. Well anyway I guess we're a time. It was so nice meeting you. Um Thank you so much for all of the pool advice. That's really really helpful.
All right. What do they say? Boats are the the best day of your life is the day you get rid of it or something like that is what you say.
I
guess
that
yeah I'm doing a treatment on my face right now. I'm full of skin cancer too.
It
never
ends.
I like
thank you
please.
Od
you so much. You were really helpful. This is a very nice evening. Bye.
Same. Same. Same.