Hello?
Hi.
Yeah, can you hear me? Uh huh
My name is Nikki.
Nice to meet you. I'm glad you showed up then stood up three times now.
Yes. Yes, that's what I was thinking. I was like you're not going to show up so I was prepared for no one to show up.
Okay, fantastic. They're always a little weird.
Yes, definitely, definitely. Yeah, I'm a little socially awkward to begin with though. So the talking to a stranger can be a little awkward,
more awkward for me even.
Um I am from Oregon. What about you?
was thinking that too. I was thinking how to phrase that one how to ask that where you're at. Yes. Yeah.
So
yes. Well I also wonder how that would work with time zones and everything depending on where somebody was at. It
could be
hard
to set up. So
do you have a job?
Fantastic. I am temporarily unemployed. Um Just for the summer. Normally I work full time by work in the schools. So I will be going back and doing video conferences all the time.
Yeah. Our schools around here are not opening. It's actually statewide they're not opening at all. So.
So yes.
Yeah. I've been hearing some awful things from where the east coast of what's happening and I'm glad we're not we're not
doing that here.
I'm kind of quit. I was following it in the beginning and then I just stay home. I'm completely staying home so I don't really need to follow everything,
yep, I find out from my friends if there's anything going on and I'll hear that way. But other than that I don't really follow it much anymore because it was just making me worry excessively about everything and I can't change anything so to
steal.
Yes. Yes. So yeah we're just we're staying completely home so we're not having to deal with any changing rules because we're already doing the maximum we could because there's some health issues in my family. So
um so your video went away?
Yes baby. Yeah. Yeah. Um
Yeah, I don't have any video on you any longer.
Yeah, that's what I'm checking to. Yeah my internet looks fine too, so I'm not sure
you're back. Yeah.
I would I would rather not go that route either. So I'm glad. Yeah,
you're saying your mom has has health issues so you're trying to be safe to is what I didn't catch all that because you disappeared.
Yes, definitely. My dad is fighting cancer right now. So yes, we're really trying
to be safe.
Yeah. So I'm doing all the shopping for them. I was doing it for my grandma as well and just trying to to not have anyone else to be out of the house. Pretty much I am the shopper and I get
aware of my, my 95 mask or P 95 because my dad had a has he works outside, so he had a bunch of, of masks that he was using for dusting purposes and stuff, but they're really good. So I wear that shopping and that is the excitement of my week.
Yes, Yes, definitely. We have a mask um mask requirement here in Oregon statewide, but I live in an area that does not support the mask ban, so are the mask requirement that they prefer it to be banned. So it always makes it really questionable when you're at the store and wondering how people are going to act around you.
that's how it is here, but everyone just does what they want to do. It seems like I don't I haven't gone anywhere, but I feel like a lot of my friends and stuff, they just, everyone's healthy and their family and young, so they just kind of do what they want to do and hope for the best.
and that's that's me too. I'm very germ conscious. I was the one that was like, going in every school and every time I touched the door, I was like, all right, I'm sanitizing now. So yes, I just can't ignore it. I don't want to get sick. My kids were sick in january the end of january and they got really sick. The flu test came back negative. So I almost wonder if they had it because it was a strange illness. I had a very mild illness. They were very sick. And then
um my husband didn't didn't show any symptoms, but he always gets everything we get and we kept taking into the doctor and the doctor's or like they have the flu and they do the flu test, nope, no flu. So it'd be interesting to see.
but I just I don't want to get sick last time I was really sick, I was like I don't want to do this again, so I definitely don't want to be exposing myself to another illness that I could be getting.
Oh I lost you again.
yep, now I can now you disappeared again
and
I can hear you but I can't see you still.
yeah, I don't appear to be having internet issues, but let's see what is this? Okay. Uh huh. Right, right. Yeah, I still can't see you or hear you now. Now I can hear you well and I have fine
internet
now, I can see you again. So weird.
Maybe
there's a trick,
maybe they're tricking us and trying to see how we respond. Oh, so what kind of things do you like to do in your free time?
I used to play some video games, but I don't do it much anymore. Yeah.
I play some Nintendo games every now and then. I'm doing the exercise one now. The new ring fit. Just unique.
Yeah. I actually use my prolific money that I've earned to buy it because it's kind of my extra money that I spend on myself for the kids if I want to just for extra fun things and um And so I bought it and it's it's kind of fun like 15, 20 minutes a day and does like strength training if you're not super fit, I should say, my husband says, oh, this is nothing. And he's like squeezing it like I can do this, no problem. Um But for me, it's a little bit of a workout and then you like jog in place, but it takes you through like these worlds and everything. So it's kind of fun to have an objective, Let's not just run on a treadmill.
Yes, I've had to, I picked up sour dough baking over this whole staying at home time. Oh, you cut out again.
Open
up,
you're
still there. I picked up sour dough baking during this quarantine time. And unfortunately, that means making way too many sweets and everything else. So now I'm like, okay, now I need to pick up the exercise and actually do do something instead of just baking all day long.
Yeah, I made sour dough pretty much everything. We do pizzas and we do cinnamon rolls and waffles and pancakes. And tonight I made hamburger buns out of sour dough.
I really enjoyed it.
Yes, I was
worried.
I didn't want it at all in the beginning. I was like, nope.
it is.
No,
I I have a growing all over my backyard because it just, it just grows. I tried to kill it and it didn't die. I lost your video again. Don't know why this happens. Probably pop back up in a moment.
I still don't have video. Uh huh. Are you still there? Oh okay. Oh
well you are there.
I I completely lost you for a second.
Um Yes, I am here. But now you're gone again. I don't know that this is gonna work unfortunately and I don't have any other internet switch to and I'm not, I'm
unwired
so
I'm not on wireless either so I don't know what could be causing it. Uh huh.
I'm not sure what to do either. Last time I didn't have any hiccups at all so we'll see if it comes back I guess. I don't know. Are you still able to see me?
Uh huh. Very weird. I don't know why it's only going out on one side. That wouldn't really make sense on an internet issue now you're back.
I don't know. Super weird because we both on the successfully on the same internet so I don't know.
Yeah I'm usually wireless but that's wired. One is one let my husband video chats all day for work on so it should work. Okay
so I would hope since that's what he does all day long and he works the night so I'm sure I would know if it didn't work.
Yes. Yes because he wouldn't put up with it not working, I can guarantee you that.
Um I like to bake sour dough. Um And uh I like to garden and do crafting. I have a cricket
um cutting machine and so I'll I make T shirts and um
final
decals for my walls. I like to decorate for all the holidays. So I have a little all the holidays and cut decals for my walls to add to. It keeps
me busy. Yeah and then I have two Children so they keep me very busy and I'll be home schooling them in a couple of weeks for the first time ever while working full
time.
No
I'm a therapist um works on cutting skills and handwriting in schools and so I work at many different schools. So um yeah they're past the learning how to write phase. So yes,
it will be an experiment to see if I can can do it.
Yes. Yes, I think it will, I don't think there'll be any harder than putting the kids in distance learning in the schools, the local schools actually, I think it's probably going to be easier, so I think it's the right choice, but I never pictured myself saying I'm a homeschooling mom,
that's not me, I'm like, okay where can make it go? Okay grade,
there's a school for them, Fantastic. So it'll be interesting, but I'm sure I'll get through it and maybe maybe will be all for the best and maybe they'll really like it, we'll see.
So no, I'm using um the same the same curriculum that their um school uses and they do not through their school, but um because they go to a private school and so there they used to until I just enrolled them, um but there's going to be using the same curriculum and then that curriculum um provides videos as well and so they can follow along with the videos, and then I will just help with giving them tests and correcting all their work and just kind of leading it and making sure I have the right worksheets out for them and all of that kind of stuff. But then the teachers on the video will be telling them teaching them the new concepts, so I don't have to teach them how to do long division or any of that kind of stuff.
I don't need to go back to those days at all. No, no, I don't want to have to do any of that math and all that.
Yes, I ended up taking my last class was online and in my math because I wanted to take an easier math class and so I did so I don't have a desire to take any challenges. What and I find younger
grade math already even.
Yeah, I can see that I was doing hard classes in high school and and then I decided it wasn't going to get me any further, so I was like, why am I doing that? So I stopped and then in college
I only took
the required,
I think we're having a little cut out again.
yep, I can hear you and I can see you. I just it was just a touch Laghi, but we're good now. Mhm.
huh.
That's what I felt like my college math was because I only took the as high up as I had to go, which wasn't super high and so I took the class and I was like, okay, I hope I can do this online because I'm not actually going in class. And at that time I took all my classes in person. And so I started this class, I was like, oh I hope I can do this. And then I took it, I was like this is so basic, this is like nice grade math. I mean it wasn't any it wasn't any more challenging than the simple math. And I was like, this is awesome.
Yes, yes. I still haven't used any of my advanced science classes or my math classes or any of those advanced stuff that I took because I was taking a P classes and I was trying to get ahead and until I realized this isn't going to really make me that far ahead in certain certain of the classes unless they were a P. Um And so yeah that I pulled back on that and I still survive find, so
I did history too but that one was not my best one. Too much memorization.
so
you learned a lot about
that?
huh. I've got some really good history features over the years. Um My Ap U. S. History was really really good. Um But I still didn't pass, I didn't get my college credit because I didn't study well enough. There's just too many memorization facts and I had other things to do than study. I've never been a good at studying, not my strong suit.
Mhm. I could
do the quick memorization so I'd be able to pass the test but then if I have to be retested on the same thing wasn't going to happen. I just have
never had
study.
Good.
How?
That's interesting. I think the teacher can really make or break a history class. Like big time. I feel like math teachers like can help you along but it doesn't necessarily make or break it. It's kind of, you get the concepts or not but history like you've got to make it interesting if you don't, you can make anything just miserable.
That's not one of my memory, Strong memory. But yes, there's lots of memorization and it doesn't add up to much of anything. Like there's not, I don't feel like I need
to know this information so I don't necessarily recall all these minor details. Like give me a spelling test and spelling words and I'll make sure I know all of them. But like the history is just like, okay, great. I know exactly where this war started and where it ended and the dates and the days of the week, but I'm never going to use it because I don't need to know it doesn't change my life any. It's not like, okay, I can apply this somewhere.
Yes, But any teacher can kind of wreck just about anything to, or they can really make it a way better subject than it should be
perfect. Fantastic. We survived. We made it.
Yes. You're still there.
Yes. I am very glad to have a good evening.
Bye.