Hello?
Hi.
Right okay uh Sorry can you hear me okay?
well hi my name's Cali
Nikki Hi to meet you.
Oh wow. Yeah I was stood up the last time but only one so far. Oh wow that's a bad luck though.
Yeah. So is this your first time successfully doing it? All right this is my 3rd or 4th 1 I think. Okay.
Yes. Yeah for all I I enjoy it though. Really good pay for what it is but
our
yeah I I completely get that. Right. Yeah. Yeah I'm sorry my brain just yeah. Uh So anyway um what part of the country are you from
wondering if I'm in Missouri? Okay I said that assuming that you're in the United States everyone so far has been. Yeah.
that
would be kind of interesting to know if they were specifically sticking to the United States or if it's just luck so far
Well
that's
true
but
uh no I am unemployed and making money here.
Oh okay. Is it gonna be completely online then?
Oh I am so glad to hear that. Uh huh.
Not like that here from what I've heard
good
night. Uh Yeah generally I have just been staying home and avoiding most news sources though so I'm not the most up to date on anything.
Yeah. Yeah my parents follow it closely so I figure if anything truly important comes up I'll hear about it.
that
that was just too much information, just not not even in comprehensive ways that felt helpful.
Yeah that's kind of the same here. I live with my mom and she has some pre existing health issues so trying really hard to be careful.
Oh um yeah you're starting to chop up a little bit but I'm still getting video and audio. um
Thank you.
Uh hang on I'm gonna see if it says what to do.
Yeah same same on this end. Uh
Yeah I wasn't quite sure what to do other than saying in the chat and but I'd rather not go that route.
yes so
Oh oh yeah sorry but yeah basically and I mean it sounds like it's pretty bad with or without pre existing health issues but but it's just an extra incentive to be careful.
oh I'm
mm wow, I am so sorry to hear that.
it
yeah uh this certainly makes going out of the house to the store and novel experience
yeah kind of the same here uh generally if you drive around you can see outdoor gatherings of large numbers of people without mask support right, technically there is a requirement, yep.
Ah And I was pretty germophobic even before this all started so.
No
yeah maybe once it's more accessible um they'll have some sort of immunity tests to see but
mm hmm. Yeah uh I think that generally my immune system is pretty good but growing up I had pneumonia quite a few times which that majesty really left an impression that the the right.
Uh huh. Oh uh can you hear me? No.
help. Well um I have
a different internet options. Let me switch that. So sorry if it cuts out more. Okay. Hello?
Okay so it was not the internet really if it was with both.
I can
still
Mhm. Uh well it's
amazing
that this works at all.
Um Well I uh Leslie do a lot of reading online and um I used to play video games a lot, I haven't in a while though but yeah, so
I keep intending to I uh started a replay of all of the Legend of Zelda game and just kind of fizzled out. Yeah.
Oh that's cool, I've heard about that, but not much about what exactly is or how a function.
wow, that's pretty cool though and and it's awesome to be doing it regularly. I really need to pick up on that myself.
So you
think
that
for life?
I never quite got to the sour dough point but I got some yeast and I've been doing my own baking
Oh that is amazing.
Mhm. That is so cool. I I love the idea of sour dough. I'm just completely convinced that I will totally kill it.
It
was
good. Yeah. Yeah, a couple summers ago I managed to try to grow some herbs and I managed to kill them including a mint plant which everything I've heard about that sounds like it's supposed to be like a weed hard to kill.
Mhm. Yeah. I killed it very
well.
Oh boy. Mhm. Uh Internet option. Let me. Yeah.
Hello?
Oh okay. Hi. Yeah.
Okay. Sorry I was trying to fiddle with my internet connection to see if that good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Are you there?
Sorry
about
that.
Well okay. There's a momentary hiccup or screen delays. Fine. Did he want to just keep pushing through in or I'm not really sure what
Uh Yeah yeah I do
Oh okay. Well yeah
mine is a wireless connection but uh I don't really have a wired one that I can connect to right now so.
Yeah.
Ah So uh two ways of double checking their,
yeah so um so what do you do in your free time then?
What
Oh
fun.
that's
that's
that's a big um uh what do you teach? Is there any overlap there
or,
Yeah
well I wish you the best of luck with that sounds like a huge undertaking and hopefully hopefully it goes well
This is,
Well
mm. Yeah. So do you have like any internet resources or are you just like completely doing it yourself?
No, no need to relearn everything that you've managed to forget from. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, I'm so glad to be done with those glasses.
was,
mm. Right. Yeah. Uh unfortunately made the decision to take some advanced placement math classes in high school to try to avoid the difficult math classes in college and then I heard that they might actually be easier in college.
I
was
sorry?
can you hear me?
Yeah, I had a lovely experience with my science classes in high school where I started out taking the advanced one, but then the last one it was just getting to be way too much. So I decided to drop back to the normal one and that jumping back that far, it was just way too easy and it was just no good middle ground which was disappointing. That went from super complex mathematical formulations and stuff that I don't even remember too. This is a pulley, this is a
letter. It was yeah. Right.
and I feel like I would have done a lot better with math and things if there was some practical applications instead of just formula after formula that I I mean how are you going to use this?
Yeah, I was always more of a literature person, those were most of my advanced placement classes, yes.
Sure. Yeah, I really like the idea of history but uh my history classes were all the sort that were taught by gym teachers and basically just okay go and sit and read except for one where I had one teacher who was just obsessed with World War Two. It was
not
War Two
history class, but yes, yes, it basically was, yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah, I was, I was pretty good at the memorization of it all, but that didn't really translate to the information sticking around very well,
so
I
have found that
I'm a lot, oh
sorry, I'm just gonna say I've been a lot more interested reasons all that, like in World War History, just kind of everything leading up to it. But yeah, which is one of those unfortunate things that a lot of less european based and none of my classes focused much on european history right now. Actually, I mean this isn't technically count as a history class. I think that my best history class was um class on the book. Don Quixote
because the teacher was, she was just so good at going through the historical context and what was going on in that point in time to make the book really awesome and just make a lot more sense and uh so that's probably one of my favorite history classes.
Yes, Just lists of dates and the war of 1812, which I will never forget that, I don't know why.
Well.
Yeah. Well and if the future is put in some like societal context that would make it so much easier and more interesting. Yeah. But yeah,
mm mm. Um Oh it's been about 27 minutes, so
It hasn't come out yet
again. Right, well it it really has been great to talk to you and glad that it worked out and we're both here.
All right, you too.