huh.
Okay
look okay,
how you doing? Can you hear me?
That's right.
Good.
I'm just making sure. Yes yes. So I don't really, I've never done anything like it before. So what's
up?
They didn't
get any uh anything to really go by. I'm like
alright. I thought maybe they'd have some sort of a moderator or something. But I guess I just want to find out how people communicate wow,
I'm rick how you doing proof?
Yeah I was just bored. Nothing popped up so I was like hey why not good day off. Might as well make a little bit of extra with spending money or not. So where are you from?
From where?
Tennessee? Nice
because I'm I'm from florida Delray Beach.
Yeah I'm at home right now but I'm in florida.
You
are you
you guys are finally back for your second semester?
Yeah I did the college thing. I graduated No. Two and uh did absolutely nothing with my degree. I worked for the I. L. A. Uh shipping companies work with H back big cargo ships, those type of things.
Political science. By the time I graduated I sat there looking at the idea of going to law school and I said absolutely not. I already did this for 16 years going to college and not college which is school and uh not making money off. It was just like I just want to start getting a paycheck
and
this one.
My body's father is the president and uh
good peg. And I just had, they passed my E. P. A. H. Backing sam and good pay good benefits. So plus I got to work outdoors before that I was doing mortgages before all that fell apart. Had a front row seat to country. When that happened, I can't tell you how much fun that was
that. I was working for country. Why the first one to go and we're there trying to get loans approved and our underwriters would approve them. And when it came time for funding, they couldn't find anybody who wanted to give out the money for the loans because they thought everything was collapsing.
So you have to sit there telling your customers and clients, sorry, there's nothing I can do. I don't have a quarter of $1 million dollars in my pocket to give out to you. Yeah, come from investors. So yeah, I did that. I went into defense contracting for a little bit. That was scary job. You know me, I was a requisition agent meant I had to basically put the orders in and then track everything going around all over the world, going to places like Iraq Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, south
Korea. So that was another
tracking job. What's your major?
environmental. I went to coastal, they were specializing in marine biology though. I don't know if
they do that at the science that you're in, but they were on the ocean, that's what they kind of specialized in. How far along are you.
Second year, I got a little cousin, she goes to uh north florida up in Jacksonville, up from me, down from you. But she's now just getting into her second semester. She
does,
Yeah, some of the pictures that she's sending and posting on things like facebook kind of has me a little, you know, going, okay, let's settle
it down. Okay, this is getting a little nutty. But supposedly her grades are good. So she's
I guess just having a little fun. Okay.
I went to coastal Caroline. Yeah. I originally went down to play baseball and my back, I had a fuse from a car accident when I was a kid At that point, you know, 52 game season, which is too much, too much for it. So I stopped playing, but I already bought a condo there so I couldn't just turn around and leave and I like the area supposedly went downhill a little bit in the last few years I heard, but you know, it did get me in the gulf. I had no choice because I was in Myrtle beach, had 100 and 20 plus at one point, you know, as far as courses. Uh huh. So you're at University of Tennessee?
Okay.
Up in Athens. Nice.
They had uh, had a tough week last week.
yeah. And they were in the football playoffs and uh, didn't go so well for,
No, not yet. Hello. All book my teams are both bad. I root for coastal that I had three ones this year. And because I went to, uh, lived in south Carolina, followed the gamecocks. They were bad too.
I
was mostly just a spectator this year.
That's titles. Golf Tiger moth balls. Yeah. When I moved to Florida, I thought I'd be able to golf all year round turned out once I got here, it's all private courses. All of $25,000, you know, $25,000 they keep to join a club. I'm like, I don't even like playing the same course twice in a row.
No, that's 25 grand. You know what I could buy with that.
Someone
said, I just look around for rich people and try and get on the courses that where they got a couple of public ones, but they're not nearly as nice. Not about you during your free time.
Yeah,
basically the same type of thing hanging out with friends, watch sports. I played baseball. Golf. That's pretty much what I do to keep myself entertained. I consider it exercise. No one else would both.
Well, yeah, golf is kind of a stretch baseball at least some squat down
for
pitch or pitches. So Dad, I guess it's a little bit more exercise. It's not like I'm running around a tennis court, basketball court at 41. I'd probably drop that after about five minutes. So that's probably a good idea to avoid that. Do they time these conversations or? No,
I
don't say anything.
8 57.
I didn't see a time anywhere on the screen. I just didn't know,
Well it's actually pounds. Yeah. So you got to multiply. I think it's at 1.27. It's kind of funny once it hits paypal because you got to
convert her but I don't really charge you for it. So it's not too bad.
It's
a good way to waste time. I mean right now I'm doing it from home but I'll do it for Mark though. We have a lot of downtime
and it's neither we sit there bored watching daytime television which is awful or uh make a couple of bucks on the side at least keep yourself entertained. Yeah
it's
the only ones I don't like is when they come out with the financial ones because they started asking who my banks are and I'm like I don't really want to be telling you that because I'm giving you my birthday. So that gives you already halfway there once you get the bank account.
I get them all the time. I asked me who my uh my bank is but then they'll ask me if they asked me for a date of birth and that then I'm kind of like no no I mean I mean when they go in and uh you run a credit score. I mean all they really need is just a social security number and the date of birth and then whenever your name is and you can run it so it doesn't take much and then it spits out everything. As far as any financials you have any leans you might have against and all it takes with those two numbers.
so that was the only ones that kind of sit there like I'm not going to go down that road
you guys want to hear about. You know do I like this type of frozen groceries or something? Yeah
I have
no problem with.
What's up?
It's much,
Yeah. Those, those are the ones that are only ah we're the only ones I get nervous about. The other ones. Like I said if it comes down to like what I like to buy for groceries that problems with. But uh once you start putting in data birth where your cards are at because they lost to ask you that like you have an american Express Mastercard and Visa. Yeah.
So then if they somehow get that you know third little piece of information then you know they can run it. So that was the ones like I said, I bought uh then that you know it's no big deal. So you live on campus. What's
that
top office? It's better. I got lucky. I never had to live on campus because
I was
at a condo and did that my freshman year. But everybody who lived on campus told me it was a nightmare.
And
Uh they have the R. A. S. That are running around turning your life into a nightmare. I mean let's face a freshman year in college, you're gonna have a little bit of fun And the R. A. sit there and try and be your parents. But you know, they're all like 21 years old.
Well
you don't have to deal with them. I had the only time I had to deal with our raises if I went over to somebody's place on campus and they start asking questions and they have to break out your I. D. And be like, no it's okay for me to be here because where I lived off campus, it was basically my community and then I had a little bridge and then you were right next to the freshman dorm. So help me with attendance. I live further away near the beach. I probably would have failed out my freshman year. I would have been one of those things are like I'm not driving 20 minutes to school.
My freshman year and sophomore year, I made sure I made no classes that were set before 10:00 with my way. All right, if you had a night, a little bit of a rough night, you can sleep in an extra hour or two. Not helped a little
bit.
A lot of people who take those early class is your first time away from home. You know, that's a little bit much. Especially if you had a major where you're getting tested every week and
you know, I mean normally the first two years it's just all your prerequisites. But some of them, you know, they start getting you in on the major, like the marine biology thing first year they were already, you know, by the second semester you were starting to get into the uh at least the early courses for it. And I had friends who did it, they would sit there and talk about like, I don't know what it is you're talking about right now. What? All right.
yep. That's what my little cousin, Kaya from northern florida, that was her and her brother, her brother graduated though he went to florida state just graduated last year and by the time he was graduated in his freshman year, he was already basically a junior. Because a lot of the things he had, they, you know, pushed him through to the next level, which was nice if you wanted to get out of school, but you know, automatically going in. And it's like you're a sophomore becoming a junior away from home the first time that sometimes it's not a good idea, but he did all right with it.
Yeah. Uh Yeah, I think he graduated. I think it was only like 3.5 years. Anyone. Yeah, he graduated pretty quick. I want a five-year plan. I did nothing but 12 credits every semester. I figured I was gonna make I'm gonna have some fun and then I had to do some uh summer courses because You know, that was not enough. It was getting old enough from like I got to graduate. You know, I'm still sitting here, you go out at night. All the kids are still 18 and 19 years old. At
that point, I'm 23. I'm like, you know, it's been fun, but it's time for the next step here. How is the weather up in Tennessee right now is a cold?
That's not bad.
you gotta see. We had a couple of weeks ago in the fifties down here. People act like they were in the middle of snow globe. They got, well he's on, I got the coats on scarves looking at, I'm originally from New Jersey like this is 50 degrees. It's not that bad. Yeah.
That's funny. 20 boils running out of ideas of things to talk about here. Time trip
17. Alright sophomore at Georgia sports thing we can't really get into because you're not interested in that. Give me one second. I just grab my coffee.
Okay, Okay, I'm back.
This needle caffeine checked for mid duck. Mhm.
I said I just needed a little caffeine kick for my midday energy,
Take a nap. I tried to sleep in this morning. I still woke up at the normal time. And unlike when I worked, when I grab coffee on the way out the door, I
didn't
do that this morning. Just grab water and the juice and now come around 3:00 I'm starting to get tired.
Yeah. Five o'clock.
And I'm usually not home until about seven if sometimes I actually wind up having at least once a week sleep at work, but you get paid time and a half for that. So it's not always a bad thing. That's kind of where you make all your money.
Oh God, it can range anywhere from 60. And the most I got was 104.
That was when I was working up in New Jersey was my first year and I was just trying to get to the number before the end of the year. So I qualified for benefits, next, next health insurance and all that. And the union has great insurance And I mean if I was gonna pay that out of pocket just for me, I would be looking at probably 700 a month for water covers. Yeah. So
I sat there and work and work and work when you're a single zero because I have no wife, no kids, no dependence. Um, you get to a certain number and then I might as well be making $8 an hour pumping gas because everything is getting taken out in taxes. Yeah. My foreman used to sit there when I would start saying now because he knew what I was doing and uh, I was like, look, I want to help, but I'm not gonna sit here and do this and you're talking about, oh, you'll get it back at the end of the, I'm like if I work like this all the way through to the end of the year, I'm going to be a zombie. It's not gonna do anything for me at that point anyway, I
think
No, as long as you get 3000 hours in a year, you got benefits. But my thing was when I got in, I walked in and um Jeez, I guess it was in May, so already I only got a half, a year's worth of work To get to that number and you know, the first month before I got into what I'm doing now, I was basically just working a nine hour day. So once I got into reefer and I could put in, you know, 24 hours plus. I did it, but not fun. I would not recommend it. I mean one time a week is not bad, most times, I'll just take the next day off of work a half a day, You know? We're at the first half and then at lunchtime, so I'll uh check out at lunchtime, so I'm not dealing with rush hours and just go home that were up and go to sleep. But now you're the first year, it's definitely a little rough.
You
do chips or anything at this point.
it's good to stay with your in Athens. Right, what's the summers like? Are they, does everybody leave for the summer
or they hang around?
I wasn't sure. Some places after school's out, the place looks like a desert. I mean where I went to school with Myrtle beats, Everybody wanted to kind of stay around and
if
you take summer classes it was fun. And if you took summer classes, the professors knew it. actually, professors, they want to be there anyway, so you'd sit there for three hours in the morning, twice a week and you get full credit for it and we just all get crammed into one month and after three hours we're done. You had the whole day to yourself. At
least I got you go, hmm.
is it,
wow. Are you, uh taking out loans and everything for yours or now?
Good.
Let's go.
I
kind of looked out with my tours. The first year I got a scholarship and uh, in south Carolina for in state rates, it's like the best in the country. Uh, the only thing that requires, you have to live there for one year. Oh yeah, if I had not played sports, I would have to pay out of state. And at that time, compared to today, it's not too bad. It was like 12,000, but I got the first year free and then, um, the next year I was paying for in state 3000 a year. So I graduated with no debts. No,
not.
I mean nowadays it's still, I think at least 11,000 because I mean we're going on 18 years ago is when I got out of school book, it still doesn't give the excuse of what they're charging now. I used to laugh when Rutgers because like I said up from Jersey, they were the first one I heard would be around 30,000 and I was like, that's completely nuts now. That average
60,000? What's
the responses?
Yes, That's a huge amount of money. I mean just in four years that's 120 grand. I couldn't even imagine going out like that. We had some people take out student loans, but it was never to the amount of the snap now. Yeah.
Mhm.
All
What
this
is?
I had my choice. Even if I uh went to New Jersey for college in New Jersey, the rates for me to go to school there, we're still the same. Uh, is what I was going to be paying in in south Carolina. And for me, I just wanted to get into a warmer climate,
Especially with baseball. Nobody wants to hit a ball when it's 30° out. It's not good for the hands,
the vibrations that come up to bat, forget it. You go walking out of there, you can't even feel your hands in, which whatever feeling you have this pain,
You can wear batting gloves, but there's, there's really nothing to deaden the vibration coming off about if you don't hit it in the right spot. So if you got something where you know, you either got jammed, was off to the end.
It was like, uh going on those chiropractors, where they hit those little forks on the table. I mean, that's kind of the way it felt, except there was 30° out. Your fingertips were frozen to begin with.
No, definitely not.
Great. Alright. We made it.
it was great talking to you, too. What do we do now,
this one?
All
On the other window stop someday. We'll all look like this.
Say
I see.
You got to go back to the original window and then press forward. Okay. Well, it was nice getting to know you a little bit. Yeah.