SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Good. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Very bad, However, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. I've never tried. All right. Mhm. Really? I don't know what happened. People, they're not position. I don't like you. Thank fucking God. Thank you. Punch. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Oh, Mhm. So we will accomplish. Uh huh Yeah. Nothing. Uh huh Uh huh. Well, mhm. That's the problem. Thank you. Mhm. What you're doing? No wonder what's something. I don't think so. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. What's going on? Thank you. Mm. Yeah, America last That's the focus of tonight's angle. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. I want you to think about. Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Uh huh. Get ready. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Oh Oh, Mhm Mhm. Perfect, mm hmm. Really? Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Really? No, it's going to work. I know. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah. All right. Three o'clock on the dot. Cool. Uh where are you calling from,
SPEAKER_R: I'm calling from California
SPEAKER_L: whereabouts? In Cali,
SPEAKER_R: Bay area.
SPEAKER_L: I've been to California once. It was
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: 15 years ago and it was corona California. I have no idea where that is in relation anything else? But I was there. I'm in
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: Kentucky,
SPEAKER_R: are you calling from? Kentucky?
SPEAKER_L: yep, yep. It's nice. It's very, I'm from Maine originally. I moved to Kentucky three years ago, so it's uh just infinitely better. The lack of snow. Um is bay area, south or north.
SPEAKER_R: it's like in the middle. Actually,
SPEAKER_L: So your weather is pretty temperate then you don't, you don't get snow. Do
SPEAKER_R: no, we don't when you get like the perfect temperature here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've always wanted
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: to go to Maine though in the fall.
SPEAKER_L: nice. I was actually back, I flew back about three weeks ago went to Bar Harbor, which you've never been to Main Bar Harbor is like the tourist location. Like many eat lobster Bar Harbor is when you go to do that, as we went to Bar Harbor and it's a nice little visit. It's cool.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: What are all those figurines behind you?
SPEAKER_L: lego I have a pretty significant lego collection. This is not all of it. There's some still in boxes, but I use it mostly for dungeons and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: dragons.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah, that's impressive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, that's like my go to hobby is dND
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Mhm. So how many times have you done this? Like the chat thing
SPEAKER_L: I think this is my third
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: over the course of probably six months. I was supposed to do it yesterday morning, but the other person didn't show up. So whatever.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yesterday I had one for seven o'clock and then the other person didn't show up either.
SPEAKER_L: Seven in the morning.
SPEAKER_R: No. Uh in the evening. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah, Okay. Well, I was gonna say that might have been you, but no, because you're pacific standard time. So mine seven in the morning, but that wouldn't be seven for you because it's what noon right now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's new.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Cool. So what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a student. So yeah, I'm learning, I'm studying microbiology,
SPEAKER_L: Nice before you wanna do with that?
SPEAKER_R: go into research. Maybe
SPEAKER_L: Four?
SPEAKER_R: like biochemistry
SPEAKER_L: So go for masters and then probably rent a PhD.
SPEAKER_R: or just maybe go to PhD
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know how that works. I have my bachelors but uh I probably won't do a masters, I definitely won't do a PhD. I'm not I don't like school
SPEAKER_R: What's your Bachelor, is it?
SPEAKER_L: operations management. It's uh like a business logistics and business optimization essentially is what it is. Um I do I do payroll for university hospital here though. I don't use my degree. My job is very easy. I work from home. I don't work very hard. I'm on the clock right now actually I'm supposed to be working but I have anything to do
SPEAKER_R: But did you need the degree
SPEAKER_L: everything.
SPEAKER_R: to like, apply?
SPEAKER_L: No I got my degree,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I finished
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: my degree while after I got this job I finished last May a year and a half ago and I've been doing this for close to three years, 2.5 years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's really really easy. And then the transition to work from home was awesome because I don't like, most of my work involves like responding to emails and like
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: handling manager questions and stuff like that. So I just have to be available. You know one of my home. I can do stupid stuff like this or watch netflix. Like I just have to be on my computer and be available.
SPEAKER_R: that's that sounds like a great job actually.
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty convenient. Yeah. My cats like it too now that I'm home all day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because of like this coronavirus thing, I had to rethink my career options because I didn't want something that required me to go like outside if need be. So like, that's why I'm doing a computer science minor now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: like do computational biology or anything from home.
SPEAKER_L: right? Yeah. Yeah. Remote work is sweet. Hopefully. Um Hopefully even with the vaccine, I'll be able to continue working from home because I don't want to go back to the office. Obviously I get to wear sweatpants all day. I don't want to talk to people don't have to get your dress clothes. Yeah. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: How long was your commute otherwise
SPEAKER_L: Like 15 minutes. Not that bad.
SPEAKER_R: colleges?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it wasn't bad at all it's just I am get up at the same time still and just start working earlier but like it's just so laid back. I do like maybe two hours of work a day. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And you still get paid for like all eight? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean I'm punched in and I'm available if things happen. My supervisor knows I don't have to work very hard of. He knows he doesn't know how little work I do. He does he doesn't know how little my workload takes me but he knows that I don't work 40 hours. I don't do actually 40 hours a word. He doesn't care mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: How long
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: have you been collecting those figurines for legos?
SPEAKER_L: five years give or take. I haven't gotten anything in probably a year and a half. Um I use it predominantly for dungeons dragons and my d d. Game ended in like april of last year and I had thought about starting up a new one this year but obviously that can't really happen with Covid. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: So I know I just sit on my ass and play video games and these collect us. Yeah so what do you do for fun?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I like learning new things a lot. So like when Covid just started, I picked up embroidery, so that was pretty cool. And then I started going into knitting and crushing. But now, like I'm too busy with school and everything. But yeah, usually when I get the time I like painting or in the summer I went biking a lot. So that was nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I do miss going hiking with friends. Obviously we aren't supposed to do that. We probably could but and MS hiking I have no artistic talent at all as far as like painting or drawing or even my handwriting is awful. I literally I'm useless in that regard.
SPEAKER_R: that's where you go, abstract.
SPEAKER_L: Wait I do I do like writing on my computer. I actually write DND content but like a very I'm very business oriented and very numbers oriented. So I do technical writing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That requires skill to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I don't dispute that at all. It's just my brother so I actually make a little bit of money doing this. I have a website and everything. Um My brother keeps telling me to start writing fiction and he just he lived he literally can't understand that. What I do is completely different. Like it's not creative at all. It's just analytical. It is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. How
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: long have you lived in California?
SPEAKER_R: um I moved here from India when I was like six or seven and so I've been here ever since then. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So are you bilingual and you speak, is it hindi? Is that right Punjabi? Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like from a stay in the north of India.
SPEAKER_L: so it's it's hindi like the number one language and then its regional like china. Is that how it works?
SPEAKER_R: Um it's not the number one language because like a lot of south south of India has a bunch of different languages is just like the most majorly spoken.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so most common I guess. Okay that's why I would know. I've never been to India. I've never been out of the U. S. Wants to. Well I know I went to Canada a bunch of times but that doesn't really count. Uh And then I went to the Dominican republic when I was like 17. So it's been,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: oh I've done yeah.
SPEAKER_R: how is the Dominican republic?
SPEAKER_L: it was nice. I mean I was I was 17 so I could legally drink, which was fun. Um So I I drank a lot during the days on the resort and then it was just really nice weather, like beautiful scenery, really, really cheap because of course they don't have an economy compared to the US. So it was it was nice. I'd go back for sure. I'd probably want to go somewhere else instead. You know? Mediterranean? Mediterranean somewhere instead of caribbean.
SPEAKER_R: D. R. Is in like central America. Right,
SPEAKER_L: So it's an island like Haiti Jamaica. It's yeah, so it's an island in the caribbean, right? Mediterranean is in europe. Yes. Caribbean. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I've always wanted to go there because like the oceans here in the pacific they're like super cold and it's the way hard to swim. And then yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but I only went to corona once and I don't think it's anywhere near the water. I don't remember seeing water. Uh I've been to florida a million times because all my family lives in florida now, they want me to move there, but it's too hot. What's
SPEAKER_R: heart
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: weather like there right now?
SPEAKER_R: here in California, we actually have like a cold front going on. So it's been pretty cold like 40 F. But like we're to other parts of the world, it's nowhere they're
SPEAKER_L: it's 58
SPEAKER_R: cold.
SPEAKER_L: here right now, I just looked, which is nice, I love this weather, like I'm from Maine, so I'm used to even colder, so like fifties and sixties is perfect to me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I like the cold weather because you can wear like warm stuff but like in the hot you can't like take off your skin or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, exactly, that's exactly how I feel about it too, it's easier to put quarters on in public than it is to take clothes off,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I've I've been to europe like two years ago or something and we went to England and then France and italy and it was just like two days at each city. So we went to paris and then we went to venice which was really nice and then Florence and in Rome so. Yeah. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cool, I've never done it, I've never been to europe, it's not my bucket list. I was supposed to go to Ireland when I graduated college but it's expensive. So I'm saving money, I'm looking at buying a house right now, so I'm going to wait to do that and then, and then we'll see how my finances are afterwards,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but being there right now must be great because there's so few tourists. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yep. That's how it was when I went to home to Maine and we went to um it was it was dead like there was people there, but it was nowhere near as congested as it would normally be. That was nice.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, I'm learning, what do you do from?
SPEAKER_R: Um I like I like working out like biking and then I also like going hiking but it's been a while since I've done that and the main problem is like no nobody I know like really likes hiking so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have one hiking buddy here so when she's up for it it's fun. But if she wasn't I never went I never went along and I'm not really my thing to do alone. Maybe it's like a dog. But
SPEAKER_R: the thing is California is like some pretty nice thoughts like Yosemite and in Lake Tahoe and then a bunch of other places. So it's nice to go there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'll go back to California at some point and actually do it like a terrorist go to big cities and all that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah san Francisco or Los Angeles. Okay. I've only been to L. A. Like once in my life so yeah
SPEAKER_L: I feel like it's
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: one of those things
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: once you've done the tourist part of it, you don't need to do it twice. That's how I'm sure that's how it is. That's how like I've been to Vegas a few times and that's how Vegas is to, you go for your first trip, You do all the touristy stuff and then it's all the same after that. Unless you'd like to gamble.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah living here it's like kind of normalized like long commutes so like two hours going somewhere doesn't feel like anything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't miss, I don't miss traffic at all. I mean, Lexington, I live in Lexington is 300,000. So even the only time traffic is bad here is uh during like just peak hours and if you're going in the wrong direction and traffic sucks. But like the longest time I think I've ever had to drive to and from work was like 40 minutes and that's very atypical. Mhm. Yes, but no more
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: of that
SPEAKER_R: population here is like either one million or three million so a
SPEAKER_L: lot.
SPEAKER_R: bunch of traffic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've been looking at actually possibly moving to Indianapolis, which has a population of a million compared to or like 950,000, something like that compared to Lexington's 300. So that would be, I've been there a couple times but it would still be different for sure. I haven't been there recently.
SPEAKER_R: Why Indianapolis?
SPEAKER_L: Um cost of living is low, it's a little bit cooler than Kentucky. Um you know like Kentucky doesn't have basically any snow, whereas main, we got a shitload, we've got like four ft a year. So indiana is more of a happy medium there to actually get more of a christmassy feeling. So four seasons will be nice, houses are cheaper, a lot cheaper. I like the bigger city because there's more opportunity and then, I don't know if you're a convention person but gen con is in Indianapolis every august and it's a, like a gaming convention. So living there would be convenient as far as going to gen con every year and then also have friends who wanted to come to gen con, you know, they could just stay with me type of deal.
SPEAKER_R: Does Kentucky get like hurricanes and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: No, it's really, really tempered here. Worst is yet a lot of rain. So there is occasional flooding, but I live on the top of the hill so it doesn't impact me at all.
SPEAKER_R: wow, Kentucky seems like a nice place to live.
SPEAKER_L: It's the weather here is actually really good and it's you know maybe peaks in the nineties in the summer but buildings in Kentucky all have central air. So A C I don't know if that's sure that's how it is in florida to do. You have central air? Yeah you see and stuff like that in Maine we don't have that. I mean I'm sorry California and florida in Maine we don't have central air, it's all like hot water for heating. So in the summer when it gets hot you're shit out of luck, you just have to use windows based units and they suck. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: When I was choosing whether to go to college, I was looking at east coast colleges and I was like, they don't have central air and I'm not going to be able to survive the humid
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: in the summer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: made is probably, this is probably the coldest part I would assume so northeast that it would be even worse than in other states.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, So in Kentucky, there's probably no tornadoes either. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Um To my knowledge, no, not at least not in Lexington. I've never had a tornado warning or anything like that. I haven't ventured much outside of Lexington. So in rural areas maybe, but I really have no interest in in venturing. Like when you leave the civilization part portions of Kentucky of Lexington and Louisville, it gets like very, very like a redneck murderer town. Like every basically every other city. That's the way it is.
SPEAKER_R: In Kentucky, the mountains or the Appalachians? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think the Appalachians probably go through, I don't know of hands, that's probably portion of it, you know, Appalachians end in Maine. So I've done portions of that trail. I don't know if it hits Kentucky at all. It's not really showing on the map. No Appalachian mountains or southeast. Well yeah I guess the very southeast portion of Kentucky. The appellations passed through there but not where I am. Yeah and then they just travel up north east. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, over here we don't get hurricanes or anything like that, but we do get forced fires in an earthquake, so
SPEAKER_L: Forest fires, earthquakes. I thought about moving out west coast and I was I was deterred by my dad because of earthquakes but the forest fires have been insane between you know is it still going on
SPEAKER_R: Um, no, I think they're all gone but like there's probably some small ones on, but yeah, it's been really bad this year. Especially
SPEAKER_L: Between what this this year and in Australia at the end of 2019. And people say global warming isn't real.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I would love to live in the forest, but now like all this forest fire stuff has changed my mind.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't live without a solid internet connection. That's like my number one determining factor I could otherwise live anywhere. But I would need internet and A. C. That's pretty much all I need.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah, but the thing is, it's like Silicon Valley, so it is better. They're like other parts of the nation here. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so do you have any other hobbies other than dungeon and dragons
SPEAKER_L: Pretty basic. I play video games, stream,
SPEAKER_R: two?
SPEAKER_L: netflix and with all kinds of streaming sites and then writing and my cats. That's one of my favorite parts about. I feed a bunch of stray cats too, so throughout the day I can get up every half an hour to an hour and walk around a little bit and check outside. And one of the cats is usually there. One of my cats, I have two outdoor cats and then the stray cats, one of them is usually there and I can pester them for a few minutes before they got to know it. That's one.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The only bets
SPEAKER_R: No, I have always wanted a dog. Both.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Currently
SPEAKER_L: like dog
SPEAKER_R: I live in a currently
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: I live in an apartment, so yeah, I can't really own any animals, but hopefully soon
SPEAKER_L: How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm like I'm 19.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, you're really young, man. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: How old are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm 34. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you have plenty of time 19, especially you graduated 22 and then if you do PhD, you know, maybe mid twenties or whatever, it'll end up eating. So yeah, I love having cats. I have five now. Two of them are stories that I've adopted in the last year. Well they
SPEAKER_R: Cats
SPEAKER_L: get along pretty
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: require as much attention as dogs. Right.
SPEAKER_L: That's, that's pretty much why I like them. They're so low maintenance. So like when I travel and stuff like that, I hire a rover, which is just like an uber driver type deal. Just a person comes over and checks my cat's food and water, refills it and then scoop the litter box. They do that every other day and it's 15 bucks. So it's nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Do they scratch at anything? All right.
SPEAKER_L: You can basically assume that if you have anything fabric, it's gonna get torn
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: up. Oh, come to terms with it. Yeah. Yeah. No. So do you do like streaming shows and stuff like that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I don't do that. But yeah, I have an Xbox. So sometimes when I have the time I play.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yeah. Yeah. My brother is really big into Xbox. The new one came out yesterday. I didn't preorder it. I'll wait and buy one. Probably january, february.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like that. They're allowing you to play like the older games now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The backwards compatible is something that is very convenient because you can play your older games on your console, you need to buy a new version of it or anything. It's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think my favorite games are assassins Creed or Far Cry.
SPEAKER_L: I never played Far Cry. I played assassin's creed, black flag and I played the shit out of that. That was really good. And then I played assassin's creed odyssey and I got to level 40 I got the level cap and did all of the extra stuff and then got bored during the campaign and stop playing.
SPEAKER_R: I think I I played assassin's creed, Unity and syndicate and I like that because it's like historical and I kind of like that. So yeah, I like Unity a lot.
SPEAKER_L: That's that's yeah. Unity is what colonial, right? Colonial America
SPEAKER_R: It's no, it's France, it's like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: french revolution so it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: party.
SPEAKER_R: interesting actually.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And then syndicate was like the US or no, it's London, right? It's
SPEAKER_R: London.
SPEAKER_L: like a Yeah and it's like the gangster like late, late 19th century, early 20th century.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like the steampunk victorian era. So like the late 18 hundreds. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Yeah, so that one looks good. I'll end up picking them up eventually I tried to play the first one but I tried to play it like this year and it's 15 years old and the gameplay is just terrible so I couldn't do it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I want to play um this first few because that's what I heard that they're really good. But I want to play the second Far Cry.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard good things about that series, but it's like the action adventure has never been, I've always been more like RPG and then first person shooters, those type of games. Um so I've never played any of the Far Cry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Far Cry is really good. It's like the third one is really good because of the villain in it. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is the third one? The one that just came out?
SPEAKER_R: No, the one that just came out is number six I think.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. So there's a because I know that the villain is Giancarlo esposito who is really good. He was on Breaking Bad. And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: then,
SPEAKER_R: better called Soul.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And then the sign is Michael Mando, who was actually in Better Call Saul. I haven't watched the most recent season of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Far Cry Car Craig is a really good series.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, mostly play on Pc now just because it's it's easier. I can play while I'm working, while I'm waiting. So I play single player games and then it's easy because I can pause, you know when you're ready to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Among us is all the hype right now
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that was funny when an AOC played with Elena
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: mar and uh their stream like shattered records or something ridiculous like that. That was that was pretty cool. I haven't played it. Uh I should, but
SPEAKER_R: it's like pretty fun to play. Like, especially
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: if you're alone, you can just go online and just find any game going on right then.
SPEAKER_L: so I used to play a lot of Overwatch. I haven't played a probably a year now actually. Well, but that was why it was fun because you just get in and get a game played for 20 minutes and be done
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I used to play
SPEAKER_L: medications.
SPEAKER_R: Call of Duty on Xbox a lot, but now he's not anymore.
SPEAKER_L: My brother was obsessed, has always been obsessed with the Call of Duty franchise and he always wants me to play and I've never like, I like first person shooters on Pc but I definitely don't like them on console because I suck. I mean I just stuck with the controller versus keyboard mouse. Um Yeah, I've never really gotten into it.
SPEAKER_R: I just don't like how like Call of Duty they like guide you to everything. There's no open world, which I like and like assassin's creative Far cry. So I think that's why I like those Open World games.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've played, I played Black Flag. I really, really liked that gameplay was good and then the setting was awesome because the pirates, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Is obviously the one that takes place in Greece.
SPEAKER_L: uh into Egypt. I'm sorry, I'm sorry not odyssey is the one that takes place in like Greece and Rome or whatever. I don't know, I played origins which is the one that takes place in Egypt. I didn't play odyssey.
SPEAKER_R: No, out.
SPEAKER_L: got bored in origins.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How was origins like?
SPEAKER_L: Uh the gameplay is really good, but I don't really particularly care about like Egyptian mythology. So the story just like didn't really grab me and I literally like there was so much extra content and I went and played through it all got to max level, like played like 10 missions into the story and then when I went back and tried to play it I just got bored and stop playing. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I feel like the next one they're gonna make, it's going to be set in America somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Well the Holla came out like this month which is nordic and it looks awesome. Um I thought there was like a colonial America one. What's going on?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. There's been a bunch so there might be Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay let's spend 25 minutes. So good talking to enjoy your money.
SPEAKER_R: Nice talking to you. Yeah.