Hey.
Good. How are you?
I'm calling from California
Bay area.
true.
Where
are you calling from? Kentucky?
it's like in the middle. Actually,
no, we don't when you get like the perfect temperature here. Yeah.
Yeah. I've always wanted
to go to Maine though in the fall.
huh.
What are all those figurines behind you?
All
right. Yeah, that's impressive.
Mm hmm. Mhm. So how many times have you done this? Like the chat thing
and
yeah, yesterday I had one for seven o'clock and then the other person didn't show up either.
No. Uh in the evening. Yeah,
yeah, it's new.
I'm a student. So yeah, I'm learning, I'm studying microbiology,
go into research. Maybe
like biochemistry
or just maybe go to PhD
What's your Bachelor, is it?
But did you need the degree
to like, apply?
So
it
Oh, that's great.
Two.
that's that sounds like a great job actually.
Yeah, because of like this coronavirus thing, I had to rethink my career options because I didn't want something that required me to go like outside if need be. So like, that's why I'm doing a computer science minor now. Yeah.
So
I
can
like do computational biology or anything from home.
How long was your commute otherwise
colleges?
And you still get paid for like all eight? Uh
How long
have you been collecting those figurines for legos?
Mm.
Um, I like learning new things a lot. So like when Covid just started, I picked up embroidery, so that was pretty cool. And then I started going into knitting and crushing. But now, like I'm too busy with school and everything. But yeah, usually when I get the time I like painting or in the summer I went biking a lot. So that was nice.
that's where you go, abstract.
That requires skill to.
So
um I moved here from India when I was like six or seven and so I've been here ever since then. Yeah,
Yeah, it's like from a stay in the north of India.
Um it's not the number one language because like a lot of south south of India has a bunch of different languages is just like the most majorly spoken.
No,
how is the Dominican republic?
D. R. Is in like central America. Right,
Yeah.
I've always wanted to go there because like the oceans here in the pacific they're like super cold and it's the way hard to swim. And then yeah.
heart
and
here in California, we actually have like a cold front going on. So it's been pretty cold like 40 F. But like we're to other parts of the world, it's nowhere they're
cold.
I like the cold weather because you can wear like warm stuff but like in the hot you can't like take off your skin or whatever.
Yeah. Yeah I've I've been to europe like two years ago or something and we went to England and then France and italy and it was just like two days at each city. So we went to paris and then we went to venice which was really nice and then Florence and in Rome so. Yeah. Oh.
Yeah but being there right now must be great because there's so few tourists. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Um I like I like working out like biking and then I also like going hiking but it's been a while since I've done that and the main problem is like no nobody I know like really likes hiking so. Yeah.
the thing is California is like some pretty nice thoughts like Yosemite and in Lake Tahoe and then a bunch of other places. So it's nice to go there.
Yeah san Francisco or Los Angeles. Okay. I've only been to L. A. Like once in my life so yeah
even
I don't
have.
Yeah living here it's like kind of normalized like long commutes so like two hours going somewhere doesn't feel like anything.
the
population here is like either one million or three million so a
bunch of traffic. Yeah.
Why Indianapolis?
Does Kentucky get like hurricanes and stuff?
wow, Kentucky seems like a nice place to live.
When I was choosing whether to go to college, I was looking at east coast colleges and I was like, they don't have central air and I'm not going to be able to survive the humid
in the summer. Yeah.
Yeah, So in Kentucky, there's probably no tornadoes either. Right?
In Kentucky, the mountains or the Appalachians? Right.
Yeah. Yeah, over here we don't get hurricanes or anything like that, but we do get forced fires in an earthquake, so
Um, no, I think they're all gone but like there's probably some small ones on, but yeah, it's been really bad this year. Especially
Yeah, I would love to live in the forest, but now like all this forest fire stuff has changed my mind.
Mhm Yeah, but the thing is, it's like Silicon Valley, so it is better. They're like other parts of the nation here. So,
so do you have any other hobbies other than dungeon and dragons
two?
that's nice.
No, I have always wanted a dog. Both.
Currently
I live in a currently
I live in an apartment, so yeah, I can't really own any animals, but hopefully soon
I'm like I'm 19.
How old are you?
Cats
don't
require as much attention as dogs. Right.
Do they scratch at anything? All right.
What?
Uh No, I don't do that. But yeah, I have an Xbox. So sometimes when I have the time I play.
Yeah, I like that. They're allowing you to play like the older games now.
Yeah, I think my favorite games are assassins Creed or Far Cry.
I think I I played assassin's creed, Unity and syndicate and I like that because it's like historical and I kind of like that. So yeah, I like Unity a lot.
It's no, it's France, it's like
the
french revolution so it's pretty
interesting actually.
London.
Yeah. It's like the steampunk victorian era. So like the late 18 hundreds. Yeah.
I want to play um this first few because that's what I heard that they're really good. But I want to play the second Far Cry.
Yeah, Far Cry is really good. It's like the third one is really good because of the villain in it. So Yeah.
No, the one that just came out is number six I think.
And
better called Soul.
Yeah. Far Cry Car Craig is a really good series.
Yeah. Among us is all the hype right now
I am.
it's like pretty fun to play. Like, especially
if you're alone, you can just go online and just find any game going on right then.
Yeah, I used to play
Call of Duty on Xbox a lot, but now he's not anymore.
I just don't like how like Call of Duty they like guide you to everything. There's no open world, which I like and like assassin's creative Far cry. So I think that's why I like those Open World games.
Is obviously the one that takes place in Greece.
No, out.
Yeah. How was origins like?
I feel like the next one they're gonna make, it's going to be set in America somewhere.
I don't know. There's been a bunch so there might be Yeah.
Nice talking to you. Yeah.