Yeah. Oh, where? It sounds like you're coming from Australia.
I'm in north Carolina right now. Yeah.
Uh huh uh Durham area.
Yeah. Yeah. They say we're three hours from the ocean. Three hours from mountain, which is too far to go to either, in my opinion.
Yeah, that's um that's about like, yeah, three hours. Yeah.
Um Well, I I'm just, you know, I know that six o'clock now, so I
got the time right here on my computer.
I'm Mark. How about you? Oh, but yeah.
Okay.
They're
gonna mention, so what keeps you busy? What are you interested in?
You're
you're teaching is a full time driver. That's uh
Um I teach full time. I do a community college thing.
Yeah. Like chemistry and physics. Yeah.
Fun stuff.
Yeah. So, alright. You doing online because of Covid? Or is it like a sub thing?
I'm not
Is
that where you have the Nasca line?
I didn't hear.
Let's go.
And can you, can you actually see him from the ground? Like do they look like anything from?
All
Yeah.
is that where they have pyramids and stuff also?
that's what I was thinking. I'm there.
So is there anything else on your bucket list? It sounds like like that was just one of my questions is what's on your bucket list, but it sounds like you've done a lot.
Careful with that one.
Yeah. I don't know what to be more careful with gorillas or Chernova.
No.
Um Gosh. You know, I, I knew like these are going to get flipped on me and I wasn't gonna have answers. Like
the only thing that comes to mind is um I don't know. I just like I guess no, I guess short answer. No. But last time I did have one It was when I was you know like 2030 years ago and what was on it was watched the new star wars movie
and
pitch for the Chicago cub. But then that kid did it in the one movie fictionally and I was like that's not that's not cool anymore because the kid already did in the movie.
And then the Star Wars movie was terrible when it came out.
Uh huh. You like
the Star Wars you saw?
Yeah. Yeah. They did know. Yeah. They started in the middle and then they did the prequel trilogy and then they did the ending trilogy.
Yeah. I don't know. I mean that's the way they started making movies too. Like they always like start them on the under the middle and they'd be like yeah and then they stopped me like you might wonder how you got here and then we'll go back and tell the story. You know
they did they have Georgia or banks in them.
Delete Dude.
Okay. Well okay that makes that makes sense like with paris and Forward and the the
kind of the night
I
know they did that from
that was Carrie Fisher because she died. But I think
Harrison
ford still alive.
They
they
just killed him off. Unfortunately.
He
got
you got I feel like I'm like putting spoilers out all like in like tens of spoilers but he got the sword, the sun pull it open with lightsaber right into them.
Right right. There are there are quite a lot now every every year they do new ones together. Yeah.
Come
on. Um I don't know um I think I spent too much time reading on the internet these days but um I don't know I just um but there's always some kind of project to do or if I have enough free time, there's always something that he's done or something. But yeah I don't know, we got we got a two year old
It's
yeah we want running around outside today.
Um to it good extent yeah. Uh They're still um they're still doing some face to face classes and uh the lab portions of my science courses can't be online or else they will not transfer so um yeah they kind of it's kind of weird though but yeah they say you know we have to be socially distant and you know whenever we're on campus and you just can't do that with a full class. So they divided it into two enough three different sections.
So any any kid only comes once every three periods. Uh huh. Yeah. Well I basically do the same thing over and over for six kids. Uh Six kids. Yeah.
yeah.
Right here.
Come
on.
yes, some some of the classes, especially Organic chemistry, it's hard, but since everybody thinks it's hard it ends up not being hard because like
You figure out your grade is after you get your test back, you're like Oh I got a 45%. Well is that good or bad? I don't know everybody else. What did you do? How did you do, what would you get?
And
yeah, it turns out 45 might be good, You might decide with a 45. Uh
I'm
talking.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it is without come. Yeah.
So do you know about this prolific website thing Because you're from England? Is it related to that?
Juncker?
Yeah. Yeah. It actually
um I think you know, for a couple of them it's been You know the the cities will say you get $3 and then it gets converted to pounds and then Hey Pal converts it back from pounds, $2. Uh you know.
Yeah, I think maybe um yeah, I don't know if they give you know you and me here, you know a lot of american studies because we're in America or what, but maybe maybe that's a um maybe you know a lot of studies are being done in America. Yeah.
I guess.
Oh yeah, this is my 2nd 1. For my, for my first one it was, it was a guy who was like exactly like me like in terms of like he went to grad school and he was like my age and like kind of um he seemed like kind of quieter like me, he didn't have many questions and um but then like I kind of realized that he was like really conservative but I'm pretty liberal and so my thought was like, hey they're pairing up liberals and conservatives to see like if they hate each other like get along with their forced to talk to each other.
I'm
40.
right. Yeah, I lose track of, you know who I told what so many questions all the time. Yeah, I mean anyway they'd have to, you know, do some they wouldn't have to just pair of conservatives and liberals, they have to, you know, do some, you know the
same
viewpoints and compare with is like an all, you know, we're really control type of groups
good.
Uh no more than six times.
Did you have to cut out early or something? And did you just rush rush home or what
is that the court thing that you said you work at a court and what what is that like? What do you what do you what do you know what your average day like, what do you do?
What?
all
Uh huh I've been in the court one time in the last many, many years and it was for a a speeding ticket. They actually um Um they got me for like reckless driving because I was going 15 over. Uh and the whole court was just packed with people like a procession multiple lines where
it's
like
they were who are
you? Probably
yeah like the county level probably. Um But yeah like they're just like one after another, people were like here we're reducing your sentence to an equipment violation, Reckless driving, an equipment violation. Do you plead guilty to $200 plus fine? Yes. You know I'm like just so like in the time I was there for like an hour they converted like 150 people traffic
tickets to equipment violation.
I
don't
know.
me it was a mandatory appearance. Yeah.
Yeah
I forget exactly the details but I thought maybe them because they won't tell you exactly like what the cost is when they give you the ticket like they were like yeah, you're getting court appearance. Um I'm like what's the ticket for like, you know, they'll figure that out for it like, so I was thinking maybe so people don't like, You know take it out on the officers, you know like go crazy on the office is like $500 tickets, would you know or something like that? But
Mhm
No,
not months.
I realized I know people who were um he's like uh internship uh in courts and there they've been doing stuff most of the summer from home. Yeah.
Uh huh
Oh
word
he kind of tops me even I have to do that because I live really far from the college,
so in a normal year I worked Tuesday through thursday and the college hasn't always been that accommodating with me. Um And but you know a few years ago a new dean uh took over, you know and leading you know my position and he's like yeah we're going to set you up with a three day week schedule from you know and into the foreseeable future,
so um but yeah technically because of the The president like she came in and she was all about the power of presence that was her her tagline, so she wanted people to be on campus five days a week
and I was like you know this isn't working, I need an exception and they're like you have to schedule something every day week, so I scheduled like one office our at monday evening and I just didn't really show up for it.
Yeah, that's, yeah, that's a really great thing. Um It's definitely helping that, that right there is, is making it work out even though it's a really really long drive,
like an hour and a half. Yeah, I guess the sands would you have um it's kinda it's kinda nice actually look better than being closer and going five days a week because you know, you're on, you're just doing it for, you know, two or three days in a row and then
and
your mama. Yeah. Mhm.
my wife literally bikes to work,
Process engineer. Um Yeah, she works with bio marry you, which is like the kind of biotech company. They actually, one of the things they were doing was working on a fat covid test. So that was, you know, they started doing that back in february. Uh
Yeah. Um Honestly I not,
I don't updated in a long time, but I know their stock is doing really well. I
guess they're going to have, you know what with the pandemic, have a lot of relevant things to do. Um Yeah, this is ever
if this is ever over. I hope people still, I hope it's still okay. Like like this working from home culture continues, I hope.
I've heard that it's it's like a bad enough pandemic and you know, enough people are dead or like seriously ill forever than like it like brings a lot of power to the working class and it will, you know, serve to level out inequality in society. But
like
this one isn't that bad. It's like, you know, if it was worse, then it
would be you know, you know empower workers but it's just bad enough to you know give a shock that you know um enriches the billionaires even more. So you've got
all the
are specific ones like 40, You know like
they were talking about you know those big three or four internet companies like google facebook amazon?
I
don't I don't think, you know, I don't think whoever did zoom is like a billionaire because
I don't think it might be part of another company for all and I don't know but but I don't like Zuckerberg so friends
who
Bezos and like a Google Guy or two like they're like they're just rolling in at like 30, 40%
these are
with
just
um I don't even keep track anymore. But I know the number I heard the figure I heard was that Bezos just with the increase in wealth since February could give each of his 800,000 employees of $100,000 Bonus. Like just like here everybody $100,000 for you and you and you know he would be just as rich as he was in February.
Uh Yeah I mean they're never gonna just give it away. But.
Yeah until the stocks crash. That's what you know my my issue, you know my wife is like yeah just you know um well you know you should we should be investing in stocks because over the long term they'll go up and you know everybody's buying tech stocks. They've been very well since the pandemic. But where do they make all their money? Like almost all their money comes from advertising with is being paid for by other companies. And if the economy gets bad enough, those companies aren't going to make any money and they're not going to pay for advertising. And then, you know, I guess I'm thinking of google and facebook here, I guess amazon is gonna just continue to
I mean It's I mean isn't hard to say like that somebody should have that much money because like the average average well off person makes 100,000.
How
much?
I
mean.
Tax evasion. Tax avoidance, the family different, but it means the same to me. Uh
And trump didn't either, but maybe because, you know, actually doesn't make money.
Mhm.
No.
What
do you take? $100,000? 100 million is 1000 times more. Right. Yeah, a billion dollars is 10,000 times that much. It's what you say, you know, you know, somebody says not everybody should make an equal income because you get incentivized uh you know, being uh working hard and you know, growing and taking risks and success and all that, but and and and one might say to that, well sure, you know, You might say somebody can make 100 times more than somebody else. You can have 100 times the wealth of somebody who works 40 hours a week and is still successful. I mean, if you think about, you know, People don't make 100,000, you know, 500 times that much, you know? But idea really need 10,000 times
good.
Yeah. Clearly not. I mean, clearly you can't possibly work that hard, But and and and does somebody really work 10,000 times smarter than somebody else either? I mean,
I
don't know.
I mean, I think you're seeing that happening, you know, I mean.
mm,
Mhm.
Um but we have Gone um we've done 25 minutes and then a couple of minutes to, you know, so we are in the safe zone of having definitely done 25 minutes of chatting.
Yeah. Guitar. Guitar.
Good night in the bug.