Hello? Can you hear me? Mhm.
I'm in America but I'm from London. What about you?
we're in north Carolina.
Okay. I've always wanted to go. I've never been to north Carolina world to Durham.
Yeah, I've heard that. I'd like to go see is it Outer Banks?
Yeah, I'm in Athens Georgia. I'm not far from you. Um But did you set a timer?
I left my phone downstairs.
Okay. So good. So what what's your name?
Um
I'm Elizabeth nice to meet
you.
Um I travel as much as I can anywhere that and I work out and I teach on the side and then my full time job. What about
you?
No, I teach english online to um students just in my spare time. And then I work um at the courthouse, at a courthouse. What about you?
Okay. What do you teach?
Not
get in the street.
No, I did it. Um I started before Covid, one of my friends told me about it. I was just wanting to supplement my income to be able to travel more. So did I. Um did it started in february because I was going to Peru and so I wanted to have extra money but I had booked a hike Machu pichu
and then Covid so I didn't get to do it. I got stuck there. Uh huh.
So
yeah I saw the Nazca lines.
they have the candelabra is in um Perak. I think it's caracas by the uh one of the islands called on my phone with me. But you can go see the about about other speak spanish bell stead island. It's like the poor man's Galapagos. And then you can on the way from eric keeper to Crisco
you can you can stop in nascar and see the lines. So
you can I mean you can kind of see them but you can't tell what they are. You have to go up. They have a new viewing tower. So if you go up you walk up you can see them. But some people will fly over them as
well. Yeah
they cool to see. Mm
No that's well they have uh that's I don't think they have pyramid. They have like the inca culture but they don't I guess if you want to see the pyramids you'd have to go to Egypt like pyramids of Giza and stuff. Or you can go if you do if you want to see like the mayan pyramids that uh Belize Guatemala stuff like that. I have.
Yeah you're probably, yeah my um if you, I hiked el Mirador last year and that's like a five day jungle hike and it goes to the what? The biggest pyramid by volume in the world. It's like the middle in the jungle. So
I have a bucket list. Like a mile long. I'd like gorillas and I'd like to go to the congo see the gorillas. Um There's a huge cave in Vietnam, the biggest one in the world. I'd like to go see like see Chernobyl
indiana.
Yeah. I don't think the congo is the safest to go, but I'd like, I'd like to go. So yeah, those two probably aren't. I'd have to be careful but I'd like to do much. You PQ since I didn't get to do that. Oh, I've got a list of like, I mean it's so long. What about you? Do
you have a bucket list?
That's
that's also yeah, Star
Wars I like
He's already done it.
Was that that So I've watched some of the Star Wars, I get confused but I always get here that it's people like it as much as harry potter and I like the ones I saw but I could never keep track because everything was released in different orders.
Didn't
I've seen a lot of them, but I got confused with the story because didn't they release like 456 and then 123?
Yeah. I never understood like why why why wasn't it in order? Mhm.
Yeah, I did I remember liking the ones I saw but I
I think uh God has been years.
I feel like it was the old original ones.
because
the latest one I've seen, didn't they like digit digit digitally image him in?
No
Leila. Who did they do that for?
That
was
yeah. That I'm paying
carry
fish.
That Yeah, I did see that one where he fell, did he fall
to get
put
okay. I remember knowing remember seeing that he died. I did see that. Like I seen that movie. So, but yeah, how do you like, I like the one day so I could just never keep up. Yeah.
Yeah. So what else do you like to
do?
Well it's, is it a boy you have a
boy or go, oh,
oh, that's fun. Are you teaching, are you like working from home with Covid or are you?
but
that's quite a lot.
Yeah, I remember I had to do a lot. Remember, I think I only had to do one lab when I was university. Yeah. And I can't even remember what lab, but it was such a long time ago. Yeah,
I did. I always heard heart like horror stories of how hard the chemistry class was, where I am. Um And I thought everyone had to take it
but somehow
with my major I didn't have to do it. Um I'm
What?
Is that
curved?
That's because that's how we used to do it because I mean I grew up in England that's how we used to do it. So you could get like 30 something on a math test and you get an a. That it
wasn't
like here where you have to have a Some places that you have to have 90 to get an a 80,
70. I mean if you got 90 that was amazing in England. I mean You didn't really get 90's very often. Yeah everything was curved
and plus yeah one of my best friends she did actually my two best friends they both do chemistry one went to Oxford study chemistry And the other one she went to worry but they both it I
actually I found about it I found it on a blogger I follow in England but I've never heard of it the from over here
because everything is well whenever I see any type of payment it's in pounds. Is that what it is on yours?
What?
I haven't I haven't put it in I haven't moved any into my paper. Yeah but I know that if I do get paid in pounds I have like a different line item like it's underneath the dollar amount something so maybe I don't know if it's in english. A lot of the universities seem to be american universities. Are they on the studies?
that's true. Yeah I found it through an english blogger I'd never heard of it before. Thank you. This is actually
the second I scheduled another I scheduled one of these on the weekend and the person didn't show up. Mhm.
Well that's I wonder because I sound more liberal but I went to like I'm liberal. I went to grad school I don't know how old you are
I'm guessing with
Okay I'm 33. Um I'm trying to think what what other things They would I guess they would have just done it from all those 50 like all those questions they asked us in pro in the website. Mhm.
Which
is up
Yeah. Mhm. So can you can do it as many
times as you want?
Okay. I didn't realize I actually didn't I didn't realize I go into work Tuesday thursday in person and I didn't realize I had scheduled it for today so I was like rushing around trying to
um Usually well I mean I usually leave before five and I just, we had we had I had to do something with, we're doing like a graduation. So I had to help test it out until I just got caught at work till later and then I work from home monday Wednesday friday.
um I work in administration for court admin, so it's an office of me and another lady, so it's the two of us and we just, I think the position is meant to actually just do you suffer Superior Court but we do stuff at all of the six courts we have and so every day is different. We manage a lot of the grant, we have um big projects were actually in the works of potentially getting a new courthouse. So our office will have to
help manage that um every invoices ordering like just everything that would keep the
courts running
but
it's
football,
was it Municipal court?
Yeah. Traffic court?
What?
Oh my gosh.
I think I've
got
pulled over once and I know twice what? One time I didn't realize was getting pulled over, but when I got a ticket I just paid it because I didn't want to, it was in a different county and I didn't want to drive back over. But it was, it was like 32 or three. I, because I was like you, I was going Maybe 20 over I think I was going 20 over and he dropped it 50.
Yeah.
Thanks.
I think I had to log into the portal like this was a year ago, this time last year, I think it was right before christmas, but I logged in and it just told me the price and it was like you can just pay it now because otherwise I would have had to drive. It was actually, I was coming back from a work conference in Savannah, so I would have had to drive like two of over two hours to get to the small town that it was sam I think bank on people paying it. Yes.
Yeah. No, our municipal before Covid, it was, it was always busy. Like they had a lot of people
download.
No, I think they're having to, I don't know how they're, I don't know how municipal courts doing that is the one that I don't interact with very much so I'd have to see how they're doing it.
lot of stuff has been virtual. Um
but when I got stuck in peru um I had, I could still work from my Airbnb because I had my ipad and I could just VPN into my desktop so I could do it took a lot longer because the wifi was so slow but I could still do pretty much everything from and then I had to quarantine when I got home so I still I mean most of myself and then I think a lot of the court appearances people could do from home or from the jail so depending how they have it set up mm.
Mhm.
Do you so do you get your schedule because I am work out with a guy who's a I worked with his wife and if we get a personal trainer through the where we work and so and spouses and stuff can do it and so he's a professor and he used to pack his schedule where he only worked Tuesday thursday I mean it was all day but he literally had monday Wednesday, friday saturday sunday off because huge
and
well that's good.
my gosh,
Yeah, I don't blame you, that's yeah, I had to commute when I was in grad school, I commuted, I mean not crazy but it was about an hour and a half and but I tried to pack it just like a few days as possible. So
how long is the drive?
you just get
it done
I like um I like being able to work from home three days a week. So instead of having, I mean even though my commute, I used to commute um so for grad school and to I commuted an hour and a half and then uh I got a job there and I would live in the city during the week and then come back. So my commute was like sunday night I did 4 10 hour days but now my commute is maybe four minutes. Like I should I should walk to work but
I should do that. What does she do?
Have they found anything?
Well you
well that's good.
let me true.
I was speaking to one of my old bosses and she her brothers actually think he's chemistry, chemistry he works for. I come from some big company in California but apparently um after pandemics you always see and I guess it makes sense like a what is it like a renaissance or a change and they think this will change the way people work. Which I hope it does. I mean why should you be stuck in a office cubicle or something if you can
we love
you.
The
I know
me and my trainer have had many discussions about billionaires lately like debates but I'm not even going to go. But yeah because the billionaires have become About 10% richer. 11% richer during all this
crazy.
I would like zoom I haven't seen
gotten big
but
they chase
us.
What
is? He's
one of
150 million isn't eight billion.
Well their wealth just keeps I mean they can't even give it away fast enough that they get you know they're just getting more and more.
Yeah. No but I mean even if they were trying to give it away they can't give it away fast enough to they just keep building. It's crazy.
No just keep going up. Yeah it's yes, I mean it's just crazy how much wealth they have. So but I mean we debate like whether there should be billionaires, but it was it was a heated debate. Mhm. Yeah. But Oh yeah,
that's
I mean
that's my thing. You can't even fathom what I mean, what can you not do? The only thing might that was brought up to me and I still think companies can do it. But it was like space exploration. You would need billions of dollars to do that. But companies can do it. No one individual, well, in my
opinion,
needs that much money and then they dodged tap. I mean this is getting all political, but then they dodge taxes. So it's well, I mean, not dodge them. There's loopholes for for them to get out. It's not seen.
I mean, essentially not paying what basis not pay any tax, but 2016 7 I don't know some of the years or Amazon didn't Uh huh.
He spent $70,000 on haircuts. All right.
So what? I don't know. I know. I know. I don't know enough about taxes, but but
this is a sore
subject.
I mean is that
person really working that much harder than?
Yeah. I mean
I get
they came up with an idea. I and you should I mean that's good. But somebody making that much money at some point. I feel like the the lower classes will be taking advantage, taken advantage of in some like whether it's conditions. I mean all those people.
With all the right. Not
right with all the protesting. So uh
is an interesting topic. So.
Good. Well, that was very nice to meet you.
Yeah. Good talking to you.
Yeah. I'll see you later. Bye.