SPEAKER_L: mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, with all
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm
SPEAKER_L: not too much, not too much, just a lazy sunday for me.
SPEAKER_R: what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm christian, what's your name
SPEAKER_R: I'm Alina.
SPEAKER_L: leah? Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's my second one.
SPEAKER_L: I've done a couple of like two or three myself. But yeah, I'm glad, you know, I was about to ask your name too if you didn't ask because every other time I like forgot to ask that and they did too, I just want the whole time and then like crazy and like go away by the way, like I would just be nice to know. But How did the other one go?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's good. It's actually like yesterday. That's the price, I guess. That's one soon. Right.
SPEAKER_L: that's huge. Yeah. I always love when this one pops up because like most of the ones I get just like the 50 cents or like, you know what I mean? The time once and then it's like when a real big fish comes along like this, it's
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: happened?
SPEAKER_L: of like, okay, I gotta get in this one. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: so what do you do like job wise?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a student actually, I mean my last year, yeah, so I've got
SPEAKER_R: no thanks.
SPEAKER_L: one year school before I have to go out and try to be a real adult, so I'm just trying to sleep right right now because I think like these days is an especially difficult time to
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: try and like make that transition. Yeah, um but yeah, so I'm up here at school, everything's remote though, like I go to school in Chicago, so uh they're definitely
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: steering on the cautious side, so it's just weird,
SPEAKER_R: Oof,
SPEAKER_L: not the senior year that I had in mind by any means, but at least I'm up here, which is like one part of the puzzle, so that's cool. What about you,
SPEAKER_R: No muscle student, But this is my first year.
SPEAKER_L: 1st Year? Yeah. Where do you go?
SPEAKER_R: I go to University of Rochester.
SPEAKER_L: Is that new york? Yeah. Right. How
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: do you like,
SPEAKER_R: that state.
SPEAKER_L: are you like from new york? Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. From Rochester
SPEAKER_L: wow. How is that so far? Oh man. Are you, are you at school or at home?
SPEAKER_R: um at the helm currently, but like I still go to classes sometimes
SPEAKER_L: Oh, do you guys have in personalized,
SPEAKER_R: uh just for like a couple of just like one of my courses. That's it.
SPEAKER_L: is it like a lab or something?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no, it's actually just a lecture, but there's like very few people in there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um and honestly I never thought I would like miss going to class, but like after such a long time, I mean like you were in high school like in the spring now. How did that go? Like what did you guys go all remote to? What are you doing? Even
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: like election zoo?
SPEAKER_R: you haven't. Yeah, I mean, why should zoom like when like the school is closed down? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't of the greatest though. Like a lot of teachers. It's got lazy.
SPEAKER_L: Not at all.
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: for like in high school, I mean kind of the same
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: way for me, like when you're at senior year, especially like second semester, that's like the time more than ever were like, you probably had college figured out where you're going to go at least like you can finally like take your foot off the gas if you felt like you were stressed out before and then all, like the fun stuff like just gets yanked away from you. Like, I know my little brother, he's in high school now. He's a a junior this year, so I still got a little more time, but I just felt bad for the seniors for uh, that year. Just like missing problem and all that stuff. Fun. It's okay. It's okay. Life will go on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: true. True. I mean I guess miss someone like the senior church and stuff like that, but besides that, not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good. That's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, I don't know if you played like a sport or anything, but I know like I'm in Illinois and I'm a part of like my hometown facebook group. I don't know if you guys had something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Like like a college facebook or like those
SPEAKER_L: No, not
SPEAKER_R: things?
SPEAKER_L: even college. Just like my hometown, like where I'm from. Yeah. Yeah. Our little town has like its own like what's happening, facebook group And it's just like, it's a disaster. Like it's just like, because people will post things in there that are just so obviously like gonna split everybody right down the middle. And I think, Oh man, it's just like, sometimes I see something like that where someone posted something and I know like there's like already 70 comments. I'm like, I know exactly what I'm going to see in here and like, It's 5050 whether I'm like, I need to see it anyway. Or like, no, not today. It's not worth it. A lot of people were mad about like the sports seasons being derailed because obviously like if you're not having class,
SPEAKER_R: Welcome.
SPEAKER_L: you can't have kids sweating all over your stuff, But it seems like they figure out a plan for that. So that's, that's good. Do you have
SPEAKER_R: Paris a major wise, I'm like undecided, but I think I'm gonna go down to business right, so far.
SPEAKER_L: all right on? Yeah. And I mean early on, like I'm a computer science major. Um And like I kind of knew that coming in, but like no matter what you do, at least in my school, like general classes and like all those credits are going to take up the majority of your first two years. They really don't need to like have your mind made up in any direction. How did you decide on in Rochester? Just want to stay close to home or what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Pretty much. Also I got a really nice scholarship here because of the school I went to
SPEAKER_L: There we go.
SPEAKER_R: her decisions fully covered, so living at home to save money.
SPEAKER_L: there we go. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. I had something kind of similar over by me.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from like the suburbs of Chicago. Uh And my school is like, so there's Chicago in the name. I think that's just like a marketing move. Because like, I mean if you mailed song to me would say Chicago. But like if you're thinking like Chicago, like downtown, like the beating all that stuff, that's like a good 45 minutes like down the train, you gotta take the or something. So um But yeah, I kind of did a similar thing, I gotta created scholarships and it's nice because it definitely narrowed things down. I felt like I was kind of up in the air before that and uh once you have time like that in the tail, it kind of makes things a little more clear. Mhm. Are you sick of being at home to? I mean you must have been looking forward to like the first year of college is so exciting.
SPEAKER_R: Girl. Yeah. Because we asked planning to be commuting already. So I was like looking at clubs to like meet people, but like a lot of the clubs aren't going on at all, so I was like, oh, I know a couple of people in college. Not too many yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I feel for you honestly. But yeah, even up here like they told the freshman it was kind of like a mess how they delivered. I don't know how like Rochester was, but for us like all throughout the summer, like initially they had said we're going to do like a straight up half and half thing with class. So like I'm not exactly sure how that was gonna look for real. Like whether it was gonna be you coming like every other day and then the days are not in you're online or if it's just like half and half, I don't really know, but they said they're going to have in half and then they're like actually with our fingers crossed, like just kidding whatever like to after that um And
SPEAKER_R: Pretty
SPEAKER_L: like in that time period it was so close to the beginning of semester. So we're like people heard the first announcement like we're gonna have class at least a little bit in person. They're like okay if they were on the fence about coming to actually be on campus or not, They were like okay this is my signal. Like I'm going to show up now. So a bunch of people ended up getting apartment or like things like that. They ended up closing the dorm.
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: It was like if you're going
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you just like find something kind of like on your own like private. And then uh like yeah, a week and a half after that, they're like actually like maybe not. Um But of course all the people that you know made a split
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: second decision in between those two announcements was like sorry about that. So there apparently are some freshman up here like. Yeah just apartments or something. I think they like I saw some posts about like looking for roommates just like pair up in an apartment. But yeah, I'm not sure like. Like nothing is open on campus, clubs are like everything over zoom like it's pretty restricted so not the
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: greatest.
SPEAKER_R: they think my school is a little bit less restrictive? Like I still sleep people on campus there? So like actually have like a couple of activities and things going on, which inspires me.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah that's good. That's good. I like is like a football team or something. Both.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't pay. You didn't, no. I think it's just like a couple of like, like it was like a couple of food trucks for a freshman a couple days ago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. They definitely got to do what they can at least like here, I have no idea what they're doing. I'd say that it's a bad time to be a freshman at Loyola but hopefully other places are doing a bit of a better job.
SPEAKER_R: I mhm.
SPEAKER_L: No. Are your teachers like good with the whole zoom thing or they do they seem like this is the first time I touched a computer before.
SPEAKER_R: no, I've been pretty good. The only thing is like my accounting professor has like the worst handwriting ever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: God.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Does she like share the screen or something or like how did you do that?
SPEAKER_R: No, he shares like the computer screen and like, you know, like you're right in words, you can use your mouse. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh dan. That's that's gross.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like that. Everything is good.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have any like uh it's like the way classes are broken up there for us. We have like If you're on a Monday Wednesday Friday class, it's like 15 minutes. If it's Tuesday Thursday then it's like An hour 15. And then if you have like a 12 week class that was like 2.5 hours, you got anything like that, but a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: long question.
SPEAKER_R: Just, I think they're kind of split of like one course will be 15 minutes, will be three times a week And then two courses probably could be like an hour and 15.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Same thing, if you ever take one of those like once a week, courses 2.5 hours, like make sure it's something that you really can like get
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: yourself into because 2.5 hours of anything that's like way too much time to expect someone attention. I've had, it was like in person and having some remote now, and like in both cases, at least when I'm at home, like, I don't have to feel guilty about yawning because just sitting there in the same spot trying to listen to someone granted you for that amount of time is ridiculous. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What class was that?
SPEAKER_L: it was a computer science class too, so not, it's a little bit dry, not too fun and stuff in the world. The lecturer to was just oh my God, I hated this guy, he was just like he was so hard to follow and like his luxuries were just like one long rambling sentence, so it's kind of like if you lost track of where you were like at any point you checked out, that was it, you might as well just pack your things
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: like daydream until you know the term is over because you did not have a way of really capturing your attention but that's okay that No,
SPEAKER_R: So you have any plans after graduating?
SPEAKER_L: no, that's a good question. Yeah, I'm I'm like looking for jobs right now um might be like early I guess, but with the way things are right now it's kind of, you know, it doesn't hurt to like try and be a little proactive so yeah, I'm applying different places like full time and it is weird like it's you don't prepare you for this kind of stuff. Honestly, it's kind of like implicit like you got to start doing this and like, they'll probably apply for like internships and stuff like sophomore junior year. And those listings when you find like a post for an internship on a job board will be phrased like to make you feel so comfortable. It's like, we're looking for someone who's a real go getter and like has a can do attitude and like knows Microsoft word, You're like, all right, check, check check, like I'm your man, right? You switch over to like the full time stuff like that's what I'm doing now and it's like, must have five years of experience in blah blah, like, must be an absolute expert and this and that. Honestly, they're not usually looking for something like that. Like they're probably describing like the absolute ideal candidate which will never get, but still, it's just like, I don't know, it turns you off a little bit when you see something you like uh like, I don't know if I really do this, but it's going okay, it's going okay. I'm like, so I was forced to intern somewhere this past summer in Virginia um which like, yeah, I don't know, I never knew, I've never been to Virginia at all, so I was like, okay, might as well be cool to get out of Illinois a little bit. Um But yeah, that switch to remote obviously because everything, so we just did it from home, but it went well and they actually gave me an offer to return to school but they gave him the offer to return to Virginia. I was like uh like I mean even if I had been there this summer I would have been if you wanna just because like besides like the scholarship I picked up my school here because I like being close to home, you know? So like to like pick up and move from here to like a couple of states away. I don't know for me right now. It just seems like too big of a jump. So it's on the table. But like really if I could find something closer to like like in the city ideally then that's what I would take. But yeah, I'm just like talks right now with other places, nothing concrete. So it's just it's just a matter of waiting and seeing.
SPEAKER_R: Uh We ask questions like about those internships uh Like, so it was in another state. Do they pay for your expense and travels and stuff? We have to cover that up your
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: own pocket.
SPEAKER_L: most of the time. Yeah. Yeah definitely. They cover you. Um This one was going to like like housing, it was gonna be like uh if you depict an apartment that they like provided for you and like you don't have to worry about red or anything, it's just like all handled on their end. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: If you didn't want to do that they would just give you like the equivalent of like the length of the internship in rent and then it's like you go and find somewhere else. Um But yeah I say most places like you'd be surprised like they definitely try to make you feel like you know we want you and you know they do things like that
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: to reflect that. But yeah, friendships like I would say in general like even as a freshman, I don't want to like intimidate you or anything. IsIS is even intimidating. It's just like, don't feel like you're not ready for something because like, I don't think anyone is ready for an internship or like a real job, if that's what you think that is, you know, it's just like the whole point of an internship especially is like to take someone who is willing to learn and teach them these things, you know what I mean? So I don't think anyone is ready for as a junior going into this internship this summer, like you think three years of, you know, learning about this thing that I'm majoring in, I should be ready, but like I didn't feel ready, not even a little bit, but it went fine and yeah, a lot of it was just like learning the way they do things. It's a lot different between like what you learn in class and you know how it might actually be like in an actual company. So yeah, don't let that stop you if you have ever like that doubt of like, oh, I don't know if I'm just a freshman or this and that. Like I see em Underqualified like whenever it comes to throwing somebody a resume, like the worst that happens is like, oh, sorry, like not this time, but yeah, absolutely. Couldn't
SPEAKER_R: Keep
SPEAKER_L: hurt
SPEAKER_R: that right
SPEAKER_L: for sure. For sure. I don't know any other college questions. I guess I'm the cop next. We're here.
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I was just worried about like internships and stuff because like my resume isn't that strong,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, that's like, I mean you're fresh out of high school. Yeah, you're totally
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: OK. What? Have you had a job yet?
SPEAKER_R: no that's a problem
SPEAKER_L: I think you're okay. No, my me going into college, the only job I had was I was like a bagger at the grocery store. Uh and I did it well for sure, but at the same
SPEAKER_R: I mean.
SPEAKER_L: time it's not gonna blow anybody away. Like I just like I think a job on that level, any type of job you have like just like make some money, it's really not that different. I don't think that need bagging groceries, it to anybody, it has decided he needs a job so. And then okay after my first year in college
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: though, I did add a big one of my resume. I worked at victoria's Secret for a summer. Yeah. Right. I know. I was surprised too.
SPEAKER_R: I'm surprised.
SPEAKER_L: My neighbor was, she was like the manager at the one at the local mall. And she kept she kept telling me because I don't have a job that summer and she's like if you need something like let me know and I'll hook it up. And I was like you can understand like my I was like I don't know like am I put out for this? But you know what I said, why not? Why not me? And so I said, you know what gina, let's do it. And so she hired me the next day and then I worked I worked at that whole summer and then through like I think I worked there through the next january. So I saw a little bit of everything and yeah, there's exactly a case in point. Did I think I was ready? No, not at all. Was I ever ready? No, I wasn't. Was I good at my job? Probably not. They never even Okay. So when you're a guy working at victoria's Secret, like understandably there's limits on like things you can do like so I I can't like, like the fitting room like obviously yeah, I can't do that. Or like even like the sales people like those are all women. So what I would do is like I would just be in the back room like where all like the stock is just like uh like putting tags on stuff, Things like that, just like the dirty work. Um And then you could also be the cashier, but they never taught me how to be a cashier. Which like just made no sense to me because I could already do so few things that like why would they not teach me that? So at least I'm like a little bit more useful but they just didn't like it would come up all the time. It's not like I was just like flying under the radar like you would come up like hey christian like everyone has to wear these little headset. And so like I would hear them say like, hey can you hop on the register? I'm like no I cannot. So I don't know, good times, good times there. But after about a year I was like yeah, I think I probably ran out the clock.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Good. Uh Do you ever like any hobbies?
SPEAKER_L: Let's see, I'm a huge fan of soccer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Uh like anything with soccer, I play, I was just playing today actually um and watching and stuff too. Yeah, all the time. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: No um I like playing tennis or just video games?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, tennis, you play like uh like competitively, you're just for fun.
SPEAKER_R: Just a friend. I'm not that good competitively.
SPEAKER_L: I tried playing a little bit of tennis this summer with some of my friends and honestly just has like a for someone who's never like played at all, I thought it was a ton of fun, so definitely, definitely a good support to get into. You have any siblings?
SPEAKER_R: I got one an older brother
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, a lot older or what?
SPEAKER_R: Just like my 30 years. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Also is he still in school or what's he doing?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah he's in scratch going to the same school. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so you guys are both at all? Yeah. Does that make it a little better? At least to have like him there?
SPEAKER_R: I don't feel any different because it's always he never loved.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess that makes sense. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: would you?
SPEAKER_L: I've got four brothers. So uh which is like that definitely came in clutch like towards the beginning of like everything being locked down because like I probably would have gone crazy just like not seeing anybody else, but yeah, we've always gotten along and like the like gap in ages between us, it's kind of large. So like my oldest brother is because I'm the fourth youngest, The only 28 And then there's one is 27 and then you go down, the next one is 22, I'm 21 And then the last one is uh is 16 now. So pretty big gap honestly. But yeah, we've always gotten along and like, I think the weirdest thing about like everyone being home around March april things like that was like at that point, especially with the older to like being and grown ass adults at this point. Like I don't think we ever thought we would have all been like in the same house for an extended period of time for like
SPEAKER_R: Business
SPEAKER_L: probably like ever again. Um So there's a lot of fun just like be around everybody again. Just hang out. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: this cardboard so quickly at home. Like I actually miss school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I never thought I'd feel that way. Huh? What about knowledge started up again? Do you still, you still feel that way? Still have a love for education?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm definitely like in college brother in high school, like I'm actually interested in the classes, Like willing to put in the work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. What what class taken out besides that accounting one?
SPEAKER_R: Um Taking economics uh Cup two and japanese.
SPEAKER_L: Hi japanese. Have you? Yeah. Before
SPEAKER_R: No, this is my first time.
SPEAKER_L: how's that going?
SPEAKER_R: It was really hard at the beginning, but I think I'm slowly getting it down.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say it sounds like a steep learning curve. Is it is the hardest part like speaking it or like just like the characters or what? Right
SPEAKER_R: I don't see any characters because there's
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: so many, it's just like two different alphabets. And then like the third one is like candy, which is like each character represents a word. So he was like, It's like, I think like at least 2000,
SPEAKER_L: That's insane. Select
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: so what the teachers have to narrow it down to like what you guys need for like an intro class.
SPEAKER_R: And she was like 60.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. It still sounds like so many. And like I don't know when it comes to like drawing things like that out there. Probably all seem so similar. Does she put you guys into like breakout rooms on zoom? Oh my God. How do you always go?
SPEAKER_R: It goes it depends on like who you get as a part. Like if someone's like really friendly and like talk, this one's really quiet, they just like don't respond back. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Like doing some people don't even have the camera or
SPEAKER_R: No, I wasn't aware of the camera.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's good. I just I've seen a bunch of tic tacs is like just like the worst possible breakout rooms. It's like someone like one dude like trying to talk about the passage or whatever they should shoulder to do. And everyone else is just like it's just their name whatever like camera off microphone off everything. Right? New teachers make you like her for everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just feel like the speaking exercises when you actually need someone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Besides that, it's just up to you.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I guess,
SPEAKER_L: Let's go.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. I just feel bad for like I have this one teacher for my 2.5 hour class. He hasn't talked like a online class before. Like ever I saw he's like always talking about how like he doesn't want to say like directly put your cameras on because I don't think he even can honestly, but he makes it very clear that he would strongly prefer if we did. Because I mean from his perspective is just like all right. Like I'm going to turn on this computer and teach to a bunch of name tags
SPEAKER_R: You have
SPEAKER_L: for 2.5
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: hours. And like when people ask questions, they don't even turn the camera or their microphones on, but just like put it in the chat. Like it's got to feel so disconnected for him compared to what he's used to. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: hope and the spring here we might be able to have a little more flexibility with things. But at the same time like, I don't know. I try not to be too optimistic I guess. I think like the more I think about like when things are going to get better, the more bummed out I get, it's like So many people are like trying to count down like, Oh I can't wait till 2020 is over. And like I totally feel that, but at the same time, like Not much is going to change when the calendar flips from December 31 to January one, you know? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I guess it couldn't hurt to cross your fingers.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just have uh universities don't shut down.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that would be a bummer. I mean at least for me like it can't get much more restricted than were. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah especially for you like it would be nice too. Just be in person from order classes. That's a great way just to get to know people and then obviously clubs and stuff like that, like I'm sure they're probably barely allowing class to go on so clubs probably have like a little bit stricter rules to follow but it's okay. You got four long years. It'll get better.
SPEAKER_R: I hope they don't fly by too quick.
SPEAKER_L: No, not at all. I think that's one thing that like I don't know like I said I don't the longer you're alive the faster time seems to fly by. But Uh huh. I don't feel like the four years I've been here for three, I got us at this point have passed me up that quickly so don't you worry about that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think we're good. I gotta go
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: feel a roommate's cat. But it was good talking to you, leo.
SPEAKER_R: It's a good time to you.
SPEAKER_L: All right, take care. Good luck with school.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Thank