Hi, I'm
what's your name?
I'm Alina.
Oh yeah, that's my second one.
Oh, it's good. It's actually like yesterday. That's the price, I guess. That's one soon. Right.
What
happened?
so what do you do like job wise?
no thanks.
Well,
No.
Oof,
No muscle student, But this is my first year.
I go to University of Rochester.
like
that state.
yeah. From Rochester
um at the helm currently, but like I still go to classes sometimes
uh just for like a couple of just like one of my courses. That's it.
Oh no, no, it's actually just a lecture, but there's like very few people in there.
I mean
you haven't. Yeah, I mean, why should zoom like when like the school is closed down? Yeah.
It wasn't of the greatest though. Like a lot of teachers. It's got lazy.
They
were
no.
true. True. I mean I guess miss someone like the senior church and stuff like that, but besides that, not too bad.
Mhm.
Like like a college facebook or like those
things?
Welcome.
Paris a major wise, I'm like undecided, but I think I'm gonna go down to business right, so far.
Yeah. Pretty much. Also I got a really nice scholarship here because of the school I went to
her decisions fully covered, so living at home to save money.
What?
Girl. Yeah. Because we asked planning to be commuting already. So I was like looking at clubs to like meet people, but like a lot of the clubs aren't going on at all, so I was like, oh, I know a couple of people in college. Not too many yet.
Pretty
Come on.
I
take
it.
correct.
Do
they think my school is a little bit less restrictive? Like I still sleep people on campus there? So like actually have like a couple of activities and things going on, which inspires me.
I didn't pay. You didn't, no. I think it's just like a couple of like, like it was like a couple of food trucks for a freshman a couple days ago.
I mhm.
no, I've been pretty good. The only thing is like my accounting professor has like the worst handwriting ever. Yeah.
Right.
No, he shares like the computer screen and like, you know, like you're right in words, you can use your mouse. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like that. Everything is good.
huh.
Just, I think they're kind of split of like one course will be 15 minutes, will be three times a week And then two courses probably could be like an hour and 15.
All
What class was that?
You
can
So you have any plans after graduating?
Uh We ask questions like about those internships uh Like, so it was in another state. Do they pay for your expense and travels and stuff? We have to cover that up your
own pocket.
that's nice.
Thank
you.
Keep
that right
Uh No I was just worried about like internships and stuff because like my resume isn't that strong,
no.
no that's a problem
I mean.
I
I'm surprised.
Uh huh. Yeah. Good. Uh Do you ever like any hobbies?
Hi.
No um I like playing tennis or just video games?
Just a friend. I'm not that good competitively.
I got one an older brother
Just like my 30 years. Uh
Oh yeah he's in scratch going to the same school. Yeah.
I don't feel any different because it's always he never loved.
would you?
Business
this cardboard so quickly at home. Like I actually miss school.
Well I'm definitely like in college brother in high school, like I'm actually interested in the classes, Like willing to put in the work.
Um Taking economics uh Cup two and japanese.
No, this is my first time.
It was really hard at the beginning, but I think I'm slowly getting it down.
I don't see any characters because there's
so many, it's just like two different alphabets. And then like the third one is like candy, which is like each character represents a word. So he was like, It's like, I think like at least 2000,
you know?
And she was like 60.
It goes it depends on like who you get as a part. Like if someone's like really friendly and like talk, this one's really quiet, they just like don't respond back. All right.
No, I wasn't aware of the camera.
Yeah. I just feel like the speaking exercises when you actually need someone.
Mhm. Yeah, I guess,
I mean it's not too bad.
You have
no.
Well,
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I just have uh universities don't shut down.
Okay.
I hope they don't fly by too quick.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes or
all
It's a good time to you.
You too. Thank