You hear me?
sorry. And I'm kind of in shock that
someone is here.
Uh I don't know if it's your is this your first attempt to speak with someone?
I just mean like because I didn't lost him also, but it took Like three or 4 times to actually connect with
um last time and this time. So it's like Yeah.
Anyways. Mhm.
Yeah, how's it going?
Yeah, me too. Yeah, mm hmm.
Where are you in the US? Because
I think
You know when?
Okay, oh, I'm in California, so it's a little earlier.
Yeah, I mean I saw I have yeah, so I am yeah, I don't know, it's a I have to do something at like eight, so I don't think I can talk for 45 minutes. But
Um Yeah, what
did
you
guys?
So
so I'm I'm a student. Uh
Yeah,
so I go to uh
go to a bible school out in California um sort of starting the bible.
Yeah. What are you or are you doing?
What?
How long have you been working at the retail store?
Very cool. What
do you mind seeing? What I'm just curious if it's somewhere that
petsmart? Okay. I don't have a
I mean I don't have a pet. Sorry
I know I know what petsmart is, I think either petsmart or Petco. I
know we have
one.
Yeah
how do you how do you like it?
Do you uh I guess do you have pets? Yeah
Yeah.
Okay.
It is a lot. Do you live on like a big branch?
Well there okay all your bet. Um
how is that is that something that, yeah
you're um
is that something that you grew up with, where you just had a ton of pets or is that something that you developed?
Is
that
you
I want.
Mhm. Do you do people bring pets into pets? Like I know like the pet store that I've been to like once they had, they like groomed the dogs but I didn't know that they people just left their animals at that smart. Is that?
I see. So you just. Okay wow.
What are we different?
Do they buy it from your store?
That's crazy.
That's super
why
so I think growing up my my parents don't really like animals, not like they don't like animals, but I think they're just like maybe too much to take care of. Um recently we had a conversation because my sister is thinking about getting it, sorry Christy. It's been a while for I think about it. Um So she like texted her group chat and talked about how she wanted to get a dog. Then my dad, my dad started freaking out and then he was talking about like how they poop everywhere and then they shed for and then he was like you get a dog, I don't think I'll ever visit your. So I was like okay, I guess it's pretty clear where you stand on that. But yeah, I think I had like some fish for like a week before they like one day I woke up and they were all just floating in the little bowl and I was like wow, I can't do it. Um But I think I've always wanted to have maybe like a dog or something, but I don't know, I do think it might be a lot of work. Obviously people can do it since you do it with like dogs and 1000 and um, yeah, I don't know.
People
mhm. Can you share Bronski? Uh
Do you said you had two dogs or what kind of dog is other dog?
Yeah.
And
If you get her out the petsmart, are you had her before?
That's cool.
Yeah. What do you do? Like, what do you do with, like, how do you, how do you take care of or do you just let it let it be? I don't know.
wow. I feel like I would take a lot of discipline just to actually clean. I just feel like whenever I go somewhere to a person, to a place where the person
owns a dog, I always leave with like all this dog hair on my pants and then,
yeah, they don't notice.
Is that so it's more like a preemptive thing than where you just like go get the coat off or whatever, but you just do it early before it can actually get on all your stuff. Okay.
I didn't know that.
interesting. I didn't know that about long hair here. Food
learning a lot today. Yeah.
What
um what, what is the like lowest maintenance that that one could get? Yeah.
What?
A leopard gecko, interesting. Yeah,
Why do you, why, why do you think you like having so many animals around? I don't know. I feel like a lot of people like having animals for like companionship, right? Like with dogs, like man's best friend and all that. Bye. You have a lot of animals and I I feel like it's probably not no longer that for you, right? Because you probably or maybe do spend a lot of time with each one. I don't know. I don't know if it does.
Yeah, that's cool. I think what I think I was really curious because when you said leopard gecko, I'm not sure what exactly I'm picturing in my mind um
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
okay. I see. Okay. I see, I understand why it's called the leopard gecko, wow, he's much more agile than I thought I was imagining one of those like people, I don't know what they're called, but the ones that are like really fat and they just kind of sit there and don't move.
Okay. Yeah, I think so. So I think I was like what do you do? Mhm.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
On a leash.
The barrier dragon is in costume. That's
funny. I think I'll probably have to look that up after we finished.
That's
your name.
All right wow. Yeah. Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I can see Are they the ones with the like the flared out thing around their necks? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How can you even put a leash on? Uh huh.
Sure it's
they're illegal. I mean I don't know because they don't have beds and the they're probably the last
Well another reason why we'll never get a fix.
Okay. Um Yeah, I don't, maybe they're illegal. I guess you're the expert so.
No, I like I like hedgehogs. I mean I don't know. I have a friend who owns a hedgehog and it's pretty cute. Um But then again very spiky. Yeah. Do you have a favorite? Is it like choosing between your Children?
There it's cool,
Yeah
I knew someone also who had a rat, they lived on a farm in California. Um Yeah always fresh. He would bring it out and I would be like right that's right and it was just like run around on his on his shoulders or neck or something. Yeah. I never really understood that one but I guess it's like it does seem kind of cool when you talk about like watching a bolivian eating pop quick. Yeah. Yeah. That's very interesting. So you so you said you like
you don't live you're moving you're planning on moving to a ranch.
Are are a larger please? Okay. I guess what kind of place are you living in now then in order to have I imagine like do you do you keep the hawks caged?
Yeah, wow. That's crazy. I'm just like thinking If 10 x 10 x 10 is larger than the size of murder, which I don't think it is, but it's like almost as much.
Fuck.
Mhm. Did you tell the the landlord that you had hawks? And what
was the reaction?
That's pretty cool.
Well yeah, that's that's that's awesome. Wait, so is the hawk the one that was in the cage? Is she
still in the cage outside normally? Okay.
Okay.
Very cool, wow.
I'm just yeah, that's so interesting like having a hawk. Um
Yeah.
Does it, does it snow in south Carolina?
No.
Okay. So do you have to move the cage when that happens or is it Ok. Ok. It is
Ok.
Yeah. Yeah,
I guess I just think like maybe the one from Finland is probably used to the snow. No,
I
don't know.
so probably not. Uh Yeah, so you, are they are they expensive?
So you just, you just got him very recently then, is that
What what was part of the decision to get the bird during
global health?
Department.
huh,
Yeah.
I think that's what I was curious about like because I feel like mhm I was just wondering if it would like if you take them out of the cage, they wouldn't just fly away but they'll come.
Who?
Um
Yeah.
Well I think I can see why the other guy I wanted to talk to you for 45 minutes because this is so interesting.
No, this is so cool. But yeah, I think I should probably go to take the like The survey just so I can make my 8:00 thing. Um but this has been really cool. Thank you for teaching me all these new things about
animals that I didn't know. Um I feel like my last call also I learned a lot of like the person I talked to like what and like the freezer section at target. And I was really fascinated because it's like you know people work there but you just never think about like what's involved with that. Because I was I was telling her like when she said that it just reminded me of like when you go to the grocery store and then you're in the like milk section and then you like see something move behind and you're like who's that?
Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Thank
you so
much.
Yeah. All right. How do we get the rest of your day?