Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Let me christian. Uh huh. Mhm. Right now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. You can read more and more. Shut up. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Anything. Okay. Yeah. Go good morning.
Yes. Can you hear me? Perfect.
What
ruth?
No, I did it last time and me and the guy talked for like 45 minutes.
That's great.
wonderful.
Well, I'm glad it works.
This is a little early for me. So I actually just rolled out of bed.
Mhm.
Or
all the stuff Carolina. What about you?
South Carolina?
that is insanely earlier.
You're good. He just would not stop talking with. Yes.
So
what
do
you do for workers? What do
you do for?
All right.
What are you studying?
What?
that's pretty cool.
I manage a retail store at night, which is why I'm still usually asleep because I don't even go to bed three in the morning. But I have a wildlife biology degree,
a wildlife biology degree. Yeah.
five years in November. Yeah I started when I was still in college and before one k with them, so I don't want to leave until it's vested. Yeah.
No.
What smart?
Mhm. Really young woman petsmart there?
Hello?
They
also
was met all the pets don't understand Petco park supermarket pet supplies plus. Uh huh. Oh
well
my it can be stressful dealing with people that do have pets, they're usually really extreme about them, so like crazy cat people all the time won't.
Have a lot, we have to hawks uh A rat,
a snake Gecko, two dogs, chickens. And now we have quail to teach where the hawks to heart with, wow.
What?
We're moving to one.
No.
Okay.
wow.
I've
always
had
a dog um that's about it. But then the last new I worked at because when I've worked with a few different zoos right, my last
new got my current boyfriend into falconry, so we uh that's how we got the hawks, He studied the 1000 Earth. Um so we go and hunt with them and do seasons with them and everything like that, and then the rest of the animals came from petsmart because they weren't thriving well in the environment and they were either going to die or be put down. Um So we typically the employees will typically adopt them to give them a better life. Okay. So.
So we sell like hamsters and birds and reptiles, but we have like people we've sold them to if they don't want him anymore, they'll just leave them on the front door. Yeah.
like somebody about a month ago just left a tarantula. And I think,
yeah, it's like, okay, well,
Yeah, and I get I well, I'm assuming they bought it from our store. We have like three other pet stores and within 10 minutes from us. But I was like, and then we have a bit of the vet because I had mites and the vets like I don't know what to do. You gotta know how to treat this thing. Yeah.
So
why don't you have pets if is
it just personal preference or?
They're definitely annoying. Like minds right here right now and she's just demanding
attention.
Like she's in here grabbing my arm if I stop petting her. Which is not. Mm,
Um They're both months. They're both shelter. She's um she's my she was my personal dog. The other one was my boyfriend's when we met. And I just got the one that I showed you DNA tested because uh the pets but I work out we have a band field and they do that for us. Oh
and her DNA came back with, they don't know what half of her is. And the other is like a terrier
and chihuahua in a different kind of terrier. And I'm like, wow.
So I got her before I worked at Petsmart but it was at one of their adoption events because they only partner with adoption groups, they don't promote breeding. Yeah.
But she is one of the types of dogs that shed you around. So that's the goal.
you don't notice it except for like right before summer because that's when they're losing their thick coats for the one from the winter and then right before winter they lose their summer coat. Um So that one it's really rough and there's hairballs everywhere but they actually have like shampoos and that will help get all that out really quickly for you. So all you have to do is babe watch them really good about twice during that month they're shedding and then you just don't be vacuum and make sure you guys can even sleep regularly and that's it. Yes.
Fuck
I should,
most people just don't know the right brush because a lot of people will get and I see it all the time they get the wrong brush and so it doesn't get all the hair out of the dog and that's it. I mean it's as simple as just making sure you have the right brush and I didn't even know that. And so I worked in the grooming salon, mm.
yep.
It's just like uh really long hair, like when you brush it it's getting all that so it's not shedding on you whenever you're trying to put your hair up later or something like that. The best way I explain it to people.
I suppose.
but I will tell you a starter reptile or a starter animal is a good reptile because you only have to feed them and once they're adults every other day and then clean the poop once a week. So they
don't get nothing.
Probably a leopard gecko if you're looking
at reptiles.
we could stick it, you have to have a heat pad on them. Um And then just the basic tank and then you feed them crickets and if they're full very like I have one And he gets crickets three times a week and that's it and then I change I have them on paper towels. So I just changed the paper towel one week. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't spend a lot of time with each one but like on my days off and pretty like I'll probably take the snake in the yard later and just let them floor the whole yard and it's fun because he had fun doing that. Uh And then like my gecko he's got a lot of personality and I'm actually laundry night, he'll actually come out because the way we have their cage set up um He's on a big table on top of like we're up right above where the rat is and he'll come out and he'll pretend to hunt the rats so he'll like get all big and he'll pull her down and he'll like try to jump at her and he can't but he does it every day and it's just something and he'll like I'll put my hand in there and he'll just climb on you and hang out with you and
Europeans. Well let me, I must leave you right here for me and I'll go grab them. Mhm
Right, well,
okay,
go away. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well this is, this is, yes. Mhm.
the bearded problems.
we actually want people that I'm gonna put him up because he's not turn on his moves.
Oh the whole Oh, but
mhm.
So we have people that live where our work that will actually walk there, bearded dragons down home on a leash. Mhm.
Mhm And they bring them in like we do santa and the easter bunny friday and they'll bring them in to take pictures with santa clause. And the easter bunny in costumes.
Crazy.
It is adorable. Always
tell part
of item I'm like you want to put them in a costume? They saw a lot of them Alesci worth it.
You just get a ferret leash because people walk their fair. It's too those are illegal in California, aren't they?
Yeah, I think.
they not awful.
yep.
I feel like I've read that somewhere, but I'm not 100% sure because when I just like. like it's illegal in Georgia and a hedgehog, it's just random animal in places. Yeah.
I definitely like my dogs the best. But I think I would have to say the rack because she, she can literally anything I can, so if I'm having a bad day, I'll just bring her out and we'll eat like popcorn together and watch the movie.
Mhm. And if I'm making bacon like she'll eat bacon with me. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Welcome.
It's back.
So right now since we have one being trained she's allowed free flight. Um It's a male. Um So right now he's getting kept in like really big dog pins when he's like he's sleeping but otherwise he's just flying around my house and then in order to have the other one we had to build a 10 by 10 by 10 cage that was inspected by the USDA. Yeah you have to have like a permit you have to pass a test. You have to be inspected by D. N. R. You have to be inspected by the USDA everything like that. Anyone.
Yeah we've got a huge and we build it outside and it's just it's bigger than our shed area
because we're just renting a place right now and it's a tiny two bed one bath. Yeah.
we
three she actually lives across the street So yeah
they because I live in a really big college town so they rent our yard out the football game so they get a huge kick out of it because they'll be like oh come look at the birds come look at the board and so they'll bring just random people in our yard to look at our birds. It's like Good More Than 3 4.
Well
Yeah she she's a native species so she's we actually call her with the rat which is why we have the rad defense hawks. Oh
she just ended up surviving that. We kept her the pets mm have one native and then the other one we got is a non native. So it's from Finland. Yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh
not very
we may get maybe an h if.
Well
we have to move the birds we move her inside into a temporary carrier box. Yeah.
Yeah.
he
actually
bred in Missouri? Yeah.
he got a deal on it because apparently if you shift them because you can ship them on the airplane but since they were all closed down when he got him um he had to drive in Missouri so he got them from like $600 and they're usually like $2,000. Yeah.
well six or seven weeks ago so he should he's just more learning to fly and hurt and everything like that. Mhm.
And Really? Yeah.
Um My my decision or his, I didn't even know about it until he was like he's like I'm going to Missouri I'll
see you tomorrow. Okay
Cool. 10 hours in our first ways to see you later. Uh I guess the guy just had a really good deal on them and if you want to use like hunting dogs with them because the reason I got this one and not another native because it's one of the only birds that will kill other birds. So like the hawk we have outside she only hunts rabbits and squirrels. The one we got now we're going to hunt like starlings and crazy and stuff like that. Um So you have to get them young so they don't attack your dog mm So
we had to expose them to the dogs and train them and everything like that because you can actually train them to kill and then come back to you. Yeah.
Um The one that hurts this world is going to be her second her 2nd and 3rd hunting season. Um And she's she got probably a total of 50 animals last season and she brought them all back. And we have the storm for when we can't legally hunt when it's not like squirrel rabbit season.
Well even though she's a wild animal we can't let her current when she wants. Uh We're still licensed by the D. N. R. We will give her what she hunted as to keep her from starving and everything. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He didn't let me talk at all. Yeah.
Well
this is what
the
last
of your class and I think
you too bye.