That's true. Mhm. Yes. Six. Mhm. Hi, how are you?
Good, good. Yeah. So how does this work? We just like talk
Oh dang, I didn't know you could do before.
Okay. So how is life and quarantine?
I'm doing
like
um everything's online
now, like even school and work, so that's a lot different. Yeah,
I don't
like
doing school online. Mhm. It's a lot more work and actually going
mhm It's a lot more
um criminal justice. Yeah.
Hopefully law school and becoming a lawyer. See where I go
Um I probably wanted to get them like the gory stuff like murderers and all kind of stuff. Yeah.
It
seems like
um probably prosecuting. I mean defending would be cool to, but we'll see. Yeah.
Mm I watched that actually. Mhm. I probably should though. Yeah.
don't know
how active
it is.
Mhm. Anyone else you watch stuff on netflix? Mhm.
Okay. Let's check it out. I haven't heard of that before.
Mhm
Oh yeah, I listen to music or what kind of do you listen to?
You listen
Travis
scott?
You don't know.
Mm Okay. You should listen to that guy. He's pretty good.
Okay. And Kodak Black? He's
also earlier.
Yeah, he's really good then. Kanye's really good also, but he's got a little crazy,
I don't think I've heard that way.
Okay. I look at this hour. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. Mhm I tried it into them but like I don't really like those specific people. I don't know. I think Bay Miller is most of my type. Have you heard of her?
Okay. She's kind of like around the, around their age. I kind of like her family. Okay.
You're in. Yeah. So any exciting stuff happened in your life
delaying the fly?
You know how to cook,
wow, How long did that take,
it really hard? And did
you
enjoy it?
12,
12 hours every day or most days?
that's,
that's understandable.
Mhm. But you still enjoy doing it? I like literally.
wow, that's cool. Yeah, can you cook soups too?
I could
eat soup anytime. I love
soup
at any time.
Sounds good. What kind of restaurant did you work out?
Yeah.
What?
Mhm Yeah, I was barely born then um
Yeah, I'm
like
23
I'm trying. No.
20 Yeah. Mhm Okay. Yeah, Okay.
Mhm. I'm in my third year,
but coronary school still school, so yeah.
That's cool, mm hmm. How is the area you live in? Because I live nowhere near there?
How is the area you live in? Like, is it mainly hot?
Is there a lot of stuff to do there?
Yeah.
You
don't
like
the city?
Why do you hate it?
that's
true.
Near L.
A.
It's
crazy.
Yeah. L. A. Is pretty gross. It's not like what you see in movies, There's a good part of L. A. And then, which is like 5% and then you go with the rest of L. A. And it's horrible.
because
you don't see them go to the other part of L. A. You just see them stay in their little spot.
It's pretty funny because I have to go there sometimes and then yeah, but I don't really, I don't live in the L. A. Area. I just near it. Mm Yeah.
San Francisco is pretty but expensive.
Yeah, I want to go to school there, but I don't know it's expensive even just to like live there. Yes
wow. Yeah hopefully we will see or texas texas is a pretty good area to
I
know because they messed up what tier and then they're like let's go somewhere else, go to rest out
and then after that we'll just find a place until we ruin all of them. Yeah. Yeah there are like so many protests over here protests. It's stupid. Mhm
No I didn't see
Oh I heard of him but I didn't hear the theory in protests
so john
And then like they're fighting like for minorities but then you're burning minority businesses which will make them poor.
Yeah like um what another thing was like they killed like a black cop, he was responding to a jewelry store break in and then he and the people were like, oh no, no, it was because he was trying to tack the crowd, It was like on the articles, he says, no, he's trying to turn off the alarm, like it's so dumb.
I know.
And then there was like another one. Whereas like some farmer um he had like that trailer, you know like the big trailer, like they haven't back well he had like horses in there and so he was trying to get through the crowd but they wouldn't let him. So he ended up just having to drag through and people started throwing firecrackers and like the horses like trailer.
Yeah. Like I don't see how the stuff they do, like correlates with like what they want. Yeah.
Yeah. It doesn't correlate you're trying to connect Z to A. Yeah.
I know. And then and then donald trump like I think he's smart but I think what he says he's like totally comes out of his ass. Like what? Yeah.
he
just says it and then joe biden. God she's something else.
He's something he really is.
No in like 1977 like he was lecturing how he didn't want his kids to go to school with black kids. Yeah
racial jungle. Yeah. Oh my God even better.
And then he said Obama was like the most cleanest, most educated black person he had ever seen for the first time. Oh my God I can't.
And then there was a video that came out yesterday I think it was filmed yesterday. Um It was like a donald trump at somewhere. I
don't
know uh That that but anyways speaking like um I think like he was talking about the guy who got shot seven times. I don't know who and then like some person from the crowd screamed monkey. And then instead of like instead of addressing it, he was like, oh it's only, that would only be acceptable here in Carolina or something. I'm like, you really don't want votes to you like you or joe.
I know.
Yeah, but like, I feel like there's a lot of gen z well sure like, yeah, overpower the older boats.
Well
don't
you do
melon?
I heard that he wasn't a part of that and that
they just don't have $25 million dollars or something.
Well.
Okay. Because it makes sense.
Yeah. So voting in person, it's kind of better like
I
know.
On twitter I saw like a picture of like a trailer with like filled like the ups boxes from the streets. It was like crazy
Right. Have
you heard of Kanye running? Yeah.
Does
it get
the votes away
from
biden?
Oh but it never came out,
nah, he said that about like a lot of albums and they don't come out. I don't think it's gonna come out.
I think it's just crazy.
Did you
listen to his convention?
Oh my God, she was like crying and then like screaming and like hugging people. Yeah it's crazy.
Yeah she she didn't free the slaves. Mhm. And that slavery was a choice of wickedness. This guy is something else. Yes.
mm.
Yeah, but I think like he's just trying to get the votes away from biden for sure because like can you Very modern.
I know
so dolls
like
I
don't,
I know you're both kind of just like useless, it's like you just joke around like that.
It really
is,
they're
full on red.
I feel
like,
yeah, I feel like California is mostly blue just because like we have like all these Youtubers and like favorite people out here who are like millionaires and billionaires who are saying this is what oppression is when you got a better class and then lower class. Yeah. So now like Billie Eilish, I'm not sure if you heard of her.
she's
yeah, she just came out with like an interview a couple days ago she was like donald trump is ruining our country like your billionaire like you cannot be affected by anything that anyone is doing financially. Yeah. So
I just think stuff like that is kind of a which is why California is a blue state. Yeah.
Yeah, we'll see where this election goes. Yeah.
Oh yeah, for sure. Either way there's gonna be some sort of protests all around and then economy is gonna did little do it again. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah you have a cat
five Capture.
Too
scary
to own five
nah
that's
actually
name. Sure. No Catholic. Way too scary to own five
every time.
Every time I try to bet one if they're like scratch me like whatever like dogs don't do that,
you literally bought them into the world.
Oh my God. So you have the mom?
So you have the mom cat too?
there's actually some pretty good name where you get them from. Yeah.
Oh I have.
no.
Okay. I haven't
watched parks and rec.
So I'll check it out. Organ trip. Okay. Mm Have you ever owned a dog?
Mhm. What kind was it?
She was at the giving, You don't want a dog now.
Okay let me say yeah
yeah it's dangerous mm mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Have you ever own any other animals?
broke
her back.
So she broke her own back on purpose?
I
never heard of that so. Damn.
wow. G seven is 1st. Okay well I'm gonna have to log on class now.
sounds good.
but I
have a good day.