I'm good. How about you?
Yeah we just talk about anything. I've done. This is my fourth one. I've done three already. I'm at my limit now this is the last one I can do.
Yeah after you after we have this conversation they're going to have you fill out a bunch of questions and stuff and then after that there'll be a link to where you can get up. Like you can fill out your availability again and all that and then I'll put you in for another round.
It's not bad not bad at all. I mean I've always worked from home and I don't go out much anyway so it's not much different for me. I just I still do the same stuff I always do and I go grocery shopping I do my normal job. I make this juice for the E. Cigs and I don't it's it's the same stuff you know. The only difference is I wear a mask now. How
about
you
thinking?
What are you going
to school for
it?
Is it?
What are you studying?
that's what, what do you plan on doing with it?
Do you have any idea what kind of lawyer you try to be like a trial lawyer? Some kind of like a state lawyer like money wise or?
that's cool
prosecuting
or defending?
Yeah, I love law and order. So
show. I don't know how accurate is. I'm not into any other like legal
stuff
stuff,
But it's been around for like 30 years.
no, I pirate everything. I watch, like I just use the streaming sites that don't charge you anything. I don't bother with netflix. Like I'll use stream Lord. Everything on there is free and you can find almost every show in the world on there. You don't need netflix or rule or anything.
Yeah I most mostly yes I either use stream order, watch series if I can't find it on one side I find it on the other so mhm
I spent a lot more time listening to music than I do watching tv though
um a lot of different stuff but mostly not wrap only a little rap. Like I love Childish Gambino and Chance the rapper. But other than that I'm not really interact that much but I'm into a lot of electronic or alternative or rock or even country classical like I'll listen to pretty much anything but back.
How about
you?
I don't know who that is.
No I don't know. Travis Goddess.
Okay I'll remember that.
I've
heard of Kodak Black.
Well I like Kanye for one song it's called All Day slash I feel like that
it's really cool. It's it goes to like it's him illustrating like bipolar disorder which like in the beginning of the song all day he's all hyped up our our our our our uh and then the in the middle of the song it completely changes down and he's like depressed sitting in the corner and like it really it's cool like that. I don't like I've never listened to any other Kanye songs more than once but that one I've actually listened to a few times,
I'm more like uh uh kim Petras, taylor swift um Demi Lovato. Yeah.
no,
I'll have to check her out too.
Not really. Uh huh. No, I made some Tacos, made like 4lb of shredded chicken. So
then
oh yeah I went to culinary school mm
um 18 months. Yeah.
it
was
easy. I I was really fun and I mean I worked as a chef for 10 years afterwards, But then I got burned out and I just couldn't do it anymore. The long days working 12 hour shifts easily. And
it's so
no, every shift you're going and you're working at least 12 hours, you know when you go into prep at like 10, 11 in the morning And then you're not getting that, they don't shut the kitchen down at 11:00 PM. So Yeah, that was that was a hard job, but I mean the pay was good, I just I couldn't do it after so long after like 10 years I had stopped working in Kitchens, it's it's
like a million degrees in there. Oh,
Now at my age I'm almost 40, I'd never go back to that. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I love cooking. It's it's I mean I cook every day for myself and my wife but like at some some days I'll really get into it and I'll make something like extravagant fancy and then I'll make sure I don't really get into sweets but she likes cake so I try to make a cake like once a week.
Oh yeah. Oh my God it's not soup weather right now, it's the middle of, it's the end of august.
But
I love
making,
I love making chicken soup, I love making uh my loaded baked potato soup is amazing because it's basically a potato base with bacon, broccoli and cheese.
Um well the first place I worked was Tavern on the Green in Manhattan, I don't know it's a really fancy place mm
but that was just for like an internship type thing. Yeah it was part of my getting my degree so but the first place I actually got paid to work at was an american place in Hoboken New Jersey. And uh it was basically just american fast casual, like a diner type place and I caught my chops there and they then when I moved out to Long Island I started working in a nice upscale italian place, it was called village on, They're not open anymore but I'm talking about back in like the year 2000
so.
Really?
Like I said
I'm almost
40, 25
20.
it makes sense because you're in college. So
I tried to do college before I went to culinary school but I never ended up graduating from anything.
and I mean it taught me what I needed for like to the job and now still going on, like I said I make the juice for this Vape, the Vape things and I sell it so that my, what they taught me about flavor and culinary school works for that. Because I combine like this right here is a banana cheesecake um juice that I'm using right now. So it tastes like a desert. And then like there's other ones I can do. Like I make one that tastes like Swedish fish and whatnot. Or cotton candy.
What's that?
I mean, it's kinda hot but right now it's only 73 because it's 10:00 AM. Yeah.
No, we don't. No one nowhere has nothing to do. I live in the woods. Yeah.
I'm now in pennsylvania and not even near a big city or anything.
I
look
outside.
Oh, I hate the city I grew up in, I grew up in the city and I just, I couldn't wait to get away from it.
Everything is just concrete and it's so loud and there's too many people and it's just I don't it stinks. I'd rather have fresh clean air. Like if
you look
on the if you look on the pollution map like if you go to venture sky dot com and look up the pollution for your area like and then look up the pollution where less people live. It's you'll know, you know it's the air is a lot cleaner. I don't want that. All of the smog and stuff like look at L. A. Like I don't know where you're from but like when you fly
into
L. A. When
you fly
into L. A. You can see a yellow haze over the city. It's disgusting.
Oh yeah. You've got to have the fancy part for the rich people and then you turned the wrong corner and there's literal human feces in the street and people living
in tents.
Yeah it will come back.
My brother lives in the bay area by san Francisco.
Yeah it really is.
He made a lot of good investments when he got out of the military so he ended up with a bunch of money and that's where he wanted to live so that's where he went.
A lot of people from California are actually moving to texas now
so
and then we'll go to texas and ruin texas.
See what's going on in Wisconsin.
They're burning down that town. The cop shot this dude And back seven times.
Yeah they know they literally burned down a car dealership.
Yeah it's insane there. I saw a video, I saw a video on twitter this morning, there was a guy standing outside his business with a gun shooting at the rioters like and there's a guy filming the whole thing. He's like, oh my God, I can't believe he's shooting these people. Like what would you do if they were trying to break your stuff? You know what, what's he supposed to do? Just let them kill him and burn his business now.
I mean look in Minneapolis, they killed that little eight year old girl, the rioters and she was a little black girl. Why didn't her life matter?
And then you'll see they surround cop cars, just try to break the windows and then they get mad when the presses the gas to get away. What's he supposed
to do? Just let them drag him out of the car.
What do the horses do? Damn.
Okay. It doesn't at all because it's not logical. Like I mean the one time of the one part when they were actually attacking the police station, I don't agree with that. That's that's wrong. They shouldn't have done that. But at least that makes sense. You're mad at the cops. So you attack the cops like you tried to, they took over the police station is to put like innocent people trying to drive down the road and like people who just happen to own a business on the block where you're mad, like they don't deserve any of it.
and there, it doesn't make any kind of sense and everything's going to get worse because I mean we're two months away from the election now basically. So the people are just going to keep getting angrier and angrier.
he doesn't, he doesn't think before he says stuff. That's the
problem.
Yeah. Yeah, that guy.
Uh huh Well if you don't vote for me, you're not black. What? How the fuck can you say that joe biden?
Well I believe his exact words where he didn't want his kids to grow up in a racial jungle.
Uh huh. Like whoa joe biden. Yeah.
Thank you
at
the RNC.
Well he does want votes but he wants those middle of the country votes. You know
like the majority of people who are gonna vote for trump. I don't care that he said that, you know,
I don't know because a lot of gen z are too afraid to go out to the polls, they're not going to go vote in person, right?
They
don't
want
see but you know how trump's been fucking with the post office though and all the mail has been getting slowed down. This whole thing is planned out, the whole reason that all those post office and mail boxes and everything are getting shut down and whatnot is to slow down the mail voting that way that less anti trump people will actually vote
two.
Well the thing is every single person who was in charge of that, well what's happening right now was appointed by trump. So he has plausible deniability, he could say oh it's not me doing it, I'm not the one slowing down the post office but he hired the people that are doing so
and I say that I like I'm not anti trump by any means. I voted for trump in 2016 and I'm gonna vote for him again on november 3rd. But I mean he's what he's doing, he is responsible for what's happening with the post office. And
because if he didn't get rid of the old people that were running the post office and put his own people in charge, this the whole thing with the post office wouldn't be happening right now, right? I mean, it's going to hurt the democrats because they're going to get less votes because a lot of those mailing votes are not going to get counted, they're just not
Yeah, voting a person is way more important. Like especially this year, because like normally if you send in your mail in ballot, it gets there in time. No problem. But I mean they were removing hundreds of sorting machines from different post offices across the country. They're taking away those blue letter boxes that you see on the corners, like they're ripping them out of the ground and just
taking
them away. So
Yeah, Okay. Once I bad, can you grab me up here? Yeah. All right.
Yeah.
filed to run, but he didn't file in time for most of the states, so he wouldn't have been eligible to be on the ballot anyway. The whole thing was just uh
drumming
up.
Well
this
refers no, it was it was all to drum up publicity for his new album, Dondi.
Well, it's going to come out, he's just taking his time.
Well,
I'm guessing you know more about kinder than I do. So thank
you.
Yeah. Yeah, that was great when he had the haircut, 2020 cut into his hair. That was amazing. I loved that video.
And then he said that Harriet tubman didn't actually help any slaves.
He really is. Yeah.
At least It's entertaining though.
I mean hell in 2016, like 11,000 people voted for Harambe the gorilla,
like the other guy. So
like they
actually took the time to go in there and vote like,
and
that's what they did.
I
live
in this place, I live in a swing state. So like, you know, Pennsylvania Trump only won Pennsylvania by 40,000 votes. So pennsylvania is gonna be a really close race. So like, people who live in texas, texas is going to vote red, you know, so their
vote
like texas, it doesn't really matter much of texas. People go to vote because goods already decided like texas is going to be a red state, just like California, they're going to be a blue state, California
is
going to vote providing.
I'm actually a huge
fan of her music.
Yes.
Mhm
no matter what happens, it's going to be interesting.
Yeah. Actually have five. Right? This one is my baby boy.
his
name
is
No, cats aren't scary, his
name, his name is john ralphie. Oh, Sapperstein,
but
we call him ralph.
What
are they going to do?
Let's see ralph. He was born in my dining room. Like I held him since the day he was born. This is my boy.
Yeah, but he was born in my dining room.
I touched him on the nose for the first time when he was like nine seconds old.
Yeah, I know his mom was named Pickle and and then I have one of his sisters, her name is april ludgate. Karate Dwyer.
You've never seen the office, obviously I'm seeing parks
and rec parks and recommend
to say uh Parks and rec uh there's a character named april ludgate and she later marries um Andy and Andy's last name is karate Dwyer. So they merged their last name, april ludgate, karate dwyer. So
Jet
it's a great show if you like the office you'll definitely like parks and rec do you remember Karen from the office? She plays an Parkins on parks and rec well
oh I've owned dogs before you. I don't have one right now but I grew up with the dog when my dad left I was three years old my mom got me a dog to replace him.
Uh She was an Australian cattle hound. Yeah her name is chiba.
I want a dog but I have to put a fence up in my yard first so.
Mhm. I don't want to just I want to be able to just like open the back door let my dog running out. You know I don't want to have like running new york road or anything.
hug. Well we had rabbits but the female rabbit died and then the male, well no wait the male rabbit died and then a female rabbit broke her back and she died in surgery. So
possible
she jumped she did it herself. She did if you if you google rabbit binky they call it banking the rabbit jumps up and turns itself around in the air really fast. So when our rabbit did that and she broke her own back
I don't know if it was on purpose. I'm not inside the brain of a rabbit. You know like I
don't
Like most of the time when rabbits do that they're back doesn't break. They just do it and they run off and everything everything's fine. But she did that same motion and when she did her back broke.
Yeah and also it's been more than 25 minutes so we've definitely fulfilled the thing. I
just noticed it's actually a half hour now. Okay we had thank
you
Have a great one