accident. Mhm. Yeah, Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hi, hold on. I can't hear you. Can you hear me? Can you can All right, say something, dude, I can't hear you, can you are there? Yes.
Yeah, me too. All right. I think my microphone maybe a little fuzzy to shoot. Cool. Is that better? And it Okay. I think there's a delay though. Alright, so Hi, I'm Jessica.
I can, I can totally good. So, what's up with you? Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh, fantastic. What are you studying?
Just getting through it? Yeah,
I did
a long time during my basics.
Oh wait on, that's good. Are you working also or just, you know?
Oh really? That's cool. I love riding bicycles, unfortunately. Now I live in Pittsburgh and it's really hard to ride a bike here.
they
write and there's some places that are flat, like the downtown area is pretty flat. I know they have a lot of bike messengers there, and then like there's some neighborhoods um the one world the colleges are uh they're like three colleges right in a row like um That's pretty flat and like the area between there and downtown is good and I know they do a lot of like back and forth there. Um When I lived in New Orleans though like and I lived in Richmond Virginia, I biked everywhere like I didn't even have a car for the last five years that I lived in in Richmond. And then when I lived in New Orleans like there was no point.
On.
The Metro in D. C. Is fantastic. Yeah
it's a little expensive like just compared to other places but it's it's
pretty fantastic like um I'll go from Pittsburgh to D. C. And then take my parents live in Charlottesville Virginia, and then I'll take the metro down to like Vienna and it's like an hour and a half trip to pick me up from there. So.
Yeah it makes it really really cool. So what else do you do? I mean there's tons of stuff to do around D. C. So
around.
What do
you
play?
Nice. How weird is that?
Oh yeah. Yeah I do
music
and art stuff. I used to sing in a bunch of different bands just years ago. I I don't want any more. Um and I played bass guitar a little bit like enough to get by in 1999 when you know you needed to maybe no two chords and
and how to pluck a bass string. Okay. Yeah because I'm old. Yes.
definitely. It's it's
not one that uh everybody is familiar with. It's cool though. That's definitely a new one. I mean it's one that not many people play.
What?
That's
That's great.
What
kind
of what kind of stuff do you guys play? Yeah.
That's fantastic.
that's
I like it, like I like running into people that don't play just what everyone plays, you know? That's great that you guys do like you know band stuff.
Yeah. Yeah I love that stuff that's so fun.
Um So I went to school for a long time and came out with pretty much a
master's in creative writing with a concentration and religion, philosophy and just a bunch of stuff that's useless. So since then I've published very few things um I have a couple of plays and a few short stories, one poem And then um I wait tables in 10 bar. Yeah it's good money, whatever I mean for its I don't have kids, I don't have, you know, so I don't need
to
make sure that I support anyone else because it's that it's so unpredictable, you know, I wouldn't feel comfortable if I had other people really depending on me, so, but you know, like I said, I'm in Pittsburgh and um I don't know, I'm actually in the middle of like my one place to live, just kind of um my people we were living with this is so ridiculous, her boyfriend and the father of her child got out of jail yesterday and he's been in jail since before the kid was born, right, I've never even met this guy and you know, apparently it wasn't, she's not, you know, whatever, he's not a scary guy, I think he sounds good, but um so we were planning on moving out of there and we had this place that we're going to have been to, you know, with friends of, because we helped her with her kid and what it was like a kind of, it takes a village to raise a child kind of situation, um but then our place to live craft out, so I'm in an Airbnb right now and getting, you know, getting to work and stuff is so different, I just don't know, the, you know, the best routes and whatever, and I don't drive because I don't like driving, it scares me, especially in Pittsburgh. Yeah, so I'm in in the middle of things, but other than that, I like to, like I read a lot, I write a lot, I um
pick up extra money doing on my transcriptions, you know, stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, because I'm not entirely huge part of my life, it's great, so we're trying to figure out my boyfriend, we've been together for like six years. He might as well, everyone has been. Um, but you know, we might stay here, we might go down to Virginia. Might live to Richmond. We were thinking about maybe Fairfax. I know because I've got a bunch of friends and Fairfax. Um or you know, my parents are getting older. It would be nice to be close for them, stuff like that.
Going, going back home would be a, I don't know if it would be like admitting defeat or not but it
kind of feels like it.
Sorry from the D. C. Area.
else?
Yeah, I'm familiar but not, I don't know that area intimately.
Right on. That's cool. And your folks are still there.
Yeah, I know. That's not a place that you've missed very much, is it?
It's a little more
lively.
I could
imagine.
No. And you've got a lot of mosquitoes down there. Yes, we
used to go. I had a cousin that went to um what's the college up in the mountains asshole?
An astronaut. Yeah. Um He went there. So I visited there and other than that, I've only been on the coast. You know how everyone from Virginia has to go to the Outer Banks. So
they are
right. Yeah. I used to, I used to drive to um Virginia beach from where my parents live. You know, it's only like a two hour drive. So we go for the night and that was fun. I kind of miss that. So what else do you do or what else are you into like?
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
All right on.
That's
that's fantastic. It's nice to not have to have roommates and stuff.
Yeah. Like that way, if the remote is not where you left it, you don't have to blame everyone else. You can just ask someone that was always my thing. Like when things get moved around that, you know? And like, I don't know who moved it. I can't find it always made me crazy.
Look
for. What school are you going to?
Well, that's awesome. All right. What else should we talk about?
I
had a couple of like, you know, I wasn't gonna write anything down or anything, but then I was like, you know, I should maybe come up with a couple of topics. Are you political?
Yeah. You do. Um That's also kind of a rat's nest to ask about, isn't it? I mean everybody is so extreme
Yeah. I don't
know very much
about
it.
Yeah and I don't like I kind of want to step back from it you know I don't want to it's
just
yes it's exhausting. It's absolutely exhausting. And then you know everybody loves trump or they hate trump or trump's running the world or he's fixing my parents think he's the best thing since bread and butter which they're entitled to their opinion. So I don't know I don't hate him I guess. Yes. Yeah.
Um
I eat. There are some like I can I looked it up the other day I think there are about 20 Democrats trying to go Like
I
can
name three
or
right I came in like three of them like there's uh what Warren um um Bernie who I like Bernie he's good yang. I think that's the 30 Biden four. I'm doing better.
Oh God I forgot he was running.
with an S. That one has the commercials. Yeah and I know that there's the one billionaire he says I'm a billionaire too so I can rub a drug you know? Mhm.
huh. She dropped out. I liked her too actually. Yeah.
Uh He is there and I know a lot of people have a lot of support for him but I have no idea what he stands for like uh
with a G. E. I. G. One. Yeah. Um
He seems to I don't know I think a lot of people are afraid of talking about it because I can't pronounce his name.
Yeah.
I I don't either. Um Yeah I think he's I mean I can't think of any reason not to support him you know like
he's
I don't either. I just know you know the basics about him, Yeah,
I mean
it's about time we had a gay president, so, but you know, I'm
not
going
to vote
for someone,
that's
what I'm gonna say, I'm not gonna vote for someone just because they're gay, but you know, I think it's time, but but he's
got to have some good good
ideas too,
wouldn't that be great?
exactly. Uh
which is nice and refreshing um also things have gotten just so much more liberal than you would ever anticipate, like, you know, the things coming out of their mouths, you're like, you know, a year ago if you had said that people would be like, oh my God, but I mean I have no problem with that, I think that's you know, especially social stuff rather than economic stuff, the more liberal the better Yeah
They always do, they
always do. Yeah. So what else?
Oh god, I think it really music, politics um Oh there's religion, you know all the things you're not supposed to talk about in a bar, there are always good conversations
what
kind of music um I like, oh I like hip hop, I like um I don't know, I don't really like guitar driven rock, but I'm good with like you know India's stuff and um I used to be real into folk music like back in the day um or like kind of Americana I guess they would call it um But yeah, you know, and I like um I spent most of this afternoon listening to opera um Yeah, I like stuff that sounds nice, so.
Mhm. So it language can be a real barrier for me with that one. Like if I'm gonna listen to a german opera, I need to know the story and I need to know the music before I can like, you know, listen to a bunch of german I don't understand
that's
yeah, it's like
the
Poker.
I do a lot of that. Who do you love?
yeah, I used to listen, listen to a little bit of their stuff, never fell in love with them or anything. Um Did you ever listen to Grizzly Bear? You might check them out. um I
don't think they're together anymore, but maybe 5, 10 years ago they were indie
um but they're really great lyrically um and they were I don't even know they're gay band and they did a lot of indie, so it was like a nice juxtaposition with a bunch of bands that you know, we're just whatever. but they sang a lot about really interesting, you know, stuff that you don't normally hear in song lyrics. Yeah.
Right. On, that's cool. Yeah, way back. Um I graduated high school in 1996 and um I got a cd
that had emblazoned on it, I'm scary, not scared, and it was all of these feminist punk bands, it was awesome. It had Just probably 12 different um just bitches screaming and it was fantastic. Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely. All that Riot girls stuff from way back then.
my God, when did you see Liz fair.
my God, I love her. Oh
my God, that's
so
great.
I actually just recently exposed my boyfriend to her, like he had never heard her before, and I was like, are you kidding me? Like exile in Guyville has to be one of the most seminal albums ever created. Like it was just so, such an important album for the 90s. It's great.
Absolutely,
absolutely, like musically and lyrically that this was fucking hot man. Yeah. Um who else is there? That's fun. And I don't I like all j a lot
there, you know, if you there so weird, they do, you know, half their shit sounds like it's um it's like chanting, like religious chanting electronically. It's kind of weird, but like it Yeah.
Yeah.
Cool.
That's
That's
It's
but
still,
it's fantastic to get like an invitation. They're like, we want you, you know? That's awesome. Cool. I actually just got, I don't know, we're putting together kind of writers workshop online with a few of us to kind of writing a few paragraphs today and then traded them back and forth. That's the most interesting new thing I've got going on though. Yeah, it's it's fun. I like doing that. I like giving editing and critiquing stuff.
Even
so. Yeah. Mhm.
There is,
there's a lot of writing.
And a lot of writing. That's not
fun.
Right. On. I used to
do it for college students and charge them a lot. Yeah. I actually got through like, I think the two years after I was out of college doing that, just putting ads on craigslist and writing
or editing college papers, so illegal. Not supposed to do that, but, you know, it paid well. Yeah.
No,
but the writing, the writing papers for people probably was I probably shouldn't have done
that. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's not like I'm digging myself in a hole, digging them in a hole. Cool.
Yeah.
Um we've got about what, 2, 3 minutes to fill up here. Um what else is there? What can we do for three minutes?
I
like I like big dogs. Small dogs are okay. I love cats. I had a cat that like she was like probably my favorite pet ever. Um But as far as just in general, I love dogs.
They do they do need a lot more than a cat.
And they've got you know, tons of dog parks and stuff to their, which is
It is actually watched a documentary on this is so ridiculous on dog grooming and like this like new style of dog grooming out of japan where they like make them all proof E and crazy stuff. It was so cute. Not my favorite kinds of dogs, like I don't like prissy looking dogs, but there it's adorable. I'm more of a big dog, kind of slobber on your face, kind of girl. Yeah.
They're so loyal. Yeah.
we had, oh the dog, one of the dogs I was living with until we moved out as an american Staffordshire terrier, which is, and he's like three quarters american Staffordshire and then a quarter Pitbull and he's very aggressive towards anyone that he meets outside. But once you come into the house and like he was just so great and like the kids that lived there, he and the kid are like best friends, they're just so he's such a great, I miss him so terribly, I've been away from him for like two days and I'm just like, my heart is kind of torn in half. Yeah,
it's
sad.
but that's okay because I can go visit him whenever I need to. Yeah. Yeah, tearing
up a little bit. Sorry? Yes,
no, that's that's the one get me on the dogs that and the kid. I just missed them and some terribly cool. Let me see let me check this. Well if you want to end this we're at 25 minutes.
I
don't I don't know. I don't think so. I think
if you
just go back to the sorry the online survey page um there'll be an arrow at the bottom. I believe. The one with the timer. Okay
Yeah nice to meet you nice chatting with you.