Let me, I'm trying to fix it.
Hi, I'm Ben, can you hear me now?
Um I started classes today. I'm going back to college for the first time in a few years. So
um right now I'm just liberal.
I get my my basics where I decide
what,
Yeah. And I'm going part time so I have a while to decide.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm a bicycle mechanic.
I have been to Pittsburgh. Yeah, I I'm sure people do it and I salute
them.
Yeah. Yeah. I live in D. C. And I had a car whenever
I hear and I sold it about two years ago. Um So biking and metro, it's it's pretty nice.
Yeah.
definitely.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm in a community band, uh
just started our rehearsals on monday and
I'm
on
the board for that. So I played the euphonium.
I yeah. So you've heard of it,
So
what did you play?
What?
Usually if somebody knows what a euphonium is, they also played an instrument. Okay.
But
Uh well, we actually have what? seven in the band right now,
which is ridiculous. A
usual number. The usual number is about to maybe to four have seven.
So yeah, we're just
there's a lot of
us.
So it's a a concert band, so kind of like what you would see in a school, except we're adults and we're actually pretty good. Um
I think, yeah, there's no audition requirements or anything, but we have a lot of like music educators and retired professional. So it kind of evens out, it's
pretty nice. Yeah, it's group. Yeah.
Hey, it's most of what I do, I guess picks up a lot of time, but I really like it.
So what do you what do you do?
Mhm.
It's
serious.
Yeah.
Yeah. Other than the house, you know, fun through. It's really cool.
So yeah. That be a major yeah.
What?
I don't think so.
No, I'm from rural north Carolina. Yeah.
Um I'm from Asheboro. It's a where the zoo is.
Yeah. It's like 2030 minutes south of Greensboro.
Yeah. I don't miss it.
Yeah. I like this me. You know,
it's
really gorgeous. Just about everywhere. But that's about it. You
know, it's
getting aren't real cities,
Yeah.
Aspect.
Okay. The outer banks are fantastic. I spent
much time there as you can.
You sleep on the sofa right now. Racism? Yeah. Yeah.
He's a personality. Uh Yeah. Uh
Here are we talking about any stretching now? You very opinionated like to tell me what's what's what um
He's sweet though. Yeah. It's just
uh just us in the apartment. So that's pretty nice.
Yeah. Yeah. It's very nice change.
Yeah. Now if if something is not where it's supposed to be. I know it's my fault. Yeah.
That's it.
Um You D. C. Yeah. It's the only place I can get in state. Okay.
Gosh. I don't know the austin just about all of my my
ideas right now.
I feel like you about have to be, you know, this day and age.
I think it's uh like I used to think of myself as somebody who is really into politics, but now I'm like the one out of everybody I know that like knows the least about what's going on
hey
lot
of my friends
in the government
you just only
have so much energy
Okay yeah it's just a lot of a lot of stuff yeah um yeah
I don't even know who's trying to run in 2020
and
they
asked
him and drop
every week
Yeah let's see this Bloomberg,
that's my other billionaire, I don't know his name. Mhm
and there's uh Camilla Harris was big and she dropped out.
I don't know I didn't really know what her like I don't know what her platform was, she didn't really seem to have anything like cory booker he's there
I know, I don't remember. Oh and then uh Pete LTD he's there
yeah
I a
lot of people I know are for him but he's like even less than anyone else, I have no idea what he stands for what is platform.
but
I also don't know what he's gonna
yeah he's gay, he's a mayor. Yes. Yeah
everybody else
I
feel
like
most
people that I know are voting for him because he's gay instead of
like
like
woman
uh in the White house but
I'd rather I'd rather vote for the president first and then you know yeah yeah
I do like how Warren sticks to her opinions sometimes she's she's out there um you know the platform I can take it or leave it but like how sometimes she'll just say what she means.
and I agree but I I still have no idea I'm voting for I assume they'll and I was out
and
I don't know what else was on your list of.
What kind of music do you do you
like?
Yeah. I have give an opera try so many times and I just can't get into it. You know the classic stuff modern.
Even english operas, I I just can't I can appreciate the talent that goes into it but enjoy
it.
I
like
a lot of old stuff um like photograph to uh I tend to more find an artist I like and then just listen to everything that they've made. Obsessive.
Uh I'm pretty Andrew against me which is uh little bit here and then do you like the mountain goats? Um
Yeah.
One.
Also really into speedy Ortiz there are not really knew her but they're a small band and I heard them open for against me one time and just obvious like I don't know feminist punk.
Mhm.
that was the genre I can get behind.
Yeah. Yeah I did see uh speedy Ortiz open for Liz fair in concert,
it was like a year ago. Yeah.
It
was
pretty
good.
Yeah. You listen to it now and it's still like
it holds this whole
Pretty good. Mhm.
interesting. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah I just got an email today, I might be able to uh play my euphonium and one of the ensembles at the college uh even though a maser, yeah
it's a smaller school there, it's like right now they have like a jazz band and that's really their only performing ensemble but they're trying to get more small stuff up so so they invited me and that
would be pretty fun.
I don't know when I'm going to have time for all of that, but I'll figure
it
out.
Yeah. Not great at writing but I'm pretty good at editing so it evens
out
Really Like what I consider getting an english degree, but I would like
of the job with that, but I don't think that the coursework is just
have right
bad
attitude. It's just yeah right, it's not fun for me. Editing is fun. I do it for friends in my spare time for fun. But
ready?
Whatever.
I feel like the editing is it's super illegal. That's
kind of tutoring
Environment
I begin it's going to catch up with him whenever.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh I don't know what's your what's your favorite animal? Cat person? Dog
person.
Yeah I'm a dog person too and I love dogs. Um Not really in a place to be taken care of a dog. They just need a lot more than a cat.
I have my cat and he's great and I get to see you know D. C. There's tons of dogs, you can just see him anytime you're out on the street.
Time of year. A lot of the dogs are wearing their little jackets which is just a thing.
I've had several pit bulls. Uh Most of them are just the sweetest dogs.
goofy. Yeah
I
can
understand that. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah.
I didn't I didn't think that that was going to be the
Yeah, I think that's good. Uh Not quite sure how to end it. Do I need to take on anything? You're just
close the window
on
paper?
so it was great to meet you.