Yeah. She escape. Yeah. Mhm. Is that right? Yeah. Yes, sure. This morning. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. That's right. Yeah, I do. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Scare me.
That's, um, some tray, uh, live in massachusetts, uh, story out of boston. You know? What about you?
No, I, I just graduated. Actually. Not,
not, yeah, not the best time, not the best time to graduate, I'm sure.
Mother.
I'm a grad. Are you also in the gran?
well, what do you study and like, what do you really want? Uh,
Just cool.
That's where you
go. Um, campo engineering. I'm not working, uh, as a research engineer. Yes. Also been working for a little bit. Uh, where do you go to school? Because I actually have some friend. What is going to fill it? I was just curious.
Oh, it's really good school. Yeah. Actually did apply there because I have a really good engineering program. Yes. Yeah.
I went to school, tell us in massachusetts, so yeah, I just, I just
live here.
My effort.
Um Living with housemates. Yeah, I'm actually, I'm actually from Vietnam's. I'm not from America, so
yeah, yeah, I'm glad I'm kind of glad excitingly. It's not also not great to be an international student at this time. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Yes, ralph um yeah, it's a rough time for everyone. Are you living with your parents? Are you originally from pennsylvania?
No.
that's, that's really good. And your parents can visit you a lot. Uh I wish, I wish I could say the same about my parents. Uh but yeah, I've been training is great, been just filling a lot I really like, so we have been food there. Oh,
mm. Yeah, I, I think I try eating like at a Vietnamese restaurant, it was like pretty good boston has like a really good uh remains to, this is like a big women's community here. Yeah.
Feelings,
plates
like in massachusetts or in uh chile
huh Yeah, so I don't think I've been here but I have like a lot of also like give me strength who go to Temple University and fairly um so
this school,
yeah actually almost like um so these are also like friends, you know back from Vietnam um just kind of funny, it's like a lot of them went to school and temple and I don't know what's going Dickinson. So like yeah, like a lot that's just like in pennsylvania uh and that like the only kind of view these people I know over here so I go visit them a lot. Uh
so
so how was uh things going for you? I imagine you probably just working from home a lot. Yeah.
Oh that's long.
That's
That's also yeah my housemate are in the same situation where like they have Like even using like the metro system, I have like over 40 minutes, I'll come here. I usually like half a short because on my house because I work like I buy to worry it's like a seven minute away and I have like the longest communities actually have to leave the house like go to one because I do a lot of black work so I can't can't really do too much of that at home.
Oh no, it's
actually opposite. There's a there's a storm coming. Uh
I mean it's pretty, it's pretty bright because I don't know like like this because I like daylight savings in summer is like it's just deep right out until like new york home. But discipline like a storm is coming. I don't like tonight. I like tomorrow. Uh huh. Yeah. Still making a lot
So how about it?
Oh come here.
Yeah I've
been talking about
free time. Um I really like cooking. Um I'm
not that good at it but like I think it's just like
sometimes
it's just
like
yeah I could just feel like the sake of it. Like sometimes like I could do things much more efficiently. I just don't do it because I just like you like the process of cooking so I cook a lot. Which is great because you are like great for the pandemic situation because you know mm just like at home all day just eating. I also like um dancing but it's kind of hard because I
can't take dance class because just like a couple of very risky to you right now. Uh Yeah. It was like like a two main things that you what about you?
I mean,
who doesn't do it?
It's
fun.
That's awesome. So I've always been curious about like, okay, commit. Is it? It's still like digital rights. You still like saved. Like I have no nothing before photography. So what?
So what's like, it was like the advantage was like something you can do with the camera that you can do with an iphone so I can picture is pretty good in my pants.
It's really cool.
Thank
you.
I see.
It's believed
cool. How long have you been um doing photography?
happen like now it's like feel like the perfect time they want to like, I don't like get back in touch with copies. Like, like, like everyone just, you know, like baking bread. Like, like I have one friend, it's just like, like make to love of bread two weeks and I keep bringing it over to my house is like, make me try it. Just like, I don't I don't like
that
unless, but it's just like, it's great.
Just like, like just eat it very slowly because you just can't get too much away at that time. Uh
that's true.
Yeah. It's just like rice better. But
because
we're asian.
You
Yeah, that's great. Remember back home from hundreds foolish reasons. Eat rice with soy sauce. It's like it's like too lazy to go because you know, like it tastes good enough. Um Right.
Perfect.
I fear food has a hard question. It's a lot. Um Yeah so I realized soup like a noodle soup
a lot. Yeah. So
so this is their meat noodles of coal. Meanwhile it's like the translation is like why noodle? And it's like kind of like a province in Vietnam. It's not that popular here. It's not like we're like if I know. Yeah but it's like really good. Um It's like very tasty and love it. What matters is your favorite?
Is
this great?
It's true. I was
saying
I'll go ahead.
Just
I was gonna say like uh I had some failures like pretty authentic. I understand
anything. Any fun like that is kind of like in a postal
it is uh state is probably like the authentic because because I feel like it means it's like a lift a lot. Um, yeah. And like even
even if you know what it's like, it's like many ways you can cook it as long as you don't like the weird thing with it. Like
I don't know.
Like
sometimes,
yeah, sometimes magazine would be like, oh, we make fun. We use clean lines that like the, the middle always like us. Like, like actually refers like the noodles. Like as long as you have a bronze in the noodle, you can call it fun. But like if you put pronunciation is like, no, that's terrible. And
yeah yeah. What? Obviously one of time it's kind of like to be in America is kind of like, yeah, it's really like an Irving. Um,
I
don't,
uh, so I was actually gonna like go back to visit this summer like right before like the kinetic I was, I have to take the books like end of april and like I think beginning in january, my mom called me and told me I have to cancel because I think I always wanted to pay for starting and I really spent close to china um, cancer it luckily because then you know, everything blows up. I like um, yeah, now
I just don't think it can come back until maybe like next year. Um,
just yeah, because
I don't wanna get stuff
in Vietnam and like even if I come back, I have to quarantine for two weeks at least. Can't
like uh uh
huh
So I'm from the south, from a coaching main line from Saigon
look.
There's a lot of enemies like around this area, which is, which is nice. I like it.
Yeah. Well we like that saying.
that
system
For dancing and this is really hard. Um I mean I'm probably not as good as your friend because I also just like a billionaire but yeah like that was like really good. I do you mean stance er at my school we have like a cup like to live. Uh but yeah it's definitely definitely takes takes a lot of time cut. Just like everything. Uh huh Yeah I want to a little bit out for it so
Uh huh I used to watch a live show, I watch a lot to come like you know like the office and like things are having like reference.
Yeah. Yeah I see you just watch whatever like netflix recommend me most of the time. Fun. Especially now that we're staying home so much. Okay.
Oh yeah, looks like you're definitely
smell.
Yeah, it's pretty hard to film her. She said, I feel like I feel like the longer it goes on is this like I mean it's stupid and goodbye thing like like the latest season aren't as good as like the first few seasons. Um It's also like after a while it does get like a little bit repented like the concept is two different but you're not like like I like the same kind of like the kind of like get a relapse no leo season but it's still like amazing show. It's still like probably like one of the best like netflix best show.
Yeah it's really good. Yeah. Have you seen Russian Doll is also not netflix and it's like really good.
so it's about this woman who dies on her birthday but then she has just like reset and she's just kind of relive the same day over and over again and she has to figure out why like she just kept dying on her birthday. It's kind of
interesting.
but it's pretty it's pretty short, I think I watched the entire thing was in one day. Um Yeah,
Very good show. Um
everyone, yeah.
Um
Mhm.
Yeah, I
saw my friend, but I kinda like an outdoor picnic, so we're like how far our outdoor last week, I was like the first time I've seen in three months, which is like, I mean
we didn't
call it sometimes, but it's like a long time. Well,
Because
it must be. Well, yeah, I was saying I
was
saying so I
see
the co worker a lot because I work in a lab, but like well like have like doing a schedule, we don't like we'll be at the same time, so yeah, I was just gonna call, go straight, What were you trying to say?
Um So before and then it almost like never work remotely um Mostly because I worked really close, a very close the words, I just have no reason to came in. Um at the beginning of the pandemic, I was working from home was kind of doing more like data analysis and just doing some other background research, but I think lungs massachusetts like pass. So we have a face reopening. So um like non customers to this and more on essential side business get to open first. And that's when that's when I went back to work. Uh do we know in face going? And now we have like more stuff um we open um which is great, but I hope we're not moving too fast. Yeah.
To me,
charlie.
That's
awesome. Yeah. That's a bad thing to do.
Yeah. Yeah, it's like a great discipline because um can you just like really go into almost anything uh with mechanical engineering actually, because everything needs a little bit, we can't go to work. Yeah.
Well, you see a company it's like at 50% or is it like Pennsylvania Open at 50
always?
That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah,
I
would
imagine.
Well imagine if you like, because it seems like so you didn't consult him or like it seems like it was just just like be able to let your mental work from home because, you know, it's not that physical,
you know?
Yeah. Yeah, I imagine.
my company is trying to do kind of like, just like, it's almost like a happy hour, which is kind of like half, like an hour meeting, which is kinda like talk and like I'm like wait games together. She's pretty fun. Yeah. Help me you know? As long because like half of the company does work from home because they do not like blackboard stuff. Um
So so we are waste water treatment company will actually start up so it's like pretty small. That's why you know we have fun things like just happy hour and stuff like that. Yeah. It's also
kind of like we're being a star up, you know? Pandemic time slot of
this.
that's true. Yeah. Yeah. I really like to do I worked with so it's nice to like know
them.
Oh I live with Briana housemaid because it's because his boss to everyone, we were like a huge number of housemates, we can afford rent here. Um Yeah, but they're really
I am enjoying it.
Yeah. I have friends from college.
Yeah. Yeah. It's growing out because I mean I have
short hair, so even even if it goes out really um I like cut my own hair like
midway through
is
that
still hot? Yeah.
don't know. I don't know what it's really over. Uh huh
want from china.
Australia. Yeah, so I mean I work full time, but we know last like three days a week and then two days to do more from home. It's just like yeah, somehow I feel the same way just like just like do a bunch of color, a little busy work like well like Philip rhesus don't have that much stuff you can do from home and just I was just being home, my planning writing down, let's see like, like bullets, five bullets what I'm gonna do when I go into a lab. What's that? Right. Oh
Well,
but
But
I Oh right.
huh.
No. Oh yeah. We're gonna be living like in Manhattan or is it gonna be like have like one of the other? Uh
I see. It must be expensive living there.
Black.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah. But I will actually actually I would have in my life things are much more expensive than that because it's 22 people. But even in boston if you like live in the Cambridge area is like You obviously like $2,000 per person per month. Uh and for some reason I just thought like Manhattan would be like, I don't know much more because I have some friends at work I guess in Silicon Valley and like they're like very upset about the whole situation now because I can't end at least. And it's just like
$2,000 a month.
Just just
lets
it.
So I think your video cut out. Um
No.
I think um it was really nice talking to you.
Yeah. I
hope you find
a good apartment.
Just like it just disappeared. I think when you were talking about like the other houses in Manhattan,
Mhm.
I think I think we just clicked. All right. I'm gonna close it right now. Talking to you. Bye.