Hi hey harry.
Yeah yeah I can hear you.
Oh cool I'm Sharon I I live in pennsylvania. I live about an hour near Philly philadelphia. Yeah. Mhm. Are you are you a student?
Oh yeah me too.
Yeah. Did you um did you graduate
from undergrad or grad school?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I graduated back in August of 2019 so I've been working full time for about um 11 months now since
I um I studied finance and business information systems. I was a double major um and I have a minor in chinese. Um
Yeah and right now I'm working as a I. T. Risk consultant at ernst and Young. Yeah
all
Mhm. Yeah I I want to Lehigh University.
cool cool that's cool. Where did you go to school?
tough.
that's
that's a good school yeah I've heard I've heard about are you living with your parents right now?
cool. Yeah international student. Right
Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah I understand what you're saying. Um My roommate, both my roommates were international um students and uh they're from one of them from Beijing china and the other one is from like another city, it's like more northern china. Um So both of them went back because they can stay here, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I grew up in actually I was I was born in Manhattan in
new york city um and then I lived in china for like four forest years of my life with my grandparents. Um My parents were here uh they were in new york um and then I came here when I was five for kindergarten um in like new york city, the queen's area. Um And then And then uh when I was like it's like all over the place, sorry when I was when I was like nine or 10 I came to Pennsylvania and I just kind of stayed here um ever since also like for school as well actually my college is only half an hour from here from my parents house.
Yeah, they definitely did. Oh I really like um I think feel is the best, far out of um like all the major cities that I've been to.
Oh
that's good.
Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah so like I I know I know that my friends and I really one place I think it's called Faja uh it's on like Washington street, I'm not sure if you're familiar.
Oh no, no, no, it in and Philly, Yeah, in Philly.
Oh type. Oh yeah. Type of a lot of yeah. Uh
that's that's cool. Yeah. Our friends in the pennsylvania area.
Yeah, that's cool, that's cool.
Um Yeah go ahead.
I am working from home a lot. Um but I think it's kind of nice because I get to wake up later and I don't have like the commute. Yeah, because when I when I lived in new york, I lived in queens um but my work was in Times Square, So
it was it was like about 45 minutes to an hour commute. Uh so it was like really long um and now I keep kind of saved like two hours on that, so that's nice and also my parents cook for me so I
don't I don't have to worry about. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense, that makes sense. It looks like a beautiful day out um where you are right now. Yeah.
It's
Oh really? Oh I thought I thought it looked really nice.
Yeah I see. Yeah. Sorry I dropped something. Uh
So what?
Yeah go no go ahead. What
do you usually
like? What do you what do you usually do like when you have like some free time?
that's nice.
Me
neither.
Don't
worry.
girl.
I like I was eating. Um
So
so so so I mean you can cook for me and I'll eat it. Um And I also like um I guess like online shopping a lot. Um which
is
like this is like all the things that I've been doing a lot lately. Um But if I was able to go outside I usually like like taking walks. Um and I also like going out like with my camera like taking pictures, I have a canon T. six I so it's like a bulkier camera but I'm still learning how to use it so.
yeah it's it's it's called a DSLR so it's still very much a digital camera. Um and like it's kind of waterproof but you shouldn't really get it wet um And it looks pretty archaic I would say. But it definitely with like the proper skill you can take much better pictures than like the latest iphone. So
I've seen pictures but I found iphone pictures tend to be um flatter I guess like you still have like portrait mode but it's uh you can't really make the contrast as like nice. Whereas like with like um um with like uh DSLR you can take like either really detailed pictures with like the background almost like a like a watercolor which is very nice. Um
And then there's like yeah and then there's other aspects of it, were you like where you can definitely take pictures of things in motion like
very
very clearly. Um which the iphone doesn't really capture like for example
like water splashing, like you can see like the individual drop that's like very um so I guess it's just more precise I guess. Yeah I would
say.
Yeah not long at all actually, it's only probably been like a month or two on and off, so I'm still learning um So I can't really tell you much about it unfortunately. Yeah.
That's
funny.
you should have told her.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't really like bread either, it's too like a soup plan. Thank
you. Uh
Yeah, me too. Me
too. Me too.
Me too. Yeah.
Asian, definitely.
have a friend that ate rice with salt sometimes when she didn't have like anything else. Yeah, and that
was really funny. Yeah. What's your favorite food?
me too.
That's yeah.
Yeah, I I um I really like far um
but
I guess I but I guess I just like like more Americanized for I would say because I don't really know what authentic for is like I haven't been to Vietnam. Um
and
I also really,
Uh Yeah and I also really like like um um ramen but like not as much I would say because ramen, like it's like um it depends sometimes it's too too creamy for me. Um I feel
like the broth is like too thick. Yeah. Mhm.
True.
Come on.
that's good.
But
she,
isn't
it?
no, that makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you do you know when you're going to like go back to Vietnam and see
your
family?
Yeah.
Next
Okay.
That's bad.
Two
Yeah.
What what part of Vietnam are you from?
Uh huh. Okay. Cool. Cool. Yeah,
I have I have a couple of friends who are from Saigon to Yeah.
It's very nice. Yeah. I find um I found a lot of my Vietnamese friends like are really good at dancing so
and yeah. Yeah, it's nice. I feel
like,
I feel like, I feel like whenever I see them dance I'm just like, wow, they're so good. How did they do that? And then like they make it look so easy but then when I try to do it it's like I don't know it just doesn't it just doesn't look great.
Mhm. Do you watch any shows?
In the Office.
Have you seen Black Mirror?
like
I think I think it's done now though, I don't know if they're released in another season
Yeah. Yeah I would say so too. Mhm.
I haven't I haven't what what is it about?
and
this is like and this is a series? Mhm.
Mhm. That's cool. Mhm.
Yeah mm I feel like I've been so bored during quarantine it was like nothing
Yeah
mm.
Okay.
Yeah.
that's
a long time.
Mhm definitely. I still think that's like quite long. Um I haven't seen anyone at work since March and it just feels like, I don't know, it just feels like it's not like some people, I just like don't even really remember anymore,
like some people that that I haven't uh that I only met like once or twice. Yeah. Yeah.
Are
you?
go
ahead.
Uh Oh, I was I was just saying um so like uh since you work in a lab, you did you like could you work remotely before um the pandemic?
Yeah. Yeah. No, I hope so too, because my company is already in Phase three and that means
like 50% capacity, which
is a lot. Yeah. But yeah, I was gonna mention something earlier. You said your mechanical engineering, right? And my sister is also a mechanical
engineering.
Yeah, but she's a she's a sophomore now, she's a junior actually, or she's going to be a junior.
definitely.
It's the company like building, so
headquarters, like the headquarter building is in um Times Square, which is where I work. Um and they they're at 50% capacity. Uh but but like that's but they still stress like working from home. Um And also like I I feel like they can't force us to go back. Um If if we like if we feel uncomfortable with it, and also like some people live with like high risk, like like their parents are like their roommate as high risk um or just like might be hard for like for example me, I'm like in pennsylvania, so like driving over there would be like two hours or like 2.5 hours. So it'll be a long time.
Yeah,
it's
just
like not realistic.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think it's nice that I am able to work from home and also like the work is lighter because I don't have to go to the client site which is
Um Like I feel like going to the clients that sometimes takes up like even more time and then like when I end up coming home sometimes it's like seven or like eight o'clock but like but like working at home you just like call the client or you just like email them and then um I mean I just like log off at five, it's like pretty nice. Yeah.
Mm Yeah. But it also gets kind of like um kind of like lonely and boring because like you're always by yourself but but in the office you can definitely like grab lunch with someone or like grab coffee or like have like team team like lunches and stuff, which is nice. Yeah.
Uh What company was it again?
That's
definitely
is. Yeah, no, I'm sure they'll do well though. Um I think like a smaller company is also kind of nice because I feel like it's more personable, like you definitely like know everyone much like on a closer level than like a large company, so you know.
That's
good. That's good. Yeah, that's good. So how many people do you live with currently?
That's nice.
Yeah, that's really nice. Are they like friends from college?
That's good. Yeah, I think it's always nice uh like rooming with people that, you know um when I was when I was in the city, I was like with like random people and it like wasn't wasn't very great. Mhm. Ah You have so much hair
pandemic?
that's good.
I don't I don't
know how
to cut my own hair.
Yeah, my hair is also getting really long too. Um Mhm. Super long, right? Yeah, maybe after pandemic is over and cut my hair. Yeah.
This do you work full time? Okay.
Okay. Yeah, I I feel like um now that I'm at home, I I like I technically work full time, but I don't really like have uh work that takes up all my time. So I just kind of like I kind of grew up going prolific or like other websites um just do little things here and there. Yeah.
I make checklists at work to um I like writing it down more than like keeping on my phone. I think it definitely lays it out better for me, I guess.
Yeah. Are you? I'm actually I'm actually thinking of like moving back and actually I have to have to move back into the city um Probably at the end of this year, like early next
year um when like the
whole building kind of opens up because I have to like
because my my boyfriend he's going to Colombia for grad school, so uh it's just easier like living together um when we're both in the same city. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh So so I used to live in Queens which was um I don't know if you're familiar, it's it's to the east of Manhattan, Yes to the east. Uh and then Jersey is to the west of Manhattan. Um So I used to live in Queens, but I'm gonna be living in uh side eye area when I go back to is like um the area that's like below uh midtown midtown Manhattan. Midtown is where times squares. Yeah. Yeah, so it's like it's like a below, it's like where like the tip of Manhattan is on the bottom.
Yeah, it's pretty expensive. It's
um The apartment we're currently looking at is like nearly 4000, so it's pretty expensive. Uh But like I don't know, we're still looking at different places because like we're not definitely going to go with that one. Um It's just like the nicest one that we've seen. Yeah.
Um
But yeah, I don't I don't really think we're I don't think we're going to go with something like that expensive because it's like kind of kind of like too expensive. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh yeah, it sucks.
Yeah. Yeah.
No, no, no.
Manhattan
is definitely like like uh More like a lot of them are a lot more expensive than um like what I was talking about 4000. Um but 4000 would be for like a one bedroom, so that's kind of like quite expensive. Um But like but like since I'm sharing it um you know, like we would split it, but there are definitely like apartments that are like more expensive than that, but I like we can't we can't really afford it. So I'm looking at this. Yeah.
Oh, that's weird. Can you see me?
Uh huh. That's weird. I can see you. Yeah.
Yeah, it was nice talking to you too. So um
you
said that.
Yeah. Thanks. Um I hope I hope you do well in like your research and you're able to see your parents again. Was your flight back? Um, so I I just have a question that you couldn't see my video like just a couple of moments ago or like what was the
Okay. Okay. I okay. I don't know. It's kind of weird. Mm. So
do we just close this window after we're done or? So?