SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, we got one. Mhm. Those are some of the places wise interpreted as well as an opportunity. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good? How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. I'm pretty tired. It's a little bit later than I'm used to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, I when I set up the times, I just push them all the way to midnight, but never happened to actually find somebody that wants to chat at that time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the same way I was like, well, I might as well say I'm available about and then when they actually like, let me know, they're like your media like 11 to midnight. Like oh, it's late. It's later than I usually stay up. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, uh it's not the same for me. I usually am, you know, looking at news and watching Youtube and later than I should. So just something different
SPEAKER_R: Which time zone are you in right now?
SPEAKER_L: central.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm in central to
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I'm actually in Oklahoma. So
SPEAKER_R: Really? I'm in Arkansas. Yeah, I live in like the northwestern part of it, like the very tip of it.
SPEAKER_L: So last time I did this, I actually got matched with another person from the city next to Oklahoma City. So we were just chatting over, you know, not too far from each other.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Funny. I haven't had a chatted some from Rhode island and then Maryland and then like Seattle. So like nowhere anywhere in the midwest south reason. So it's funny that you're in Oklahoma I guess. Probably like they're less popular areas. Not many people live there.
SPEAKER_L: Right right. So you've done this multiple times?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think we can do it to maximum forward. So this is my fourth and last one for a while, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you're maxed out. Yeah. No more no more video chatted for you but it's a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: deal.
SPEAKER_R: been fun, it's been interesting. Yeah, everyone's been like, it's always been like completely different each time, so
SPEAKER_L: Did you ever get somebody? Really really strange? That's my biggest concern at times.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, every time I'm like fingers crossed. But no, like actually everyone I've met, I've actually pretty like I've liked it hasn't been like super hard to keep a conversation going or anything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess in the in this times with pandemic and everything you know everybody's trying to scrape up as much as they can.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah, like a new person. I haven't talked to you yet. I'm like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: no, so
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: are you working? Oh sorry, are you working
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: home or do you, so are you able to go in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm a teacher so sometimes I um can stay home but other times I can so
SPEAKER_R: Well?
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: Et
SPEAKER_L: university search.
SPEAKER_R: I made like a college student. So what
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: do you,
SPEAKER_L: go to a university of Arkansas?
SPEAKER_R: No, I live super close university of Arkansas, but I go to Arkansas Tech, which is about two hours south of University of Arkansas. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: you should.
SPEAKER_L: What are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Um Business Nikon and then I'll probably go to graduate school at the University of Arkansas. Yeah. What
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: do you,
SPEAKER_L: I do science and math. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: kind of size is, what classes do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: I do a lot of different biology's so intro to biology, physiology, theology as some kind of like uh more geared towards engineering biology students and uh some some math you know college algebra to some calculus.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in calculus this semester and then last mr I took Biology and I didn't realize that I got into the class for actual like biology students instead of like the journal lead. So I ended up learning a lot more about biology that I think I had anticipated at the beginning of semester
SPEAKER_L: Okay so are you sophomore I guess?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a senior, so that was just
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: my life,
SPEAKER_L: senior now?
SPEAKER_R: my last lead was taking a science costs. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So you're doing a business in Nikon and then you're going to graduate school?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well that's the plan as of right now anyway. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so I guess you get a masters or PhD in economics, What are you shooting for?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've thought about going for my masters, I'm not sure I want to commit that much time to it, so, but they do have a program that can be led into a PhD, so I figured by end of the masters I'll have a good idea if I want to get tenure or not, but I'm not sure if I want to do or not.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do you know what kitchen economics uh what kind of job opportunity that gives you have no idea. Do you want to teach her? Is there like career path with a PhD in economics?
SPEAKER_R: Um, A lot of would be going to the government and a lot of their, they have a higher, a lot economists throughout their different roles and then a lot of non profits, higher economists as well. So I like to work somewhere and like not like nonprofit or government kind of world. I think
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I will
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: anyway.
SPEAKER_L: I can learn something, what does uh an economic person do? Like
SPEAKER_R: I mean they kind of just,
SPEAKER_L: job? What would be their responsibilities?
SPEAKER_R: oh, I think you can kind of like phrases so you can look at more of a economy as a whole or you can look more as in like individual finances and how people make their choices related to money. I'm interested more like the international development side of it and how you can help promote developing country economies and promote job growth more on an individual level instead of like at the country level. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: do you have to like make make a thesis and do like a research for your graduate school?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure yet I'm working on, so I'm in the honors program at my school, so I'm working on my project now which is on international development, so I've been kind of like his corresponding with the, one of the professors at the University of Arkansas, like see like what would you like going to school there and stuff like that is um So I feel like there's still like a lot of don't quite know yet, but I'm hopeful by the fear I'll be like really confident and like know what I'm getting into.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I completely understand, you know after I finished my Bachelor I went into a PhD and you know I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I got my PhD in physiology but my bachelor degree was in a medical engineering so I had all this uh mathematics and engineering background and then I was catapulted in the world of biology so there was that was like a nice shock but
SPEAKER_R: So did you go straight from Bachelor to PhD?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's a in in medical sciences, they they have this kind of accelerated programs that after you graduate, they they send you to school for five more years and then you get your PhD from there. So it's kind of like a master to PhD together five years.
SPEAKER_R: Was it um I guess for lack of better were like intimidating, like going straight into like a PhD program or were you like kind of used to the idea by then?
SPEAKER_L: No you know after four years of engineering school I you know I was very humbled so I was not terribly intimidated. I just I just knew that I could probably you know just suffer through it. Like I suffered through engineering school. I thought a little bit of a masochistic some people would say
SPEAKER_R: Where did you go to school? Did you go to the same school for your PhD program as a bachelor? Did you switch up schools?
SPEAKER_L: I had to switch the institution that I went for. My undergraduate, didn't have a graduate program and uh the institute that I went to offered a statement. So they made the, made a decision very easy because I got accepted in a couple of different colleges. One of them was a Cornell. So I felt very happy because it was kind of a you know, I felt honored to be accepted there but they wanted 60,000 year for tuition and that included a 50% stipend and scholarship and still there was you know, a little bit out of reach. So I just uh moved to Oklahoma City and that's where I have been this whole time.
SPEAKER_R: But um, yeah, I don't think I could dish out $60,000 a year for school.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I think you would think it would crush me inside to do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well, you know, some profession is just uh given that you will have to do that, you know, if you go for MD, then those kids come out of college with 200,000 in that, but I guess the step and makes up for it, but I don't think my career path with would be the same pay scale.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have a friend who's going to Columbia in new york city and she wants to be like a neurosurgeon. So like that's, I feel like a justifiable reason to go to Colombia. I don't think my major was a justifiable reason to go to Columbia. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Is your family also in Arkansas? You're close by?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we lived in Arkansas. So I was born in like Jonesborough, which is on the other side of Arkansas, but I looked here in north circuits over the past 12 years. Mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just realized that sometimes uh americans tend to move a lot, like they're
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: born in one state and they go to school in other states and then they end up working at the state. I don't know if you could tell them, I'm not american, I'm originally from uh from ITaly, so I I moved over here when I started my undergraduate and I've been near over ever since and I thought that I was moving a lot, but when I talked to people uh you know, hardly anybody stays in the same place for a long period of time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That's where in ITaly are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Milan is where my family is, but I was born in Sicily, I don't know if you're familiar with the geography there a little bit,
SPEAKER_R: A little bit? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: have you been there?
SPEAKER_R: I've been to ITaly before twice now, but I'm only exports sort of like the Tuscany here. Like, like a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Tuscany. So I haven't really been to Melanie yet. I'm not super into fashion and want like, like sort of like a fashion capital. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's a staple that he gets, but you know from a touristic perspective, I guess that's what it is, but um for somebody that lives there, Milan is kind of just a city in a region that has more opportunity, so my family's from Sicily and they moved when I was a kid to to the region around Milan just because there were more jobs there, you know for for Italians is not the fashion that drives them to Milan unless you are in the fashion business but you know my my parents were not just just found jobs there and that was convenient.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's, it's interesting. I don't know if you would say it's similar, but I was in Spain for a couple weeks, lost somewhere and then finishing like both in like Spain and ITaly it was very like a lot, not necessarily like ties to the country as a whole, but kind of like your geographical region where you're from. I thought that was really interesting. Like closer ties and I feel like states here like they were tied like really connected to like your, where like sort of like the territory you come from. I thought that was really interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. If you think about the history of europe you know we have centuries of history and those countries were built when you would be born, raised, lived and died in the same little village, you know it wasn't a completely globalized world the way that it is now. So traditions even within the same country are very different in each regions which makes it very interesting too. To tour you can you can really see a lot of different things in different places and different experiences within a relatively short distance in the United States, especially in the southwest. I feel like you can drive for days and still be you know within the same cultural, you know atmosphere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't feel like like I guess if you took someone from like texas and then compare them a song from like, you know maybe like L. A. Or like a really popular area. There definitely be like a lot of some like, you know, lifestyle differences. But as a whole, I don't feel like there's quite as many distinctions between areas like pretty sort of a melting pot. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. But you know, especially you know if I look at an Oklahoma and a Texan and maybe an Arkansas consonant.
SPEAKER_R: This is
SPEAKER_L: How do you say? Uh
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah. We say like Arkin's
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: the world. Our canton. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of night. But anyway, I feel like there's not like huge differences in uh you know
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: in people but maybe maybe you have a different perspective since you're from here. I kind of an outsider
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: point of view.
SPEAKER_R: no. I mean the only thing like I think the accent is a little bit different between like I guess especially like Oklahoma is probably pretty similar but texas is a little little more country than where I'm from. But
SPEAKER_L: How is my uncle um accent?
SPEAKER_R: I mean you just sound more midwestern than maybe southern, like I don't think I don't really have a southern accent use more midwestern, anything else I think. But
SPEAKER_L: Would you would
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: have guessed that I was from somewhere else by Maxon?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I didn't, I thought you were european, but
SPEAKER_L: I mean no
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: offense
SPEAKER_R: wasn't,
SPEAKER_L: you can tell me anything. But I'm just curious because you know, I I've clearly tried to work on my pronunciation. I'm just curious if somebody, you know not knowing me, you know, you obviously don't know me well if I didn't tell you where it was from, where would you believe I was from
SPEAKER_R: well your pronunciation is like perfectly, so nothing like a drawing pronunciation. I actually thought I thought you might have been spanish. I thought you might. Yeah, I wasn't sure
SPEAKER_L: I see that.
SPEAKER_R: exactly where, but that's why I narrowed it out. I didn't think italian though, but I have less experience than italian accent, so maybe that's it.
SPEAKER_L: So how long ago did you go to Italy
SPEAKER_R: Um So I went, I was there last summer just for like a weekend and then the year before I was there for about five
SPEAKER_L: weekend?
SPEAKER_R: days. Yeah, so I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: guess it was part of a bigger tour? Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, so I was staying in spain with a host family for the summer and then the eastern friends went to room for the weekend.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Did you ever make a dedicated trip to spend some time in ITaly or not yet?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not yet. Yeah, so like I think like the total amount of time I spent in Italy as a whole has been like seven days, so like not nearly enough light to see really any big chunk of the country, so I want to see like a very very small part of it, so I'd like to see more just because it's so different understanding different cities and stuff like that. Um But I don't know if I'll be going back any time soon, everything going on, but I like to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes. Yes, now it's complicated, you know, I was supposed to go back in the summer, clearly that didn't happen and that is, you know, of course I missed my country so I tend to go back every summer, that is my way to kind of recharge my batteries and reconnect with my, you know heritage and I didn't get to do it this year, so I'm a little bit bummed out by that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you travel a lot into like, so like your e citizen, do you travel a lot within the Eu or do you mostly stay in sort of like the Italy was it before? Like Switzerland, like that sort of area or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, actually Milan is only 30 minutes away from Switzerland and um you can just hop in the car and you can spend an afternoon in a swiss mountain if you wanted to. So we did that sometimes and you can, you can get very cheap slides. I don't know if you travel by train or if you travel by plane, uh they have this very low budget air companies kind of like Ryanair and jet hair and this very affordable planes. You can, you know go to London for like say you know $50 per person. It's very very affordable. So it's it's not uncommon for people to decide to spend a couple of days in a different country and uh I've done that a couple of times, not not as much as I would want, I wanted to because you know, I moved here when I went to college, so my my time back in europe uh was always limited. So I tend to spend most of the with my family instead of traveling when I go there.
SPEAKER_R: So uh one of the places I want to go to Next is like Canada, I just feel like they're like our northern neighbors. I feel like I should go there before I go back to europe. I'm like, I should visit what's already in on my continent before I leave the continent.
SPEAKER_L: Well what is your favorite uh landscape? Are you, are you do enjoy the mountains for you enjoying the beach? What is your dream? I don't know occasion place.
SPEAKER_R: Um definitely not anywhere super hot. I'm not very, I
SPEAKER_L: is pretty
SPEAKER_R: think, yeah. What? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Is Arkansas hot?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I live like the very north park. So it isn't like excruciating. But I don't think my body is meant for extreme temperatures. Uh I am not, yeah, not I'm ill suited for that. So I like the mountains. Um I like the beach too. But I do like more a little more adventurous vacations. So I like, I do like going to cities as well. It kind of depends on who I'm with.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm a little bit ignorant on american geography, but I pulled up a map, so I guess the north part of Arkansas, it's kind of the same latitude as uh Oklahoma city. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So if you look at like south of like little rock, which is the capital city is what we call like the Delta and it's super low flat land and that's pretty hot. And they use it for agriculture.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Have you ever been to Oklahoma
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've been to Oklahoma couple times. I've been to Tulsa quite a few times. I've been like, they have like glass blowing there that have been gospel only a couple of times there, which is pretty
SPEAKER_L: glass
SPEAKER_R: fun. Yeah. So that he can like, like they have to help you obviously because you know, you don't know how to do it yourself, but you get to like, we made like little pumpkins one time and yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: In Tulsa,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Until some.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. You know in in Italy glass blowing, It's it's a big deal, especially in the venice area, they really specialist on glass manufacturing. I didn't know that they actually, the glass blowing in here. I thought that most of the stuff is you know produced in gigantic factories, there is not a whole lot of uh artisanal production.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it's associated with like a school there with one the colleges. I think a lot of the college students go through that program there, but they also have like workshops where you can like hoppin on and do different projects with them. I
SPEAKER_L: So do
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: you have a lot of glass trinkets that you made yourself?
SPEAKER_R: no, I've only been I think three times, I don't see them around here, so I made But yeah, a couple. I don't know if you there even really glass blowing, but it's like melted glass and he did accept it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I went to, when I went to venice I saw the actual glass blowers and it was very fascinating how they have this you know burning mass of silica and then they put it in some powder and by the way this fairly in the temperature then it gets those colors in those patterns. It's certainly it's really incredible you know how people came up with that. You know
SPEAKER_R: We have, have you been to Arkansas?
SPEAKER_L: I've been wanting to go I I I had a look at the map I've been eyeing in the past the national forests. I really like to go to a natural
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: national parks and I see that the Ozark and over sheet forests are pretty close to Oklahoma and I was thinking about driving there but I haven't. Maybe I can ask for your recommendations.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well I live in mental which is like um the home office of walmart, so we have like this big american, yeah, called Crystal bridges and they have this huge exhibit of like outdoor, like glass. So there's like all these like glass sculptures outside and they're actually pretty crazy like how intricate they can get without like the thing just completely collapsing in on itself. So if you ever been to Bill, I was just going out to Crystal bridges. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: didn't know the walmart main office were there?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's for Arkansas, it's actually pretty culturally diverse because they do bring in a lot of people around the world and the country to come work here for them specifically. And a lot of companies have like representatives here to deal with walmart. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you like you like your state?
SPEAKER_R: I like where I live a lot. Um I love living eventual, I wouldn't live anywhere else in Arkansas per se, but I do love like the city that I live in.
SPEAKER_L: Do you see yourself living there forever or do you plan on moving somewhere else for? I don't know, job
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: family,
SPEAKER_R: cannot see.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can see myself living somewhere else. Um pretty easily. I'm not sure exactly where that is yet. I'm pretty flexible, but I don't imagine I'll stay here forever. Even though I do think it's a great place to live. What about you think you see yourself living in Oklahoma city for a long time?
SPEAKER_L: Well Oklahoma city was kind of uh you know fortuitous uh coincidence because I told you I applied for this uh PhD programs and that's where I ended up getting the better deal. Um The PhD program that I got in here actually paid for me to go there and it was like a full ride and stipend. So financially made, I made a lot of sense. And then the university here hired me right after my PhD. So it's been it's been very very good for me in that sense. I'm not bound to the state forever. If if an opportunity where to come to go somewhere else. I I would like that. You know my my soul is a european so I enjoyed the Wild west but it's not you know it's not in my blood.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. I understand there was a few universities in England I was looking at, but I'm just going to hear back about like the financials I really would like to go to for free. So I wanted to see where if I can go for free and then decide from there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: know that if you're european citizen there is a lot of uh but a financial help that they they wouldn't give you. But as an american I'm not sure. Do you have any european relatives?
SPEAKER_R: that's a um if I do their way too distant for me to claim as my own. Yeah, I think my mom 1/4 german, but that's not nearly enough to claim german and I don't
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: even speak german.
SPEAKER_L: that does your roots, your um your ancestors were from Germany.
SPEAKER_R: some of them were, yeah my mom's, my mom's 1/4 german so I'm like 1/8 german. So I think it's mostly irish but I don't, I don't really know, I haven't been back interested in finding us kind of just a hodgepodge of european ancestry. What about you? Can you, can you trace your family history back pretty far since a lot of you guys that stay in the same area? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know you know my parents and the parents are my parents and you know you can really go far back and Yeah like I said, people didn't move a lot back then. So the, the house where my grandma lived is the house where my great grandma lived and so on, so forth. No, if people moved, they moved very little from one village to the next, you know, you may be married the um the person in the next door village, so you maybe moved that far and in Italy it wasn't very common to move. The biggest immigrations happened during the worst. A lot of Italians immigrated to America and they mostly settled in the new york New Jersey areas. Nobody has settled in Oklahoma. I think I'm the only time
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There wasn't a massive italian immigration
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: to Oklahoma.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I wonder why there is so much, you know, prayer here for space.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I can definitely see the strong italian influence on Oklahoma. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You know, back in the days I was spending more time wondering, you know, what am I doing here now? I just, I guess I've been here for 10 years. I I become more involved with my job. So it's just a just a place where work. It's a it's still far. I wish I could be closer. It's very very long flights to get back to europe. There is no direct flight you have to upon to three different planes not to mention now you know there is absolutely no way to travel. So it's a little bit secluded but they gave me the opportunity to travel by car. We went to visit Colorado, we were in New Mexico and you know I do like that you know the central location interior allows you to explore many directions but your country just so big you could drive for days.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean you're centrally located, but it also means you have driver really far away to get to like the big stuff, you know, like if you're going to go like you're equally as far from L. A. As new york, but like that's a lot of driving in between,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you know we're basically neighbors were when you want to get out of your for occasion to go somewhere fun. Where do you find yourself going the most?
SPEAKER_R: I guess that kind depends on the budget for the vacation. So if it's, it's just like, you know, not out of the country budget then um, I don't know, we usually we go to florida quite a bit. I have younger brothers. So we like to go to Disney World, so we like to go to florida for Disney world. Um, but we've been Chicago before and I really like Chicago. I'd like to eventually make it out to Yellowstone is in the national parks out there. But I don't I've been to Los Angeles before. I did not particularly like Los Angeles, so I don't imagine I'll probably go back any time soon, but I would like to go more to northern Cali.
SPEAKER_L: Yes when I when I went to Los Angeles it was a very different picture that I you know those portrayed to me by the movies and all the pr that hello gats. It was a very very different city.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think we were like on that like the boardwalk where they have all like the stars in the sidewalk uh across the street there actually were like in the midst of like a movie premiere for one of tim Burton's movies. So like you're having like all these like people walking the red carpet and like all these stars in the ground. But then like you also have like all the people that are very under the influence of drugs and like homeless. So those are very
SPEAKER_L: there and the conscious is very sharp. They're basically next to each other. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was very dualistic. Like it was hard to reconcile that both these things are happening at the same time, but they only show you the good parts of it. So
SPEAKER_L: of course. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know why when I don't see the appeal living there, but maybe if I lived there I would, but I don't see it from an outside point looking in, I don't see the appeal living in Los Angeles.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do go buy cars to florida or two usually fly?
SPEAKER_R: Uh we've done both and that a deal the positive of driving is like you don't have to rent a car when you're there and then the positive flying, it's gonna drive 15 hours, but we've done both before. It kind of depends on how many, like five miles we have racked up.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. That's nice,
SPEAKER_R: I bet you have tons of miles like that you collected
SPEAKER_L: surprisingly
SPEAKER_R: from driving back and forth.
SPEAKER_L: not because you know it's a lot of miles but the flight it's expensive you know and I just do it once a year so I will have this uh nice amount of miles for one year and then you know after so many months they expired so I was actually never able to accumulate any any good amount of miles that would amount to any kind of uh compensation. It's always like hey if you give me all your miles you can get, I don't know a luggage tag.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Or hey don't if they do those, like you can get a magazine subscription, I'm like, I'm not redeeming about my magazine description that I don't care about. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's what I paid $2000 for this flight, I could get magazine.
SPEAKER_R: I think we need to switch airlines if all your miles are expiring, I think you need to switch your loyalty.
SPEAKER_L: Uh You know my loyalty is usually to the cheapest flight. So if you know this series United and next year is uh Lufthansa or american. I find that if I just find that you just fly it, you know you can save a lot more than that. You can gain out of uh membership at least for the frequency that I fly that might change in the future, who knows? But I haven't found a whole lot of value from doing this um memberships yet.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah. Did you? So when you always wondered so like if you moved back to Italy, could you bring like any pets you had with you?
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean you could share, willing to pay a fool ticket for them as well and you know that's about $1500 per particular, so.
SPEAKER_R: I was talking to someone from new Zealand yesterday, he was here up to the US for like a year and they just go back to new Zealand and you can't have any snakes in new Zealand because they don't aren't natural animals there and if it's someone like releases their pet snake that can destroy their bird population, so he wanted a pet snake, but he couldn't take a sneak back to New Zealand, so I was like you probably shouldn't get make.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that happened already in Australia I guess when they introduced the I was the dogs they introduced back in the yeah you know 18 hundreds and they basically exterminated a lot of the native uh flightless birds populations and there was a big big hopes.
SPEAKER_R: I think I know in in florida is a huge problem. People release their like ball python and like snake. Yeah, so snakes will grow to the size of the environment, so like they'll never stop growing if they have an unlimited supply source the food. So people release their snakes to this like super warm climate and it's kind of gone the populations like really grown. So the government, the local government will pay people to go out and like kill these snakes so they try to get a handle like the population because they're like eating a lot of the local animal groups.
SPEAKER_L: now you're talking from experience, do you find yourself a snake hunting in florida for the summer?
SPEAKER_R: No, I I had a pet snake growing up. So I do like snakes and I call on my back yard the other day and we relocated to safe new home. But I don't know, I don't think I could I understand that they should be there. But I also would feel bad if I just went up to it and chopped its head off. You know I think I feel a little guilty over it.
SPEAKER_L: It's uh I think it's a little bit uncommon, I don't think I've ever met a girl that enjoys the snakes, It's always a very very strong opinion on the on the opposite side.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah I had I was like nine and like have you read charlotte's web? Yeah so in the book charlotte eats bugs and my snake was really small and only cricket. So I called her charlotte appreciate bugs and charlotte spider a bugs and it made sense to nine year old be a lot. So her name was
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: charlotte
SPEAKER_L: cute.
SPEAKER_R: and she was green and I really liked her a lot. I held her all the time, she seemed pretty comfortable with me so.
SPEAKER_L: Do you still have her I guess I don't even know longer snake lived?
SPEAKER_R: Well I think she was pretty old when we got her. It's hard to tell for sure. I think her campus snake could live to nine years, but I only had her for like three or four before she passed away. But my mom, I live you know during the school year, I live at school and right now I'm living back with my parents uh when I'm not at school, but I can't take a snake with me to school and I can't leave a snake
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: here. So uh I have no plans ever to get a snake in the next two years.
SPEAKER_L: just out of curiosity, what do your parents feel about prolific, like you're talking to strangers for money on the internet?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no I saw my mom wants to sign up to, I think she likes I've been doing it for a couple of years now and this is not like the first competition I've had, so I guess uh they're kind of used to it now, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: But Yeah, but I think
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: she's want to sign up as well, but I think they're fun. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I enjoy
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: I enjoy doing it. It's a, you know, some of the studies are very interesting, some of them, you know they're not but most of the time it's it's kind of a fun hobby for me.
SPEAKER_R: Always is interesting to see what other people are like researching. And I like to see what's like the farthest university that I can get into. Like, like something like um from like Australia or like, you know, England or something. So I'm always interested in seeing how far I can get on a university study. What's the farthest place I can contribute in.
SPEAKER_L: I guess for me I just started doing it uh this year, you know with the extra time that I had from the pandemic. So starting in february March, but I've had a lot of fun. Did the platform change a lot over the past years? Have you been here for four years, couple of years?
SPEAKER_R: I think I started in my freshman year of college, I think right when after I turned 18, I kind of found it. Um So you know, they're they're pretty much the same. I think a lot of them have been covid related obviously because
SPEAKER_L: We know.
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of a unique time to do research. So most of them have been like, pertained to like sort the pandemic and current, like what's your financial status and your emotional status and stuff like that, but before there's kind of all over the board, so I kinda enjoyed those more. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you don't have to answer this if you don't want to. I'm just curious out of all year, how much are you able to to earn doing politic stuff on average?
SPEAKER_R: Like in a year or like since I've started. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Per year, like just average here?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well, I've known since I've started four years ago, I've made both in euro, so it does kind of vary it, but um over 500 I think, and probably closer to six. So over $100 a year. So not like a ton, but I like to do when I watch tv. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Sounds good. So, I guess we've done pretty good. It's it's been 36 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Well my yeah, my clock has been like off so only says nine, but it has been 36
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: minutes.
SPEAKER_L: is nine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know why it delayed, but it only says nice, but it's 11 36. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I guess uh it was very nice talking to you
SPEAKER_R: I'm talking
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to you too.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. This is your last opportunity uh offered to let you do it again.
SPEAKER_R: It was fun. I've been waiting at the last people I've been paired with haven't showed up. So I was I was glad to finally finish having someone showed up.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, you did it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we'll have a great night. Was great talking to you half
SPEAKER_L: It's the
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: classes.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And good luck on your career after graduation.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Bye.