Hi, can you hear me?
Yes, how are you?
Pretty good. I'm pretty tired. It's a little bit later than I'm used to.
Yeah, that's the same way I was like, well, I might as well say I'm available about and then when they actually like, let me know, they're like your media like 11 to midnight. Like oh, it's late. It's later than I usually stay up. Yeah. Mhm.
Which time zone are you in right now?
Okay. I'm in central to
Really? I'm in Arkansas. Yeah, I live in like the northwestern part of it, like the very tip of it.
Yes. Funny. I haven't had a chatted some from Rhode island and then Maryland and then like Seattle. So like nowhere anywhere in the midwest south reason. So it's funny that you're in Oklahoma I guess. Probably like they're less popular areas. Not many people live there.
Yeah, I think we can do it to maximum forward. So this is my fourth and last one for a while, I guess.
I
mean
it's
been fun, it's been interesting. Yeah, everyone's been like, it's always been like completely different each time, so
Oh yeah, no, every time I'm like fingers crossed. But no, like actually everyone I've met, I've actually pretty like I've liked it hasn't been like super hard to keep a conversation going or anything.
Yes. Yeah, like a new person. I haven't talked to you yet. I'm like, yeah,
no, so
you,
are you working? Oh sorry, are you working
from
home or do you, so are you able to go in?
Well?
Great.
Et
I made like a college student. So what
do you,
No, I live super close university of Arkansas, but I go to Arkansas Tech, which is about two hours south of University of Arkansas. Yeah,
you should.
Um Business Nikon and then I'll probably go to graduate school at the University of Arkansas. Yeah. What
do you,
kind of size is, what classes do you teach?
I'm in calculus this semester and then last mr I took Biology and I didn't realize that I got into the class for actual like biology students instead of like the journal lead. So I ended up learning a lot more about biology that I think I had anticipated at the beginning of semester
I'm a senior, so that was just
my life,
my last lead was taking a science costs. Mhm.
Mhm. Well that's the plan as of right now anyway. Yeah.
Um I've thought about going for my masters, I'm not sure I want to commit that much time to it, so, but they do have a program that can be led into a PhD, so I figured by end of the masters I'll have a good idea if I want to get tenure or not, but I'm not sure if I want to do or not.
Um, A lot of would be going to the government and a lot of their, they have a higher, a lot economists throughout their different roles and then a lot of non profits, higher economists as well. So I like to work somewhere and like not like nonprofit or government kind of world. I think
I will
anyway.
I mean they kind of just,
oh, I think you can kind of like phrases so you can look at more of a economy as a whole or you can look more as in like individual finances and how people make their choices related to money. I'm interested more like the international development side of it and how you can help promote developing country economies and promote job growth more on an individual level instead of like at the country level. Okay,
I'm not sure yet I'm working on, so I'm in the honors program at my school, so I'm working on my project now which is on international development, so I've been kind of like his corresponding with the, one of the professors at the University of Arkansas, like see like what would you like going to school there and stuff like that is um So I feel like there's still like a lot of don't quite know yet, but I'm hopeful by the fear I'll be like really confident and like know what I'm getting into.
So did you go straight from Bachelor to PhD?
Was it um I guess for lack of better were like intimidating, like going straight into like a PhD program or were you like kind of used to the idea by then?
Where did you go to school? Did you go to the same school for your PhD program as a bachelor? Did you switch up schools?
But um, yeah, I don't think I could dish out $60,000 a year for school.
I think you would think it would crush me inside to do that. Yeah.
Yeah. I have a friend who's going to Columbia in new york city and she wants to be like a neurosurgeon. So like that's, I feel like a justifiable reason to go to Colombia. I don't think my major was a justifiable reason to go to Columbia. So, yeah.
Yeah, we lived in Arkansas. So I was born in like Jonesborough, which is on the other side of Arkansas, but I looked here in north circuits over the past 12 years. Mm hmm. Yeah.
It
Yeah, That's where in ITaly are you from?
A little bit? Yeah,
I've been to ITaly before twice now, but I'm only exports sort of like the Tuscany here. Like, like a
Tuscany. So I haven't really been to Melanie yet. I'm not super into fashion and want like, like sort of like a fashion capital. Right?
I think it's, it's interesting. I don't know if you would say it's similar, but I was in Spain for a couple weeks, lost somewhere and then finishing like both in like Spain and ITaly it was very like a lot, not necessarily like ties to the country as a whole, but kind of like your geographical region where you're from. I thought that was really interesting. Like closer ties and I feel like states here like they were tied like really connected to like your, where like sort of like the territory you come from. I thought that was really interesting.
Yeah. I don't feel like like I guess if you took someone from like texas and then compare them a song from like, you know maybe like L. A. Or like a really popular area. There definitely be like a lot of some like, you know, lifestyle differences. But as a whole, I don't feel like there's quite as many distinctions between areas like pretty sort of a melting pot. Mhm.
This is
okay. Yeah. We say like Arkin's
the world. Our canton. Yeah.
You know.
No,
no. I mean the only thing like I think the accent is a little bit different between like I guess especially like Oklahoma is probably pretty similar but texas is a little little more country than where I'm from. But
I mean you just sound more midwestern than maybe southern, like I don't think I don't really have a southern accent use more midwestern, anything else I think. But
if
you're
yeah, I didn't, I thought you were european, but
I
wasn't,
well your pronunciation is like perfectly, so nothing like a drawing pronunciation. I actually thought I thought you might have been spanish. I thought you might. Yeah, I wasn't sure
exactly where, but that's why I narrowed it out. I didn't think italian though, but I have less experience than italian accent, so maybe that's it.
Um So I went, I was there last summer just for like a weekend and then the year before I was there for about five
days. Yeah, so I
was,
yeah. Yeah, so I was staying in spain with a host family for the summer and then the eastern friends went to room for the weekend.
Um Not yet. Yeah, so like I think like the total amount of time I spent in Italy as a whole has been like seven days, so like not nearly enough light to see really any big chunk of the country, so I want to see like a very very small part of it, so I'd like to see more just because it's so different understanding different cities and stuff like that. Um But I don't know if I'll be going back any time soon, everything going on, but I like to.
you travel a lot into like, so like your e citizen, do you travel a lot within the Eu or do you mostly stay in sort of like the Italy was it before? Like Switzerland, like that sort of area or?
So uh one of the places I want to go to Next is like Canada, I just feel like they're like our northern neighbors. I feel like I should go there before I go back to europe. I'm like, I should visit what's already in on my continent before I leave the continent.
Um definitely not anywhere super hot. I'm not very, I
think, yeah. What? Uh
yeah, I live like the very north park. So it isn't like excruciating. But I don't think my body is meant for extreme temperatures. Uh I am not, yeah, not I'm ill suited for that. So I like the mountains. Um I like the beach too. But I do like more a little more adventurous vacations. So I like, I do like going to cities as well. It kind of depends on who I'm with.
Yeah. So if you look at like south of like little rock, which is the capital city is what we call like the Delta and it's super low flat land and that's pretty hot. And they use it for agriculture.
Yeah. I've been to Oklahoma couple times. I've been to Tulsa quite a few times. I've been like, they have like glass blowing there that have been gospel only a couple of times there, which is pretty
fun. Yeah. So that he can like, like they have to help you obviously because you know, you don't know how to do it yourself, but you get to like, we made like little pumpkins one time and yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Until some.
Yeah. I think it's associated with like a school there with one the colleges. I think a lot of the college students go through that program there, but they also have like workshops where you can like hoppin on and do different projects with them. I
mean,
no, I've only been I think three times, I don't see them around here, so I made But yeah, a couple. I don't know if you there even really glass blowing, but it's like melted glass and he did accept it.
We have, have you been to Arkansas?
Yeah.
Mhm. Well I live in mental which is like um the home office of walmart, so we have like this big american, yeah, called Crystal bridges and they have this huge exhibit of like outdoor, like glass. So there's like all these like glass sculptures outside and they're actually pretty crazy like how intricate they can get without like the thing just completely collapsing in on itself. So if you ever been to Bill, I was just going out to Crystal bridges. Yeah.
Yeah, so it's for Arkansas, it's actually pretty culturally diverse because they do bring in a lot of people around the world and the country to come work here for them specifically. And a lot of companies have like representatives here to deal with walmart. Okay. Yeah.
I like where I live a lot. Um I love living eventual, I wouldn't live anywhere else in Arkansas per se, but I do love like the city that I live in.
I
cannot see.
Yeah, I can see myself living somewhere else. Um pretty easily. I'm not sure exactly where that is yet. I'm pretty flexible, but I don't imagine I'll stay here forever. Even though I do think it's a great place to live. What about you think you see yourself living in Oklahoma city for a long time?
Absolutely. I understand there was a few universities in England I was looking at, but I'm just going to hear back about like the financials I really would like to go to for free. So I wanted to see where if I can go for free and then decide from there. Yeah,
that's a um if I do their way too distant for me to claim as my own. Yeah, I think my mom 1/4 german, but that's not nearly enough to claim german and I don't
even speak german.
some of them were, yeah my mom's, my mom's 1/4 german so I'm like 1/8 german. So I think it's mostly irish but I don't, I don't really know, I haven't been back interested in finding us kind of just a hodgepodge of european ancestry. What about you? Can you, can you trace your family history back pretty far since a lot of you guys that stay in the same area? Yeah.
Yeah. There wasn't a massive italian immigration
to Oklahoma.
Yeah. No, I can definitely see the strong italian influence on Oklahoma. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean you're centrally located, but it also means you have driver really far away to get to like the big stuff, you know, like if you're going to go like you're equally as far from L. A. As new york, but like that's a lot of driving in between,
I guess that kind depends on the budget for the vacation. So if it's, it's just like, you know, not out of the country budget then um, I don't know, we usually we go to florida quite a bit. I have younger brothers. So we like to go to Disney World, so we like to go to florida for Disney world. Um, but we've been Chicago before and I really like Chicago. I'd like to eventually make it out to Yellowstone is in the national parks out there. But I don't I've been to Los Angeles before. I did not particularly like Los Angeles, so I don't imagine I'll probably go back any time soon, but I would like to go more to northern Cali.
Yeah, I think we were like on that like the boardwalk where they have all like the stars in the sidewalk uh across the street there actually were like in the midst of like a movie premiere for one of tim Burton's movies. So like you're having like all these like people walking the red carpet and like all these stars in the ground. But then like you also have like all the people that are very under the influence of drugs and like homeless. So those are very
Yeah, it was very dualistic. Like it was hard to reconcile that both these things are happening at the same time, but they only show you the good parts of it. So
I don't know why when I don't see the appeal living there, but maybe if I lived there I would, but I don't see it from an outside point looking in, I don't see the appeal living in Los Angeles.
Uh we've done both and that a deal the positive of driving is like you don't have to rent a car when you're there and then the positive flying, it's gonna drive 15 hours, but we've done both before. It kind of depends on how many, like five miles we have racked up.
I bet you have tons of miles like that you collected
from driving back and forth.
Yes. Or hey don't if they do those, like you can get a magazine subscription, I'm like, I'm not redeeming about my magazine description that I don't care about. Okay.
I think we need to switch airlines if all your miles are expiring, I think you need to switch your loyalty.
Mhm Yeah. Did you? So when you always wondered so like if you moved back to Italy, could you bring like any pets you had with you?
I was talking to someone from new Zealand yesterday, he was here up to the US for like a year and they just go back to new Zealand and you can't have any snakes in new Zealand because they don't aren't natural animals there and if it's someone like releases their pet snake that can destroy their bird population, so he wanted a pet snake, but he couldn't take a sneak back to New Zealand, so I was like you probably shouldn't get make.
I think I know in in florida is a huge problem. People release their like ball python and like snake. Yeah, so snakes will grow to the size of the environment, so like they'll never stop growing if they have an unlimited supply source the food. So people release their snakes to this like super warm climate and it's kind of gone the populations like really grown. So the government, the local government will pay people to go out and like kill these snakes so they try to get a handle like the population because they're like eating a lot of the local animal groups.
No, I I had a pet snake growing up. So I do like snakes and I call on my back yard the other day and we relocated to safe new home. But I don't know, I don't think I could I understand that they should be there. But I also would feel bad if I just went up to it and chopped its head off. You know I think I feel a little guilty over it.
No. Yeah I had I was like nine and like have you read charlotte's web? Yeah so in the book charlotte eats bugs and my snake was really small and only cricket. So I called her charlotte appreciate bugs and charlotte spider a bugs and it made sense to nine year old be a lot. So her name was
charlotte
and she was green and I really liked her a lot. I held her all the time, she seemed pretty comfortable with me so.
Well I think she was pretty old when we got her. It's hard to tell for sure. I think her campus snake could live to nine years, but I only had her for like three or four before she passed away. But my mom, I live you know during the school year, I live at school and right now I'm living back with my parents uh when I'm not at school, but I can't take a snake with me to school and I can't leave a snake
here. So uh I have no plans ever to get a snake in the next two years.
Oh yeah, no I saw my mom wants to sign up to, I think she likes I've been doing it for a couple of years now and this is not like the first competition I've had, so I guess uh they're kind of used to it now, so. Mhm.
But Yeah, but I think
she's want to sign up as well, but I think they're fun. Yeah, I
think
there
Always is interesting to see what other people are like researching. And I like to see what's like the farthest university that I can get into. Like, like something like um from like Australia or like, you know, England or something. So I'm always interested in seeing how far I can get on a university study. What's the farthest place I can contribute in.
I think I started in my freshman year of college, I think right when after I turned 18, I kind of found it. Um So you know, they're they're pretty much the same. I think a lot of them have been covid related obviously because
that's kind of a unique time to do research. So most of them have been like, pertained to like sort the pandemic and current, like what's your financial status and your emotional status and stuff like that, but before there's kind of all over the board, so I kinda enjoyed those more. Yeah.
Like in a year or like since I've started. Yeah.
Uh Well, I've known since I've started four years ago, I've made both in euro, so it does kind of vary it, but um over 500 I think, and probably closer to six. So over $100 a year. So not like a ton, but I like to do when I watch tv. So. Yeah.
Well my yeah, my clock has been like off so only says nine, but it has been 36
minutes.
Yeah. I don't know why it delayed, but it only says nice, but it's 11 36. Mhm.
I'm talking
to you too.
It was fun. I've been waiting at the last people I've been paired with haven't showed up. So I was I was glad to finally finish having someone showed up.
we'll have a great night. Was great talking to you half
much
classes.
Thanks. Bye.