mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, we got one. Mhm. Those are some of the places wise interpreted as well as an opportunity. Okay.
Yes. Hi, can you hear me?
Good? How are you doing?
Yeah. You know, I when I set up the times, I just push them all the way to midnight, but never happened to actually find somebody that wants to chat at that time.
Well, uh it's not the same for me. I usually am, you know, looking at news and watching Youtube and later than I should. So just something different
central.
So yeah, I'm actually in Oklahoma. So
So last time I did this, I actually got matched with another person from the city next to Oklahoma City. So we were just chatting over, you know, not too far from each other.
Right right. So you've done this multiple times?
Oh you're maxed out. Yeah. No more no more video chatted for you but it's a
pretty
good
deal.
Did you ever get somebody? Really really strange? That's my biggest concern at times.
Yeah I guess in the in this times with pandemic and everything you know everybody's trying to scrape up as much as they can.
huh.
Are
you
So
go ahead.
I'm I'm a teacher so sometimes I um can stay home but other times I can so
it's
just
university search.
you
go to a university of Arkansas?
Great.
What are you studying?
I
I do science and math. Yeah
I do a lot of different biology's so intro to biology, physiology, theology as some kind of like uh more geared towards engineering biology students and uh some some math you know college algebra to some calculus.
Okay so are you sophomore I guess?
you're
senior now?
So you're doing a business in Nikon and then you're going to graduate school?
so I guess you get a masters or PhD in economics, What are you shooting for?
Do you do you know what kitchen economics uh what kind of job opportunity that gives you have no idea. Do you want to teach her? Is there like career path with a PhD in economics?
So
maybe
I can learn something, what does uh an economic person do? Like
job? What would be their responsibilities?
do you have to like make make a thesis and do like a research for your graduate school?
Yeah I mean I completely understand, you know after I finished my Bachelor I went into a PhD and you know I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I got my PhD in physiology but my bachelor degree was in a medical engineering so I had all this uh mathematics and engineering background and then I was catapulted in the world of biology so there was that was like a nice shock but
Yeah. Yeah it's a in in medical sciences, they they have this kind of accelerated programs that after you graduate, they they send you to school for five more years and then you get your PhD from there. So it's kind of like a master to PhD together five years.
No you know after four years of engineering school I you know I was very humbled so I was not terribly intimidated. I just I just knew that I could probably you know just suffer through it. Like I suffered through engineering school. I thought a little bit of a masochistic some people would say
I had to switch the institution that I went for. My undergraduate, didn't have a graduate program and uh the institute that I went to offered a statement. So they made the, made a decision very easy because I got accepted in a couple of different colleges. One of them was a Cornell. So I felt very happy because it was kind of a you know, I felt honored to be accepted there but they wanted 60,000 year for tuition and that included a 50% stipend and scholarship and still there was you know, a little bit out of reach. So I just uh moved to Oklahoma City and that's where I have been this whole time.
No,
well, you know, some profession is just uh given that you will have to do that, you know, if you go for MD, then those kids come out of college with 200,000 in that, but I guess the step and makes up for it, but I don't think my career path with would be the same pay scale.
Is your family also in Arkansas? You're close by?
I just realized that sometimes uh americans tend to move a lot, like they're
born in one state and they go to school in other states and then they end up working at the state. I don't know if you could tell them, I'm not american, I'm originally from uh from ITaly, so I I moved over here when I started my undergraduate and I've been near over ever since and I thought that I was moving a lot, but when I talked to people uh you know, hardly anybody stays in the same place for a long period of time.
Uh Milan is where my family is, but I was born in Sicily, I don't know if you're familiar with the geography there a little bit,
have you been there?
huh.
Yeah, that's that's a staple that he gets, but you know from a touristic perspective, I guess that's what it is, but um for somebody that lives there, Milan is kind of just a city in a region that has more opportunity, so my family's from Sicily and they moved when I was a kid to to the region around Milan just because there were more jobs there, you know for for Italians is not the fashion that drives them to Milan unless you are in the fashion business but you know my my parents were not just just found jobs there and that was convenient.
yeah. Yeah. If you think about the history of europe you know we have centuries of history and those countries were built when you would be born, raised, lived and died in the same little village, you know it wasn't a completely globalized world the way that it is now. So traditions even within the same country are very different in each regions which makes it very interesting too. To tour you can you can really see a lot of different things in different places and different experiences within a relatively short distance in the United States, especially in the southwest. I feel like you can drive for days and still be you know within the same cultural, you know atmosphere.
Exactly. But you know, especially you know if I look at an Oklahoma and a Texan and maybe an Arkansas consonant.
How do you say? Uh
What
Kind of night. But anyway, I feel like there's not like huge differences in uh you know
in people but maybe maybe you have a different perspective since you're from here. I kind of an outsider
point of view.
How is my uncle um accent?
Would you would
you
have guessed that I was from somewhere else by Maxon?
I mean no
offense
you can tell me anything. But I'm just curious because you know, I I've clearly tried to work on my pronunciation. I'm just curious if somebody, you know not knowing me, you know, you obviously don't know me well if I didn't tell you where it was from, where would you believe I was from
I see that.
So how long ago did you go to Italy
weekend?
I
guess it was part of a bigger tour? Right.
Mhm. Did you ever make a dedicated trip to spend some time in ITaly or not yet?
Yeah. Yes. Yes, now it's complicated, you know, I was supposed to go back in the summer, clearly that didn't happen and that is, you know, of course I missed my country so I tend to go back every summer, that is my way to kind of recharge my batteries and reconnect with my, you know heritage and I didn't get to do it this year, so I'm a little bit bummed out by that. Yeah.
Yeah, actually Milan is only 30 minutes away from Switzerland and um you can just hop in the car and you can spend an afternoon in a swiss mountain if you wanted to. So we did that sometimes and you can, you can get very cheap slides. I don't know if you travel by train or if you travel by plane, uh they have this very low budget air companies kind of like Ryanair and jet hair and this very affordable planes. You can, you know go to London for like say you know $50 per person. It's very very affordable. So it's it's not uncommon for people to decide to spend a couple of days in a different country and uh I've done that a couple of times, not not as much as I would want, I wanted to because you know, I moved here when I went to college, so my my time back in europe uh was always limited. So I tend to spend most of the with my family instead of traveling when I go there.
Well what is your favorite uh landscape? Are you, are you do enjoy the mountains for you enjoying the beach? What is your dream? I don't know occasion place.
is pretty
Is Arkansas hot?
So I'm a little bit ignorant on american geography, but I pulled up a map, so I guess the north part of Arkansas, it's kind of the same latitude as uh Oklahoma city. Right.
Mhm. Yeah. Have you ever been to Oklahoma
glass
In Tulsa,
that's awesome. You know in in Italy glass blowing, It's it's a big deal, especially in the venice area, they really specialist on glass manufacturing. I didn't know that they actually, the glass blowing in here. I thought that most of the stuff is you know produced in gigantic factories, there is not a whole lot of uh artisanal production.
So do
you have a lot of glass trinkets that you made yourself?
Yeah. When I went to, when I went to venice I saw the actual glass blowers and it was very fascinating how they have this you know burning mass of silica and then they put it in some powder and by the way this fairly in the temperature then it gets those colors in those patterns. It's certainly it's really incredible you know how people came up with that. You know
I've been wanting to go I I I had a look at the map I've been eyeing in the past the national forests. I really like to go to a natural
national parks and I see that the Ozark and over sheet forests are pretty close to Oklahoma and I was thinking about driving there but I haven't. Maybe I can ask for your recommendations.
didn't know the walmart main office were there?
So you like you like your state?
Do you see yourself living there forever or do you plan on moving somewhere else for? I don't know, job
family,
I don't know.
Well Oklahoma city was kind of uh you know fortuitous uh coincidence because I told you I applied for this uh PhD programs and that's where I ended up getting the better deal. Um The PhD program that I got in here actually paid for me to go there and it was like a full ride and stipend. So financially made, I made a lot of sense. And then the university here hired me right after my PhD. So it's been it's been very very good for me in that sense. I'm not bound to the state forever. If if an opportunity where to come to go somewhere else. I I would like that. You know my my soul is a european so I enjoyed the Wild west but it's not you know it's not in my blood.
know that if you're european citizen there is a lot of uh but a financial help that they they wouldn't give you. But as an american I'm not sure. Do you have any european relatives?
So
that does your roots, your um your ancestors were from Germany.
Yeah. I know you know my parents and the parents are my parents and you know you can really go far back and Yeah like I said, people didn't move a lot back then. So the, the house where my grandma lived is the house where my great grandma lived and so on, so forth. No, if people moved, they moved very little from one village to the next, you know, you may be married the um the person in the next door village, so you maybe moved that far and in Italy it wasn't very common to move. The biggest immigrations happened during the worst. A lot of Italians immigrated to America and they mostly settled in the new york New Jersey areas. Nobody has settled in Oklahoma. I think I'm the only time
if
yeah, I wonder why there is so much, you know, prayer here for space.
yeah. You know, back in the days I was spending more time wondering, you know, what am I doing here now? I just, I guess I've been here for 10 years. I I become more involved with my job. So it's just a just a place where work. It's a it's still far. I wish I could be closer. It's very very long flights to get back to europe. There is no direct flight you have to upon to three different planes not to mention now you know there is absolutely no way to travel. So it's a little bit secluded but they gave me the opportunity to travel by car. We went to visit Colorado, we were in New Mexico and you know I do like that you know the central location interior allows you to explore many directions but your country just so big you could drive for days.
Yeah. So you know we're basically neighbors were when you want to get out of your for occasion to go somewhere fun. Where do you find yourself going the most?
Yes when I when I went to Los Angeles it was a very different picture that I you know those portrayed to me by the movies and all the pr that hello gats. It was a very very different city.
there and the conscious is very sharp. They're basically next to each other. Yes.
of course. Yes.
Do you do go buy cars to florida or two usually fly?
Uh huh. That's nice,
surprisingly
not because you know it's a lot of miles but the flight it's expensive you know and I just do it once a year so I will have this uh nice amount of miles for one year and then you know after so many months they expired so I was actually never able to accumulate any any good amount of miles that would amount to any kind of uh compensation. It's always like hey if you give me all your miles you can get, I don't know a luggage tag.
Right. That's what I paid $2000 for this flight, I could get magazine.
Uh You know my loyalty is usually to the cheapest flight. So if you know this series United and next year is uh Lufthansa or american. I find that if I just find that you just fly it, you know you can save a lot more than that. You can gain out of uh membership at least for the frequency that I fly that might change in the future, who knows? But I haven't found a whole lot of value from doing this um memberships yet.
No, I mean you could share, willing to pay a fool ticket for them as well and you know that's about $1500 per particular, so.
Yeah that happened already in Australia I guess when they introduced the I was the dogs they introduced back in the yeah you know 18 hundreds and they basically exterminated a lot of the native uh flightless birds populations and there was a big big hopes.
now you're talking from experience, do you find yourself a snake hunting in florida for the summer?
It's uh I think it's a little bit uncommon, I don't think I've ever met a girl that enjoys the snakes, It's always a very very strong opinion on the on the opposite side.
that's
cute.
Do you still have her I guess I don't even know longer snake lived?
The
just out of curiosity, what do your parents feel about prolific, like you're talking to strangers for money on the internet?
that's cool.
But
I
I enjoy
I enjoy doing it. It's a, you know, some of the studies are very interesting, some of them, you know they're not but most of the time it's it's kind of a fun hobby for me.
I guess for me I just started doing it uh this year, you know with the extra time that I had from the pandemic. So starting in february March, but I've had a lot of fun. Did the platform change a lot over the past years? Have you been here for four years, couple of years?
We know.
you don't have to answer this if you don't want to. I'm just curious out of all year, how much are you able to to earn doing politic stuff on average?
Yeah. Per year, like just average here?
Mhm. Sounds good. So, I guess we've done pretty good. It's it's been 36 minutes.
This
is nine.
Well, I guess uh it was very nice talking to you
and
I'm sorry. This is your last opportunity uh offered to let you do it again.
Yes, you did it. Mhm.
It's the
same.
Yes. And good luck on your career after graduation.