SPEAKER_L: shoes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mm hmm. Yeah. Cool. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah, I have both. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Mhm. I can yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Yeah. Cool. Take so sure. Okay. Sure. Uh huh. Mhm. Shit. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I am and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello, How are you? Hi.
SPEAKER_L: you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can hear me okay,
SPEAKER_L: Cool. How's it going? Right?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. Where you calling in from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in California. How
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm I'm just uh just north of san Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: Um just south of san Francisco, how about that we give to each other of the Golden gate bridge. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's the closest person I've had to talk to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same. They've all been on the East Coast for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well I think I had someone in Oklahoma. I don't know if that's that's like midwest right flyover country. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I guess yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You have another call?
SPEAKER_R: Um Just someone on the background sorry, end in a second. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I think this is they said you can do four of these and then they want you to stop so cuba number four so thanks for showing up. Uh what's what's your name
SPEAKER_R: I'm Ryan.
SPEAKER_L: listening brian? Like with our
SPEAKER_R: R R. Y A N.
SPEAKER_L: got it in charlotte with a C.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you charlotte.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, very nice to meet you. Yeah. So what
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: made you, have you been with prolific long or
SPEAKER_R: Since
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: um since like april I think
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I'm wearing my san Francisco marathon half marathon shirts. Yes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been doing um he lives in san Francisco alright. Since april sorry san Francisco is my name since about april and then I think this is my fourth one of these interviews as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have no idea what they do
SPEAKER_R: Experiences.
SPEAKER_L: with this. Actually, the guy I spoke with yesterday, he had actually gone on the website and looked up their website and their research to try and figure out what are they trying to get from these conversations? Like, have you thought about that at all?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit. I've okay. I does seem odd but I've wondered, I think because I asked because you know before they have the screeners and how you feel and afterwards how you feel and then like if there's any point, the conversation you feel like you want to leave or whatever. I think it's research on like psychological cues on conversation or something like that. All right.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, what you think because yeah, that's right from memory, because they say like, at what minute did you want to and are they going to go back into the conversation and look at what happened at that minute? Because I mean, I don't know, I think well I pretty much just said you know like towards the end I think we were ready to wrap up and move on and go about our days. Uh That's Yeah I know because it doesn't also ask you like how are you feeling now before the conversation like energized or whatever and then how you feel after. Yeah. So what this guy said Matthew that was his name. Matthew he said that you know he's found on their website that it was about are you planning to become a ceo do you want to take the next step into executive leadership? And so his supposition, was it something to do with executive training? You know how to get a good communication style with people, how to establish report or something? Uh I don't know, I can't see how this would really
SPEAKER_R: Sister.
SPEAKER_L: relate to ceos talking to each other, but I don't know. Are you a ceo
SPEAKER_R: huh. I am not
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: maybe that's funny that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it might be like communication with like employees because that's a big if you to run a company to communicate well and maybe they're trying to pick up. But even then it seems like this is a weird kind of roundabout way of doing it, but
SPEAKER_L: I mean I have no idea how they would analyze the conversation should have like, like just a physical person watching it. You know, I don't know if they have some kind of A I techniques which I don't know, analyzes pauses in the conversation or fish. I mean, yeah, I don't know because
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: you know, they also asked like what did you think of the person? I'm like, I wonder I wonder it's a bit like
SPEAKER_R: says
SPEAKER_L: Tinder.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, do I ever get to find out what the other person thought about me, jeez. Um
SPEAKER_R: I have I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: one thing I have sort of thought about is because afterwards I ask you like how like how friendly or how conversational they were basically and always thought, well no one's going to do this unless there's someone who like is fine with like talking to random people and being conversational and it's like because no one, because I feel like if you don't like talking to like new people, you wouldn't be doing this uh at all. So I feel like all the answers are probably the same. At least all the people I've got kind of like similar as far as friendliness and conversationalists and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I would. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I think so. I mean sometimes
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: I think with
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: one person I felt like I had to kind of keep moving the conversation along. Like they didn't have anything. You know, like if you got your pause, it was always me that said, okay, so what's your favorite food
SPEAKER_R: sister.
SPEAKER_L: or something like that? But yeah, I think you're right. And of course you've got to be comfortable with being recorded and you know, you know, I mean, I presume this is not going to end up on Tiktok or something. It's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: sir?
SPEAKER_L: look at these strangers trying to have a conversation and uh, worst first date ever or something. I don't know. Um, yeah, Well, I don't know how's your, how's your day been going in the same time zone? So I just had my lunch so I'm feeling okay.
SPEAKER_R: I just finished lunch for a while ago.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been going good. Um still quarantined, pretty much so. Nothing to new. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I do feel like kind of the go to conversation for most of the talks was like, well how is it in your state, house locked in your state? Whereas we're like kind of the same, so
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I just think it's sort of personally feels like, and I hate to use the term, but like the invisible enemy because like we know it's there but like I don't know anyone who's really had it. I know a couple of like
SPEAKER_R: In place.
SPEAKER_L: friends, all the relatives who have passed away. I mean they were sick anyway and it turned up, you know, they tested positive and whatnot. But you know, I don't know anyone even of my generation, let alone yours. Uh, that's been, you know, personally even tested positive. So I don't know this very low number of cases in my town and all that. But like I absolutely take it seriously
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and all that.
SPEAKER_R: knew one person that I have, one friend of mine who got it and he was young. He was fine after, I believe, I think after two weeks symptoms went away after two weeks and then he waited another week or two and the doctors cleared him and no longer contagious. So
SPEAKER_L: Well let's go
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so he was fine. But
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I kind of, I made a joke with him. I'm like, well, since you already had it,
SPEAKER_L: Covid
SPEAKER_R: we should hang out sometime
SPEAKER_L: party.
SPEAKER_R: because like, because I'm not worried about you giving it to me and I'm not worried about me giving it to you, so we should hang out, but we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I mean, but seriously, I can actually see this whole idea. You know, they talk about like immunity passports. Like if they actually develop a real immunity like an anybody test, you know, they could say, hey, you're good to travel, you can do whatever and hey the rest of you used to get to stay inside and you know, i it would be a lot of social aspects to that.
SPEAKER_R: I think they kind of do because I know like there's been a lot of studies like USC is on a bunch where they've done a much antibody tests on people. But I think you have to be like, I don't think you can just like, if you want to get tested, I think you have to be chosen because I don't think you can just like, I don't think it's as easy as getting a covid test, the antibody test. I think it's harder to get.
SPEAKER_L: Well I think and I think it costs more money and so I was I see a doctor just kind of something else and she was saying that so she's associated with stanford right? And she said, I mean they all get like anybody tests as well as regular covert tests. And she said there because this whole thing about what's the herd immunity And she said it was something like less than 1% like maybe even .1% or something like that of all the Stanford medical people who got tested had the antibodies. Now that could be that the test isn't very good and it, you know, has false negatives and whatnot. But only could also mean that they also being doctors. They're super careful right there there you know peeping up and everything as they take care of all their patients. But it was interesting how non widespread it was in a population that expect has had shitloads of exposure. Right. So I don't know. And anyway she said but the commercially available tests aren't that
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: sensitive
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: there's a
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: out,
SPEAKER_L: of false positives and false negatives. So it's not and I have no reason to believe that I've had I haven't had a really
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: more than a sneeze. Yeah. But we always joke. Right as soon as your coffee covid cough cough you know shouldn't I know it's not a joke.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I do wonder if like a lot of people like kind of in like february, maybe early March before it went like big, maybe a lot of people like had, they thought I just had the flu or a cold. But because I was like I was sick in january with like a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: normal flu, like at a fever and cough and everything. But over after a week I was fine. So I just said there's no more flu, which I assume it was because I have no reason to think otherwise, but it could have easily been covid I just assumed it was the flu, but who knows.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly and I mean I think they're saying even they don't even know how long the anybody stay. Right and how long, you know, I mean if you got tested now, if anybody's you may or
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: may not show up and it doesn't necessarily mean you didn't have it, but uh so that was actually I just read this quick article by Bill Gates and he was saying, look, you know, there's there's a reasonable they
SPEAKER_R: infection.
SPEAKER_L: may have some kind of vaccine out before the end of the year, right? But it's likely to be a pretty course one, you know, like maybe only give like some immunity which is better than nothing for sure and you know, for people who are at risk and you know, essential workers and all of that. Um But yeah, he thought the chances of having a really, you know, even as effective as the flu vaccine is Before like, but he said, Look, you know, he really believes that within 12 months it's going
SPEAKER_R: Something.
SPEAKER_L: to be effective enough that will be through so called through this. So maybe there is some light at the end of the tunnel.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I know um the Russian government claims that they have a vaccine. So, and I don't I don't know if I would take it right now if I trust it, but I hope it works because then eventually it will it will eventually reach here if it works and it's safe. So there is that light at the end of the tunnel like you mentioned. So and I mean since it spread so fast a lot of people who already had it won't need the vaccine right? At least not right away. So it will be interesting to see how this works out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'll say I mean they still say like
SPEAKER_R: Seven
SPEAKER_L: the U. S. Is just trying
SPEAKER_R: supply.
SPEAKER_L: to buy buy it all and not leave anything for anybody else. So. No that doesn't sound like the America. I know I shouldn't joke. I am a citizen just says you know but from Australia originally so I get to be snarky about both countries I guess.
SPEAKER_R: So so
SPEAKER_L: But um yes so are you working or studying like I mean I know for us my company they just said we're working at home till july next year it
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: I'm a student
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: my semester starts September six so I have time
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: off right now and it's going all online but
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: going to it was going to be anyway it was it was going to be hybrid. I was going to be one day in class one day from home zooming and then I guess with Kobe there's just both days are over zoom. So it's not it's nothing too crazy for the least for them. But then working at work part time I do data entry and then for that that's been um life is normal. It's for a tax accounting business which is labelled as an essential service and everyone else is from home. So I'm like by myself in the office so
SPEAKER_L: Oh so you go into the office but it's it's like a
SPEAKER_R: I'm like by myself there so I'm okay. But.
SPEAKER_L: well that's that's good. Yeah, we're not working a pretty big office like with hundreds of people and they actually, they hadn't ever given
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: us a plan to reopen the
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: South
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Bay office but they talked about reopening the north Carolina office supposed to open after fourth of july. But then you know north Carolina they spiked so that you know, I think they've got maybe some of the smaller ones in colorado like you know where they can have a bit more control over who's coming in and out. You know, they just, I'm sure they just don't want the liability right if someone showing up being sick and then it's spreading and you
SPEAKER_R: To
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: be true.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure they just don't want the hassle of it. So, yep
SPEAKER_R: definitely. But
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: I know a lot of you know I have one friend that had moved to spain like five years ago and he was planning to move back like anyway like he just had this time but he was like well there's no one else in the flight because you can still fly here. It's just a problem going there is there's no one else in the plane it's him and like three other people so they're spread out and then he's he
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: was able to go straight to his apartment here to quarantine so we didn't see anyone, he went straight there, he's quarantining in his apartment for two weeks just
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: good for
SPEAKER_R: groceries
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: delivered so he's kind of figured it out so hopefully he'll be fine. But I guess some people can still travel a little bit but quarantine,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I think you can, I mean, I know for me personally just like my
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: dad's
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: in the UK and he's, you know older and it's like, hey, you know what I mean, chances are going to be able to get there and if I want to go back to Australia, Australia is like almost the worst country to get back to because they know it's an enforced quarantine in a hotel. Like they literally shut you in a hotel room and you and you have to pay for it, like for
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: the first three or four months it was free and people were staying in these nice hotels and all that and then they said, well you had your chance to get back to the homeland. You know, now there's like $2000 a person to, you know, eat hotel food for two weeks, so it's like to go back for a holiday and vacation or whatever, I mean you're not going to if you write off two weeks just sitting in a hotel room, so and like I said if even there was a family emergency, well
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: you said
SPEAKER_R: question
SPEAKER_L: for two weeks
SPEAKER_R: is related,
SPEAKER_L: and then hey, maybe it's all
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: over by the end
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: of the two weeks, so it's just sort of think, wow, you know, I really like traveling and I mean it's still a festival problems, right? But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: these sort of long term, you know what's gonna happen, I'm glad your friend was able to get back. Yeah, I mean, similar, we had some friends who have been in ITaly for a few years and yeah, they
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't know what they just said, yeah, we're back, so,
SPEAKER_R: Sister.
SPEAKER_L: you know um yeah, I don't know about sitting on a plane for um 12 hours in a mask, it's got a kind of suck
SPEAKER_R: I do think we're kind of, I mean it's kind of a double edged sword but I sort of feel like we're kind of fortunate that it feels like the quarantine it turned out for us, but it's not been too strict, like I've still been able to go into always feeling at work. I've still been able to go to like walk around my neighborhood and and you go for walks and runs and stuff and go to grocery stores. Whereas like there's some countries where it's like you can't be outside your house or it's very much more contained within the other side. There are those people that like, I believe it's a hoax or whatever and just walk around like normal and no mask and anything, but it's a little bit a double edged sword. But it seems like I feel I I sort of would rather be in this situation.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, I mean, I think we are super lucky living where we are and we've got a great climate, you can, you know, you, I mean even during like, you know, once if it gets back to like december or whatever, I mean, you know, it's still going to go outside, right, and I have like nice parks and trails and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: whatnot, so uh yeah, I don't feel, I mean, I must say I didn't, I hated grocery shopping for the first couple of months like because is, I mean people were nuts right anyway, and the stores are really crowded, all the panic buying
SPEAKER_R: it's almost
SPEAKER_L: and you just felt like everyone who even coughed is just like spreading germs and now it just feels I mean you wear a mask but it doesn't seem that different, you know? But we'll see what happens when winter comes. I mean I think the only data point that I thought was interesting is that again, I'm keeping track of what's happening Australia and they said the flu season was pretty much a non event. Like there was such a low infection rate of people getting flu this winter and they put that down to hey everyone's washing their hands social just, you know, I mean that's the normal things that you probably could do every year but nobody really does. And now we've just all kind of learned hey, you know, maybe you shouldn't be touching your face and spreading germs so you know. Yeah. Maybe
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: our habits will protect us a bit better this winter.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was sort of hoping that maybe like because of this, because now we're used to like bring hand sanitizer with us and if we're sick, we don't stay home. Usually we wear a mask. I wonder if this will kind of carry over to future years where there isn't covid that people will still like, okay, it's flu season, I'll use hand sanitizer a lot and uh if I have symptoms, I'll get checked in or even like um yeah, just stuff like that, I know in like some other countries, like a lot of Asian countries, it's it's common that people wear masks anyway when they're sick or people don't really seem to do that here, but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: maybe, maybe that's uh maybe that'll catch on and maybe future years, that will be a thing, it's more common just for less serious illnesses too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so. Yeah. As a supposed to us just having such short memories they'll be like ah
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well I mean honestly I can't even remember and I'm you know I'm old enough to well remember any kind of stuck around H one N one like you know these are the swine flu and they all go these files that were like I don't know anybody who got it. I mean I can I do remember I went to a conference and there was a lot of hand sanitizer and you like weren't shaking hands but it was nothing like now and and this is this is different. But I'm just thinking so maybe
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: we really will just forget like in another few years I know time will tell. Uh
SPEAKER_R: definitely. We
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: will see.
SPEAKER_L: think the other thing that that I mean it's one thing for like university students and what not to do your classes online and I'm sure you're quite motivated and and all of that, even though it's sort of sad to miss out on the university life and you know, all that stuff, but it is much much harder on kids, right?
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: And actually this this guy I spoke to yesterday from florida, he was a teacher and he's going back next week and he's like, I'm scared shitless, I'm pretty young guy. And yeah, he said, look, I don't think it's going to last longer than a month. I think we'll be back online in a month because it's just going to be a shit show and that's kind of spread and and he says, but he hates teaching online. You know, he just he was doing it the last semester and he just said it really sucks, you know, he's teaching like middle school students and you
SPEAKER_R: soon.
SPEAKER_L: know, it's just just not gonna anyways.
SPEAKER_R: And it does seem like a lot of people like you know most people probably haven't been using zoom or zoom or Skype regularly like beforehand. Whereas now it's like you're using it for everything so you need to have to you have to learn it really well. So a lot of people, especially teachers may not be as used to using it now are happening to kind of learn how to use it really well. So it's a lot of like growing pains as we adapt.
SPEAKER_L: yep, yep, yep. Yeah. Well i is this one thing and then now I think, well, how are all the, like the dentist learning how to take teeth out? You know,
SPEAKER_R: Says
SPEAKER_L: it's like,
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: well, I'll just watch, watch, watch a youtube video on how to take out a tooth and then good your dentist, you know? Yeah, I mean it kind of sucks,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: right? It's, it's just a whole lot of um long term effects, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: do. Are you kind of wonder because there's a junior call I just recently transferred from a junior college I used to I used to go to and they said that this fall everything is online except for stuff that has to be in person. Like all their nursing programs like some of that so it's gonna be a person because like you have or like a dental assisting programs and then I know there's another community college a friend of mine is going to he was trying to come a fireman's he was doing um I guess the E. M. T. Or whatever the degree you have to get before that is. And they had to since it was all in person they ended up just canceling a semester and he has to restart next semester which
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: is a little unfortunate but it was only he just started so it wasn't like too far into it. But they said that since it's like important and they're going to keep
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: it open
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: throughout through covid social distancing and stuff because you have to you don't want your firemen doing everything learning everything online.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Well, and I mean, I guess there again, they are pretty well protected, right? With their masks and whatnot. So I don't know. Maybe they think it's good practice you have to sit in the classroom wearing your full fire gear as well, sucks to be you.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe, but I guess that's kind of what you sign up for anyway if you're like a fireman or a police officer or a doctor is you like you want to be on the front line of like to help people. So maybe it's like just like kind of part of a part for the road or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I and you know, there's a certain amount of higher pay for a lot of those, I can not all but a lot of those occupations, whereas you think about the poor person who stacks the shelves at Safeway and I don't know, I don't know if you ever read next door. I mean, I don't necessarily recommend it, but it's I call it how to find out which of your neighbors is a raging fascist racist, but you know, they're all like S R a person walking around without a mask and Safeway and why didn't they stop them? I'm like, Do you expect some poor 16 year old with a part time job, paid $7 an hour to confront some, you know, bozo and say, put your mask on. I mean, you know, it's just not fair to put that kind of responsibility on people. It's not who didn't sign up for that, right? And
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: which is why I just think, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: there's nobody
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: likes wearing a mask. You know, it's just like, but just suck it up, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: be a dick, you know,
SPEAKER_R: know. Um I saw one Youtube video where one doctor said mascot. Perfect. Because it could have some say over you may be over confident in how safe you are with a mask and maybe you don't pay attention to as much as touching your face or you don't, you touch where you touch the mask
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and contaminate it. But he's like, it's better than not worrying one and as long as you kind of remember you still have to do everything else. Even if it doesn't it's not going to harm you like you're not gonna unless it's not going to harm you so you might as well use it anyway.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: We just kind of brian on that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I have no patience for all these people. It's like, oh, it's you know, your breathing in your CO two and you're going to be oxygen a bribe. And I'm like, seriously? So, you know, if you have open heart surgery and the surgeon is, you know, who's, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Her
SPEAKER_L: and the nurses are all masked up and they're just passing
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: out,
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, right. You really believe that and they're wearing much more serious masks than your little t shirt over your, over your face. But yeah, again, it's it's, you know, just revealed that, you know, just people's attitudes and how they deal with other
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: color
SPEAKER_L: and generally
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: get on with society at large. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's almost become like almost a fashion statement a little bit because like I have some reusable ones that I wash and I had some just generic like white ones and I started getting one, I started getting someone like sports teams on it and stuff because I'm like it's maybe it's kind of a cool thing that kind of seeks. I've seen other people with like nine years ones or Warriors ones. This is kind of cool. I guess. This is almost like a new fashion sense. We kind of play around with,
SPEAKER_L: So have you been watching any of that? Like what do you think
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: of the
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: virtual
SPEAKER_R: get it.
SPEAKER_L: people, like the virtual crowds that they've got in?
SPEAKER_R: I like it more than I thought I would because I sort of like how, because I know for the NBA they've had like live streams of like real people that they put in the background. I guess I have monitors or something so you can just see like real reactions. But it is sort of odd whenever, especially in baseball, when you see a home run and there's no one in the stands anywhere. But I like it a little bit more than I thought I would and I'll take sports. I'll take this sports over. No sports.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's that's totally real. I mean, I wonder what the players, I have you read anything about what the players are thinking or are they just so focused on the game? They don't care whether there's
SPEAKER_R: I've heard a little bit, I know some of them have gotten in trouble because they've left quarantine and you can only leave. Like one player was allowed to leave to go to a funeral, so he was fine with other players like left to get because they wanted to go to some restaurant for food that wasn't approved. So they got suspended. So some players don't like it. But I know like a lot of like Lebron James, he wants to win a championship so he's all in. I'm not quarantined, but it seems like most of the players are fine with it because because they're getting paid a lot of money to do it. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Well, and I was also thinking specifically what they think of the on court field experience, you know with the
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: fake
SPEAKER_R: a good question.
SPEAKER_L: the crowd.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't I haven't seen them talk about it too much, but I imagine, I can't imagine, I imagine can be kind of weird because when you're in a game you have crowd cheering. I feel like there's some level of like adrenaline you have that you might not have with just regular.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So actually here is the thing, I mean because there's a lot of teams that have a lot of rivalry, like you think of the sharks and L. A. For example. I mean I'm not big on sports but hockey but you
SPEAKER_R: Back
SPEAKER_L: know, so I guess
SPEAKER_R: president.
SPEAKER_L: they don't have any booing, right? And this is
SPEAKER_R: That's that's
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: applause
SPEAKER_L: the virtual crowds. They only have cheering and no, no brewing. I don't know what it's like. Maybe maybe you can pay to have a boo inserted or something. They couldn't
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: make it up sponsorship.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you have a bunch of people donate money to it and they blew the game or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There you go. Or you know through
SPEAKER_R: That'd be funny.
SPEAKER_L: what is it that there's one team that they throw octopuses on the, what is that? There's some of these traditions where they throw dead octopuses onto the ice for some something I am, I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: not sure. I don't follow hockey too much, but sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah. Just these um, strange rituals. So uh well I would say my one my one regret about this and again, totally first world problems. If I know this is going to go on for so long, I would have liked fostered some kittens because you know, because you think, hey, we're in a perfect opportunity, right? Because your home and you can, or a puppy or whatever. You know, you can give them a lot of lot of training and love and all of that. We didn't. So yeah. Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No, I don't know pets, but yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Alrighty,
SPEAKER_R: Well, uh I think we're at the 25 minute mark, but it was nice talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: Well stay safe and good luck
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: with your
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: studies and all that.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Have a good rest of your day
SPEAKER_L: Bye.