Hello, How are you? Hi.
Yeah, I can hear me okay,
pretty good. Where you calling in from?
me
too.
I'm I'm just uh just north of san Francisco.
Yeah.
Yeah, same. They've all been on the East Coast for me.
I guess yeah.
Um Just someone on the background sorry, end in a second. Um
Yeah
I'm Ryan.
R R. Y A N.
to meet you charlotte.
What?
Since
um since like april I think
like
Yeah, I've been doing um he lives in san Francisco alright. Since april sorry san Francisco is my name since about april and then I think this is my fourth one of these interviews as well.
Experiences.
a little bit. I've okay. I does seem odd but I've wondered, I think because I asked because you know before they have the screeners and how you feel and afterwards how you feel and then like if there's any point, the conversation you feel like you want to leave or whatever. I think it's research on like psychological cues on conversation or something like that. All right.
Yeah.
Sister.
huh. I am not
but
it might be like communication with like employees because that's a big if you to run a company to communicate well and maybe they're trying to pick up. But even then it seems like this is a weird kind of roundabout way of doing it, but
That
says
it.
I have I'm sorry,
one thing I have sort of thought about is because afterwards I ask you like how like how friendly or how conversational they were basically and always thought, well no one's going to do this unless there's someone who like is fine with like talking to random people and being conversational and it's like because no one, because I feel like if you don't like talking to like new people, you wouldn't be doing this uh at all. So I feel like all the answers are probably the same. At least all the people I've got kind of like similar as far as friendliness and conversationalists and stuff.
What?
something
on.
sister.
So
sir?
I just finished lunch for a while ago.
Yeah, it's been going good. Um still quarantined, pretty much so. Nothing to new. Um
I do feel like kind of the go to conversation for most of the talks was like, well how is it in your state, house locked in your state? Whereas we're like kind of the same, so
In place.
I
knew one person that I have, one friend of mine who got it and he was young. He was fine after, I believe, I think after two weeks symptoms went away after two weeks and then he waited another week or two and the doctors cleared him and no longer contagious. So
yeah, so he was fine. But
I kind of, I made a joke with him. I'm like, well, since you already had it,
we should hang out sometime
because like, because I'm not worried about you giving it to me and I'm not worried about me giving it to you, so we should hang out, but we'll see.
I think they kind of do because I know like there's been a lot of studies like USC is on a bunch where they've done a much antibody tests on people. But I think you have to be like, I don't think you can just like, if you want to get tested, I think you have to be chosen because I don't think you can just like, I don't think it's as easy as getting a covid test, the antibody test. I think it's harder to get.
And
I can
take
you
out,
Mhm.
Uh huh. I do wonder if like a lot of people like kind of in like february, maybe early March before it went like big, maybe a lot of people like had, they thought I just had the flu or a cold. But because I was like I was sick in january with like a
normal flu, like at a fever and cough and everything. But over after a week I was fine. So I just said there's no more flu, which I assume it was because I have no reason to think otherwise, but it could have easily been covid I just assumed it was the flu, but who knows.
All
infection.
Something.
Yeah. And I know um the Russian government claims that they have a vaccine. So, and I don't I don't know if I would take it right now if I trust it, but I hope it works because then eventually it will it will eventually reach here if it works and it's safe. So there is that light at the end of the tunnel like you mentioned. So and I mean since it spread so fast a lot of people who already had it won't need the vaccine right? At least not right away. So it will be interesting to see how this works out.
Seven
supply.
So so
I'm doing
I'm a student
my semester starts September six so I have time
off right now and it's going all online but
it was
going to it was going to be anyway it was it was going to be hybrid. I was going to be one day in class one day from home zooming and then I guess with Kobe there's just both days are over zoom. So it's not it's nothing too crazy for the least for them. But then working at work part time I do data entry and then for that that's been um life is normal. It's for a tax accounting business which is labelled as an essential service and everyone else is from home. So I'm like by myself in the office so
I'm like by myself there so I'm okay. But.
All
thank
you.
To
be true.
definitely. But
I know a lot of you know I have one friend that had moved to spain like five years ago and he was planning to move back like anyway like he just had this time but he was like well there's no one else in the flight because you can still fly here. It's just a problem going there is there's no one else in the plane it's him and like three other people so they're spread out and then he's he
was able to go straight to his apartment here to quarantine so we didn't see anyone, he went straight there, he's quarantining in his apartment for two weeks just
having
groceries
delivered so he's kind of figured it out so hopefully he'll be fine. But I guess some people can still travel a little bit but quarantine,
not
bad.
So.
Your
question
is related,
That's
true,
Yeah.
Mhm.
Sister.
I do think we're kind of, I mean it's kind of a double edged sword but I sort of feel like we're kind of fortunate that it feels like the quarantine it turned out for us, but it's not been too strict, like I've still been able to go into always feeling at work. I've still been able to go to like walk around my neighborhood and and you go for walks and runs and stuff and go to grocery stores. Whereas like there's some countries where it's like you can't be outside your house or it's very much more contained within the other side. There are those people that like, I believe it's a hoax or whatever and just walk around like normal and no mask and anything, but it's a little bit a double edged sword. But it seems like I feel I I sort of would rather be in this situation.
Thank you.
it's almost
Yeah.
Yeah. I was sort of hoping that maybe like because of this, because now we're used to like bring hand sanitizer with us and if we're sick, we don't stay home. Usually we wear a mask. I wonder if this will kind of carry over to future years where there isn't covid that people will still like, okay, it's flu season, I'll use hand sanitizer a lot and uh if I have symptoms, I'll get checked in or even like um yeah, just stuff like that, I know in like some other countries, like a lot of Asian countries, it's it's common that people wear masks anyway when they're sick or people don't really seem to do that here, but
maybe, maybe that's uh maybe that'll catch on and maybe future years, that will be a thing, it's more common just for less serious illnesses too. Yeah.
huh.
But
definitely. We
will see.
definitely.
soon.
And it does seem like a lot of people like you know most people probably haven't been using zoom or zoom or Skype regularly like beforehand. Whereas now it's like you're using it for everything so you need to have to you have to learn it really well. So a lot of people, especially teachers may not be as used to using it now are happening to kind of learn how to use it really well. So it's a lot of like growing pains as we adapt.
Says
that.
No.
do. Are you kind of wonder because there's a junior call I just recently transferred from a junior college I used to I used to go to and they said that this fall everything is online except for stuff that has to be in person. Like all their nursing programs like some of that so it's gonna be a person because like you have or like a dental assisting programs and then I know there's another community college a friend of mine is going to he was trying to come a fireman's he was doing um I guess the E. M. T. Or whatever the degree you have to get before that is. And they had to since it was all in person they ended up just canceling a semester and he has to restart next semester which
is a little unfortunate but it was only he just started so it wasn't like too far into it. But they said that since it's like important and they're going to keep
it open
throughout through covid social distancing and stuff because you have to you don't want your firemen doing everything learning everything online.
Maybe, but I guess that's kind of what you sign up for anyway if you're like a fireman or a police officer or a doctor is you like you want to be on the front line of like to help people. So maybe it's like just like kind of part of a part for the road or whatever.
definitely.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I agree.
I
know. Um I saw one Youtube video where one doctor said mascot. Perfect. Because it could have some say over you may be over confident in how safe you are with a mask and maybe you don't pay attention to as much as touching your face or you don't, you touch where you touch the mask
and contaminate it. But he's like, it's better than not worrying one and as long as you kind of remember you still have to do everything else. Even if it doesn't it's not going to harm you like you're not gonna unless it's not going to harm you so you might as well use it anyway.
We just kind of brian on that. Yeah.
Her
and
now
The
color
definitely
it's almost become like almost a fashion statement a little bit because like I have some reusable ones that I wash and I had some just generic like white ones and I started getting one, I started getting someone like sports teams on it and stuff because I'm like it's maybe it's kind of a cool thing that kind of seeks. I've seen other people with like nine years ones or Warriors ones. This is kind of cool. I guess. This is almost like a new fashion sense. We kind of play around with,
you
can
get it.
I like it more than I thought I would because I sort of like how, because I know for the NBA they've had like live streams of like real people that they put in the background. I guess I have monitors or something so you can just see like real reactions. But it is sort of odd whenever, especially in baseball, when you see a home run and there's no one in the stands anywhere. But I like it a little bit more than I thought I would and I'll take sports. I'll take this sports over. No sports.
I've heard a little bit, I know some of them have gotten in trouble because they've left quarantine and you can only leave. Like one player was allowed to leave to go to a funeral, so he was fine with other players like left to get because they wanted to go to some restaurant for food that wasn't approved. So they got suspended. So some players don't like it. But I know like a lot of like Lebron James, he wants to win a championship so he's all in. I'm not quarantined, but it seems like most of the players are fine with it because because they're getting paid a lot of money to do it. Mhm
that's
a good question.
I haven't I haven't seen them talk about it too much, but I imagine, I can't imagine, I imagine can be kind of weird because when you're in a game you have crowd cheering. I feel like there's some level of like adrenaline you have that you might not have with just regular.
Back
president.
That's that's
applause
Like,
you know, you have a bunch of people donate money to it and they blew the game or something.
That'd be funny.
I'm
not sure. I don't follow hockey too much, but sounds interesting.
Mhm. No, I don't know pets, but yeah. Okay.
Well, uh I think we're at the 25 minute mark, but it was nice talking with you.
You
too.
Thank you. Have a good rest of your day