shoes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mm hmm. Yeah. Cool. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah, I have both. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Mhm. I can yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Yeah. Cool. Take so sure. Okay. Sure. Uh huh. Mhm. Shit. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I am and Yeah.
you hear me?
Cool. How's it going? Right?
I'm in California. How
about
you?
Um just south of san Francisco, how about that we give to each other of the Golden gate bridge. Yeah,
that's the closest person I've had to talk to.
Yeah. Yeah. Well I think I had someone in Oklahoma. I don't know if that's that's like midwest right flyover country. Yeah.
Okay. You have another call?
Yeah,
I think this is they said you can do four of these and then they want you to stop so cuba number four so thanks for showing up. Uh what's what's your name
listening brian? Like with our
got it in charlotte with a C.
Yeah, very nice to meet you. Yeah. So what
made you, have you been with prolific long or
like,
look,
I'm wearing my san Francisco marathon half marathon shirts. Yes. Okay.
Yeah, I have no idea what they do
with this. Actually, the guy I spoke with yesterday, he had actually gone on the website and looked up their website and their research to try and figure out what are they trying to get from these conversations? Like, have you thought about that at all?
interesting. Yeah,
I mean, what you think because yeah, that's right from memory, because they say like, at what minute did you want to and are they going to go back into the conversation and look at what happened at that minute? Because I mean, I don't know, I think well I pretty much just said you know like towards the end I think we were ready to wrap up and move on and go about our days. Uh That's Yeah I know because it doesn't also ask you like how are you feeling now before the conversation like energized or whatever and then how you feel after. Yeah. So what this guy said Matthew that was his name. Matthew he said that you know he's found on their website that it was about are you planning to become a ceo do you want to take the next step into executive leadership? And so his supposition, was it something to do with executive training? You know how to get a good communication style with people, how to establish report or something? Uh I don't know, I can't see how this would really
relate to ceos talking to each other, but I don't know. Are you a ceo
No,
maybe that's funny that. Yeah.
I mean I have no idea how they would analyze the conversation should have like, like just a physical person watching it. You know, I don't know if they have some kind of A I techniques which I don't know, analyzes pauses in the conversation or fish. I mean, yeah, I don't know because
you know, they also asked like what did you think of the person? I'm like, I wonder I wonder it's a bit like
Tinder.
It's like, do I ever get to find out what the other person thought about me, jeez. Um
Yeah, go ahead.
Mhm. I would. Yeah,
I think so. I mean sometimes
I think with
one person I felt like I had to kind of keep moving the conversation along. Like they didn't have anything. You know, like if you got your pause, it was always me that said, okay, so what's your favorite food
or something like that? But yeah, I think you're right. And of course you've got to be comfortable with being recorded and you know, you know, I mean, I presume this is not going to end up on Tiktok or something. It's
like,
look at these strangers trying to have a conversation and uh, worst first date ever or something. I don't know. Um, yeah, Well, I don't know how's your, how's your day been going in the same time zone? So I just had my lunch so I'm feeling okay.
Well,
Right.
exactly. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I just think it's sort of personally feels like, and I hate to use the term, but like the invisible enemy because like we know it's there but like I don't know anyone who's really had it. I know a couple of like
friends, all the relatives who have passed away. I mean they were sick anyway and it turned up, you know, they tested positive and whatnot. But you know, I don't know anyone even of my generation, let alone yours. Uh, that's been, you know, personally even tested positive. So I don't know this very low number of cases in my town and all that. But like I absolutely take it seriously
and all that.
Well let's go
and
Covid
party.
Yeah. Well I mean, but seriously, I can actually see this whole idea. You know, they talk about like immunity passports. Like if they actually develop a real immunity like an anybody test, you know, they could say, hey, you're good to travel, you can do whatever and hey the rest of you used to get to stay inside and you know, i it would be a lot of social aspects to that.
Well I think and I think it costs more money and so I was I see a doctor just kind of something else and she was saying that so she's associated with stanford right? And she said, I mean they all get like anybody tests as well as regular covert tests. And she said there because this whole thing about what's the herd immunity And she said it was something like less than 1% like maybe even .1% or something like that of all the Stanford medical people who got tested had the antibodies. Now that could be that the test isn't very good and it, you know, has false negatives and whatnot. But only could also mean that they also being doctors. They're super careful right there there you know peeping up and everything as they take care of all their patients. But it was interesting how non widespread it was in a population that expect has had shitloads of exposure. Right. So I don't know. And anyway she said but the commercially available tests aren't that
sensitive
now
there's a
lot
of false positives and false negatives. So it's not and I have no reason to believe that I've had I haven't had a really
more than a sneeze. Yeah. But we always joke. Right as soon as your coffee covid cough cough you know shouldn't I know it's not a joke.
huh.
Yeah. Exactly and I mean I think they're saying even they don't even know how long the anybody stay. Right and how long, you know, I mean if you got tested now, if anybody's you may or
may not show up and it doesn't necessarily mean you didn't have it, but uh so that was actually I just read this quick article by Bill Gates and he was saying, look, you know, there's there's a reasonable they
may have some kind of vaccine out before the end of the year, right? But it's likely to be a pretty course one, you know, like maybe only give like some immunity which is better than nothing for sure and you know, for people who are at risk and you know, essential workers and all of that. Um But yeah, he thought the chances of having a really, you know, even as effective as the flu vaccine is Before like, but he said, Look, you know, he really believes that within 12 months it's going
to be effective enough that will be through so called through this. So maybe there is some light at the end of the tunnel.
Yeah I'll say I mean they still say like
the U. S. Is just trying
to buy buy it all and not leave anything for anybody else. So. No that doesn't sound like the America. I know I shouldn't joke. I am a citizen just says you know but from Australia originally so I get to be snarky about both countries I guess.
But um yes so are you working or studying like I mean I know for us my company they just said we're working at home till july next year it
was
Uh
No
it is
it
Oh so you go into the office but it's it's like a
well that's that's good. Yeah, we're not working a pretty big office like with hundreds of people and they actually, they hadn't ever given
us a plan to reopen the
South
Bay office but they talked about reopening the north Carolina office supposed to open after fourth of july. But then you know north Carolina they spiked so that you know, I think they've got maybe some of the smaller ones in colorado like you know where they can have a bit more control over who's coming in and out. You know, they just, I'm sure they just don't want the liability right if someone showing up being sick and then it's spreading and you
know,
I'm sure they just don't want the hassle of it. So, yep
there.
But
Well
good for
him.
Yeah. I mean, I think you can, I mean, I know for me personally just like my
dad's
in the UK and he's, you know older and it's like, hey, you know what I mean, chances are going to be able to get there and if I want to go back to Australia, Australia is like almost the worst country to get back to because they know it's an enforced quarantine in a hotel. Like they literally shut you in a hotel room and you and you have to pay for it, like for
the first three or four months it was free and people were staying in these nice hotels and all that and then they said, well you had your chance to get back to the homeland. You know, now there's like $2000 a person to, you know, eat hotel food for two weeks, so it's like to go back for a holiday and vacation or whatever, I mean you're not going to if you write off two weeks just sitting in a hotel room, so and like I said if even there was a family emergency, well
you said
for two weeks
and then hey, maybe it's all
over by the end
of the two weeks, so it's just sort of think, wow, you know, I really like traveling and I mean it's still a festival problems, right? But
these sort of long term, you know what's gonna happen, I'm glad your friend was able to get back. Yeah, I mean, similar, we had some friends who have been in ITaly for a few years and yeah, they
don't know what they just said, yeah, we're back, so,
you know um yeah, I don't know about sitting on a plane for um 12 hours in a mask, it's got a kind of suck
yeah, yeah, I mean, I think we are super lucky living where we are and we've got a great climate, you can, you know, you, I mean even during like, you know, once if it gets back to like december or whatever, I mean, you know, it's still going to go outside, right, and I have like nice parks and trails and
whatnot, so uh yeah, I don't feel, I mean, I must say I didn't, I hated grocery shopping for the first couple of months like because is, I mean people were nuts right anyway, and the stores are really crowded, all the panic buying
and you just felt like everyone who even coughed is just like spreading germs and now it just feels I mean you wear a mask but it doesn't seem that different, you know? But we'll see what happens when winter comes. I mean I think the only data point that I thought was interesting is that again, I'm keeping track of what's happening Australia and they said the flu season was pretty much a non event. Like there was such a low infection rate of people getting flu this winter and they put that down to hey everyone's washing their hands social just, you know, I mean that's the normal things that you probably could do every year but nobody really does. And now we've just all kind of learned hey, you know, maybe you shouldn't be touching your face and spreading germs so you know. Yeah. Maybe
our habits will protect us a bit better this winter.
No.
I hope so. Yeah. As a supposed to us just having such short memories they'll be like ah
yeah. Well I mean honestly I can't even remember and I'm you know I'm old enough to well remember any kind of stuck around H one N one like you know these are the swine flu and they all go these files that were like I don't know anybody who got it. I mean I can I do remember I went to a conference and there was a lot of hand sanitizer and you like weren't shaking hands but it was nothing like now and and this is this is different. But I'm just thinking so maybe
we really will just forget like in another few years I know time will tell. Uh
I
think the other thing that that I mean it's one thing for like university students and what not to do your classes online and I'm sure you're quite motivated and and all of that, even though it's sort of sad to miss out on the university life and you know, all that stuff, but it is much much harder on kids, right?
And actually this this guy I spoke to yesterday from florida, he was a teacher and he's going back next week and he's like, I'm scared shitless, I'm pretty young guy. And yeah, he said, look, I don't think it's going to last longer than a month. I think we'll be back online in a month because it's just going to be a shit show and that's kind of spread and and he says, but he hates teaching online. You know, he just he was doing it the last semester and he just said it really sucks, you know, he's teaching like middle school students and you
know, it's just just not gonna anyways.
yep, yep, yep. Yeah. Well i is this one thing and then now I think, well, how are all the, like the dentist learning how to take teeth out? You know,
it's like,
well, I'll just watch, watch, watch a youtube video on how to take out a tooth and then good your dentist, you know? Yeah, I mean it kind of sucks,
right? It's, it's just a whole lot of um long term effects, so. Yeah.
man.
Come
on.
that's true. Well, and I mean, I guess there again, they are pretty well protected, right? With their masks and whatnot. So I don't know. Maybe they think it's good practice you have to sit in the classroom wearing your full fire gear as well, sucks to be you.
Yeah. Yeah. I and you know, there's a certain amount of higher pay for a lot of those, I can not all but a lot of those occupations, whereas you think about the poor person who stacks the shelves at Safeway and I don't know, I don't know if you ever read next door. I mean, I don't necessarily recommend it, but it's I call it how to find out which of your neighbors is a raging fascist racist, but you know, they're all like S R a person walking around without a mask and Safeway and why didn't they stop them? I'm like, Do you expect some poor 16 year old with a part time job, paid $7 an hour to confront some, you know, bozo and say, put your mask on. I mean, you know, it's just not fair to put that kind of responsibility on people. It's not who didn't sign up for that, right? And
which is why I just think, you know,
there's nobody
likes wearing a mask. You know, it's just like, but just suck it up, you know,
don't
be a dick, you know,
interesting.
I
I mean, I have no patience for all these people. It's like, oh, it's you know, your breathing in your CO two and you're going to be oxygen a bribe. And I'm like, seriously? So, you know, if you have open heart surgery and the surgeon is, you know, who's, you know,
and the nurses are all masked up and they're just passing
out,
Yeah, right. You really believe that and they're wearing much more serious masks than your little t shirt over your, over your face. But yeah, again, it's it's, you know, just revealed that, you know, just people's attitudes and how they deal with other
people
and generally
get on with society at large. Mm.
So have you been watching any of that? Like what do you think
of the
virtual
people, like the virtual crowds that they've got in?
Yeah. Yeah. I think that's that's totally real. I mean, I wonder what the players, I have you read anything about what the players are thinking or are they just so focused on the game? They don't care whether there's
Well, and I was also thinking specifically what they think of the on court field experience, you know with the
fake
the crowd.
Mhm. So actually here is the thing, I mean because there's a lot of teams that have a lot of rivalry, like you think of the sharks and L. A. For example. I mean I'm not big on sports but hockey but you
know, so I guess
they don't have any booing, right? And this is
in
the virtual crowds. They only have cheering and no, no brewing. I don't know what it's like. Maybe maybe you can pay to have a boo inserted or something. They couldn't
make it up sponsorship.
Yeah. There you go. Or you know through
what is it that there's one team that they throw octopuses on the, what is that? There's some of these traditions where they throw dead octopuses onto the ice for some something I am, I
don't
Yeah, yeah. Just these um, strange rituals. So uh well I would say my one my one regret about this and again, totally first world problems. If I know this is going to go on for so long, I would have liked fostered some kittens because you know, because you think, hey, we're in a perfect opportunity, right? Because your home and you can, or a puppy or whatever. You know, you can give them a lot of lot of training and love and all of that. We didn't. So yeah. Do you have any pets?
Alrighty,
Well stay safe and good luck
with your
studies and all that.
Bye.