Good
government.
Oh thanks for Wall Street. I'm
dan, let me, have you done have you done this kind of uh this kind of thing before with like a random,
this is my third time for the same one.
Okay. Did you come in through uh what's a prolific companies in that? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, probably about the same. Yeah.
But it seems like the more, I don't know, the more you do, the more they'll kind of throw at it. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely not. I have a little like chrome extension that will like flash meal warning, you know? But even even then sometimes they're not quick enough to even get in.
I
know. I'll even, I'll do a bunch of like tiny ones if I can, I'll do whatever I can do whatever I can grab. I'm like at the computer anyway most of the day.
Right? Not saying I'm a junior. I've been, it's all online right now too.
What
are you
studying? What's that?
I'm a geography major like trying to do a lot of like gps. I'm in florida in Miami so I gotta get a school called florida International
F.
I. U.
How's
the how's the english department isn't? All right
that's good. Yeah.
Oh yeah my sister is a nurse she ended up getting a doctorate in it but I took her like 15 years or something. She like took forever and she basically switched around different focuses and like was about to end it several times I think. Mhm.
I'll bet.
Yeah there's a lot of there's some size to I don't know if I would naturally be inclined to do that honestly.
What's that?
Okay. Yeah that's great. Um That's I don't know I have thought of every once in a while I thought about something like that too because I don't know, I really like technical type stuff so I'm learning a lot of that but also real into social science and theory and that kind of thing too. I don't know teaching is a good happening for my mom's a teacher. You know my sisters, one of my other my other sisters talk a lot. She's a librarian but she's kind of gone back and forth.
It's
been, yeah. It's an important job I would think like ideally in society, you know like half the half of the entire population to be a teacher of
some sort. Uh huh.
Right. Right. Yeah. I mean that would be included, you know the upper upper echelon of society you think instead of like football coaches,
shooting?
Did you like move to Augusta to go to school and we're already living in?
So not like stranded in a dorm or something crazy like that.
bigger would be I don't know I wouldn't want to be dorm or anything right now.
Be right.
Sweet.
That's great.
that sounds great. Mhm.
All my
reading, you know reading I have to do is like I don't know. Uh right a big paper on this book which is like no serious geopolitics in latin America but
stuff like that like I enjoy reading this. Um But I guess all
tired of people as I can.
That's pretty cool. Yeah.
Um Hopefully just hopefully bachelors and then I don't know I just you know I'm kind of on the fence about what is going to let me get a decent job quickly, you know I just just like this week got basically got like a student job in the G. I. S. Center like with a researcher.
So I'm kind of going to see where that goes if they can, if that would be like a good avenue to maybe go to grad school for this kind of stuff like and I can somehow get help with that and I'll go for it, you know? Um but I'm like I'm almost 40. I went back to school really late and so I'm focused on like trying to work as soon as I can, like for, you know, something to get something serious as soon as I can. So I don't know. We'll see. I'm also choosing whether I applied for another school university of florida with for like an online program and I just found out I got accepted. So I don't know if I'm going to do that next semester. I'm still kind of trying to figure out if I should because it'll just be that's guaranteed to be online the rest of the time. But I
don't know if just that name mostly a flag. So I was like, I'd rather have University of florida on your resume, you know, and I don't know how important that is. Exactly. So should I really just like have no chance of doing in person school like in the in the near future because I'm gonna, I don't know, I really need to go and take advantage of labs and like work in person with people, you know, I kind of get a point where I need to do that so I don't know, I'm kind of an offensive about it.
and that's the kind of the thing. I'm like already I'm meeting people at this, my university right now, like I'm going to be able to like at least start, you know, getting together with people and having some kind of connections, like that's always a good thing,
you know, I don't know if I should like start all that over and just have a completely online school and like anybody that could help me, you know, a university of florida, like I'll never meet in person like I don't know, is that worth it? You know? And
it's an undergrad degree, so how important is that in
the
long grand anyway.
yeah, it probably won't matter. I should probably just stick with like what I've already started, this will be like the fourth school I've been at anyway switched around a lot, I moved down here kind of halfway in the middle of like a year ago, so I already had a year down, you know, we're excellent, So probably don't have to jump around too much.
It was
I had
to
like
I
had to bug people about it. I found it on a random website and I had to like ask and be like, is this a real job? Can I get this job?
that sounds great.
Mhm.
Like
do as
long as you can.
That's
crazy,
totally.
Yeah. Or like, you know one of ancient old like role playing games,
we're passive. That sounds cool. Yeah. Yeah.
I'll bet. Yeah, like I have a little weird like a tiny one that you just put a cell phone in, you know? And even those, I don't know, I haven't really used ever like a full on like Oculus or anything like that, so I'm not sure have like what's worse, you know, just trying to focus on like the cell phone kind of thing was like crossing your eyes enough or like a full on thing that's not done very well and probably like, I'm not sure which would give you more of a headache or nicki sicker.
No,
no
thanks.
Yeah, I'll bet if it's like jerky at all or not smooth at all. It's just like she
seems like strokes in your face like to
Yeah. Disoriented. Probably instant seizure for some people.
Does any of this stuff like
Yeah, it was like, I do a lot of kind of micro tasks kind of stuff for the last couple of years and you know, some of its cool. Some of its like it's mostly the convenience, you know, I don't think I've ever found anything that's like oh man you can actually just actually makes any money.
Right? I know.
Yeah exactly. It's you know it's pretty exploitive way. I've been aware of that ballot kind of what you signed up for.
Yeah it's been breaking out like it's super convenient you know uh where I moved in Miami it was, it's been, I don't know it's costs a lot, it's like the cost of living is really high and like trying to find a job is really hard, especially I'm not like super fluent in spanish and that's honestly like a barrier
I can, you know I can like order a coffee at this point like say thanks and like a little, you know some things but no it's just been tough and like being
in school too and like meeting flexibility you can break it.
Oh yeah, it's probably, it's almost like it's almost like in south America honestly, it's predominantly yeah,
probably less so like the more north ego in florida but down here for sure.
like little micro when you attain them.
you have any like any ideas right now?
Oh yeah, that's cool.
Oh that's right. Well real coffee lou
this is great.
learning as much like, I don't know, I'm getting into like python programming, like that kind of stuff, so I'm kind of getting back into playing music, which is what I did for a really long time to actually my whole like previous life, I played in bands, I owned a recording studio, I like work for bands, went on tour like as a sound guy. It just all kind of like
and I did it for a long time but if it had to end at some point and
then
do something you know quote real with my life. Uh I was I was lucky to like you know some people who actually had real like who are able to pay somebody to like you know work for them and stuff, most of that was like 90% of what I was doing was very underground, sleeping on floors, you know, not not really getting paid very much, but it was fun, it was like you know. Yeah and I got to travel a lot like I ended up driving around the country like a lot went to europe a few times, I got to see some cool stuff. Uh all of that relies on knowing somebody being lucky who is lucky in in the first place.
Haven't
I like don't really have much radio experience. I also, I wasn't I was way more into like recording music, recording like in a studio where it's way more controlled and stuff and um there was just a real need to like know how to run sound at shows and like that always honestly like I was way less comfortable with that even though I end up learning how and like being okay like you're good at and doing it a lot like, you know, somewhat professional level. I was always super like anxious about it and like very like, oh man, there's so much I could go wrong, like I'm the one
and there's thousands of people and if it screws up it's me and they're looking at me like,
oh shit, like I'm in the middle of the crowd and everybody knows it's like on me. So like that was always nerve wracking.
It was. Yeah, no it is part of the like part of the fun part of the excitement and stuff. Um
Thank you.
Not a lot honestly. Like I've taken a few intro classes for like a few different like C. Plus plus and then taking an intro and I've taken a lot of statistics and stuff and there's a most of the stuff I ended up using using or more like scripts and like just little things like in like with python as far as it relates to like geography and like G. I. S what I've been doing is way more like just little snippets of like scripts and like uh you know, doing like analysis on big things and like just nothing soup, not not really like building things from scratch. I'd like to get into stuff like that was like uh web apps and stuff. And there's a there's a big kind of whole side of it that does that a little more like actual like kind of full on projects like from start to finish.
that's
the thing. I'm not like, I don't think I haven't really like, I don't think I'll ever be able to be like, yeah, I'm like a coating guru or anything
because it's just like a whole another universe than what I'm realizing like, oh, I only need like this little slice of this knowledge to like apply it here. Yeah.
No,
no, that's the thing. Yeah, I'm like get there. It takes me a really long time to sit there and like work it all out. I don't know way more of like fully half like visual literary kind of like more thinking abstractly like on the other side of it. So I have to like work on each part and like develop it, you know, We focus on one or the other. Yeah.
like it works but that's not the point.
Yeah. I'm like I'm like scratching the surface and I'm like this is like a giant pool, I don't think I can like dive all the way into shit.
No.
Like it's a it's a little different
you said. Yeah.
sure,
Or any type of, you know if you take the wrong character or have the wrong, you know symbol in the wrong place and you will find out and tell us way too late.
No.
Yeah.
And
it depends. Yeah. For sure that a lot of it is is like but not like catastrophic. It's more like if you interpreted this like your interpretation is okay, but here's like another piece of data or whatever that would fit better. Yeah, something like that.
Great.
Down the drain.
not
a lot. Honestly. Like
I'm so far behind, I have a, I didn't own a console ever as a kid, so like I never, I don't know, it's like
something I never, but there's a few really like, I don't know, real nerdy ones. I like kind of like long, super
long form boring games. There's one called City Skylines or just like build
the old
cities, which
is a good one. So if you can do for like hours and hours, like, I don't know, I've never been able to play like a shooting game or like a first person shooter or anything like that.
It's never, never really been it. And
for a long time I've been using my like ridiculously huge, powerful PC to use a dos emulator and play all games from the 90s that were on like,
like just old baseball games, like you know, uh Prince
of Persia and like just ancient ancient games.
I never owned one of my oldest brother owned an original Sega like when we were a little bit older and I remember there was a few for that. Um I don't know, a long time ago, a friend gave me an old Sega dreamcast sometime in the mid two thousands that he had found. So like I had that for a little while, I just like couldn't I don't know, it always seemed like such a big world that I was like, I got to start somewhere and like get all this stuff and like do it all the time. and I was like, I don't know, I was also afraid of getting obsessive about it, being like, okay, now I only play video games for hours every day instead of this other thing that I'm obsessed with,
I can easily,
I could get into that trap. I feel like
I remember.
Yeah. Really? No, that's a that's a weird thing because like um all my friends always had like systems and stuff and it was one of those things where it's like if I wanted to play something or you know, I could just go to someone, I didn't have to buy all the stuff, I didn't have to have it. Like if I really wanted to, I could go do it keep up with things that everyone else is keeping up with. Its like I've heard of everything and like have some kind of familiarity with it you know? But it was more like that phenomenon definitely is for years. There was like the cool games and like big things and they lasted a long time and it was like like you said like a year or two later it's like let's play this one and like still is cool and I don't know it does seem like things just come out like over and over and over again, you're like the sequel over and over again or now it's like uh it's on steam and you have to buy the new thing every like Every like two months or
whatever.
The
I am really a funny, I've always had a vice city on my phone for some reason it was like in my phone one of my phone games like forever. but I've never played any other version of Grand theft Auto like ever. And so I've been really tempted to like just do G. T. A. Five or whatever online and jump into it
because
it looks ridiculous. It looks hilarious and crazy and fun and like amazing. But just that's another thing where I'm like if I start doing that like I'll fail my classes.
that too.
That's
the back.
No I know it was a whole there's a whole other part of it. Can I really justify that right now? I don't think actually.
does seem to be like a thing.
probably.
That's cool.
Nice to meet you. Good luck with everything.
Thanks to Karen.