Hi.
Hello. Good.
Are you like the thing behind you?
Well
Yeah this is my this is um is this your first one?
My third time for the same 12.
I've been doing it for like a year age now.
What? I've only made like 230 but things like this page 20s are kind of sure.
the more you get approved I think the more up your rating so you get more and more and more. She's nice. Mhm.
Yeah they fill up so fast some of them. That's
fucked.
Yeah. Yeah I read it all the time now because I'm in college and all my classes I moved online so
we're gonna
call
it
I'm studying english. Yeah.
I
mean
yeah I'm in Augusta Georgia. Yeah Medical College of Georgia and I'm an english major.
Where is the name?
It's great. I'm loving it so far.
I think nursing and then I swapped over to english because nursing is too hard.
That pretty much sums it up. I did like I did two years of it and I was like I don't want to do this like 18 years to get scream that so is so stressful and hard. It's fun though. I enjoyed
it.
Yeah. It's got to be a special kind of person. I'm trying to you right now.
I'm trying to be a teacher right now.
Yeah. It feels like everyone like everyone I speak to and like they're like oh so and so and my family is a teacher like everybody
has more.
What?
and then we get paid more.
Yeah. Maybe significantly one of us
I got slaughtered into a bunch of research slots at my school of trying to get credit hours because everyone classrooms anymore. So just make research for all the professors. Yeah,
I moved here to go to school, but I only live like about an hour or so. I right.
You're an apartment now. I was at the door for that, but I enjoyed it. Yeah.
Especially not. Right. Huh? I know some people in the door because some of them in my classes, I pity them out. Yeah.
The research like I don't even know the professor's name. They just send us research and do this for us and then write us this. But like she sent me super nice, super pretty coffee of dracula to do research
with.
It's currently like the pages are black and like she was like, yeah, I just want you to go through and like find like stuff to write about this novel. Because she's like, apparently the research study and she's like, I want you to focus on the dracula part. And I was like, okay,
like, I don't even know her name, I just went to your office that you give me a book. Yeah. Is
it?
And simplified.
Yeah. That's
Yeah. Some of the reading in colleges like that where it's like, read this like 100 page novel that's just so Obama blah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really enjoying the language classes because all of them are like, relative interest to me, Paradise Lost. And one of them, and then I have a Children's literature and we're reading a Wrinkle In Time.
Yeah. It's great. It's kind of a because one day I'm like, we're talking about like harry potter and like, a wrinkle in time and Matilda, and then the next day, and we're like, we're going to talk about like, satan in my Yes. So it's a definite contrast. It's fun. Mhm. So you're going to graduate next year, you're gonna go for like a longer degree?
What?
Unlike
Yeah. I think for a lot of jobs it doesn't really like, but the degree obviously matters and like where your school kind of matters, but like it's really who, you know like uh
get you places.
Especially
in
there.
Like if it's an undergrad, it's like how important is it gonna be in the long run versus like for something more. Yeah.
It's cool to get a job. Let me study that. My God. Yeah.
Already
this
week
helping
at all.
My my job. I Yeah.
And people send me their shitty VR games and I and then tell them what I think. Oh God.
I was actually one that was really interesting in a day that I got and it was like, it was like a two hour when I was like, I don't know if I want to do that. Sitting in the headset for two hours is not the best that I, but it was like dracula on the cover and was like, yeah, I want to do it. Why not? And then it was like, it sounds like a like a graphic novel that you just kind of sit in and you can walk around and interact with while they always plays overhead. And I was like, I was only supposed to play for two hours and I think I did like, like text or email them and they're like No longer do it for longer.
And like
five
That was like five hours or so in
like,
it was basically just like a piece of artwork in front of you that you could like
Pope.
Yeah, it was so, it's so much fun now.
The worst part about is that people because all the, if you make of the arguments a really high chance, it's going to be really bad. I don't very easily. Like I did gymnastics for five years and I've had the VR headset for like four. Some of the things they send me just make me nauseous.
I've done this self something. It's going to stop made well,
they
make ridiculously just so sick. Like
there was one, it was like, it was right on a motorcycle and you shoot stuff made in some crappy engine And I like, I was supposed to play for 30 minutes and I got five minutes in and I was like, I had messages that when I was like if I finished playing a game gonna, up. we need the frames.
It's not a fun time when you get like jerked around, you're not expecting it. Mhm.
Stroll into the worst. They always, I really spend your horror game, it's always like we're gonna put strobe lights and that makes him scared. It was already scary and then you put strobe lights in and now I'm just sick and scared.
Yeah, it's not a fun time. Yeah. Um Yeah, I wish I could relate that to school. I wish okay roommates wanted and uh but yeah, so um
at It's all right, it's like $10 per thing.
Yes. The most annoying thing is when like They want you to do like so much and they give you like $5
like really picky about the details and they're like, oh you did one thing wrong, you're not getting paid Okay
Yeah it's worth it For real like one very 10 is probably one bad 1. Get over it. Mhm. The biggest thing is people give me a bad rating. I always get like I don't get any more for a while until I like appeal. Like I don't know why they gave me a bad rating, can I have my stars back please? Right. But it's fun though, I really enjoy it. Yeah.
I'm not fluent at all in spanish.
Trip.
spanish speakers in Miami.
wow. That's crazy. I didn't know that. Uh huh.
Sorry my roommate has noticed my new toys arrived. I ordered a three D printer and he wants me to open it. Yes. Yeah I'm really excited about healthy printer. It's a little it's like I
print out little things were around the house and excited. Yeah,
mainly I've been playing dungeons and dragons, so I'm going to print out a little bit.
Right, because my uncle printed me out one and he mailed it to me right, get to use it. But I'm sure printed out a big print out for me to paint and then sent back to him and then he just said I found a nicer one. You can just keep that one. Yeah.
Yeah. We said it's basically the exact same as the normal, like, like you can go to the store and buy, it's like a little bit smaller and it's really flimsy.
Yeah. He was upset because I broke one of the tentacles off. I was painting it. It's super fun. Yeah. Danny hobbies interests. Yeah.
Hammer
Always
work.
yeah. I've already run with this area, but I have no audio musical talents. Like, like I was in a radio thing for a bit where I did the music for a radio station and I was just migrated it. Hmm. Mhm. He
was like,
No.
but
so bad. It's so fun now.
How
much coding have you gotten into?
I tried my I tried my best to get into coding
like, well, I
no,
it's not something you can route forwards either. It's like, I was like, I just
wrote, right, okay, and it's like, it's my problem solving skills do not apply correctly in that field.
my biggest thing was, I just didn't like, I wouldn't apply where they, like, if I need a little snippet of code, I would write like miles of code. And it's not like there was one thing and it like the teacher just wanted it to say hello 1000 times and obviously it was like a for loop that makes it print hello 1000 times I was supposed to be and then I just made it print screen. Hello and then I coffee and face 1000 times.
That's what I want. Why you can incorrectly. Yeah, I was good at that.
we go to, this is like good with
computers. I'll arrange to figure this out quickly. Right?
Yeah. It's hard.
Books are much easier to understand I find. Well, most of the time. Mhm.
That's what I like. That's what I like about. So there's no wrong answers in books, If I do something wrong, if I told we're going in a code, it's never going to work that.
Which is super nice about the research she's sending me. It's like, it's just like, she'll send me like random tasks like go find how many times the word blood is used in dracula really awful. Like words that are not blood that are meant to be blood are used like, okay, I'm
not going to actually use the book you gave me that. I'm going to go into like the evil control that. But yeah, but like I like that. It's not like, oh, I got it wrong and there's nothing I can do about it. Yeah.
Which you find like, I guess in your field it's a lot more like, yeah, I know what you've done here is wrong and there's no defensive
about it.
I was always felt like finds, we've always like that. To me, it was like for my hypothesis, you form your hypothesis collected on the day that you have and you
what I found. And then somebody else comes in with a singular piece of data that disproves it. It's like, well thanks
yes. How many things you have? Right? If you have one thing that's wrong, it kind of like everything else up. Yeah. Um Playing like computer
games.
What?
No.
Or
I love City
stuff.
No.
you've been on those
number or?
Do it.
The head
Yeah. It's like a lot We're like an N 64 or anything like that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's
man.
Yeah. Like obviously got the VR games, then I'm like got a Nintendo switch around here somewhere. I got a bunch of consoles and play around with. But yeah, like to the past
like Have been just pirating games for the N 64 going through them. Thanks so much for like. It's crazy to me too because like not even looking at it from my God. Oh it's like I'm going to play this game because it's game kind of perspective. It's like that Like ocarina of time came out in 1998 and I was born in 99. And yet I remember growing up and playing Ocarina. He was popular for quite a few years. You look at games and it's like game comes out and then a year later no one's heard of anymore.
Thanks.
But it gets upgraded proves and certainly
Like I always just like like call of duty and stuff because it's like I don't want to play the same game that came out in like 2013 with new graphics. Yeah.
The
online.
Yeah. Well particularly line is like the money is such a sink. The reason
you're either going to spend 100 real life dollars to
get
such and such. Are you going to go play the game for years? Are able to afford it?
This one not worth it, wow. I do like the new reemergence of story games. I feel. Oh
like they made the new God of War game. It's oh it was so good just because it was such a good story. Yeah. We've got over our time.
Yeah. 28 minutes, 14 seconds.
Yeah. All right. It's been nice talking to you.
Yeah. Have a great day.