SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to. I wonder if. Okay, hold on, let me shut my door real quick. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Okay. Thank you. How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Uh My name is Lindsay, by the way.
SPEAKER_L: My name's Mila Nila.
SPEAKER_R: that's a cool name. It's very pretty.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Oh gosh. This is actually only the second time I've had someone show up for one of these. They can I think I've signed up like five or 6 times by now.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Yeah, I think me too. Um so this is like my 1st 4th time one shows up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't really understand why people would sign up for this so often and then not show up, but I don't know. Um So, okay, talk for 25 minutes. Um So I guess like what do you do for work and stuff? Are you working right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: currently not working. Um I could go back to work but I'll be taking online classes for pharmacy school. It's typically in person, but I can do remote.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool though. So training to be a pharmacist basically. That's really cool. I've always thought that like that would be a pretty good job to have. But it's like I have some like physical disability stuff where I couldn't stand in a pharmacy all day, but.
SPEAKER_L: it's a terrible, I actually have to finish the last day of my rotation tomorrow at a cBS and it's pretty hard. There's a lot of like standing and like like bending down, picking up things like constantly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's one of those jobs that like, I don't think people think about how physical it really is, like, yeah, you're on your feet all day, you're retrieving those, so uh I can see it. Um Mhm. Yeah, I just work as a transcriptionist, so my job is not particularly exciting, but you know, it it pays the bills, which I guess right now is important, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No, I've actually been doing online classes too though, not anything nearly that cool, but I'm like, I don't know um because I used to do quite a bit of freelance writing work and then I kind of fell out of it, some kind of trying to get back into that again, doing some stuff and then taking like some, you know, like skill share classes. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I've heard about it. Could you tell me more?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, it's actually like, I really like it um because you can sign up for like two months of it for free at first just to see if there's anything really worth your time, and then there's like just tons of classes and all sorts of different disciplines where it's basically like people who are experts and like I've been taking a lot of classes and pattern making um like art classes, so it'll be people who are experts in that one particular thing. Well like teach this whole class about it, uh it's really good as far as I can tell because even like um writing classes that I've taken on there, I've been able to go like yeah this is all really good advice, like I've actually done this before, you know this is a very solid class to be taking, so I think it's really cool and then even if like, you know you take a bunch of classes in those two months and then you don't want to pay the, it's like 20 bucks a month after that, it's still a whole bunch of free classes you get to take during that two months so you know why not? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: haven't really been taking any online class actually signed up for a few but I never went through with it.
SPEAKER_R: No. Mhm. Yeah it's um okay. I don't know, I like the trend but I guess I spent a whole lot of time online anyway um Just because I work as a transcriptionist so and it's easier for me than like trying to get out and do classes in person so. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't alarm go off in case I forgot about this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: smart move though. Uh Gosh, darn it. Computer kids doing that. Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: I definitely would like taking online classes more like I just like um I don't have to like drive through traffic to get to class or anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's definitely a lot more convenient like especially right now with just you know, you're not having to go and then be out in uh you know potential pin to the mix stuff so I
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: day I had like a huge storm literally, it was the scariest thing I've ever driven and um there was like so much traffic but like I mean I had to go pretty slow and so did everyone else. Yeah. Honestly I couldn't even see where I was driving, it was just so bad. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: my god, was
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: it like like just regular storm or so I guess
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: something bigger than that.
SPEAKER_L: Um I feel like it was a regular storm but like more severe I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Just kind of a nasty one. Yeah I used to live in um texas and I mean we get tornadoes which are always scary weather but they also get just like really intense crazy like just thunderstorms basically used to have a lot of problems with flooding in our area because that actually it gets I don't know, no joke having a driving a nasty storm so
SPEAKER_L: I actually used to live in florida
SPEAKER_R: 15.
SPEAKER_L: and we have a lot of like hurricanes, there's like like huge winds, like things just falling everywhere. Like I had a neighbor who's um
SPEAKER_R: Including Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there was like a tree and it fell on top of her car, it was like so nasty. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I've had neighbors and stuff, they like actually had trees that fell
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: on their houses and like you know took out of the room of their house and that's always like that's scary, it's like it's I've never seen that happen to anyone where like, you know, no one was in the room, nobody got hurt, but still like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: pretty intense. Um So um I guess like, what do you do in free time then?
SPEAKER_L: Um Free time I like to do cooking um like trying different restaurants or from foods, like trying new shows. Uh Also like sometimes a little bit of gardening, it also makes sometimes karaoke as well.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah, I just I just moved into a new house where like we've got a really nice backyard now where I'm like, I could garden back there. I haven't I haven't really had the chance to have anything but, you know, indoor plants for a long time. So yeah, I really like that too. And I am, I actually just bought myself like an instant pot, like the pressure cooker things. So I've been experimenting with that a lot. Um Yeah, I guess because I just um
SPEAKER_L: Get
SPEAKER_R: I had a lot of like really long term health issues that I guess like we just figured out what it was. Which is basically an allergic disorder. Going through this whole process
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: of like learning how to cook all over again, basically. It's like you know, foods that I can actually eat now without getting sick. So I've been
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: on this like kind of kick recently I guess of like learning how to make um gluten free bread and stuff. So which is interesting
SPEAKER_L: interest,
SPEAKER_R: parameters to that kind of baking.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds that sounds like a lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: uh Because it's like I had to it was hard enough even finding recipes that
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I could like work from there. I've got so many restrictions on stuff now where it's like you can't have gluten in, it. Can't do like eggs or dairy. Or like you know a whole bunch of stuff that just regularly goes debate. Good likes corn start I can't use corn starts now. So it's like I had to go online and first figure out how to make my own gluten free flours. It was like any of the pre made mixes I was finding were like, they already had things like, you know, like rice flour around. A lot of them got that and like I'm apparently hideously allergic to rice, which we just figured out. So now it's like, yeah, I'm having to learn how to do like basically everything all over again when it comes to food. But so I've gotten really into like starting to get into that and I'm like, I feel like such an old person
SPEAKER_L: Why why do you say that? Uh
SPEAKER_R: because my mom, like, you know, I spent all my time is doing like, you know, on blogs looking up like recipes for gluten
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: free bread. And then like I've also gotten really into like making my own t recently because
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: like one
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: of the things we figured out is that I have problems with anything that's been fermented and like
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: didn't even realize that like green and black tea or fermented like somewhere in the process of making them. I never knew that. But so it's like, you know, I don't know, I spend all my free time on, you know, blogs like burning to make my own teas and stuff and I just don't know, I feel a little silly I guess. But I mean the upside, I actually feel good for the first time in years. So
SPEAKER_L: That's really good.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I can't really complain. I guess it's just, you know, it's a lot to have to learn over again I suppose, but still better than the alternative. But
SPEAKER_L: You want to?
SPEAKER_R: it's also like it's been kind of crazy actually like the health changes that have happened just like. Yeah, because I like I had, I mean you may have noticed the glasses probably excited to have some I have some light sensitivity issues still, so I have to wear those but it was like with the allergic stuff it was affecting like even, you know my vision and my hearing, like my sense of smell completely for a while, and like once they started me on like all the medications that I'm on now and supplements and stuff, like my vision completely cleared up. Um like still have the light sensitivity issues, but I can actually see when like my vision used to swim so badly. Like I could I was to the point I could barely read like text on a computer screen, so it's like some of the changes have been pretty wild. Just like stuff that I guess, I don't know, I didn't realize that even stuff that, I mean it's basically just allergies could affect you that badly, but human body is kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is. However how has it didn't like, especially since you're doing like a lot of work at home um house has that like been like because you told me that you mostly do work from home and you're all look on the computer all the time. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I think I missed the beginning of that, I heard the bit about
SPEAKER_L: Working.
SPEAKER_R: working from home, I didn't hear the question,
SPEAKER_L: Oh I said how has
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: it been
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: like since you have like um light sensitivity, you're you're kind of like exposed to that a lot um when you're on here like we're all the time, it's like sometimes
SPEAKER_R: remains
SPEAKER_L: it even get
SPEAKER_R: oh sorry my computer was doing that thing again, like if I don't something in the background keeps popping up, I apologize, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: immediate.
SPEAKER_R: it's well I mean the light
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: sensitivity stuff has been so bad for so long that like honestly, even if I had been working in person, I mean I I know like looking at screens definitely aggravates it because of the light that it is. Um but I don't
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: know, I guess it was kind of just a trade off because it was either, you know, I'm staring at a screen which isn't good for my vision issues or I'm having to be at an in person job where they're usually not great about, you know, being like, oh, you know, you can't get up and walk around when doing work, like, you know, I still walk with a cane at this point. Um So it was like if I had been at a, you know, in person physical job, like I probably would have needed a wheelchair realistically, and even then, you know, I was so sick and I had so much pain issues all the time, that just yeah, it was a trade off. It was basically either I sit at home and can actually take care of those other health issues which were a little more severe than the vision stuff, or I, you know, sit and stare at a computer screen, which, you know, again, not great for my eyes, but honestly, like if
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I hadn't been able to find the transcription of stuff, I'm really not sure what I would have done during that period when I was really sick. Just because like, you
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I tried I tried applying for stuff in person where I thought, you know, maybe I can handle this one or but it was there's just really nothing in person that was flexible enough. Um because even like I would get stuff where you know, I get really serious infections every once in a while just because like, you know, your body is basically fighting itself all the time because you're constantly having an allergic reaction was what I was going through. It was like any time you get hit with like, you know, even a cold or something, you know, your defenses are already down. So you know my entire body would freak out and it would be, you know, maybe I'd be really sick for like an entire month and there's no job
SPEAKER_L: Tonight.
SPEAKER_R: that I can think of where they would just be like, oh yeah, every once in a while you could just take off a month because you're really sick, you know? Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So it was like, you know in the end I just I had to find something that I could do um and like fortunately, you know, getting into transcription work at least you know, you don't need a degree or any special training to start out as like a general transcriptionist. So that was actually really cool thing to have found at the time. Um Now like I'm starting to feel better and better, like I don't think it's something that I'm going to do, you know the rest of my life for anything, but at least you know when I go to apply for stuff now, I can be like yeah I wasn't just you know whatever five year gap in my work history uh where I have to be like, you know explaining that whole illness thing, which places usually don't take well when you bring that up in an interview. So it's you know, it's something where you know, I was working during that time period basically, so at least it is some employment history that I can add and then it's like it's been kind of cool just because I guess it made me realize that like there's kinds of work I enjoy doing that I wouldn't have expected to because like honestly when I started out as a transcriptionist I figured I would think that work was really boring basically. Um But it's actually gotten be interested in doing like uh stuff with data I guess. Um Things like that, like, I don't know, I just hadn't considered before, so it's been a learning experience, I guess, I can put it that way. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: When you said data, what did you mean body like that?
SPEAKER_R: well because one of the things that I realized that I really like about the transcriptionist job and like a skill that I didn't really realize I had was, let's say you're like, I get an audio file and it's about something that I have absolutely no context for like, the other day I got a was actually I had to just to transcribe a whole conference about kidney stones, which like, I know nothing about kidney stones, I'm not not there, you know? So there's all this sort of like, you know, crazy terminology and things that I have to figure out within this transcription just to get it written. And I guess what I realized is like, I'm really good at kind of uh making connections between like pieces and looking up things, you know, research and stuff like that, I don't know, I just never considered before. So it got me thinking about doing stuff like you know, data and Alex and stuff like that, because it was like when I was in school like I did really well in math and chemistry and stuff like that, I just never really went anywhere with it. I don't know, I guess my family didn't really encourage
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that side of stuff, so I just kind of, it was like yeah I'm good at math and that doesn't really mean anything as far as my schooling went because it wasn't something that my parents were like yeah you should go into like a science or computer field, you know, as a woman. My parents were a little more conservative than that I guess, but it was like, you know, it's Mhm. I guess it's been encouraging in that way. I don't know. I feel like I'm not making any sense here, but thank you. Mhm. Yeah. It's basically it's just I don't know, I've gone back and reassess similar priorities I guess is the bottom line or it's like, you know, if that's something I enjoy doing, why not do something similar that takes those skills and it actually makes use of them. So yeah, so that kind of got me looking into other things, but like I said, it was on the whole, it's been actually a good thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: my gosh. What happened?
SPEAKER_R: knock my phone off. It's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. How long have you been using prolific? How long have you been using prolific?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, I started sometime and let's say like March, because I started seeing the post about it on, I don't know if you're on the beer money. Read it for him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually look there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I started seeing the post about that like when everybody was kind of getting more into it because like the covid stuff started. So I think I started back in March or so. It's been pretty good though. Thank you. It's
SPEAKER_L: I think I started um maybe like one or two months ago.
SPEAKER_R: or two.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know. They like they've definitely seen a surge recently. So like they've, I guess that's probably true of all the beer money sites. But honestly, like, I think this one is probably the best of all the ones that I've used just because of them are like such a grind for like so little payout. It's like, yeah, I could sit here and do you know a 20 minute survey for 50 cents, but I value my time a little bit more than that. Uh some of the, I don't know how people sit and do surveys like that all day. Honestly, it would drive me completely crazy if I had to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have seen those and those are just, yeah, they're not worth your time. And sometimes prolific has like pretty short surveys that pay pretty good. Like if you, especially if you don't have enough time, you can definitely probably do one of those.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh yeah. And if you get like the the Chrome extension thing that they've got were notified the survey that things real nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, minus actually went off. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: If you heard a little sound.
SPEAKER_R: actually mine I keep having issues with and I'm not
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: sure what it's doing but it keeps showing like the error message. Do you ever get
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: happens
SPEAKER_R: E.
SPEAKER_L: to me
SPEAKER_R: R. R.
SPEAKER_L: if I like wake up in the morning and I opened my laptop is the first thing that happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's like usually what will fix it is you just like click on it and you click sign in or whatever because you're logged out. But
SPEAKER_L: Something
SPEAKER_R: there's some reason why just it's been doing it all the time. So now I have to have like the tab open to see if anything's popped up, update something or who knows?
SPEAKER_L: usually
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. But it's been giving me issues.
SPEAKER_L: usually I just like we start my laptop and sometimes that's the issue because like I haven't really like log down in a while or or like restarted.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh yeah. It could be that I do tend to just leave this thing running all the time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too.
SPEAKER_R: and you then consider that oh, I may have to reboot this thing then. That's okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, but I have noticed that like um I guess on the beer money, read it, there have been some kind of interesting post recently, like it really is hit or miss on there whether you can get anything good, but like people putting up the stuff about that. Like was it? There was one about a voice
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: thing where you could send in uh voice samples and another one about like handwriting samples, which I've never seen before that was called label Doc or something. I don't know. I just saw
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: never heard of this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I had never seen something like that one, but I thought actually looks kind of interesting. Um and I know I actually got onto a data labeling project. That looks pretty good because of that forum, What was that called? I can't remember the name of the project for anything now. uh it went up a few days ago though they were doing on boarding uh something like $12 an hour uh potentially, so
SPEAKER_L: Elmer.
SPEAKER_R: it's actually I guess Mhm. A little better than the stuff you usually see on that forum,
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you done user testing before?
SPEAKER_R: yeah okay. You know I signed up for it, I haven't done there like try out test yet though, so I don't know what to think of it yet, Have you gotten into it or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have actually been doing like a few every week now and now I've like eventually caught up with prolific actually. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay, I have to try and do that
SPEAKER_L: he's living.
SPEAKER_R: I guess intro test uh because I don't know, I was I was seeing a lot of posts about it, but I was also seeing people put up stuff about like how they never got anything on it, so I was like, oh, I should get around to that eventually, but I don't
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: it really depends on everyone because sometimes there's like some weeks you don't get anything, but then there's some weeks you just keep getting one after another, like that happens. But
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I should stop being lazy and take that test.
SPEAKER_L: what I remember when I was first lazy with prolific and I was just too lazy to fill out the little, all the questions and the
SPEAKER_R: I know. Well, they like there's so many of those questions when you first start out, like it did take me a while to kind of work my way through those, it's just like, oh my God, they were like 100 of them or something, it felt like um But that's always the thing with like starting into a new one of the like a site like that user testing or prolific or whatever is like the setup phase is always kind of intensive. So I think well, I'm just going to have to have enough energy to push myself through this and that will be fine. I know, but it's, you know, ripping the Beer Money band Aid off. Mm. Oh that's not mm. Mhm. This computer uh Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: keeps doing weird stuff to me.
SPEAKER_L: you know if we hit the 25 minute mark yet?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I'm actually not sure
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I accidentally
SPEAKER_R: from. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: like or like head next on the link so I can't even tell if we didn't did enough minutes. I feel like we did though.
SPEAKER_R: My timer thing says 28,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think that
SPEAKER_R: like 28 20 right now.
SPEAKER_L: Good morning.
SPEAKER_R: I think it took me like a couple of minutes to get in after I opened that thing. But if it's only supposed to be 25 minutes, then like we're probably good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think so too.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, because I don't I don't think there's any like, let's say you have to Yeah. 25 min Conversation Shadow Open at All Times.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like we might have started at like, Or one or 4 to, so we should be good.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, we should be fine. Okay. Well, it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Me too.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you have a good day. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Same to you. Yeah.