Hello.
I'm sorry,
I'm doing good, how are you?
My name's Mila Nila.
Thank you.
Mm Yeah, I think me too. Um so this is like my 1st 4th time one shows up.
Um
currently not working. Um I could go back to work but I'll be taking online classes for pharmacy school. It's typically in person, but I can do remote.
it's a terrible, I actually have to finish the last day of my rotation tomorrow at a cBS and it's pretty hard. There's a lot of like standing and like like bending down, picking up things like constantly.
Yeah, that's good.
I don't think I've heard about it. Could you tell me more?
haven't really been taking any online class actually signed up for a few but I never went through with it.
Yeah. I don't alarm go off in case I forgot about this. Yeah.
I definitely would like taking online classes more like I just like um I don't have to like drive through traffic to get to class or anything.
other
day I had like a huge storm literally, it was the scariest thing I've ever driven and um there was like so much traffic but like I mean I had to go pretty slow and so did everyone else. Yeah. Honestly I couldn't even see where I was driving, it was just so bad. Mhm.
Thank
you.
Um I feel like it was a regular storm but like more severe I guess.
I actually used to live in florida
and we have a lot of like hurricanes, there's like like huge winds, like things just falling everywhere. Like I had a neighbor who's um
there was like a tree and it fell on top of her car, it was like so nasty. Yes.
No.
that's true.
Um Free time I like to do cooking um like trying different restaurants or from foods, like trying new shows. Uh Also like sometimes a little bit of gardening, it also makes sometimes karaoke as well.
Get
No.
No.
interest,
That sounds that sounds like a lot of work.
What?
Why why do you say that? Uh
What?
think
what?
Like
that.
That's really good.
You want to?
Yeah. It is. However how has it didn't like, especially since you're doing like a lot of work at home um house has that like been like because you told me that you mostly do work from home and you're all look on the computer all the time. Yeah. Yeah.
Working.
Oh I said how has
it been
like since you have like um light sensitivity, you're you're kind of like exposed to that a lot um when you're on here like we're all the time, it's like sometimes
it even get
immediate.
What?
Not
What?
You
know?
Tonight.
that's true. Uh
When you said data, what did you mean body like that?
Yeah.
my gosh. What happened?
Okay. How long have you been using prolific? How long have you been using prolific?
Yeah, I actually look there.
I think I started um maybe like one or two months ago.
No. Yeah.
Yeah, I have seen those and those are just, yeah, they're not worth your time. And sometimes prolific has like pretty short surveys that pay pretty good. Like if you, especially if you don't have enough time, you can definitely probably do one of those.
Yeah, minus actually went off. Yeah.
If you heard a little sound.
No.
that
happens
to me
if I like wake up in the morning and I opened my laptop is the first thing that happens.
Something
usually
usually I just like we start my laptop and sometimes that's the issue because like I haven't really like log down in a while or or like restarted.
Yeah, me too.
huh.
I
never heard of this.
Elmer.
Have
you done user testing before?
Yeah, I have actually been doing like a few every week now and now I've like eventually caught up with prolific actually. Yeah,
he's living.
I think
it really depends on everyone because sometimes there's like some weeks you don't get anything, but then there's some weeks you just keep getting one after another, like that happens. But
what I remember when I was first lazy with prolific and I was just too lazy to fill out the little, all the questions and the
Do
you know if we hit the 25 minute mark yet?
I feel like I accidentally
like or like head next on the link so I can't even tell if we didn't did enough minutes. I feel like we did though.
Well, I think that
Good morning.
I think so too.
I feel like we might have started at like, Or one or 4 to, so we should be good.
Me too.
Same to you. Yeah.