Hello?
I'm alright, you
Why do you say you were expecting on the show?
Yeah.
well I'm a caregiver,
I take care of old people and it's part time. What about you
melissa? Yours?
mm.
Okay
great.
it's
like a
I am
mm Actually I listen to all music if I'm one of those people that will start flipping through the stations and stuff
mm That's a hard one. Yeah.
Mm
I honestly don't know because that's really a hard one to choose. Yeah.
I
have parents.
No I have Pandora and um I
also have um Cyrus X. M. In my car.
You
pick like genres and gives you a bunch of stuff
Yeah.
Well I was it was a nice day today but and I got the gutters clean, so.
So do you write songs and music? Come on.
I,
course.
Yeah.
I
forget.
High
school. Mhm.
No, I don't. I was also in drama club
and yeah, that was basically all the electives my um school actually had, so besides wood shop and band, so yeah,
basically.
But
yeah, we baste, My drama teacher basically picked up one or two plays and yes, for the first half of the year we would practice and perform in the second half of the year, we practice the other one to perform and it was like the opera and the phantom and stuff like that. Oh
Well I was, I was into it, but I also was able to roof off a lot, so
Mhm. Right. Yeah. Okay.
That's crazy. Sorry about that. Sorry about that.
One.
No.
No.
So question. Okay. Um
do you think you can make performing and acting in an actual crew year?
And
you should really keep an eye out depending on your area, like down in Virginia. Um they have feelings and stuff where they asked
for so many people. If you go, you get paid and you're like extras. Okay.
Hopefully
you get discovered by your there.
Well, um, my school, um, basically my high school had this song because soft, No, 11 12 greatest stuff mark. And it's basically where you could take um, a lack of um, like uh college or a um trade school and they pay for it and you go over here and once you graduate um you have a degree and a job right out. So
well um the elective they basically had were um
nursing child care or a body and uh cooking and beauty school and since I really love animals and I wanted to become a veterinarian. But that was the closest thing at the time. But I kind of stuck with it. Mhm.
Well the thing is they have to do something because the area I basically lived in um was right the countryside and stuff and there's
not many jobs and stuff.
I
don't it's next to it. Um But it's not Virginia Washington D. C. Is a whole state by itself I think. Yes.
Yeah.
No.
Great.
So uh what's your favorite place that have you been?
I'm
sweet.
well. Okay. Yeah now I really like California and Oregon because it's so laid back over there. So much beautiful scenery and stuff. But yeah I've been too well I've traveled a lot in my twenties. Yeah
well me and my nail X. Um Okay
we would just take random road trips and stuff
and then after um me and him broke up I just took like a year off and just traveled more.
Right? Um Vermont um Well I was born in New Jersey but okay from new york pennsylvania and California. Pretty much the whole west coast, pretty much most of the west coast. Yeah
there's about eight states I have not been to right. Yeah.
No I was thinking I was thinking about about the pandemic and stuff. I also want to go to florida. So. Right.
Yeah.
Well
I think I know um texas has a lot of flair ground and land and I know there's a lot of tornadoes that happened. Yeah.
that
So where do you want to move to?
mm. Oh if you'd like to call the weather you could always go to Alaska. Yeah.
No but I would love to go to see the Northern Lights and Ice Hotel.
Thank you.
No that means I would need to actually get a passport and I thought it would get one but still heaven
Honestly if that was the case and I probably stop it like every country an explorer but that will never happen.
But
the
thing is um you would actually need to learn a language because um you probably want to be able to understand them if you go to another country. Yeah.
How's that working out for you
perfectly?
my
how much french did you learn? Mhm.
mm. In high school french and spanish but never use it so forgot it.
What
nope, you're gonna forget before then this
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. Okay mm that's a good one. Uh huh mm.
Maybe it'll own a home outright. Yeah.
Not yet but still saving because I'm one of these people that basically save and by everything out. Right, So I'm not in debt. What
are
you looking quite gone,
go
on.
No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
What's
that?
Yeah.
Bye
bye.
Multiple.
Who's your favorite team?
No.
Well I like the new york jets in the new york Giants.
Yeah.
you daniel. No daniel. Yeah.