right? Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Created
Hello.
Pretty good. I kind of wasn't expecting anyone to show up. So this is cool. Yeah.
I don't know. I just feel like the way they set this up, it was like, yeah, it felt like I didn't even know, I thought I was going to get an email with the link, but it showed up on prolific. So I felt like a lot of people would do the first survey and then it's not take the opportunity to actually follow up. So cool. Mm Yeah.
Okay. I read this thing one time that says every time we meet a new person, we always asked him what they do for a living. Which is like kind of sad because like what if you hate your job. So instead you should ask like what do you love to do? So what do you love to do?
I'm
Wait, I also didn't even ask your name. What's your name?
Daniel. Yeah,
nice to meet you. See, what do I love to do for a living? Maybe I should have thought about that before I ask. Um I love music, I am, I'm an actor, I love to act and doing music as well. I'm currently in college um doing
for
theater and music um land currently rehearsing for a theater show, which is cool, it's like I've never had to act well, obviously I've never had to actually a pandemic because I've never experienced a pandemic, but like to um like it's, we're having to do it outside, like we almost always do it inside the theater, like inside an auditorium, but like this is the first time ever been outside theater and we have to do it while wearing masks, which makes like articulating and like connect with people really annoying because you can see their eyes and their body language, but
it's like all my fault
and stuff. It's kind of weird. But I love theater music. My favorite genre of music is hip hop, which I like.
Everybody's always surprised by that because I'm like a middle class white guy and I kind of I'm sorry, I'm almost like a mirror. But yeah, they have. What is your favorite job here of music?
Yeah, I hear you. What's your like favorite song currently?
Okay.
And
Thing I so you see like you like flip through stations when you listen to music, what I normally do. Like I have Spotify so I haven't really listen to the radio and so long. Like what is like
one of the
this one?
Yeah.
Please. Mhm. I used to use Pandora. It's like you like choose an artist or a song and then it gives you a bunch of stuff related to that. Right.
Earth.
I see. Uh huh.
That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. So what have you been up to recently? What's going on in your life? I mean you don't have to give me super close details, but like Yeah.
The highest very day. Mhm.
I should explain that more. No, one of my roommates does actually. But um no, I and then like choral music, like Inquires. Like I started, yeah, I grew up um doing like church choir, like when my parents would take me to church
and then in middle school I joined like, I don't even know what it was called. It was like one of our electives, like
one of the fine arts classes. Mm Yeah, basically I like fell in love with it from there. So I've been doing that at since like sixth grade and then I like took that. I was like, yeah, I really like singing and I like a decent voice and like a decent ear to hear music. I took that and started doing musical theater, which I got into theater. And so that that was kind of but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Okay, I'm all right. But I mean that's something that has also like, this is like the first semester I'm currently a senior in college, my first semester of my senior year of college. And this is like the first time I haven't been
in a choir
in a long time because of the pandemic. Like our university corral is what it's called, is just doing handbills instead this year because like we don't have a way we can actually sing with each other because it's like so much, I don't know, I guess you like projectile stuff when you're saying no, but I was like, yeah, so I decided not to do it this year, but I miss it. It sucks. Have you ever done
a choir or anything like that?
Were you soprano alto? Do you remember?
mm hmm. Heh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get that. I went to a super small high school,
like in drama club, did you like put on plays or what did y'all do?
awesome. So it was like actually like a musical that you all do? Oh, awesome. Yeah. Did you like, were you like one of the kids who was super into it or were you one that was like just kind of because you had to choose an elected?
I get that. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I mean like at my high school I'm trying to, my graduating class was I think like 35 people. So it was like,
Now you're good. Um But yeah, so are all of our electives are classes were super small and like budget too. Um So I did like we had musicals, but like our school was like on the campus of a church, so it was like what we could do is super limited, like are set was just like just like 20 ft by 10 ft stage and like a church. So I guess like since I like that it made me realize like I like performing
no matter what it is because like as soon as I got to college and I saw like what
it actually looks like when you have a budget and people who actually want to do it, I was like
this is crazy. I like to do it more so Okay.
Mhm.
What an excellent question. I have been asking that of myself this whole time. It's something, I mean I've been thinking about it so much, especially now like considering what's going on in the world um and like in person stuff being limited, but I know that I want to make a run at it, like I want to actively pursue it, like if I could make a living in theater or in film or whatever um as an actor, like that would be my ideal situation. But I also know like there's so many different paths that actors go down, like I don't expect to do that right out of college. Like I know some people work as a waiter for five years or do another job for 10 years and just do acting on the side and then maybe eventually they do acting as their sole career, But I know it's super hard have to be my only source of income. So I plan to keep acting and performing in whatever capacity, but I don't know like don't expect that to be the only thing I expected
to be working different jobs there. Yeah.
this
that's what I've been like since I'm a senior, I'm like starting to get the resources for the college of like how to go out into the real world. And one of the things I keep hearing is like extra work or just like that's possible but like yeah I guess extra is just a word for it, just people to be on set and like sit there for
six hours.
Exactly. Uh Yeah, he's saying like just learn what it's like to be on set and like get an idea of what they want to view, but yeah, How did you you said you're a caretaker, how did you get into that?
that's awesome. Cool. So what was it you did you specifically choose caregiving or was it like a more general thing that you did and then you ended up getting the caregiving job?
New clothes. Mhm.
Oh by the way cool. Yeah that's the best that they had that the option to like have those programs that like set you up for success like that. That's cool. Yeah.
Well.
Mhm. Yeah that's good then. Did you say you're from Virginia? Cool. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. I am from central texas and yeah I kind of think if I've actually been reading, I visited Washington D. C. One time but I isn't that part of like Maryland and Virginia or is it
like?
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah
I like growing up my my dad had like printed out these like maps of the US for me and my sister. And like every time we would visit not even visit but like drive through a state we like go on road trips. Sometimes we like color in the map to the states we've been.
I'm trying to remember I feel like but like the last time that I was like 28 of the 50 states I think, which is pretty cool. I was like I didn't really think about it much at the time but I was like
that's pretty cool because I've done that on my own but it's like cool to think about how much of the country I've been to. But uh
oh oh that's a really good question. This wasn't a road trip. but we, when I was in like, I think I was in elementary school, we went to new york city and I just remember like being so amazing, like I heard about like how busy it was and how hectic and crazy, so I was kind of scared at first, but once we got something about it, like the field, like the environment of there being so many people and like it's so fast and huge, like just like walking down one street, you see like thousands of people and then when you think about how many other streets there
are, it's like overwhelming. But I liked it because it felt like, I don't know, it was like I was a part of something, but it was also like, you could have a sense of like being anonymous, like
you can just blend in and be part of this like bustle of the city. It was super, I want to keep wanting to go back because I was in like I was like eight years old so I want to experience it again as like 9 21 now to see him. But yeah, what about you?
Yeah, like I just feel like vacations or like for for a job or like why you're traveling?
Yeah.
Cool. Yeah, that's cool.
Oh yeah. Where did you go?
that's so cool.
Mhm. Have you been to texas?
Yeah.
Okay. Every time, I mean, I don't know growing, I've like born and raised in texas and I always here that people have this like certain idea of what texas is like. I mean I live near Austin so it's like kind of different. But did you, this is a kind of a super question. But did you always think of texas is like it's like desert with cowboys and stuff or is that just like more
maybe that's not people actually think of that.
I mean yeah that's pretty accurate. Like essential texas is considered like hill country which now that I think about it that's such a weird thing to call it but
it is really flat and like it's the only don't it's not even that italy I don't know why it's called hill country I guess maybe it's not where I live but I kind of I kind of shake up the scenery here because it's like all these like really like hearty trees and shrubs and stuff and some people really like it and that's like why they want to live here because I think it's so beautiful but I don't know I'm over it. Yeah. Yeah.
Ooh. Yeah that's a really good question. I mean I'm not like committed to staying in the U. S. To be honest. I thought yeah but I mean like I don't know what I'm doing with my life so it's not like I have a specific place I want to go. I mean like I said I really like new york and that's I mean I know there's a ton of acting stuff there. I've been to Seattle which I really liked as well so it's like complete opposites of the country. But I don't know I the only time I've been outside of the country was on a cruise to Mexico. It doesn't really count but I don't know. Yeah I do like cold weather which like living in texas like no cold weather but probably somewhere more north than this.
I've never been. Like that's one of the states I need to hit. Have you been to Alaska?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah.
I need to like make a list of things I want to see because northern lines would definitely be on that. I don't even understand what they are, but it seems super cool mom. Have you been outside the country?
Yeah. No, I get that. If you had no like limitations on like cost or like time, where would you go in the world?
Here. Yeah, I hear, you know, Yeah, I know what you mean. Like a there's just like so much that I don't know about the world because I've just grown up in America and like as americans, we just love talking about ourselves and like talking about America all the time. So I feel like my view of the world is so like small, there's so much I
could
learn.
Yeah, that's true. I, I, let's see in middle school and high school I took spanish so I'm pretty good at spanish and I just started learning french well learning, I use like dual lingo. Okay, so
I okay,
it's not the best for like actually practically learning a language, but I am, I keep
telling people that it's so stupid. I want 164 day streak of french. I just, my only motivation is keeping that streak alive at this point.
well I could, I genuinely think reading it, I can get by okay. And it's like basic stuff. If I had to like talk with someone in France, I would be done. But I can say like very stuff like I can say you should swing all like I am a man, it's maybe not that practical but I could like say I want, I was like what the weather is like, so decent amount of stuff. But yeah, have you learned any other languages?
Mhm Yeah, yeah, I know it's I know that knowing languages like would probably be useful and it's like a good skill so I'm trying to make myself learn but it's just like and in texas there are decent amount of spanish speakers but
I haven't used it that much. I just keep thinking like it'll help me down the line. We'll see.
yeah, yeah. Oh man. Yeah,
yeah, okay,
I think we have like two or three minutes left, they're supposed to Yeah. All right. What I want to ask you before we're done here. Mhm What are you excited about in the near future?
For now,
You're looking at domes?
Are
you?
I was
gonna say
are you like, do you think you're gonna like, I want to buy a home in Virginia or like somewhere around there?
um what am I looking forward
to?
Well that play that I'm rehearsing for is gonna were performing and like how soon sooner, my God, it's in like two weeks, I don't really feel ready for that would be fun actually getting to perform to theoretically a live audience they're going to I think have a socially distance crowd, so hopefully it goes well. Yeah, looking forward to that. Um Currently
in
like
the last class for my major, which is communication studies, which is like a whole other thing, but I'm like working on my final project for that, I'm sorry, getting close to the end, I think it's just so much, but I'll be excited to finish that. Um, what else? I don't know. I'm kind of a sports fan. So like a lot of sports going on right now, which
is fun baseball, especially
the Seattle Mariners, which is really depressing because they
suck. But I mean, I get to enjoy it still like even when they're out. But do you have are you in a sports? Do you have favorite teams or anything?
Mm Cool. Also kind of depressing recently, but like 10 years ago, the Giants? The Super Bowl sounds great. Yeah. Yeah, I know, man. Uh huh.
Okay. Has it been 25 minutes? All right. Do we disclose the window? All right. Well, it was nice meeting you melissa. Right. Cool.
All right, well, have a good night. Take care.