mic Check check. There we go. Like see Working time is 659 eastern new york. Yeah, I'm gonna stick around. So do so. Tyler.
I'm good. How are you doing?
I don't I'm actually looking through the instructions real quick but it just has to talk for 25 minutes. Right? So where are you in the world?
Oh, we're in texas. Okay.
I'm in New Jersey. But I I lived for about eight years in austin texas. Uh Yeah.
huh.
what
I more or less, you know, just just stay in the apartment, 99% of the time. But no. Uh just like the rest of America. It's you know, it seems like people can't can't stay isolated too long and things are opening up and yeah. Yeah.
Well, we'll see. We'll see what
happens.
What?
Yeah, I'm at least at least.
But Hey, we'll see what happens with the vaccine.
Have you have you been tested yet for corona? Have you gotten us by anything?
It's a bitch. Let's stick it all
like scratching your brain. Never. And the worst part is that after it stops hurting, it gets a little itchy and there's uh there's no way uh
you know you do what you can. Yeah.
What's
that?
Excellent.
I actually uh stay with my mother. I came back to the US from living abroad and it's so sad to stay with her. Found a job in new york. And yeah, I've just been doing the it was fun. I was already doing the whole isolation if you will not. I don't really party uh was new to the city, so not too many friends is just like cool, I'm going to work, I'm here to make money. Yeah. That's it. That's Yeah, so the corona just made it even easier, right? Just put
your head down.
I was in kenya, uh, Nigeria. So I, I used to, I used to just jump around africa building small companies and selling them. Uh, and then, uh, I had to come back to take care of some family, decided to stay and yeah, uh, yeah, I'm honestly good timing, right? Because like, as bad as we're handling it, the third world is handling it one. Yeah,
no,
I've definitely heard of that. I haven't seen it. Yeah, I, if you ever get the chance, I
would.
I mean, so, so potentially when things open up, uh, because you know, they're gonna have pretty cheap flights because they'll be desperate to get people in the air. All right.
Yeah. But yeah, kenya is, um, it's, it's something else. I, I, if there's anywhere to go that's obviously like, so there's this, there's this trope in african culture where you're born or your family is from a village in the, in the, in the country somewhere and you go to the main, the big city that mostly Nairobi to work and you get enough
money to buy a house back in your village and then,
you know, uh so when everyone, I asked me like, oh, you know, like, why did you come back to the U. S. If you love it in africa so much? And I was like, well, so I tell them about that story and I'm like, well for me as an american, like new york is the big city and Nairobi is my country home and I'm just, I'm just here working until I can retire back
and
exactly.
Just build a nice little villa and you know, just clung to just close the doors to the property and just be like that's my tomb the rest of the world you know like I don't care who's elected what like fuck it
one.
Do
you do you have you have you had any considerations towards your retirement and what it might look like?
Mhm.
What?
The cops.
I'm
sorry. Yeah I'm sorry. The
hopefully we'll be making some progressive strides towards things
like
universal basic income. That's
good.
Yeah it reminds me of um there's like this famous like like you know talk with Obama where he was like I called the president of china and we were talking you know for the first time and I was like you know my greatest fear is that the issue of the war that we have going on in the Middle East what is your greatest fear? And he was like oh I need jobs because
every year 40 million Chinese men hit the job market, graduating from whatever 40 million new jobs, they're gonna sit around getting angry at me. Uh So like yeah technology is great but all these robots and stuff that are coming around, that's a lot of people sitting
around getting angry.
No
Or even writing
a book that nobody he wasn't written. Yeah exactly. I have
100% with you. Um And it's just uh it's interesting to see that you read all these like
storybooks, watch all these movies where evil loses out or whatever. And it was interesting to see like in the real world like actually uh it's a it's a winning strategy like
it's crazy to think that we you know we could have things like you be I we could it's perfectly within our reach. It's not like some crazy dream we
have.
Girl.
I mean uh november 3rd right? On october 20th. If you're, if you're voting by mail,
Which is definitely
not going to happen.
You
know? I think, I think that's like the one play that I think the world is holding their breath like let's say, you know, even he loses any refuses to leave. Like
that's really where we see where our military like, like that's gonna be the greatest moment of crisis for our military. Will they do what they're supposed to do or will that? Yeah.
Our neighbors are, yeah.
The
greatest pleasure I get these days is thinking about the army of lawyers that are just waiting for him to not be president anymore and just hair tear into him. Uh
That would be one.
What
do
you think?
What?
yeah, I love it.
Yeah. I mean there's something to be said for forcing everyone of your citizens to have like at least a year of civic duty, right? Like
everyone needs to work minimum wage for a year. Everyone needs to work for the government for a year. Everyone you know like, like you need some
perspective.
exactly.
What?
Use
that.
It's even more like the dude like, like you could give
them what they want and you wouldn't even notice. You wouldn't even notice
like
on
no.
Well the
point. So
just these. Yeah. Well speaking
of spending money, uh what do you do with your money? From prolific.
Have
you, I would recommend a few other websites that you can pull in chickasha. So there's three that are really, really good. One is called user
nerve use dot com
interviews dot com. Right?
Mhm.
And then there's another one called respondent dot io
And then the last one is hive mind got zone.
So, so these three sites are, are different from prolific and mturk. So what they do is you'll submit small applications for different studies
and the application will take you like 23 minutes to fill out. If you get selected
for those studies, uh, you get interviewed over zoom for an hour and you get paid 60 to $120 an hour. Yeah. Just
just to talk about, you know, like, Hey, I'm a mother honestly like, like you see a lot like for, for mothers of, of of a certain age or mothers of toddlers, et cetera because you don't want to know what you guys are, the ones who have been buying everything right? You
purchase decision makers? Uh
Do you have the google chrome add on that alerts? You want new? Okay, cool. Yeah.
Do you, do you report them? Do you contact prolific? They're very good about that actually.
interesting. I remember doing esoteric but remembering it was, it was like way too too little for what they were trying to get you to do prolific. Like, like I think that's prolific. The whole thing is that they're there.
Uh If you do, did you still do graphic art, do you still keep up with that?
You
know you can you can totally sell that skill online to write and make
some,
use up work upward dot com. It's
upward dot com removes that issue. They no way that they they it's very very very hard to get out of paying. It's almost impossible. Uh
They provide a whole host of legal options and their fee is actually things like 2%. So it's like a very small fee.
And like
no
that's
do everything that asks you to pay anything. So you just make it make your make your profile like you make on linkedin or on facebook, you write about the things that you do initially you're going to set your price probably a little bit lower than other people who do the same work
reviews.
Like I guarantee you that like out of 100 people, at least 60, 70 people will go to upward first if they need somebody. Yeah.
I'm
what?
my mind.
you know, okay, so I don't know if it's if I can do it this week,
but within the next week and a half I can set you up with an interview that will pay out at least $100 an Amazon gift card. Yeah. Uh So if you can give me your email address, I can because I I recently took part in a study for gig workers. It's this
research firm that's researching new products for gig workers who have unstable
financial income every month.
And I know they're looking for like edge cases and you won I think you're going to be a slightly older demographic as well as someone whose whose needs are a bit more extreme and and really feels. Yeah I think I think you make it great but I'll connect you to them and they'll let you for an interview and you can try it out. Uh
D
Well
And I k okay
at Hotmail dot com.
Yeah I'm harming nice to meet you
harman. Yeah. Uh Yeah so just D. T. I. T. U. N. I. K. At Hotmail dot com.
Great. Yeah I'll set that up for you. Um,
promise you this will be even easier money than interview. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh So I um I used to just make uh we might have seen this in texas. Have you seen a there's a lot of businesses where they're trying to get people to eat bugs. There are,
yeah. So all those bugs came from my company, I built this company that make uh it was kind of weird and wacky and then I turned that into just generally making companies. Uh and you know, you know, somebody who was building a company invited me out to East Africa to help them. I fell in love with the with the country and yeah, three months became five years and then
unfortunately like, like outside of specifically for
poor countries in those situations, it doesn't make a lot of sense. It's actually not that yeah, very expensive to do, especially in the US uh
I yeah,
it's
almost entirely white women and whole foods buyer like from.
but yeah, so so
But yeah, then, you know, just uh you know, while I work my normal job, you know, I'm trying to get yeah, now is the time to get as much cash as you can, right? Uh And so you know,
uh so I I help with some research studies before, so I learned about all these different websites that we used to find people from, so I was like, well if I know about them, I can get on them,
that's why I have such like a list ready to go, I'm like, these are the best ones to go to. Yeah. So yeah, so I would uh I highly recommend checking those those
those.
What?
I mean this is um there's no there's no company loyalty anymore. Yeah,
they'll get
rid of being
if they can do to get rid of you had a heartbeat, if it seems. Yeah.
No.
So Yeah, well, I don't know if uh talk to my mom about how bad things are getting, I'm like, look, if if trump wins another term, like really somehow, somehow like you
can
so I was like, you can you can you can get me married to a girl in Canada and I'll just I'll just move like,
like, you know,
at that point, like
upon this country. So
mean some of these people though, I don't know if I want him in this country, so maybe, you know, uh we'll see, we'll see.
apprentice or something.
What?
I woke
up?
Well,
Well, could be worse. So Deborah, please look out for my email. Sorry.
I
believe.
Yes. Not not that is a wonderful chatting with you I'm just gonna run to
Best
of luck and yeah I I promise you I'll reach out in the next 1 to 2 days and get you
Have
day.
How well do?
Absolutely.