Right. Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing well. Um I have no idea what we're supposed to be chatting about, do you?
I'm in texas.
Where are you?
I actually, I grew up in michigan, get a sister that lives in new york. I love that city. Uh
So what do you uh are you isolated now with
the virus or?
Uh
They're
too
soon here. We're and our governor really screwed up. It's a mess right now, I mean they're talking it could be a year,
it's not.
Yeah, fingers crossed. But that also takes a lot of time, interesting
now. Have you?
Earth
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I haven't really had any reason to, I've pretty much stayed isolated for
the last
four months and no symptoms
seems kind of pointless right now. You got family or you live with somebody or you by yourself?
That's
what, that's a good way to look at it I guess. Where were you living abroad?
They have much less resources than we do.
I wanted to visit kenya since I was a little girl and saw the movie Born Free. I don't know if you've never heard of that movie but
it's
on my list but you know I'm old and poor so very likely not to happen but yeah.
possibly. You never know.
Well
instagram.
Get
enough money for your country home. Yeah.
Yeah.
it
would be nice not to have to worry about all that stuff. I mean I have friends that are retiring overseas because it's just so expensive to live here. It's a lot cheaper. My sister spent a year in Zambia. Her her husband was work with the U. N. She she
got,
well it's not happening basically. Um I
was let go from my job when I was over 50 and I work in graphic arts. So you can imagine how you just, I'm
also partly disabled so I'm basically scraping by now
and I you know I used my retirement money to survive. So. Yeah it just does not
happening.
No
this
is
that would be yeah. Especially when you know when they're making they're getting rid of so many jobs with technology and you know the technology is great but unless they do something so people can actually survive uh
just replacing jobs and having more poor people is not the best idea.
What?
lot of work.
And the thing is you know you know a lot of people say universal income will make people lazy, they won't do anything. And the thing is a lot of people do lots of volunteer work. They do lots of stuff that they don't have to do. It's not like there may be a small portion of people that will use that to just be lazy or whatever.
The majority may actually like instead of going to a job they hate every day, they might like actually do things that they enjoy that are helping other people or taking care of the environment.
Great. Thank you.
quote.
it's
yeah, it's and these are very these are scary times,
But
then yeah, very wealthy, very bad people that don't want that to happen. And right now, you know, I'd just like to you know, not have secret police
on the streets or you know the military being called out on our streets and all that stuff and you know, for president to not encourage people to shoot protesters or not wear masks. I want that man out of office.
All right, well, yeah, he's trying to stop that mail voting saying. And apparently today he also made a suggestion about postponing the election
place.
Yeah, he he can't do
that.
do that.
I think the majority will. I think the people that he's called out are like the worst divorced. It was like my son just got out of the navy and there is I mean he is no way supporting this person and there is absolutely no way he would be okay. And him and his buddies will be oh sure let's go shoot. You know, people that don't want you.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's insane. I think he knows he's gonna lose, which is why he's like talking about things like maybe we should get Congress to postpone this.
It's like no,
I
mean my dream and of course it's not realistic because presidents
next
presidents
can get away with a lot. But my dream is for a class action lawsuit from all
of the people in this country who have because of his mishandling of the whole pandemic thing, sue him for you know, having to stay indoors, more, losing business is losing. And just
and and let him then be a poor person in America and see how much he enjoys surviving that. That would be, that's just like all those republicans who don't want to raise the minimum wage. I I just wish one would accept the challenge to live on minimum wage for just a month, right? For a month, they wouldn't last a day,
I'm fine.
so
you can understand right?
And it's insane these people that oh, poor people want too much and okay. And you are flying around in your private jet and all this stuff and
you're telling us that we should, we should accept having less like um maybe not being able to feed our Children. Yeah.
Because
your private jet is more important than feeding a child.
Look,
Actually
look for them. Have more money they could then they could spend in
10 lifetimes.
But it's, it's the idea of having all of those numbers in their bank account is what they care about and having more numbers than somebody else, which
is
ridiculous.
It's solid
survive basically. It's, you know, that's so I can buy groceries, things like that. Do prolific and mturk
because
or
what's it called? User
interviews dependent, worse. Mhm. Uh
huh. Okay.
Yeah. The respondent. I Oh, okay.
Yeah. Okay. Good to know because
It's
It's
wow.
Bye bye. Isolation.
Yeah. Yeah. I wish this was around when my kids were young but available because you know, I wanted to stay home with them and there's so many that are guided, you know, that are really for, you know young mothers and my kids are all grown up. But I'm sure there's other opportunities and prolific I just found recently it's so much better than enter. It's like
The problem is there's so much competition, competition if there is a high paying one, if you don't grab it right away, you lose this, you don't really have time to look it up. And I mean just this last week, uh three times I've either not gotten the confirmation number at the end of my computer's just jumped me off and two of those were for $5.1 was for six, you know, always the high paying ones. It's like, okay, I just spent an hour doing this and now you're telling me too bad, so sad, we have the information, but you know, we're not going to compensate.
Oh no, this was on mturk, well I'm injured and they do nothing. I tried them once. They're like, well you can contact the the, you know, person attached to the survey. Yeah, right? Like they're really going to do it.
they have to pay a decent amount. Which that's that's one of the reasons why, you know, as soon as I heard about it, I signed on because you know, There's so much, you know, they take so much advantage on them turk. Like they had one where they were going to pay, you know, like 20 cents to design a logo for them. And it's like I'm a professional graphic artists And I could have, you know, gotten that. But I just to me, it's just morally repugnant for me to do that for 50 cents. It's like, that's ridiculous. That's just a way to exploit people.
Yeah. I do like in volunteer work. I still do the card. I do. I've done book covers for my friends and I I do like the E blasts and uh the letter from my synagogue and things
like that.
I've
tried like I tried um first some some check like that, you know, set you up with stuff like that. The problem is they don't do anything if the other person says not to pay you. Oh
What kind of information to this? Great. Okay. Upward.
Yeah.
That's not bad.
And you know like some tech makes you pay up front like if you like you have to pay to be able to respond to somebody looking for something
and then if it doesn't work out you still paid for it. It's
like okay. Yeah.
Of course
because you want to get a clientele and review things like that.
Great. I have
definitely looked that up because
you know making, making you know next to nothing is very stressful. And you know when you do get work, you know, not only do you not get a minimum wage, you don't get, you know you can't be sick or you can't have a weekend or you know like you have to work Constantly everyday 10 hours a day. So much for us. You
know people being lazy. She
it's.
And
so
No. Perfect.
Uh My email is the letter D. As in dog
and D. As in dog M. T. Is in time
I. T. Again? You N. I. K.
Dot com.
Oh and my name is Deborah. You did you get
I'm sorry what was your name again?
That's correct.
Oh awesome. Well it's really turning out right because that would be that would be very nice. I'm right now I'm I'm ready to uh uh trying to get on a thing where it's testing any depression medication. Um So but in the meantime I have to get off my transit on that I use for sleep. So I'm gonna be very foggy brained. Then you don't know if you get the actual medication or the sugar pill but dollars every time you have to go in for you know, to be assessed the things we do. Yeah.
Yes. Okay.
That's very cool. So how did you end up uh what what is your business and how did you end up in africa?
I like seeing stuff like that on television.
Well no, it actually hurt me, you know, like myself would be very reluctant to buggy eat, but you know, I've heard that like they're making, they're using like Locusts and things like that to make flour for people that you know live in an area where protein may not be available so that they're getting, you know that for health reasons, particularly important countries. I mean it could be a life saver. Absolutely. Yeah.
You
I can't imagine that would be a big seller.
Like I made that brenna walker's flower.
I think
baby, baby I
or even, you know, well I'd be too expensive to be a good option for four people here that may not. Yeah.
My Charles. Right.
You can get on them.
definitely.
Well, yeah, because like, I mean I just, a lot of the ones like mturk are basically the modern day sweatshop, you know, you're, you're, you're totally underpaid with no benefits and then, you know, they can decide that to pay you or whatever and you have no recourse,
you know, trying to privatize everything they want to turn our whole economy into sort of a gig economy these days. Yeah, it's like like we don't have enough income inequality going hot as it is.
No, no,
it
was
It happened to my daughter like she had been a manager at a furniture company in michigan, which is
where I'm originally from and you know, and she had managed therefore stores and they sent email telling them we're shutting down and then to even get any severance, they had to work and all of the, you know, closing sales and all that. And this was right when the virus came out. So she ended up getting Covid because he was forced to like all these crowds of people trying to get and that was all she got. I mean, there were no retired, they took everything else away because they declared bankruptcy. So it's like, you know, if you want any kind of severance, you gotta do this. Otherwise, you know, you're out on the street with nothing. It's like, you know, and she worked there for, you know, 12 years. Okay. Show how bad we can treat people.
he
wasn't supposed to win last time, so yeah, I'm not I'm not going to be confident until it's over.
course.
No,
lot of people are thinking that, I mean
where would we go? Because I mean I feel like he's trying to start a civil war with what the stuff he's doing crucial.
Well yeah, but his his followers are crazy too. I'm just I'm just hoping that there are very, very loud minority. These people that trump support, you know, support him, no matter what. I don't think that everybody that voted for him may have felt that way. I think it just it was just they wanted change. Yeah. They weren't smart enough to see that this guy is not just another person that might change things that he's like a like okay, it's because even my my oldest daughter supported him in the beginning because you know, I'm from the whatever that tv reality tv show he had or admire people like remember what it's called?
Yeah, something like that because she's very into business and you know, she's really good at all that kind of stuff. And so when when he first came in she said I like trump. I'm like Tara do you realize that he's a racist, like a total racist? Because she's also mixed. She like, yes, I'm like yes, and that's you know, and and he's there and and more really? And then then she started listening to and she's like, oh my God there's
not, you
know?
So I mean a lot of people just know from tv and thought, oh yeah, he's going to make things better. Mhm. Didn't do their homework and
then Hillary didn't really try hard enough. I mean, she I was very upset with her because it's like, ok, you need the rust belt to win. So disrespect them by picking a pro white right to work, Vice president and then refused to campaign and still expect them to vote for you. I mean, I blame her as much as anybody else for for what we're stuck with today.
I'm not. So we dinner 25. What
was
it? 25 minutes. Oh
I know there's there, believe me. I I know there's stuff to do. Well, it was great talking to
you.
Thank you. And I've got these new things to look at to thank you
so much, Your
mama hog
already