Oh, okay, mm, mm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. People. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Zero risk stuff like the woman requires a sports, looks like the work tracking, casino, sports book, all sunday long A cbs on the community today. Your home is more important than ever. That's why agencies like C I am high.
How
are you?
I'm good. I just got home from work. What about you
figure?
in the afternoon or in the morning?
do you live?
Oh well, I'm kind of jealous. I'm in Illinois. I
thanks.
Really. What town
I live
north of Chicago by like 40 minutes. I'm in one of the northwest
suburbs.
So yeah. How did you end up in Hawaii?
limit.
you stuck there now?
Possibly?
It wouldn't be. But what will it be like trying to get, are you coming back to Illinois?
Do they
have any restrictions?
Well,
yeah, it's like um, if you're coming back in to Illinois, I guess you have to quarantine where you are, like, you'd have to quarantine for two weeks where you are, and then when you come back home you have to quarantine, it's kind of kind of ridiculous. I'm Christie by the way from you to
introduce myself.
Say that again,
Milan? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
How long have you been doing stuff on, prolific?
Okay, so a few months? Yeah, I think I've probably been on, I want to say I've been on for at least a year now, it feels like that. Um But I like it, it's one of the one of the better survey
sites, and I like it because most of them are academically based, as opposed to some of those other ones. I mean you're spending many of many, like an hour and then you get uh screened out after you've
already wasted
your time for like
So uh yeah it's
uh prolific has been much better. And
I've done
I've done this chat thing This will be my 7th time. No 6th. Excuse me. You're allowed to do it seven times now. This is my sixth time. Um
I get
to put
through.
Yeah well no six times total for for however long they've been doing it. I don't know but they I only was able to do it because they bumped it up to seven so yeah. How about you? Is this your first time or have you done it before?
Okay. Have you have you met nice people?
I haven't had that happen either. Everybody has always shown up and we end up on a subject where it's pretty easy to just keep talking so you know that's good. Um Are you an animal person?
All right. Well, my my one of my jobs that the one I just came home from his petsmart. Um So I encounter lots of of animals, but and I've had them all my life, but as an adult, I've settled on cats to have in the house with me. Um So that's just that's me now, but now for the first time and I don't know how many years. Um I only have one, But I'm not
gonna
get any
more
because she's she's 19.
What can you hear? Mhm. Can you hear it? Can you see, are you still there? Can you see me? Yeah, I don't know what to do when there's a a video error, do you? Yeah, mm hmm. What do you do if there's a video error? Can we go out and come back? Hold on. Yeah. Yeah.
Are you there? Can you see me? I just think
yeah what do you do? I didn't know what to try.
I went to the, well I could tell we weren't seeing each other. I went to the other tab to find out. Well what do you do if something goes wrong? But I didn't see
anything. It's just that, you know. Um But anyway I'm glad I'm glad that works just in case they try it again.
But.
Mhm. Um anyway yeah so I'm a cat person in my adult life. My kitty is 1919 and a quarter years old so I won't adopt another one. I'll leave her have her happy life and then for as long as she wants and the my her nephrologist recommended that I didn't get another
one just because it could tip the balance. You know and she is the kind that seems to be perfectly happy by yourself. Um Now me I'd like some more kitty
energy around but you know, but that's okay. Um She's a sweetheart, so and so you have a toy poodle? Do you have more than
one?
Mhm.
it was okay.
Well at least it was some incentive
and you know, I think it just depends on the animal because I had a 16 year old many years ago and um when his partner passed away I didn't want him to be by himself and so I did get another cat and they were fine, you know, but but you know it's a different cat, it's
a different age, you know, so and she just like uh but just over a year and a half ago she lost her sister Just before since returned to 18. So in in about a six week period of time, my daughter and her roommate moved out of the house, took the two younger cats with them,
and and my kitty's sister dies, so she lost to humans and three cats in six weeks, it was a lot, you know, so and she seems to be doing really well right now with her various ailments, so I don't want
to rock the boat, you know? So, um but so instead I feed the feral cats that are outside and one of them is friendly, so she lets me pet
her and everything. So I'm so tempted because she's actually let me pick her up and I've been so tempted to just pick her up, bring her inside. Okay, your mind, you know, but I can't do that to mine, so
I won't, and plus she's used to being outside, You just never know what problems you'll invite
by trying to force a funeral outside cat to be indoors so
might be
problematic.
Oh he's got he's polly dactyl. He has an extra job. I love
them. I used to have one a long
time ago.
They're cool. Yes,
I loved
her big feet.
More
more yes.
Well
it is interesting with their big feet, you know, they can, they can pretty well. Um Yeah, it's been a gosh. I was in college when I had my colleague dr kitty. His name was Sam. He was awesome. So um so are you enjoying your vacation?
Do you have your dog
with you
on vacation?
Okay. Well at least that's less expensive than getting a caregiver it was unless your mom's
charging you.
Okay. Well that's good. I mean that's pretty high up the list. So do you live in Los Angeles proper or in the area
around?
I'm a California girl. I grew up in California but much further north I lived in um like santa's a santa clara Fresno in that area. I went to school at U. C. Santa Barbara. So
what
great school really close to the beach.
It's a it was really really nice. Um And of course the only reason I was able to do it is because I was a resident you know and it was a state school so why not? You know? And uh but it was beautiful. Great great thing. And uh where do you go to school? Did you go to a university
somewhere?
We
I made a college visit with my son when deciding what where to go. He ended up a little north of there in normal at Illinois wesleyan. So but we went down to the University of Illinois huge
campus. It would and the day that of course we went there in august
and it was so, oh it's hot. But um, what's your degree
in?
Yeah. So what do you want to do work in a big tech company?
What
does machine learning mean? Computer machine or machine
machine other
machines?
Computer
machines.
Is
it programming?
Is
it
true?
Um, I recently um I have a shop on Etsy and recently I decided I just for maybe one month because I can't really afford any more than that I would do their etc ads and what they do is they try and optimize, you know they they send out impressions of the various listings that you have and then if anybody clicks and visits your shop then you're charged for, you know, that that click and visit. And I had asked, I had asked them a question because the numbers didn't match, like the number of clicks. They said didn't match what was in the list. And they said, well, that was because one of them's a bought that, and I said, well, what's that and that, you know, they were trying to explain that to me and how the whole predictive analytics was working and you have to let it go for a longer period of time because if you stop and start it, because I was going to like turn it on for three days, turn it off for three days. And she said, don't do that because it starts over again, you know, But so I don't understand a whole lot about it, but I got I got a little bit and hopefully they know what they're doing um because it's and I I only gave him a dollar a day budget, I like my stuff, isn't that expensive, I'll have to sell several to even pay myself back, you know? So
but but that's it's really interesting.
oh, cat mats,
I'll
show you crinkle mats, I happen to have them here because I'm still listing all of them, so you see how they, you hear that. So they crinkle and I make all the parts, I make all the fringe and do all components of
it and they're filled with grocery bags and you know, like when you open your cheerios, that waxy bag, I save all that stuff, so there's a layer of the waxy bag and there's grocery bags, Then there's a big handful of catnip because I grow that and and then sew it together and I've been doing them for like 10 years. But at this time of year I usually get to go to the craft shows and that's where I make a ton of money all at once because I'll do I'll sell like 15 or 20 of them at a shot and we can't do that now because they're all cancelled. So That's why I thought, well I'll give this, etc add a thing a try. Um but probably not more than a month because $30 is a lot, especially if it doesn't generate any revenue. So, but the, the concept of the, you know, the predicting and sending ads out and trying to optimize when and where is interesting, but I haven't a clue how they do it. So good. Good for you to understand it.
Uh huh. Yeah. Well, I hope that you're able to get gainfully employed
when you're done.
Are
you going for a PhD or you're gonna do a master's first as a stepping stone to the to a doctorate?
True.
Did it did it do you think it it all depended on what his dissertation topic was and how he had to defend it because maybe it wouldn't be the same for you if it was a different topic, different defense you know?
Oh well that's kind of that's kind of cool though at least you've got goals now. Is is um is your master's program going to be all remote?
Okay. Yeah well I guess even if you even if you had chosen that you would have been stuck
with it anyway but at least it doesn't stop your educational process you know?
Um because it.
the college experience is just not not anymore. 11 gal young girl that I work with at Petsmart, she's a freshman and she ended she went to school the first week or whatever and they had to wait for their covid tests and all that to come back and then they ended up having to go home and she ended up staying home. She said it's just not it's just not the you know what I wanted and so she ended up staying back at home again. I mean she gets to earn some money now at the same time but still you when you go to college you kind of want that college experience. Um So um so how much time left do you have on your on
your trip?
nice, that's
good.
So
you can go around.
I've only been wherever the main airport is.
I think it was the main, yeah I think that's the only place in Hawaii had been not
the airport
but that that island um it was gorgeous I mean I've only been there once and at the time I was married and um my husband then had like business meetings and things like that so I spent a lot of time like walking up and down the beach and stuff like that and I was perfectly
content with that and and then like some of the sellers that stand on the street with their birds and you know of course they want you to pay money to take a picture of the bird. No that's okay but I can stand there and admire them
but it's and have you had any like really bad weather
there?
mm I think most of the trouble right now is in the in the east the hurricanes and things
like that. No fun. Yes. Yeah they got we had a really bad like lightning and really heavy rain and everything last
night and it was supposed to get really cold but it's not that bad not right now it's still like forties mid
forties
But that's like a it's a 20 something degree drop from what it's been for a week. It was in
the 70s for a week
and it wasn't even humid. I mean you know that's
pretty
in Illinois to you know to have seventies and not much humidity. Uh Anyway so what do you think of the whole covid crisis? I mean it's getting worse
according to the news tonight. That was pretty
dire.
vote for the results.
and so when you quarantine is that in your hotel?
Oh that's good. Now at an Airbnb is the owner is
still there or by
yourselves?
Mhm. I'd be
so scared I thought about that. But how do you know what people I mean if when they're if they're lucky they get people like you they'll you know be respectful and and appreciate the place and leave it like you found it and all that but I've heard some really bad stories and I would be so scared to um let somebody in and then you just don't know what's happening.
But I'm glad that you had good luck and it's nice to be on your
own as opposed to having to be in a hotel, especially for your length of time because you're getting to spend a long time there.
so?
Mhm. Okay so they do have somebody kind of close to keep an eye on things. That makes sense. I mean if it
were me I would to definitely. So what's next for you when you're done?
Could I interrupt you for half a second? It's the vet. I really need it. Hold on blow. Hello? Hi. Thanks for calling. I didn't expect you to call. Um I found on amazon ones that say six. See the ones that I saw that say 30 C. There in either multiple packs like five or more or they're going to take like two weeks to come. So I was wondering what does the C. Mean? And is a six something where I could just multiply by five and get the same result. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Oh, whole foods. I live in wheeling. Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I know where whole foods is and then I need to stick to 30 C. What's the c. scan for? Yeah. He was born. Okay. And is all right. The and the brand name I found was Boeri in B. O. I. R. A. N. Is that All right? Okay. Okay. All right. Cool. Um, I read through her, she except I stopped at the water and then I called and I um, I just had them tell you to correct the water just in case insurance is paying attention. Anyway. Um, I will let you go. I'll look for it. I'll stick with 30 and I'll figure out something. I might have to call and tell ask you to order it, but I'll try and find it Because 80 because it's like 80 of those little things and that would last forever. Just so just for one thing I don't want to get I don't yeah, I don't want to get five vials, okay? All right, thank you. Okay, I will. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. Sorry. It's a cardinal rule of mine. If the vet calls I gotta
answer, she would. Um, so my cat luna goes to acupuncture every two weeks. That was her acupuncture doctor. And um she's been having a higher thyroid level and maybe is a little bit more bloated. And so she was telling me about this homeopathic remedy and she gave me what it was and everything. And so I course trot home, look it up on amazon And it's all sold in multiple packs, you know, like I've never even tried it before and she will have to take a minuscule amount. I don't really want to buy five vials of something, you know? And and so I saw one that said six instead of 30 and she said well it's interesting and it's confusing But six is actually more concentrated so she wants me to stick to the 30.
And uh so anyway I would have I might have pressed her a little bit more, but I felt bad being on the phone, but she said that if I still have trouble to just call back again so you know, I'll do that another time. But yeah, so I'll be shopping on amazon again tonight. I just wanted to start her on it right away and like the one the ones where it says there's a single, which is all I want, it's like taking a week,
maybe I'll even have to just do that. I mean I know it's not two days you get
spoiled
with that amazon prime,
you know, so a week really, d'Arnaud, um but I might just have to do that because at least I would get it and I don't have to go driving all around and and you know, it's not that long I guess,
I
don't know, it does, yeah, you just get used to stuff and even, well for a while they're at the very beginning of all the whole pandemic stuff, even amazon was slowing down a bit, but I don't, I think they must be okay now because everything I've ordered recently has has come like right away,
so that particle yeah. Um do you have prime? So you're used do you use other features of prime, like the videos and some
of that other
stuff?
Oh, nice, Okay, I know, I can order off amazon fresh and where I am in Illinois, it works. It's weird though because it's not all over my son can't get, he's in colorado, he can't get amazon fresh, but he can get whole foods, so they have both. So, so that part's nice. Um that's the other place. She told me to go to his whole foods. I should look, I should look to see if there's a listing there, but um but you have to spend 35
and I don't typically spend that much money at one shot on groceries these days, but it's only me, you know? Um and whole foods is a little bit pricey. Um
I can get, I can get kind of the same stuff for a lot less money elsewhere, you
know? But anyway, so uh let's see, pick something. I
think I just hit a wall.
Mexican.
The mexican hairless
the suspect.
There's
no dander. Well, it doesn't have for it's naked there.
I mean, initially when you look after him, it's like, whoa! But I felt them, I pet them before and they're so soft and you can of course you can see every little wrinkle
you know
because it's on your cats for, you know. Uh But I don't know of any, there there are a couple of breeds that are like hypoallergenic, kind of like to go to. The golden doodle dog is supposed to be hypoallergenic. There's a cat breed that's like that and I don't know if it's Himalayan or ragamuffin or one of those um You might be able to find it through google. Um But I'm pretty sure that there is one, I just don't remember off the top of my head.
it
is.
Okay. Mhm. No. What are they? How do you spell that? I'll
google it.
Mhm. Okay. Oh I know, I'm going to google that
when we're done
to find
out. What
what
is
it? Is it supposed to be? Really?
I wonder
what
yeah all all google that. If I if I were ever going to get a pure bred cat and I probably would never get a pure bred because I always get rescues but the bingle
is
like 11 generation removed from the wild ones And um they're just they're smart and they're big and they're gorgeous.
I would love one but you know, I'm not gonna spend three or $4,000 on the cat when there's one sitting in a shelter that's going to get killed. That I could save.
That's just how I'd rather all about it, you know? Um Or even if it's a regular shelter that is no kill the more you adopt from them then they go to some of the other ones that are kill shelters and grab a bunch and keep them at their rescue. So one way or another they're getting a better
life I would hope. But
I don't know if I have, if I ever won the lottery. I think I'd like to set up one of those like cat cafes
where the cats are roaming now and you know the patrons can come in and visit with them and decide who to adopt and you know, do it that way. That would be so
fun.
But
I have to play the lottery to win it and I haven't been playing. So do you have you did you play the lottery when you were in Illinois? Did you ever get
puritan?
I haven't done it. Um My husband used to do it all the time. I mean I still remember the numbers he chose every single time. I don't know if he still plays but you know it's like you win a couple of bucks here there and that's about it. But um boy it would be fun.
Um Do you watch reality tv
any of it?
About Survivor Amazing Race or Big
Brother?
Mhm. Did you did you did you watch part of the the all Stars?
Uh Yeah. Um I liked Case
lot. Uh It was a very interesting season. I mean I watched the whole thing just because I was in a pool you know we were picking winners and everything. I did not win uh higher than I thought but then I had picked up I picked them slight unseen or I didn't know much about them and then as the game went on I thought now I really wish I wouldn't have picked him. I don't like him as much more other people, but I still watched it. Um And Survivor I'm addicted to and very disappointed that they can't film, you know, And now, I mean they're supposed to be able to start filming whatever this coming spring and maybe they won't. And um and it's all because of the restrictions in Fiji they have to like pass some, I don't know, Minister of Health or whatever governs what they do. And they rent out this whole Place for like six months because they film two seasons, they help fill them back to back And so I guess they just don't have approval to do it. So it's like I went on CBS all access because I was getting it free for a while. And I caught up. I watched all every season like while I watched 37 of them because I had already watched, you know, I started watching it late so it was fun to watch the very beginning like Season one completely different game. I mean it was more, I don't know, it's like their their job, it was more junglee and some of the things that they did seem more integral to what the landscape was and now it's really morphed into something different, you
know?
But
have you watched Amazing Race before?
challenge that sounds familiar. Was that an Amazon
one
on
MTV?
Mhm I'll look it up in the search and see because I know I get I don't watch MTV because I never think about turning it there, but if I have something to look for,
I can, you know? Yeah, um I only started watching Amazing Race like maybe a year ago because I started watching it briefly and I thought oh they do some kind of cool things you know and they go all over the world and they have all these challenges that they have to do and some of them are pretty interesting. So another one I
get
hooked on, you know, it's
terrible
like tv so much you know.
It is. Um Anyway um well even if you take away the time that we that I was on the phone and thank you for indulging me and letting me talk
about
that. Um we were 25
so if you need to go we can go and it was
fun.
It was nice to meet
you. Yeah, we'll have a really good rest of your trip and good luck with your
studies
success on
that Master's degree.
Well
we'll
do it. You'll definitely
do
it. Mhm.
Thank you. I'll talk to you. Well I won't talk to you again. It was been nice and if you want to if you want to find out what
I do. My shop name is spooked. Blue fib. Oh spooky luna Fido sambo. So it's S. P. O. Okay. L. U. F. I. B. O. And it's the combination of four cats.
And those are the founding four cats. I just put that picture up on my profile to um and luna is the last of the founding
four cats of my shop. So you know and they always help me make them by sitting on them or you know I have pictures of them sitting on the kitchen table while the sewing machine is making the table vibrate and they're just sitting there. You know, chill it. So it's fun.
Anyway. Good to
talk
to you have a good rest
tonight. Bye.