SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Testing Testing 1, 2, 3. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Don't, Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Detective. Right. No, mm. All right. I was okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, No. Yeah. No. Hi. No, no. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What? Yeah. Sorry? Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: good. Hello? Oh you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't actually expecting this to work. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I was like all right, I'm going to come on and I'm just gonna get a blank screen and then wait five minutes and get compensated a buck so but hey hi.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good morning. Um uh So the first thing I was actually doing the sort of the same thing where I was like sitting and you know, I'm like giving the on the laptop, it says you've got to give the browser, um, allow it to use the microphone and the camera or something like that. So I was like, is this a scam? Are they going to like hack my laptop is something. So I was like, you know, if it's coming uh, from prolific, prolific, it's got to be legitimate. So I'm like, okay. So I load it up and yeah, so now I still don't know what was, I didn't, there were no directions were there?
SPEAKER_R: no um I thought in the original sign up that they were supposed to give us conversation proms. Did you get that?
SPEAKER_L: nothing. So
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I mean where are they? I guess maybe they're doing some sort of like a research study on our people interact or talk or something. I don't know. It's weird.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Like, so how long have you been on? Prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I actually started at the beginning of this month.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've been on since about october november of last year. Right. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: um so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I always try to figure out what the studies want and so this one is a little weird because it did say that it was supposed to study conversations but it was supposed to give us prompts and so now I'm kind of like, well now what do we do?
SPEAKER_L: And um, one thing I saw was that we had they said like you know, once you open the window make sure it stays open for The full 20, minutes or whatever. And so I guess I'm trying to figure out what happens if there's dead air. Like like I want to go get my coffee right now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, go ahead, go get it, go do it, go get your coffee, be comfortable. I got some water, just go do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I figured and I guess somebody is going to be watching this. Maybe they're looking or I don't know. But the coffee is like right there. I'll be right back.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, we're all smart that somebody's here. Mhm. Yeah, I think I get like a dollar. Okay. But yeah, as soon as I opened it up, he was right there. Did you get it in That almost goes all the way to the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: hopes. So
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: I just kind of just a little bit. I mean if we can get something to grow their it'll be nice.
SPEAKER_L: Well mm
SPEAKER_R: It's just too hard. At least we got that done. I don't know what tree they were preserving. I have no idea. Yeah. Right. All right. So when should we start the countdown for 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_L: I figured just to make sure we get the money from 10 a.m. and just go through until 1025.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: And then I guess once we finish, remember for time wise they said like after that there's gonna be some questions that's are we going to be talking to somebody else or is it going to be something where it's like we know it's probably gonna be we've got to go back to the survey window and not I guess.
SPEAKER_R: that's how I understood it. But this this is not very cohesive. Like a very concise way to do things, but we'll model through. How about that? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I just hope that what's funny is my internet connection um died like right when right before I like connected so I had to go through and like hit the troubleshooting button and and and redo restart my network adapter or something like that. So I have a feeling that if my internet connection dies than that like that would throw a monkey in the wrench wrench in the monkey, something like that you know I'm talking about right?
SPEAKER_R: A wrench in the monkey. All right,
SPEAKER_L: god.
SPEAKER_R: well, we'll see. I mean we're already down 34 minutes so we'll see what happens. Right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: and then um like what what happens if we're like we have to keep talking or can we do other stuff? Like can you be checking your emails and I could be like on twitter or
SPEAKER_R: I think we need to have a conversation. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: either and that's the thing, it's like, I don't know if they're just being purposefully not giving us directions or if it's like, you know, just somebody's not paying attention really doing what they're supposed to do.
SPEAKER_R: right. That's what I was wondering. So, why don't we just start off, where are you from,
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I'm in my pembroke pines, which is like right, part of florida. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: florida? So do you know where the villages are? All right? You know or Okawa?
SPEAKER_L: I actually thought Ocala was part of California. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So how about Orlando?
SPEAKER_L: okay. In Orlando? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm 45 miles north,
SPEAKER_L: Wait a second, we went to um my wife and I went to some, it was like a cold water creek or something like that, which was just a little bit north of Orlando jennifer
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: Springs.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, Yep, we're very close to that. We're about what, 15 minutes away? Something like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So are you guys being safe from the covid down in Miami?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah. Uh Yeah, as best as you can I guess like um we don't go out that much um ever since the store started opening up again, like normal hours and stuff, like we have sort of taken, you know like we went to target walmart um places like that, which you know like when I stepped in, the target was just like so normal, like everybody has face masks on, but nobody's maintaining 66 ft of distance, it's um but yeah, still trying to stay safe. Um Is it do you live in like a like a super dense population area or you're like more spread out?
SPEAKER_R: So sort of the villages is America's largest retirement community. And just to be completely honest with you, it's a lot of entitled white privileged people and
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: I'm done with them. I can tell you that right now. I am so done. Like their to their trending on twitter. The village is because of all the racism. Like it's bad. Like even on the national news this morning I was watching my Gayle King and she was even reporting on the villages on how racist they are. And so I work at an RV storage facility and so they bring in like quarter of a million, half a million dollar RVs
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: whole
SPEAKER_R: they complain about the most stupidest
SPEAKER_L: George
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: finished,
SPEAKER_R: They're not wearing mass. They all want to hug on me. So what I did, I have, I work on the weekends and so on saturday I put up a little sign that says face coverings required and I locked that door. I was like, you're not coming in here to give me a virus. And so I'm actually expecting a phone call from the owner of the company to yell at me for doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that would be like against whatever health covid regulations and all that stuff, I'm surprised
SPEAKER_R: Well he
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: fired
SPEAKER_L: he didn't tell
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: manager during the height of the pandemic. And so I had and I was thick like I had a fever and I was coughing he made he made me come in and work so he could fire the manager. This is what
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm saying
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: about white privileged people. Yeah they don't care they and I talked with my husband and he was like you're just gonna have to quit if they start you know your health is not
SPEAKER_L: it was,
SPEAKER_R: worth what they're paying you so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's my job, I work for. Uh I do I thi computer help desk stuff from for a law firm. And they've been, I mean yeah, they've been like very very cool, like I'm actually working remotely right now, like let's see like this is okay, I'm gonna move the laptop just a little bit so like I've got the laptop to my right and then I'm actually, I don't know if you can see, but I got two monitors here. Mhm. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah, this is sort of like my work from home setup and
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so they've been really good. That's one thing like it's it must like I always assume that your employer is going to be like, you know like they're going to get your back and they're gonna take care of you so that's sort of like that's terrible that they wouldn't do that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the owners are 84 and 82 years old. Right? And they just opened up this place two years ago and I've been with them since then and they are the most horrible
SPEAKER_L: Hot.
SPEAKER_R: people holiday. Just just nonsense that comes out. They've had tried to buy each other out and take each other out and oh my God, it has been nonsense. And like I've said, it's a roller coaster. We've gone through three managers. I'm just the bookkeeper. I'm the numbers person. I do,
SPEAKER_L: one step at least. I don't want to see what this is. Hello Jason speaking. Oh. Oh really? Yeah, I'm actually in the middle of a survey of sorts. Could you call back and like I don't like maybe like an hour or two. Like maybe like I don't like that before lunch. Oh that would be perfect. Um MS, grab a pen actually. Just type this up here. Okay. Okay. Um What's the number? It's your zero by 50 0532. And this is chase. Right. And should I ask for you specifically or no? Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Bye. I'm sorry. Um
SPEAKER_R: don't worry.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to I'm trying to refinance to to save some money on my mortgage. Right?
SPEAKER_R: do it. If you can do it, the rights are so
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: low
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: right now. You should do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's what I mean. They well it's sort of like the way it worked out is I actually started doing this survey stuff because um they cut everybody's salary at my job is just to, you know.
SPEAKER_R: You understand? Right? But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was one of those things they had to lay off people and they're like look to to make sure we don't have to lay off even more people, you know, we're cutting everybody's salary. But you know, it was one of those things where they're like look from the top to the bottom from the president to the ceo everybody's taking a pay cut. And anyway, so I was trying to make some extra money and um that's how I ended up on prolific. Uh
SPEAKER_R: not this. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And it's been if you don't want me asking, but like because you've been doing this for a couple months already, right? This month I've made probably about $45. Which is I mean it's free money basically. Um Is that like good or bad? Like how much are you averaging or how much time do you put into, I guess?
SPEAKER_R: Um I keep my prolific window open on chrome Uh from seven am until five pm monday through sunday or monday through saturday. I don't do it on Sundays at all. Um And I try to get as many as I can. I make about £75, £200 a month.
SPEAKER_L: Awesome. Do
SPEAKER_R: Right?
SPEAKER_L: you use them? There's a there's an extension for chrome the prolific extension.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't use that because by the time that it actually alerts me, some of the studies are done and gone. So what I do is like every few seconds when I think about it I'll refresh the prolific tab and it'll tell me if there's um surveys or not. And the more that you do the more that you'll get.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I haven't and I'm looking at it right now. It's actually got a red exclamation point because it's not working. But uh I it's still like, it's not like I just like it cause it's loud. So sometimes like when it is working it pops up, it's like, you know, you have the survey. So um I do it uh usually I'd say from the morning time because I'm sitting here so I'll be working at my regular job and then um I'll look to the side sometimes and just check and see if I have anything um
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: are you also doing market research? Exactly?
SPEAKER_L: What's market research? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Big box. Okay. So I am the queen. I'm finding money online. Right So my husband and I are doing market research and prolific. Right? And we make on average. All right so it's what june I just was doing some of my numbers. We've made 13,000 so far this year doing market research and prolific.
SPEAKER_L: Holy cow. Uh
SPEAKER_R: so let me tell you he's an I. T. Manager for a health care facility so he does help that support. Okay so he's just like you. Right We have had IBM and Google pay him $250. What was it 30 minutes for 30 minutes of his time multiple times. Not even joking.
SPEAKER_L: I've um that's on Reddit, which is actually how I found out about prolific. There's a place called Bear money or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's exactly. Okay. So if you got a pen and paper handy, I will tell you the two sides that are so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: That will help you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: make some money, user interviews, user interviews dot com.
SPEAKER_L: Your interviews.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And the other one is a little weird. Okay. It's called respondent that I owe.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I've heard of, I think user interviews I went and I did a test with them or something like that. Like there's one of them like you actually go and they actually, they put you feel like a testing where they say having a record, what you're doing, sort of like how this is being recorded now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's you
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: test. That's nonsense. We have not been able to make any money with you. Test you
SPEAKER_L: wow. But yeah, I'll check
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: interviews
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: is super awesome. Um Oh my gosh, I've been doing so much with them lately. So for instance yesterday I did a nut butter home taste test. I know right? It was cashew Almond and Peanut butter $75. I just got to do it at home. Right? So the other one. I mean I just find so many of them, but user user interviews, you take little surveys to see if you qualify and then they'll reach out and schedule and they pay you in amazon Paypal Visa respondent.
SPEAKER_L: Fact.
SPEAKER_R: You have to verify your work email and you will get fuku box and it's all Paypal.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I got, I got to go through and like because I've signed up like six or 7 different sites. But to be honest, prolific was the only one that like was like my, don't you can hear my cat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a little bit
SPEAKER_L: This is baby
SPEAKER_R: uh respondent does a lot of I. P. Stuff and it is slow going
SPEAKER_L: quiet.
SPEAKER_R: at first we've been doing this since october and it took us until january to really start getting into a rhythm of applying and then trying to get into a study. And so it
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: takes.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna check it out because I have signed up for like so many of these and then they're all confusing and like there's one I did one that was like uh I think it was survey monkey. Like it was terrible. It was like I like would spend like 30 minutes to make like 20 cents on a survey or something like that. So pretty much I've only been using um because I love prolific. It's so like it's like you know, use boom, it just pops up and you don't have to worry about qualifying. If it's there, you can click on it, you can do it.
SPEAKER_R: And they're so interesting too. You're trying to find out like oh what are you trying to figure out here? I love it. I think it's great.
SPEAKER_L: me too. My cat is demanding that she be let out. I'll be right back. Uh huh. Okay, come on. You don't get out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad that I got to talk to you then because then you're gonna be making big bucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I got I will definitely check it out user interviews dot com. And respondent. I actually did I do respondent I don't know but right now pretty much anything that can help to um make up the you know whatever the short the salary
SPEAKER_R: That's right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: cut. Yeah. So thank you thank you thank you for any help.
SPEAKER_R: you're welcome. I was I was actually that was like one of my questions, I was going to like I wonder how long people have been doing prolific and if they find it as fun as I do and and it's a really good
SPEAKER_L: will exist.
SPEAKER_R: worthwhile um you know website the other one on Reddit, if you are on there's paid studies is another subreddit you should look into. No.
SPEAKER_L: a long time ago um I did and this was this was actually forget how I found it but I did do um some sort of like a user thing where they got like a bunch of people together and it was great money. They paid me like It was like $100 or something like that,
SPEAKER_R: Was that like a focus group?
SPEAKER_L: some sort of focus group and this one was like this was years ago so it wasn't a remote or anything like that. Actually. I drove down to there was some place in Miami
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: and I actually sat in a room with a bunch of other people and you know they were asking about, it was mobile phone stuff, it was something about developing um you know what what did you actually features, did you look for a mobile phone or that type of that type of stuff? Um And I remember I was like man but after that I never got any follow ups or or calls or emails or anything so sure but yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna totally stick with it and see if they start like giving I guess the good um good interviews or whatever, the good focus groups or whatever
SPEAKER_R: Yeah most of them
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is just
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: as long as you have a good internet connection with a webcam, you're golden. Um We've done so many like like I said he's done for IBM and Google Microsoft was paying him for a while. Uh we had a taste test out of McDonald's that was interesting, we each got paid $250 for that so
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah so it just kind of we I mean we've done tv ones like as soon as you start getting into it, you almost go down like this rabbit hole of finding more and more ways of making money. So I mean like this prolific. I was I was hesitant like you were about is this really going to happen? I'm just going to stare at a blank screen, but I was like, it's money, you know, £14.. And then then you start talking in pounds today I got paid 32 pence. Right? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I had to I had to google it and say okay wait a second. So I just made 74 73 you know 0.73 G. P. What is it? G. B. P. Or something like that?
SPEAKER_R: Great british pounds.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I had to like tell my wife I like anyway I just made $37 in Great Britain. And I still have yet because this is like literally this is the end of the first month, I started the beginning of june so um I'm gonna I'm trying to do it like you know on their money some people that have like a spreadsheet and they'll say aren't this much this much this much
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: now mind is going to be this, I mean like a dollar on was it an amazon mechanical turk
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: or something
SPEAKER_R: park?
SPEAKER_L: like that. Um And that's pretty much it there there are other websites that I went through and I just went through registration process but I just didn't like him or they never got back to me. But yeah so I'm gonna do a spreadsheet, I'm gonna start keeping track. I think I made about 50 40 to 50 U. S. Dollars. Actually if this goes through that will bump it up so I'll be like 65 ISH. Which is I mean that's amazing. That pays for groceries for, that's like you know going to the public and getting groceries. Uh huh. Oh but that's awesome. And you do and your husband does it as well, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I tried to do the majority of it, but I call him see Lord Unicorn because all right, so here's the thing right? Is like how many, because I work just part time on the weekend so I can do this right, basically monday through friday. Well he's working monday through friday but he's a man in his thirties. They don't have a lot of men in their 30s doing these. So he gets picked for studies and I call him the Unicorn.
SPEAKER_L: so everybody was like okay wait a second we want and he's um 20 thirties and yeah like you said like the only reason I've even I never thought I'd be doing surveys or doing any of this stuff Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm in my 40s. Um and hopefully hopefully I get I'll be the, you know.
SPEAKER_R: You'll be the next unicorn
SPEAKER_L: I'll be I'll be a minute. You require something
SPEAKER_R: many.
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: Right? And so like all right. So, we all if I find a study, I'll apply for it and I'll send it to him. So, I applied for this coffee one I didn't get picked but he got picked and they recalled him and told him what to say. So, he would get into the study.
SPEAKER_L: What? That's
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: amazing.
SPEAKER_R: like, right, they'd be like, all right, so you drink coffee? And he's like, yeah, I drink cold brew. And they're like, oh we need you to say you drink hot coffee. Okay, I drink hot coffee.
SPEAKER_L: But what then? Yeah. Eight what magic?
SPEAKER_R: Right. So, you know like I said you kind of get down into this rabbit hole of studies. But yeah, if you're a man and you're an I. T. There's tons of stuff out there for you and you're going to be a little mini unicorn.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: Fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I was actually looking for um part time like and basically I was looking for a second job, like a small part time job or a gig or something. But if I can do it through surveys, that would be awesome because then it's like on your own schedule, you pick whatever you want to do when you want to do it, how you want to do it. It's like the best, like the best of all worlds
SPEAKER_R: Right? So on average because my husband does work full time kind of like U. N. I. T. Uh Because
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I do have a spreadsheet of his and my earnings. So this is the lowest month that he's ever had. And it's at $400 and the highest he's made with $1700 in a month. And on average it's 1100 for him.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's yeah, that's amazing. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: so yeah, we're averaging about between us, almost $2,000 extra a month doing this between us, me and him.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh And you're and you're pretty much the, I guess the main engine since you don't have to. That's fantastic. That is so awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Right? So while you're just sitting there you can be making money and I love going to work on the weekends And being like, Oh I'm taking a survey on prolific or I'm finding another survey or you know, there was one on instagram for Florida residents that we just completed on Saturday and we're getting $50 for.
SPEAKER_L: Really? See that I gotta, I want to get my wife involved in doing it because um she's like, she uses I don't use instagram or so I figured she like, you know, she's in a different category that she qualified for stuff that I wouldn't qualify for. Yeah, I'm totally gonna check it out, right?
SPEAKER_R: I said as long as you and the great thing too is that most of them will schedule around your work Or you could take a lunch break. Like my husband takes a lunch break or gets off of work early. Um on average this is gonna sound so snobby. But when we first started off, we were doing, you know market research $20 an hour right now we're like, all right, if it's not 60 to $75 an hour or more, we're not gonna do it.
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean if you got it like that and you can like, you know, that's fantastic. Shoot.
SPEAKER_R: My husband just found one on user interviews for you. This as a cat owner study. You get paid how much? $50 for 45 minutes
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: going,
SPEAKER_R: user interviews.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, as soon as I finish out this survey, I'm opening up you two interviews to check it out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, user interviews. Just do your profile do that on respondent to make sure you upload a profile picture on respondent. They won't give you any surveys until you do. And then verify your work email and you're going to be sex.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Thank you. So, I don't think I ever got your I'm Jason. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm jen
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, then it was really great talking with you.
SPEAKER_R: All right, well, you have a great day and I you know what keep earning.
SPEAKER_L: you too. I guess I'll probably see you on bare money, uh posting
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: up,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: understand peace and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: right. Well, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: Take care. Bye.