good. Hello? Oh you
can hear me?
I know, I was like all right, I'm going to come on and I'm just gonna get a blank screen and then wait five minutes and get compensated a buck so but hey hi.
no um I thought in the original sign up that they were supposed to give us conversation proms. Did you get that?
No.
Right. Like, so how long have you been on? Prolific?
Okay. I've been on since about october november of last year. Right. Yeah, so
um so
I always try to figure out what the studies want and so this one is a little weird because it did say that it was supposed to study conversations but it was supposed to give us prompts and so now I'm kind of like, well now what do we do?
yeah. Yeah, go ahead, go get it, go do it, go get your coffee, be comfortable. I got some water, just go do it.
Okay, we're all smart that somebody's here. Mhm. Yeah, I think I get like a dollar. Okay. But yeah, as soon as I opened it up, he was right there. Did you get it in That almost goes all the way to the
hopes. So
I just kind of just a little bit. I mean if we can get something to grow their it'll be nice.
It's just too hard. At least we got that done. I don't know what tree they were preserving. I have no idea. Yeah. Right. All right. So when should we start the countdown for 25 minutes?
Sounds good.
that's how I understood it. But this this is not very cohesive. Like a very concise way to do things, but we'll model through. How about that? Yeah,
A wrench in the monkey. All right,
well, we'll see. I mean we're already down 34 minutes so we'll see what happens. Right. Yeah,
I think we need to have a conversation. Yes.
right. That's what I was wondering. So, why don't we just start off, where are you from,
florida? So do you know where the villages are? All right? You know or Okawa?
Okay. So how about Orlando?
Okay. I'm 45 miles north,
Like,
Okay, Yep, we're very close to that. We're about what, 15 minutes away? Something like that. Yeah.
Yeah. So are you guys being safe from the covid down in Miami?
So sort of the villages is America's largest retirement community. And just to be completely honest with you, it's a lot of entitled white privileged people and
I'm done with them. I can tell you that right now. I am so done. Like their to their trending on twitter. The village is because of all the racism. Like it's bad. Like even on the national news this morning I was watching my Gayle King and she was even reporting on the villages on how racist they are. And so I work at an RV storage facility and so they bring in like quarter of a million, half a million dollar RVs
and
they complain about the most stupidest
stuff.
They're not wearing mass. They all want to hug on me. So what I did, I have, I work on the weekends and so on saturday I put up a little sign that says face coverings required and I locked that door. I was like, you're not coming in here to give me a virus. And so I'm actually expecting a phone call from the owner of the company to yell at me for doing that.
Well he
fired
my
manager during the height of the pandemic. And so I had and I was thick like I had a fever and I was coughing he made he made me come in and work so he could fire the manager. This is what
I'm saying
about white privileged people. Yeah they don't care they and I talked with my husband and he was like you're just gonna have to quit if they start you know your health is not
worth what they're paying you so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah
that's good.
the owners are 84 and 82 years old. Right? And they just opened up this place two years ago and I've been with them since then and they are the most horrible
people holiday. Just just nonsense that comes out. They've had tried to buy each other out and take each other out and oh my God, it has been nonsense. And like I've said, it's a roller coaster. We've gone through three managers. I'm just the bookkeeper. I'm the numbers person. I do,
don't worry.
do it. If you can do it, the rights are so
low
right now. You should do it.
You understand? Right? But
not this. Mhm.
Um I keep my prolific window open on chrome Uh from seven am until five pm monday through sunday or monday through saturday. I don't do it on Sundays at all. Um And I try to get as many as I can. I make about £75, £200 a month.
Right?
Yeah. I don't use that because by the time that it actually alerts me, some of the studies are done and gone. So what I do is like every few seconds when I think about it I'll refresh the prolific tab and it'll tell me if there's um surveys or not. And the more that you do the more that you'll get.
So
are you also doing market research? Exactly?
Big box. Okay. So I am the queen. I'm finding money online. Right So my husband and I are doing market research and prolific. Right? And we make on average. All right so it's what june I just was doing some of my numbers. We've made 13,000 so far this year doing market research and prolific.
so let me tell you he's an I. T. Manager for a health care facility so he does help that support. Okay so he's just like you. Right We have had IBM and Google pay him $250. What was it 30 minutes for 30 minutes of his time multiple times. Not even joking.
Yeah, that's exactly. Okay. So if you got a pen and paper handy, I will tell you the two sides that are so
wonderful.
That will help you
make some money, user interviews, user interviews dot com.
Mhm. And the other one is a little weird. Okay. It's called respondent that I owe.
Yeah, that's you
test. That's nonsense. We have not been able to make any money with you. Test you
for
interviews
is super awesome. Um Oh my gosh, I've been doing so much with them lately. So for instance yesterday I did a nut butter home taste test. I know right? It was cashew Almond and Peanut butter $75. I just got to do it at home. Right? So the other one. I mean I just find so many of them, but user user interviews, you take little surveys to see if you qualify and then they'll reach out and schedule and they pay you in amazon Paypal Visa respondent.
You have to verify your work email and you will get fuku box and it's all Paypal.
Yeah, a little bit
uh respondent does a lot of I. P. Stuff and it is slow going
at first we've been doing this since october and it took us until january to really start getting into a rhythm of applying and then trying to get into a study. And so it
takes.
And they're so interesting too. You're trying to find out like oh what are you trying to figure out here? I love it. I think it's great.
I'm glad that I got to talk to you then because then you're gonna be making big bucks.
That's right. Yeah.
you're welcome. I was I was actually that was like one of my questions, I was going to like I wonder how long people have been doing prolific and if they find it as fun as I do and and it's a really good
worthwhile um you know website the other one on Reddit, if you are on there's paid studies is another subreddit you should look into. No.
Was that like a focus group?
it's
Yeah most of them
is just
as long as you have a good internet connection with a webcam, you're golden. Um We've done so many like like I said he's done for IBM and Google Microsoft was paying him for a while. Uh we had a taste test out of McDonald's that was interesting, we each got paid $250 for that so
uh yeah so it just kind of we I mean we've done tv ones like as soon as you start getting into it, you almost go down like this rabbit hole of finding more and more ways of making money. So I mean like this prolific. I was I was hesitant like you were about is this really going to happen? I'm just going to stare at a blank screen, but I was like, it's money, you know, £14.. And then then you start talking in pounds today I got paid 32 pence. Right? Mhm
Great british pounds.
What
and
park?
I tried to do the majority of it, but I call him see Lord Unicorn because all right, so here's the thing right? Is like how many, because I work just part time on the weekend so I can do this right, basically monday through friday. Well he's working monday through friday but he's a man in his thirties. They don't have a lot of men in their 30s doing these. So he gets picked for studies and I call him the Unicorn.
Mhm.
You'll be the next unicorn
many.
Right? And so like all right. So, we all if I find a study, I'll apply for it and I'll send it to him. So, I applied for this coffee one I didn't get picked but he got picked and they recalled him and told him what to say. So, he would get into the study.
be
like, right, they'd be like, all right, so you drink coffee? And he's like, yeah, I drink cold brew. And they're like, oh we need you to say you drink hot coffee. Okay, I drink hot coffee.
Right. So, you know like I said you kind of get down into this rabbit hole of studies. But yeah, if you're a man and you're an I. T. There's tons of stuff out there for you and you're going to be a little mini unicorn.
Fingers crossed.
Right? So on average because my husband does work full time kind of like U. N. I. T. Uh Because
I do have a spreadsheet of his and my earnings. So this is the lowest month that he's ever had. And it's at $400 and the highest he's made with $1700 in a month. And on average it's 1100 for him.
so yeah, we're averaging about between us, almost $2,000 extra a month doing this between us, me and him.
Right? So while you're just sitting there you can be making money and I love going to work on the weekends And being like, Oh I'm taking a survey on prolific or I'm finding another survey or you know, there was one on instagram for Florida residents that we just completed on Saturday and we're getting $50 for.
I said as long as you and the great thing too is that most of them will schedule around your work Or you could take a lunch break. Like my husband takes a lunch break or gets off of work early. Um on average this is gonna sound so snobby. But when we first started off, we were doing, you know market research $20 an hour right now we're like, all right, if it's not 60 to $75 an hour or more, we're not gonna do it.
My husband just found one on user interviews for you. This as a cat owner study. You get paid how much? $50 for 45 minutes
on
user interviews.
Yeah, user interviews. Just do your profile do that on respondent to make sure you upload a profile picture on respondent. They won't give you any surveys until you do. And then verify your work email and you're going to be sex.
I'm jen
All right, well, you have a great day and I you know what keep earning.
Well.
All
right. Well, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day.