Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Testing Testing 1, 2, 3. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Don't, Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Detective. Right. No, mm. All right. I was okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, No. Yeah. No. Hi. No, no. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What? Yeah. Sorry? Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't actually expecting this to work. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Good morning. Um uh So the first thing I was actually doing the sort of the same thing where I was like sitting and you know, I'm like giving the on the laptop, it says you've got to give the browser, um, allow it to use the microphone and the camera or something like that. So I was like, is this a scam? Are they going to like hack my laptop is something. So I was like, you know, if it's coming uh, from prolific, prolific, it's got to be legitimate. So I'm like, okay. So I load it up and yeah, so now I still don't know what was, I didn't, there were no directions were there?
nothing. So
I mean where are they? I guess maybe they're doing some sort of like a research study on our people interact or talk or something. I don't know. It's weird.
Um, I actually started at the beginning of this month.
Okay.
Yeah.
And um, one thing I saw was that we had they said like you know, once you open the window make sure it stays open for The full 20, minutes or whatever. And so I guess I'm trying to figure out what happens if there's dead air. Like like I want to go get my coffee right now.
Yeah. I figured and I guess somebody is going to be watching this. Maybe they're looking or I don't know. But the coffee is like right there. I'll be right back.
Thank
you.
Well mm
I figured just to make sure we get the money from 10 a.m. and just go through until 1025.
And then I guess once we finish, remember for time wise they said like after that there's gonna be some questions that's are we going to be talking to somebody else or is it going to be something where it's like we know it's probably gonna be we've got to go back to the survey window and not I guess.
I just hope that what's funny is my internet connection um died like right when right before I like connected so I had to go through and like hit the troubleshooting button and and and redo restart my network adapter or something like that. So I have a feeling that if my internet connection dies than that like that would throw a monkey in the wrench wrench in the monkey, something like that you know I'm talking about right?
god.
and then um like what what happens if we're like we have to keep talking or can we do other stuff? Like can you be checking your emails and I could be like on twitter or
either and that's the thing, it's like, I don't know if they're just being purposefully not giving us directions or if it's like, you know, just somebody's not paying attention really doing what they're supposed to do.
Oh um I'm in my pembroke pines, which is like right, part of florida. Where are you?
I actually thought Ocala was part of California. Yeah,
okay. In Orlando? Yeah.
Wait a second, we went to um my wife and I went to some, it was like a cold water creek or something like that, which was just a little bit north of Orlando jennifer
Springs.
Oh that's awesome.
Um Yeah. Uh Yeah, as best as you can I guess like um we don't go out that much um ever since the store started opening up again, like normal hours and stuff, like we have sort of taken, you know like we went to target walmart um places like that, which you know like when I stepped in, the target was just like so normal, like everybody has face masks on, but nobody's maintaining 66 ft of distance, it's um but yeah, still trying to stay safe. Um Is it do you live in like a like a super dense population area or you're like more spread out?
Are
That's
whole
George
finished,
Yeah, that would be like against whatever health covid regulations and all that stuff, I'm surprised
that
he didn't tell
you.
I'm
not
it was,
that's my job, I work for. Uh I do I thi computer help desk stuff from for a law firm. And they've been, I mean yeah, they've been like very very cool, like I'm actually working remotely right now, like let's see like this is okay, I'm gonna move the laptop just a little bit so like I've got the laptop to my right and then I'm actually, I don't know if you can see, but I got two monitors here. Mhm. So
yeah, this is sort of like my work from home setup and
yeah, so they've been really good. That's one thing like it's it must like I always assume that your employer is going to be like, you know like they're going to get your back and they're gonna take care of you so that's sort of like that's terrible that they wouldn't do that. Mhm.
Hot.
one step at least. I don't want to see what this is. Hello Jason speaking. Oh. Oh really? Yeah, I'm actually in the middle of a survey of sorts. Could you call back and like I don't like maybe like an hour or two. Like maybe like I don't like that before lunch. Oh that would be perfect. Um MS, grab a pen actually. Just type this up here. Okay. Okay. Um What's the number? It's your zero by 50 0532. And this is chase. Right. And should I ask for you specifically or no? Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Bye. I'm sorry. Um
I'm trying to I'm trying to refinance to to save some money on my mortgage. Right?
I don't
know.
Yeah that's what I mean. They well it's sort of like the way it worked out is I actually started doing this survey stuff because um they cut everybody's salary at my job is just to, you know.
Yeah. It was one of those things they had to lay off people and they're like look to to make sure we don't have to lay off even more people, you know, we're cutting everybody's salary. But you know, it was one of those things where they're like look from the top to the bottom from the president to the ceo everybody's taking a pay cut. And anyway, so I was trying to make some extra money and um that's how I ended up on prolific. Uh
And it's been if you don't want me asking, but like because you've been doing this for a couple months already, right? This month I've made probably about $45. Which is I mean it's free money basically. Um Is that like good or bad? Like how much are you averaging or how much time do you put into, I guess?
Awesome. Do
you use them? There's a there's an extension for chrome the prolific extension.
Well, I haven't and I'm looking at it right now. It's actually got a red exclamation point because it's not working. But uh I it's still like, it's not like I just like it cause it's loud. So sometimes like when it is working it pops up, it's like, you know, you have the survey. So um I do it uh usually I'd say from the morning time because I'm sitting here so I'll be working at my regular job and then um I'll look to the side sometimes and just check and see if I have anything um
and
What's market research? Uh
Holy cow. Uh
I've um that's on Reddit, which is actually how I found out about prolific. There's a place called Bear money or something like that.
I
don't know.
I
Your interviews.
okay. I've heard of, I think user interviews I went and I did a test with them or something like that. Like there's one of them like you actually go and they actually, they put you feel like a testing where they say having a record, what you're doing, sort of like how this is being recorded now.
Well,
wow. But yeah, I'll check
them
out.
Fact.
Oh yeah, I got, I got to go through and like because I've signed up like six or 7 different sites. But to be honest, prolific was the only one that like was like my, don't you can hear my cat.
This is baby
quiet.
Thanks.
I'm gonna check it out because I have signed up for like so many of these and then they're all confusing and like there's one I did one that was like uh I think it was survey monkey. Like it was terrible. It was like I like would spend like 30 minutes to make like 20 cents on a survey or something like that. So pretty much I've only been using um because I love prolific. It's so like it's like you know, use boom, it just pops up and you don't have to worry about qualifying. If it's there, you can click on it, you can do it.
me too. My cat is demanding that she be let out. I'll be right back. Uh huh. Okay, come on. You don't get out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Okay.
Yeah. I got I will definitely check it out user interviews dot com. And respondent. I actually did I do respondent I don't know but right now pretty much anything that can help to um make up the you know whatever the short the salary
cut. Yeah. So thank you thank you thank you for any help.
will exist.
a long time ago um I did and this was this was actually forget how I found it but I did do um some sort of like a user thing where they got like a bunch of people together and it was great money. They paid me like It was like $100 or something like that,
some sort of focus group and this one was like this was years ago so it wasn't a remote or anything like that. Actually. I drove down to there was some place in Miami
and I actually sat in a room with a bunch of other people and you know they were asking about, it was mobile phone stuff, it was something about developing um you know what what did you actually features, did you look for a mobile phone or that type of that type of stuff? Um And I remember I was like man but after that I never got any follow ups or or calls or emails or anything so sure but yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna totally stick with it and see if they start like giving I guess the good um good interviews or whatever, the good focus groups or whatever
this
is.
That's amazing.
Yeah I had to I had to google it and say okay wait a second. So I just made 74 73 you know 0.73 G. P. What is it? G. B. P. Or something like that?
Yeah and I had to like tell my wife I like anyway I just made $37 in Great Britain. And I still have yet because this is like literally this is the end of the first month, I started the beginning of june so um I'm gonna I'm trying to do it like you know on their money some people that have like a spreadsheet and they'll say aren't this much this much this much
now mind is going to be this, I mean like a dollar on was it an amazon mechanical turk
or something
like that. Um And that's pretty much it there there are other websites that I went through and I just went through registration process but I just didn't like him or they never got back to me. But yeah so I'm gonna do a spreadsheet, I'm gonna start keeping track. I think I made about 50 40 to 50 U. S. Dollars. Actually if this goes through that will bump it up so I'll be like 65 ISH. Which is I mean that's amazing. That pays for groceries for, that's like you know going to the public and getting groceries. Uh huh. Oh but that's awesome. And you do and your husband does it as well, thank you.
so everybody was like okay wait a second we want and he's um 20 thirties and yeah like you said like the only reason I've even I never thought I'd be doing surveys or doing any of this stuff Um
and I'm in my 40s. Um and hopefully hopefully I get I'll be the, you know.
I'll be I'll be a minute. You require something
like that.
What? That's
amazing.
But what then? Yeah. Eight what magic?
I hope so. Oh my God.
Yeah, because I was actually looking for um part time like and basically I was looking for a second job, like a small part time job or a gig or something. But if I can do it through surveys, that would be awesome because then it's like on your own schedule, you pick whatever you want to do when you want to do it, how you want to do it. It's like the best, like the best of all worlds
and
that's that's yeah, that's amazing. Uh huh
uh huh And you're and you're pretty much the, I guess the main engine since you don't have to. That's fantastic. That is so awesome.
Really? See that I gotta, I want to get my wife involved in doing it because um she's like, she uses I don't use instagram or so I figured she like, you know, she's in a different category that she qualified for stuff that I wouldn't qualify for. Yeah, I'm totally gonna check it out, right?
No, I mean if you got it like that and you can like, you know, that's fantastic. Shoot.
I'm
going,
yeah, as soon as I finish out this survey, I'm opening up you two interviews to check it out.
awesome. Thank you. So, I don't think I ever got your I'm Jason. Uh
Yeah, then it was really great talking with you.
you too. I guess I'll probably see you on bare money, uh posting
up,
understand peace and stuff.
Take care. Bye.