that worked.
Hello.
good. How are you?
Have you ever done one of these things before?
No, I'm actually take an online course and it's for public speaking, so I just had to do a discussion board post really, what's called boom or something like bang and it has something like this, but as far as prolific goes, I've never actually had to talk to anybody before.
Have
to
have,
How long have you done that for?
No,
it's sexy. It's like the same thing with me. I've been doing it for Probably like three months this around. Yeah, it works out. I mean, I haven't
had it yet. I said I haven't gotten anything rejected yet.
No.
Well they say there's some sort of uh like a braking system or something like that, but I've never actually seen anything.
Uh huh. I use it for gambling money.
Yeah. Well, I'm going back to school, I already have a bachelor's degree in criminal justice and
I'm gonna go get my bachelor's degree in history because I just retired. So
it's in the military so I joined without 17. So
army. Mhm. Yeah. What do you do?
What?
It makes sense. Petsmart wildlife degree. Did you watch joe exotic?
How can you, how can you have a wildlife degree working petsmart and not watch a guy that's all about cats?
it doesn't that we get that. That's the part of it. The guy is insane.
No.
Stop.
Let's burn. That's worse than me. I've ever seen that.
You didn't actually sing, you know? No, nope.
No, he actually hired somebody to record, he just lip sync through the whole thing
now, it's fine.
Well
it hurt my heart. I was like, no, no.
I felt
I love them. I love the mullet. I love the fact that he said he's as queer as a $3 bill, but he doesn't care. He carries a gun. I'm like, this guy's awesome.
You?
Re
Yeah, that's good. You gotta watch it where he runs for president in Oklahoma. I don't know how, because I was living in Oklahoma in 2000, so I don't know how I missed that
Yes, Yes. That somebody else doing it. It's probably not nearly as fun.
The most,
the most normal person on the series is actually a person who got their arm ripped off by a tiger.
Hm.
No, like it's on video, it's like reported and everything. And the best part of it is joe exotic is wearing the tightest
pants in the history of mankind and he's wearing
an MT jacket,
sergeant stripes on it, even though he has medical training whatsoever. He just runs over and he calls for music. So we need to get in and call an ambulance and no, no, she just stuck her arm and the cage and ripped it off and she whipped, she was fine. But she was extremely cool about it.
I don't love him. Yeah. And then just all crazy because you go into like, he hates this girl named carol Baskins and she may or may not have killed her husband and they're like big into the cat thing too. But they kind of do the same thing only without selling them. So it's just crazy. It's insane.
All
The academy. Mhm.
Yeah. How do you like it?
I'm just going to say that she has killed us. Yes. Right.
That's awesome.
You're like degrees of kevin Bacon away from being a celebrity. Mhm.
Mhm. So now, what part of a southern America do you live in?
I would south Carolina too. Uh huh. Yeah. Four
tracks.
No.
It was nice. I don't mind it. We're getting fire ants. Not a big fan of fire ants.
So I live in New
Jersey. We don't have evil red ants that tried to kill you and swarm all over you when you put your hand by there. And we got these two dumb black ones, I just kind of walk around and you squash them. They don't really bite you. So being in Fort Jackson and having the sandy soil over the place and just putting your hand next to it and they're like, oh look cute little ants and then they decided to start crawling all over you, inviting you. Yeah, that wasn't fun.
That's
not,
Not a huge fan that plus the humidity. The fact that it's like 900% humidity in the morning. Didn't like that either.
No, no. I have seasons. It
was 32° last night. Yeah.
Yeah. It was like 50 today.
Who are they? No, we went through like -20 this winter. You
don't have snow. Like you guys got like an inch of snow and stay into the world
Now. Imagine if you got 15
not
trading right now, there's a huge windy snow. So, and I live in a valley. Like I'm probably, I don't know, like 900 ft up. I live in like skin country kind of like by that uh with the tabulation mountains kind of run through our area and I live in a valley. So all the storms kind of like funnel through it at Yeah, I can have it rain by my house And it's not doing anything like five minutes down the road or I can have it snow and be raining down the elevation change.
The guy has ski slopes.
I can ski slopes from my backyard.
You probably have truck though, don't you? Why do you why do you have a truck if you're not driving around snow?
Mhm. You should be finding carcasses in the books, You should make a carcass in the wood maybe, but he shouldn't.
Why would you collect the pop crack?
No,
but I've seen possums lying in the road. I don't know if you're dead or not. I run him over anyway.
They're ugly there. Their tails don't have firm.
Mm. No, they're disgusting tube.
Okay.
I'm 40 minutes from New York City,
vastly
different than
your better.
right. Yeah. No, they eat babies. What's your babies? It's like dingoes in Australia. They'll take your baby. Okay.
Uh yeah,
so you have a truck to pick up carcasses in the woods? Why can't you just have one of those things where like the rack
people,
people deer hunt and bear hunt all over around me, because I'm kind of in the woods in New Jersey and don't just have like a jeep Cherokee with the little rack on the back and we'll just throw their deer on the back of that.
No,
no, no, no, no, no, I don't do reptiles. No, no,
no, no, no, I'm not scared of anything except for reptiles,
yep, snakes, girls, frogs,
Well, they're amphibians, but yep, frogs, turtles, uh monitor lizards, Whatever those stupid little things are that are in Mexico. They're all over the place. I hate those things. Iguanas.
No,
they're fucking dramatic looking. They're dinosaurs. They should have went extinct 65 million years ago. And you have, you looked at the damn thing? It
nails
do like this,
don't eat you.
No, no. Well that like snapping turtles, have you ever seen those things?
They have a neck that's the size of a snake in the hips.
Why would you have a snake?
Why would you want to snake?
I hope he's not a I hope he's not bubba
quick.
He said publicly. He's trying to eat him. That's what he said. He's not playing, he's not fucking him. He's trying to squeeze him to death and eat him. That's what he's doing. Look I have and I have six fish. They're very nice one too. Or fish because he has this big massive tumor on his back. He's got character. He's doing fine. He's been alive for like three years, so let's affect them. I've got two dogs, I've got an american Eskimo dog, which is like a £20 fluffy white thing. Then I have a Pomeranian american Eskimo mix,
which is like a £15 fluffy red thing that looks like a fox hyperactive as hell. But learn that she's fine. And I have a cat that I've named cat. Uh huh. Yeah.
Well you picked, I picked her up, You know, Kitten took her from, you know, do the right thing, a little shelter thing. I paid my $10 war. Then I found out that she's a tortoiseshell and they're apparently rare and I can sell it for two grand. So I was thinking about throwing her on craigslist, but so I have her and I wanted to name jingle because we got around christmas time. That's cute, right? So it doesn't really go yell at her and I just like cat kitten something. So now she only responds to cat. So a hellcat shoot me out was running at me like because of the dog. She thinks it's a dog now. Mm that's pretty much it. But no reptiles, snakes a those things want to eat you. B they're throwbacks is something that doesn't exist. There's no redeeming quality that any of those things and they smell,
they
all smell, they all smell.
I know a guy that kept hurdles and they stink.
Why?
It's
hoarding? It's hard. Yeah. What do you do with 30 turtles, erase them.
Like the Galapagos toward us. Like he's got what? Like this George massive land thing?
As what? Like a service turtle
people.
But
see this is why I live in the north, not the south. No,
you're
nuts.
You're extremely, extremely polite. I'll never forget when I was not. I mean I was 17 years old when I was in Fort Jackson, I went to go buy cigarettes and I'm talking and I go there now again, I'm from New Jersey. I talk really fast. I sound like I'm from the sopranos. Everybody said to me, oh, you're from new york,
I'm like New Jersey, jesus, christ everybody, first of all, new york city, very small part of new york state that there's a whole bunch of new york this that's not new york city. So I go there and I'm like, hi, how can I get a pack of Marlboros or something like that? She's like, it's a nice day out today, isn't it? I'm like, yeah, like isn't it beautiful? You know? Yes, like it's sunny. Yes, it is. He's like, so now what are you doing today? And I'm like, I'm trying to buy a pack of cigarettes if you don't mind. She's like, oh yeah, no problem honey, here you gonna have a nice day? No, what's your name? And I'm like, my name, Thank you for asking. Um Here's my it was like a five minute process for something that up here. I have an indian
guy, literally my boss, what do you need? Bye bye. That's it. I was like, oh my God, it was the same way in Oklahoma. Oklahoma is the same. The only the only way of indians.
I've been all over. I can tell you people in Ireland don't speak english.
Like contrary to like, you know what netflix tells you, you can't understand those people. I was over there and I was talking I'm like, I know you're talking english, I can tell that you are but you are somehow talking so much more faster than I do in such a random accent. It's strange that you might as well be speaking Russian. I have no I'm
like anybody else here that speaks british english and it's like with his hand up and he goes and gets a guy from the UK who was working at the bar and I'm like I don't, this guy is trying to tell me something, he's like oh he's saying what's going on, yank, how are you? You want to have a plane to Guinness? And I'm like ok because none of that remotely was coming out of his mouth. Mhm So english people are irish, people don't speak english to save their lives. Um English people are fine, I've been to Hungary that looks like it's like still stuck in the soviet. Union Germany is awesome.
Um Been to Iraq that sucked. People were trying to kill me there. Uh Kuwait it's a big desert with massive cities. It's the only place you'll be driving down a desert and you'll see like a Lamborghini and Porsche broken down on the side of the road ever. Everybody has like sports cars there
and they'll just be like a city that pops out of the desert and then there's nothing. Again, it's the weirdest thing. It's almost like Oklahoma, Oklahoma is the same way, There's nothing there. And then all of a sudden you're
in like cotton and there's people and then you drive through it and they all go away. So in florida, you had gone to florida.
There you go. That was that
Very slave labor. Okay.
I
was
up.
I'm sorry. I'm a Disney. I'm a Disney person. So
we're
supposed to go in november. Yeah, don't know how that's supposed to go, but
The
Disney Springs.
experience was fine. Yeah. I like Epcot. That's like preferred region. I like it.
Copper. I love that car. The Hollywood studios on my huge fan of the Toy Story world things kind of cool though.
That's bells castles need, I don't know if you went to that. Um I have not been on the minor. I'd yet seven dwarf one they built.
Is it? Yeah, I was an avatar world. I didn't find that amazing in any way.
That's, it's about a bunch of cat people and stuff and you know, you're not missing anything. Um
Disney cruises. I've done that. Those were good. What the castaway cay, that's the little island. They have
Bahamas, that's cool.
Disney on island. Imagine
imagine what Disney can do with their own island.
There's
mickey heads under the water. There's Olaf in a hula hoop marwan everywhere. You can drink up at a coconut. They've got looks like swiss, swiss family Robinson and the like the surf to climb up the clubhouse and jump into the water and everything.
Everything is terribly expensive.
Well walt wants his money. So. No, no. What did you do when you were in Disney world? Where do you work at?
I never went there
war.
No,
nothing.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I'm like, I've been to the like the 50s cafe. I've done that. Um So what do I've really just builds castle, the Norwegian woman, whatever that little castle is now, it's all frozen up. Um, I bumped Cinderella's castle for the character thing.
Chef, we always do the chef mickey's breakfast. Uh, We did the Polynesian, I don't spirit of aloha, that thing. I don't know the pro fire around, I don't know some sort of hawaii. Uh so we usually stay, uh, so we did Saratoga Saratoga springs Polynesian, uh, the yacht club and we have reservations to do the beach club. But that again depends on what they're gonna do with it. I'm not wearing a mask and visit the world.
That's right.
Even november, you can have like 75 80 that that was the best part of this past year when we went, We're going in the pool and it's like 68°.. They're all bundled up. And the guy's like, where are you guys from in the north or? Okay. He's like, Okay that makes sense. He's like, I'm from Texas and I'm about to turn into an ice cube and really this is nice, 68°.. You can't beat that.
I came here in a full winter coat.
Oh, everything dies by like november pent up here.
No.
Wisconsin is different. That's like Canada.
I don't know how they do that.
No.
I don't know because like my uncle moved down to boca raton in florida and I'm like, so why don't you ever come home? He's like, why the hell did I come back to New Jersey? Why would I want to come? I'm like 85 degrees.
It's beautiful. It's sunny. I've got jet skis, I've got manatees that come up on my, I'm like, why would I remotely when I come up to that horrible, horrible state
and I'm like, okay, valid point. Thanks. I just like seasons
like how can you have Halloween without fault? Like trees changing color?
You
know what I know?
Not like 48 in a fire. Oh
No, No, No, No,
No, No,
Why would you have a fire by 90°?? No,
No, that's why I have central air. Thank you for 68. Yeah.
Yeah, I keep my
feet at 68. That's
What's your favorite fuck? Final? All right. I've got like a semester and a half left, so I don't know. I'll probably go get my masters. Yeah, awesome.
I make enough so I don't need to really work, so I don't on the world. Maybe I'll work in like a, like the little community historical society thing or something like that.
sit there and be like, oh, let me tell you about vernon, New Jersey. We used to be called Verona, but when they zip throughout zip codes, we were the last ones to get it. So we lost out to another town called Verona. In fact, they came to herd and That can be in Pennsylvania and New York in 15 minutes.
Yeah. New York Stupid because they have 8% sales tax. But you can buy booze in the gas station at any time that any time of the day, which makes no sense to me why what they have to do this the way they work. They have liquor stores that sell like wine, vodka, all that stuff. They have like beer stores where they just sell beer, not combined and pretty much everything under the sun can sell beer. Like you can go into like gas like Exxon and buy a 12 pack of bud light, but you can't buy heart or you like liquor 3:00
AM, you can stop in while you're getting gas, get yourself a 12 pack and go off and then in pennsylvania. Well they've got all sorts of random things, but you can buy fireworks there. If you're not a pennsylvania residents,
If you're a pennsylvania resin, you need to go and get a permit and you can only buy fireworks that don't blow up in the sky. You can only buy like the stupid roman candle things and all that crap, like the useless ones. But if you go there and show them like out of state driver's license, you can get mortars, you can get, you can get enough shit where you can blow up a building. It doesn't make a difference.
It's
illegal,
but then it's illegal
in New Jersey to have fireworks
like any type. You can't have any sort of firework,
not even sparklers illegal.
You, you go
to where your fire departments doing fireworks and that's it. That's the only way you can do it. Well, basically what everybody does is to go to pennsylvania by fireworks, bring it back and by the time cop show up nobody knows where they are. But
for BB guns are considered firearms in New Jersey. Like you actually have to register a BB gun. Like our Walmarts do not sell shocked on some stuff like that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's weird.
Did
it?
We have one county that has that.
Yeah, we have one county where you can't buy alcohol on Sundays and you can't can't do so I think you can't sell cars or something like that on sunday was another aspect of it.
Yeah. Yeah it's but it's Bergen County, it's like three counties over. I don't know why they have that. Oh who?
Mhm. Mhm.
It was extremely plain background by the way.
Ah that's horrible
going out of my mind. I've I can't tell you all
the netflix series I've watched in the last um
politicians
No no he froze. Oh now you're back larry. It's gonna say you moved, you talked about your internet now you jinxed it. No you're going again, yep, now you're back.
Yeah. Yeah. What you do time out?
I was thinking about doing the hot spot thing for. Uh But you have Verizon. Yeah so I think about doing that with the you know with the unlimited plants and everything like that. But it is not fast enough for everything Because because I got like five for acoustics. I got you know laptop, the phones by themselves that you know I got a fucking child. So I play Xbox so I need that online and with everything it just like completely killed it that it was like dialogue was horrible. So I pay like $100 a month for Internet.
Really? $100 a month for Internet.
Uh because we had we had another provider that did it through uh not me. What's uh The one through the telephone? That
one?
Mhm. No, no, it was it's called Centurylink, but what's theirs?
There's broadband through your cable company, which is called something then it's through, Oh, DSL
so we had DSL but it was fine, but they're like customer service sucked. Like they didn't like I had the same Browder for like six years and then didn't work. It just took crap because it was like six years old. And so I'm like, you know, troubleshooting it. They're like, oh yeah, we just continued that model like three years ago. Were surprised that even still work, like we really have to sit here. And I'm like well don't you know that somewhere that that's my I'm like I'm like we won't charge you and I'm like, well I would hope you wouldn't charge me, considering I'm paying just $60 a month. So then they were into the S and then I got my uh cable company the Do it now. Like I said they're $95 or something like that a month, but I have no issues whatsoever now,
there you are.
popping back and forth. Did you sign up for the eight week long prolific survey?
why? No, that's a home run.
Italy.
It is so incredibly obnoxious. You have to do it every day and it's like 15 minutes long and you have to keep on like it's all like symbols and associations and everything. Like. Like it's not bad stupid. It's just time consuming. So you go through it but you get Like $8 each week for from it. And
then at the end I think it's like a $15 bonus or something like that, depending on how you did through each of the tests cumulatively gives you like a bonus. So It's
not like
this one couldn't.
This one. Obviously you get the $15 after the chat and then I'm on an eight day survey where I have to do it for eight days straight. And at the end of that they give you $15. It's like, I think it's $3 For number two through 7 and then five for # 18. Yeah.
That's
all I
know is
one thing. Yeah. Well this is the first time I ever saw a big one. Normally. Normally it's 25 cents or something like that. The first I saw. Okay, do this 44 cents a sound like, alright, okay, you got to talk to somebody for like 25 minutes. I'm like, they suck instead
of staring at them. They're picking their nose or something like that. Or got a cat jumping behind him when we got the Oh, you're cool. So it works out
Like
I was 20.
Oh yeah. Well that's what I was wondering about because I did one were like, you're hitting your buttons enough times and made money for, I don't know, for something for like the red cross or something like that and you could either be either show up anonymous or you'd show up as like the picture they take of you, whatever the point I'm looking at these people and I'm like, oh my God, they're all shut in, I'll sit here and like this is like they have somebody living in their basement that's not supposed to be living there. I know it, they're tied up to matters crying for help. Uh huh
They
have today then I was worried I'm like, what if I get away from europe? Because this whole pound thing?
I was like, well we can't even talk to him
because it doesn't seem like there's that many americans, whole thing. It seems like it's mostly a european thing. So I'm like, oh god, I'm gonna get somebody from like England or you know, France or something like that or just gonna stare at me and I'm gonna stare at them be like, okay, that's cool man drawer. I'm like, do I don't know you say goodbye in french? I didn't take that language,
what
can
I
fuck
you back?
Okay. I read that. I'm like, well that's a rip off.
Well, I think because I signed in early, I was like, I don't know what time stopped for me. It was 8 15. I don't know what it was for you. And so I was like, all right, Well, I got nothing to do. Let me go sign man. And you know that stupid questions and you know, the person might be waiting for you. Then I saw you pop up and I was like, I'm late. It's for it's for a woman's been waiting for me. I'm sorry.
I'm
fuck.
No, you did it. I don't know what they're doing with this thing. Like
imagine imagine beautiful researcher is going to stand there. Just watch all these videos
and
the opportunity.
You know something. You know, people are doing some messed up thanks to like, you're gonna get some guy sitting there like job of the hut with like just like tighty whiteys on no shirt.
Just keep breathing heavy. Just picking pepperoni
on his chest. But okay.
You're definitely having somebody wearing a muumuu with
the cats. Like I said, the movement with cats all over the place.
what's
the cat clocks with the eyes that go back and forth, terrifying.
Yeah. We probably like stuffed, it's like the election of dead animals and back
their entire life. What do
you go to school for? No, that's what you said, the animal thing. What do you want that
we're going?
period.
I was gonna say he's one of like working his own fish penguins.
You know, expecting Disney,
you can you
can do that. You do the safari.
like Here is does anybody know what this tree is? The roots are upside down? 12 de Bilbao tree. Yeah. Okay. Look there's poachers out everybody keep your eyes out,
memorize
that.
No, see that's a much more entertaining one, promise.
Uh huh. The other one, they're just fair. Okay.
so it's nice to have extra. Mhm. Uh huh.
one gets put out of commission.
okay right there. Yeah. Mhm. No,
but
so what exactly? Resources that we close this out I think or what?
Mhm. Yeah. I don't let me say Stephen would screw it up if I do this, do not move on to the next station. So you open the conversation new tab. You will not be able to go back to this page. You want to be able to get your conversation blah blah blah blah blah. Uh There's a timer down below. Oh yeah, no, we talked for way too long. Oh
all right. Yeah, that's it. All right.
Take care. Good