Well, hey, how are you?
Good. We're supposed to start at three. You want to just start now or you want to wait it out a few minutes?
Uh, surveys. Yeah, but not the sort of video type of thing.
Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. All right. Mm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You said you've
done this before.
Did
you
like find out about this on prolific where I found it or better
up?
You've just gotten like past invites for something like this on prolific.
Professional.
What's going on?
Do you want?
Where are you from?
California born and raised term about to move to Washington, uh, to start college. I was going to go in september, but can't really slide right now with all this coronavirus stuff.
So
I'm postponing it until january. Hopefully now
I'm actually going to Central Washington University um which is in Ellensburg. Apparently no one in the world knows that exists.
Taking young.
Yeah. It's uh I was going to go to University of Washington, but the acceptance rate is a little too too low for me. Um My grades are like average ish and they were just kind of, the bar was too high for that. So I looked for a college nearby and even though the college I'm going to is like two hours away from Seattle, I'm still like, well, better than nothing, at least.
Yeah, get my degree and all that. Hopefully find a job maybe in Washington.
Yeah. My mom and I are trying to find a house and um you know, we've we've used housing calculators where we put in the income and all that to see how much we can actually afford. And usually they came out like 300,000 so I'm like that's that's good enough. No there's like two houses in the area that are anywhere near that there are half a million or more. Um And so I've heard of taxes being low so I checked out some houses I think sort of near the outskirts of Austin or so and they're like half that price.
I
understand.
Yeah. 1200 here and get to the studio. Yeah it's uh it's real tough I'm thankfully um you know the university provides housing but even then it's like 6000 semester and
it's only a few months. Yeah
well like they include like food and stuff but that's not even.
That's the reason why I decided to postpone it too because I'm going to save 6000 because I'm gonna stay here for a semester. And then also the flights I have to fly over there fly back and then fly back in January. That's already like $6,700. So I'm saving almost $7,000 by waiting a few months a lot. I can't make that on prolific.
Yeah. Yeah. That's why I found out about this one, but sometimes it just randomly goes to error. Okay. Yeah. So I'm just like, I keep the tab open and I check, But usually what happens is that, you know, you don't notify me. I click on it by the time the page loads. zero spots. So I'm just like missed it.
I saw one for $27 a few days
ago And there was 100 spots. I clicked on it. zero, it's just gone.
How?
Yeah. Yeah. I got lucky when I first started to um I got high expectations from it because when I first signed up I had survey after survey after survey I think in a week I got like 200 or something and I was wow that's crazy. End of the next week, nothing for a day, one the next day. And I was just like what did I do wrong? But apparently it's just real slow sometimes.
I'm hoping to get more of these. I mean 50 I think I think it's $15 right? The reward. Yeah. It's worth it.
That's crazy.
Right. I picked a like two or three of them but I know that some people are just available like the entire day. They just do this the entire day, take the job, which is cool. It's um, I found it. Looking through one of those work from home stuff and they were like, you're not gonna make enough, but if you want a little extra, you can do stuff like prolific and stuff and uh, amazon turk or something like that. Yeah.
I
mean,
that's right.
That's right. How
I was able to like sign up. I don't know if they accepted me, but I know that my amazon pay account had like some problems. So they were like, no, your band. Sorry. I was just like, I didn't even do one. That's crazy. Do you know like what the requirements are?
It's a real popular one. But I, because I, I don't know if you ever heard the website reddit? Yeah, there's uh, you know what your money is on that or no. Yeah, it's a subreddit to community where the whole idea is that you need money for beer. So it's like money but not like a whole paycheck. Uh, so a few dollars here and there and they, it's basically where I found prolific because they were like, hey, you can do enter prolific. These, all these other websites that can pay a few dollars a week or something. And um every month they'll have like a post where they will be like, how much money did X pay you and how much needed X pay you? And people are like this month on prolific. I mean 50 this month on mturk I made like 300 I was like 300. I love that. But it's hard. Mhm.
Have you had any idea what, like they're trying to learn from these since you've done it multiple times?
No.
15.
Do you know how that would work? How they would use like the video help that and.
Regularly
contributed
bit.
it's me.
Yeah. Mm. That's really crazy. I know, I work, I don't think I mentioned it, but I'm actually majoring in cyber security and internship for a company that was doing ai research and apparently I didn't know this was a thing but apparently a I companies like that are developing stuff like that. Um Usually get targeted a lot by like nation states, like china and countries like that. Um And so I remember the first week I got there, they were like yeah, we just um suffered a data breach where like much of our customers information was leaked by someone in North Korea. And I was like they have internet in North Korea. Apparently they do and apparently they're really good hackers so apparently they got into it and it's like a huge thing to target these ai companies and like machine learning companies to get their algorithms and just basically build the product themselves. Mhm.
I'm
sorry
I think
I don't
think anyone
over,
Happens
to everyone.
You can look
find
out what
happened.
minds.
I don't
think
so.
lot of those students in China also are like really into, they push the whole science and technology into their brains and you have to get into the Israeli elite top schools
and get like high honors
in these computer classes or else you're just not like liked by anyone in the country, You're seeing like down and whatnot. Did you go to a university or study anything like that?
Mhm.
Except
yeah that's sort of the story of I. T. I. T. T. Tech.
You heard of that one
Thank
you for.
Yeah they both shut down I. G. T. Tech
and your school. So both routes would have been would have ended in some sort of,
You
said
it
Hi.
Mhm. That's less than I paid for a community college. Two years Out of paid like 6000.
Mhm. I'm risking it by not getting a degree because I'm just transferring to Washington but some counselors will just get a degree just in case you needed. I come back to it and then you can transfer. But that's another two semesters that's another few $1000 that's more time. And I was just like no I just want to leave. I'm actually doing I. T. Insist administration that's like the backbone of cyber security. You need to know like I. T. And how to fix things on your own before you get to like the security aspect of it. Did you ever have to learn like Lennox to work on that?
Good morning.
It
wasn't until.
they're
coming. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. I've heard that a lot about schools like I. T. T. Tech where like no one that actually worked in like the higher part of the school really knew like what was actually going on. The teachers are responsible to teach. The students were learning. No one was looking at what's happening above us until it was too late and they got fired or they got an email that was like sorry we're closed now. What's crazy? Is that like all those stuff you could just learn online like Lennox that's what I'm doing right now is I'm line. Yeah I'm barely barely starting to touch it but you know it's just all free and available and there's some some schools are there like I'm working to charge you for it just for being here.
Control.
You should
look at
this.
Yeah I took um an I. T. Computer tech class in community college. Um I was hoping to get like hands on knowledge but halfway through this covid stuff happens so we started going to zoom classes but um part of what the professor really told us it was like it changes like every day, something new comes out So you can't just learn something today and expect it to work in like 20 years. You have to keep learning the new stuff that comes out, new versions of like Lennox and stuff like that. You can't just be like I'm gonna learn this and then that's it forever.
Yeah mm. Did you ever or did you plan to take the
comp T. I plus you know what that is?
know
professional
people?
No.
Yeah the committee would have definitely helped you more than the degree from the school that shut down. That's a more like reputable certification stuff that everyone uses.
You still
want it.
Mhm. You still have money on, on it or did you like paid off?
You
know.
the
boomers won't even know what you're doing there, thinking you're coding something to fix the entire computer or something and you're just like how to fix
error 202 you find out.
Yeah.
Yeah,
plug in and plug it back out. Turn it on. Uh
I heard.
Cruz.
I've worked on a few computers, but not that I've like made money off of it, but I'm going to open mine up today actually, the the little port that I used to charge. The laptop is like broken so I better replace that. But since I haven't opened this, just like a four year old computer Um it's really good. It was $1,000 so it better be good but I have never opened it. So I'm going to clean it out. Dust, fan it add some RAM to it. Um Take out the HDD and SSD just do a bunch of upgrades since I'm opening it anyways. But I feel like when it's your actual computer, you've paid for your like much more careful with it not to break anything. Yeah. I haven't bought the electrostatic risk thing to use it on because I'm just like I don't want to risk anything breaking this computer.
Money.
I don't
know.
Hey.
They
just thought you solved the problem and they're like okay. All right. Yeah. That's crazy.
I really
think.
Great.
charged for damages and stuff. Find out the guy that did that. Um He broke a server and they fired him and then they charged and they sent him the bill after he got a job somewhere else. And he moved like from the east coast, the west coast and they still found him and said well hey you always $3000? When are you gonna pay us?
Ask
me.
Yeah, I've heard of that. Especially if you don't pay your student loans and stuff, you're gonna get your wages garnished. Mhm.
Yeah.
So you can just wait until after to pay one's once you get a job
one
more time.
Help
me.
It's
it's a lot. Especially if you like have a minimum wage job or something or like pC Tech. Then I get paid that well.
Protection
Problem.
And it's just a sales job really from what I've seen there, just their main point isn't fix it. You bring a computer that needs around and they're just like, well looks like the whole motherboard is broken. You should by anyone.
This
two year old computers already 20 years old. Maybe. Maybe it's time for an upgrade. Yeah. Yeah. Was this thing 20 minutes or 25? Mhm.
What?
I got confused because it's three for me. So I was like two hours, just three minutes.
Why did you move to, you said you moved to? Mhm. Dallas? Why did you choose that?
What?
No.
Are you still with her or did you guys separate ways?
That's
what
wants?
no
one's gonna
do, you know what your school industry has said? It's gonna be all online or like a mix
or something of online?
if
you
can
By the way,
It's really sad. It's uh it's weird to be living through this. I've never done, no one's ever done it before, you know, masks and stuff like that,
I'm
happy
here.
No.
I've seen that a lot of like asian countries, china and all that, they just they've always done it. So seeing us do it here was a little weird.
No,
I
don't know.
wow, we've crossed into 3 32 now we're safe
zone,
we're on the safe
zone now,
we're good.
So from here, uh exit this tab, and then you said to carefully go to the other one where I asked like the video quality stuff.
Mhm.
that's
not
bad,
Lieutenant.
Okay. Well, it was nice talking to you, You
know, I never thought your name, actually. I never even asked
Jason with A Y. J. Y. S. L. N.
Yeah. Nice talking again.