Well # one Day you get this correct? Mhm Mhm. Mhm.
pretty good. How are you?
yeah we can wait like two minutes if you want because we have to do exactly 25 to get paid. Mm You've done this before.
This is my 3rd 1. When you get done after you do the survey it'll have a link at the confirmation page. You can save that or just go to it and schedule another one right away. I didn't know that the first time and it took them like to like a month and a half to offer them to me again. But this is like I think this is the last time I can do it because you can only do it four times in a year by read correctly. Mhm. Let me grab one thing real quick. It's not mhm. Mhm activity
But
I
don't
know
if
yeah I'm prolific. Yeah
the first one I got was back in like a towards the end of May and I finished it. I talked to somebody from new york and that's pretty cool. So then I didn't I didn't read the whole thing afterwards because it like when it transferred me back, I didn't hear it no
code, but they paid up and just like one day which was really cool. But then I did it again here about two weeks ago and talk to this girl in florida. She was pretty cool. And
that one worked out where I I read the thing at the end. So let me schedule one immediately. But what they didn't, you have to check your prolific messages carefully because they told me like two hours later that I had one in an hour and I didn't check my messages till like three hours after that. And so I missed the coal.
But it let me immediately schedule another one. And I did that one. And then this is my 4th 1. I'm
originally from Tulsa Oklahoma. But I live in Dallas. You
and the Covid
you're
gonna go to Tacoma. Uh
brian
never heard it. I have friends in Washington state and I've never heard of it.
Yeah. I still go in see the sights and everything.
Seattle is expensive but not as expensive as California. But I was looking into Tacoma and it's actually pretty cheap like texas level chief, which is like cheaper than most big cities but still more expensive than the fly over states.
Right? In Austin is the most expensive spot in texas except for the rich neighborhoods and Dallas and Houston. But like most of Dallas is, but Dallas is considered cheap nationally, But a two-bedroom house or apartments
going to cost
you 1200
for
That's insane. A
little better. But The $1,000 a month with food that ends up being not too bad. But
I've been doing pretty good. Like I think I've got 300 in the past 2.5 months. One thing that really helps you get the little plug in in your browser because it tells you every time.
And I've noticed a lot of the ones that are for $5 and up will only have two places and so you'll see it on the extension, click it and you get there. It's always zero. But in. Oh
ooh
I got super lucky here a wall back because I got one and repeated every day for two weeks. You have to qualify with the first one for five bucks. And that one I surprised that 200 places to start with and there was like 40 by the time I clicked it like on the actual site so I did it and then every day there was a study for uh for 14 days. And then on the 16th day after there was another. And if you complete them all you got a bonus. So I ended up getting £35 which ended up being like
$50. Yes.
Right now I'm probably getting about 20 a week minus these things because these pay good. Yeah
after you finish when you go back to the other window and you go all the way through once you finished there'll be a page and if you go all the way to the bottom there will be a link to do a repeat and it will just take you to that original survey you did and all you do is pick out the times but pay attention to your messages because they could literally tell you an hour later you have one in an hour,
depending on what times you picks.
but mturk is hard to get into, but what's crazy? Most of the prolific studies go on mturk at the same time, but I hear they actually pay if you send some more on
mturk
for the same studies,
but
haven't been able to get into that,
I'm not 100% sure, but there seems to be a lot of things that can get you excluded or that'll just get you put on a waiting list and then you like never hear from them again. Yeah.
Um
I think they're
trying
to develop, supposedly it's about how people communicate with strangers, but I think it's partially related to ai research make better bots, I'm
But they say in the fine print, they go over the whole thing partially to check that it was a full uninterrupted 25 minutes of speaking, but also to develop like how do you communicate both with? That's why you have to have a camera. Is that that measure your body
language and
like if you laugh, if you smile like like everything like
that. But I'm assuming it's something to do with like
coming up with an algorithm to copy like inflections and ability to come up with new uh topics.
North
Korea in particular, there's a lot of misconceptions
out in the public about them, but I don't know if you've heard of the University of Pyongyang but
they
attract
people
from pretty much all over the world except the US don't usually allow people to go there, but there are people who have went to china and then went to Pyongyang University from china but it's actually
one of the like
top 100 universities by several metrics. And they did like a tour of it on this one documentary and it's like every bit as well equipped is like any like modern university in the U. S. Like it's like it's a nice at school and like it have to be to attract people from Russia from all over europe and Africa. And they like have all these like programs were like if you come from like a
like poor third world country
they'll pay
your way
all the way through it. But I think part of that too is so they can get that that intelligent like the they can collect
all that get them skills so they can do stuff overseas. Like like get bonuses like the way china does. It's different though because they spend
more
money on research
and uh innovation than almost any country in the world. But they also engage on the snooping. So they're able to learn stuff on their own and then get stuff from other people and combine it. And that's how they like leaps and bounds ahead of most countries in the world like in just a couple of decades. Mhm.
Thank
you.
right. So I went to a trade school for Pc Tech, which basically is the hardware side of maintaining a computer. And then they had like a side program thing that was a universe is a career college. And so I went for a degree in information technology Systems Administration. And uh I ended up leaving after the second semester, but the school ended up getting shut down because the administration stole like a whole bunch of money from the school because it was like a university. They had satellited from Kansas city, they went down to Oklahoma City, they went to a
Tulsa Oklahoma and they had one in Arkansas, you're right career college. But if you look it up, yeah there's like this big embezzlement thing and the whole school got D. Accredited and shut down within a couple of months of each other. So
like my degree wouldn't even mean anything about actually earned it. They're
almost
went there
instead
and a lot of right students transferred and they allowed the credits to transfer transfer over. And usually they don't allow I. T. T. Tech didn't allow that. But like I knew somebody they had and they came back and showed us they got this like fat sweet ass like like it's like a $1500 laptop that they got as part of their school. Like. Just like gave it to them through their student loans. Like a bad ass laptop. Uh I was thinking about transferring to it but I ended up just dropping out and leaving state
but
I had a $1500 high def laptop capable of playing like games. And like even today I bet that Pc would
still
run
something like G. T. A. Five or at least sims four Skyrim, stuff like that. But
it's a laptop where 30,000 and student loans because that's what both ITT. and right career. We're charging for two semesters is like $15,000 a semester. Which is like more than some good universities.
60 oh for two years of community college I didn't even get a degree and I racked up. I think it's like $29,000 for two semesters.
That's one thing about the school that we were promised, we were gonna learn Lennox in full instead. We got some free version of red hat and got shown that it like came with free sit and like how to operate it and that those like little modification versions of red hat are basically just windows 98 or Windows XP depending on how they set it up. There's no real difference except how to run Windows programs on it. And uh, it's also supposed to learn macro oil and I've had experience on the old school apples playing like a playing like
Organ Trail and all that number crunches all. But like they literally didn't even teach us any mac. They showed us a Mac and showed us a few differences inside that I couldn't even tell you still. And I should have known it was a scam because they were teaching us Windows XP And Windows
seven
drops before I left. And it's crazy because I started in one semester, the people who started the following semester got books on vista instead of XP, but Windows seven came out right before I left. So it was like nobody that was going there was getting the most up to date knowledge and the teacher was really good. Don't get me wrong. He was pretty brilliant. He
had
in computer sciences. But other than that, the whole school is like a total joke.
I remember I took one test on scuzzy and it was the best I did. I got 100% before the extra credit I got on. It is the best score I got on any test. Well, the thing is no one uses scuzzy no more. Even though the concept is like, awesome because like, you can make this Monstrosity, you've got three disks, three cd runs, you've got three hard drives, you can hook
adapters up and put on different kinds of hard drives besides the old just ribbon one. Like, it's just awesome.
Like,
like
everything about it, but like no one uses it no more. So like
because the license, the way it works, as long as it ain't a direct copy of certain ones, you can make it whatever you want if you know how to code it and like they haven't set up now or you don't even need the code, you can just kind of copy paste pieces of the operating system together, sort of
for that.
Yes, I was supposed to get that. That's the a plus. Right? So to get uh they even gave me the credit for it. The thing was I didn't have a ride in, the only place it was offering the test at the time was about 25 miles from the school and I didn't have, I had to take the bus to the school and it was like 25 miles from the school but I was like 10 miles the other direction So I couldn't get up there. So by the time I finally got somebody agreed to take me they said my thing had expired. I think it's like 165 to take the test, something like them. And so I was just out of luck because I didn't have any money. That was when I graduated to PC. Text so I shouldn't have went back for their university program but things you
do and you're young, something different,
you
know?
So
that was also the main attraction of the degree program because they promise you get a plus certified, there was another certification you get plus you get the degree for the Systems Administration. Mhm. But yeah I never I just went there like 30K. In the hole for no reason essentially. But
I get
some college. Um
Well I've done a few upgrades on computers. I've had sense and occasionally especially like a boomer will have some computer problems and I might charge them like 20 bucks. Sometimes I'll do it for free. But yeah I'll try to like $20 and it's something that don't require any like major work. It's a little more hectic where I'm gonna have to spend some time on it. Like what's funny one of the things the school taught us the most was referred to your handbook and if the client isn't looking don't be
afraid
to google the problem. So just use your handbook at google. If they're if they're looking use the handbook. If not use
google
It's
like they're graphic, they have the old school like uh
the I. D. E. And it's just like unscrewed a little
bit and you just like turn it clockwise. Computer works again, fixed it.
USB devices especially and sometimes there's this glitch. USB devices do or you got
to reboot the computer with it unplugged, wait until it boots then plug it in. It will start working again but sometimes it won't get
passed by office if you leave it plugged in. I have that glitch with my uh H. D. M. I. Adapter plugs into this little port but if peter's off and I turned it on it won't boot if it's plugged in at all. So I don't plug the hole adapter.
those come in handy because I accidentally broke somebody's computer I was working on, I'm pretty sure I've tried to power supply, but I might have fried the board too. But it was like an old ass computer and it was having some major issues. But I'd opened it up
and one of the
things wrong
was that one of the ram and come partially unseated. So I fixed it. But when I pressed it in, there was just the slightest static feeling on my fingers and I was like, oh, so when I turned it back on, if I can, it basically just like died and had area codes. And uh like I was like, um I think you need a new
power supply, possibly a new board, Maybe too hard time, I'm sorry. But they were so computer illiterate. They didn't realize because static shocked it,
but
they're probably my worst mess up. Everyone's trying to fix a computer. So yeah, those little
little
bracelets, there can be a lifesaver, especially if you're in some corporate, you probably
the corporate computer, you might get fired. Yeah.
Is
that
you didn't get garnished?
They have a cool thing. Know where you're not currently working, You can get on the deferment plan. Uh,
and that basically changes your payments to zero. The only thing is you still build interest while you're making zero payments. Yeah,
once, once your income changes,
you spoke to report it immediately
and either fill out a new one to recalculate or just start
paying
the minimum payments. The only thing is If you haven't paid in a good
long while and that goes up, the minimum is gonna be like 3.50. Uh,
yeah. You know, my school was getting people jobs because they guaranteed you could get a job, but you know where most of them were either telemarketing call centers that had little to nothing to do with computers or geek squad. But that a special deal with geek squad where you either had their completion of program or your a plus You could get depending on
which or both one or $2 an hour
or more starting out than just someone off the street. But geek squad make like 50 cents above minimum wage. So you'd only be making like $2 above minimum wage with a degree and the certification. Yeah.
The only way that they want to fix your computer is if you bought it there relatively recently, otherwise they're like, you should upgrade. Just upgrade. It's
worth
We
might as well go to 5:30 just in case what, 2.5 minutes
Dallas
well, I had moved down to tell you this is a funny story. So technically I married this girl that I met in Oklahoma and we had moved Arkansas, but she had like some serious mentalist issues. She has borderline personality disorder and a few other things and she was mildly abusive and very controlling and uh like even the little things like I want to, I
want to lose weight, so I'm gonna go on a diet and then she'd only cook deep fried food for like two weeks
straight. Uh and other other weird things to like, you know, eggshell walking. So I was looking for a way out of that and I was online at the gathering of the juggalos chats for like juggalos the gear up for the gathering and I met this girl in texas and I found the ride and was going to meet up there. My ride pulled out the day before we're supposed to leave. And so she talked her friends and coming like 200 miles out of the way to pick me up. And I was supposed to bring me back through Arkansas so I could get all my stuff, but I ended up losing everything except the cardboard box in the trash bag. I even have my blankets and pillows. But uh so we ended up coming to Texas for a few weeks and then moved to Oklahoma. Well, she got pregnant when she was five months pregnant, uh income dried up and our rent was due. So her dad and his friend came and picked us up and brought us to texas. And uh I've been here ever since. Um
we still lived together. She she's gotten into that, you know
where
she says she don't want to be in a relationship
anymore, but she's not seeing anybody or anything. But she and my son went to go stay with their mom for the summer, which I thought was pretty bullish during Covid. But she lives in the middle of nowhere in west texas. So,
but
they're gonna come back right after school starts because he has to do a few weeks of internet learning. So he's gonna do his first two weeks of school there, then come back.
They're
gonna do a mix. But they encourage the first 2 to 4 weeks that as many people as possible do the online, but you can go to on campus classes from the beginning, but
they're
trying
to discourage for the first few weeks. But other school districts around the area have decided they're going to do all online until October which is still done because I see flu season being very bad with covid. We usually get 50,000 deaths just with the flu.
So you had in Covid do that. The hospitals are gonna be over full and there, I don't know if you know where the valley is in texas, the valley, the hospitals were so full and there's still almost at that capacity that does happen to turn people away who were coming in with heart attacks and all kinds of stuff because they had absolutely no room. And so there was actually one case somebody had to go from the valley to Houston to get seen. And in Houston had so many, there's the burden unless it was a dire emergency. So like with the flu, like on top of all that, it's gonna be rough.
I was reading this thing about Japan, uh, for the most
part,
all they
shut down with bars and restaurants
and uh that's the only steps they took and they did better than pretty much all of the west. But the reason is because something like three quarters of people in Japan where I'm asking public by default anyway. It
makes sense because like remember SARS hit now it's all over the news back in the day but star is only infected. A few 1000 people killed 400. And part of that is because they already wearing masks and so it didn't spread like it would but I bet you
have sores. It hit in the U. S. Like that would have been
bad
like. Okay
I think that's
been on. Wait what?
Thank
you.
definitely. We definitely crossed the threshold.
And you'll click next. Uh
there's a little arrow, a little blue arrow at the bottom of the screen and you click that and it takes, like it says, it takes 20 plus minutes, but in my experience it takes about 10. But then
when you get
to the
last screen
where it says you can close it, scroll down and you'll see a link, you might have to copy and paste it and it'll let you schedule another one right now. You
too,
same. I'm Kenny, what's your name?
that's cool,
I have a good one direction.