That's okay. That's only in pretty low. Let me turn that up. Yeah, can you hear me okay?
Perfect.
I'm pretty good. How about you?
I
mean it's a little late so it's kind of just like, I'm ready for the day to end and just lay down in bed and go to sleep.
My name is Cynthia and yours?
Right, nice to meet you.
I am in Georgia.
Got to go
And that's just a pretty big place. I'm out in Lithonia, which is about 2030 minutes. It's in like the outer Atlanta area.
Duluth is a little bit like northeast of Atlanta. So like Atlanta is like smack dab in the center, you would be like right here is to move and then I'm like down here.
right. Honestly, I think it's like a toss up because I mean for the most part, a lot of places required masks, but in recent weeks I haven't really seen anybody like get scolded for not wearing masks and so like it makes me want to go out a little bit less because there's more and more people who
are
like, oh
it's
over and they just
don't
want to wear
any
mask anymore
because
they're just done with it and they're like, well I'm done, so it's got to be done okay, like that's that's definitely not how it works.
No,
no.
I mean honestly, it's just kind of scary. I mean for a lot of people it's not going to be so bad, but even for even for like younger people or even for like, you know, middle aged people, it could still have like some pretty bad health detrimental fakes. So it's like,
I'd rather
not
chance it.
Yeah, I've heard an awful lot of people who get it um there's a lot of people who get it and then end up having like heart issues afterwards or like they're breathing capacity is lessened and I mean for people who are really physically active, having something like that happened to them is a game changer
and you know, their job deals with like sports or you know, physical fitness and they end up with that kind of vessel. Well, at that point, big fish.
but
it's
a little bird. Yes.
I'm trying
to
see if I can get, oh no, those are my bow. I am very big into video games. This is my game room. Okay.
that
thank
you.
No, those games are pretty fun. The first system I ever had was a playstation. So I mean like I never really got to play a whole lot of like the original Nintendo games or like the super
Nintendo. My husband on the other hand that that was the stuff that he grew up with, so he knows a whole lot about Nintendo. Super Nintendo games than I do, but Playstation with my baby. So
It was just,
it's pretty much just me and my husband, I don't really stream anything I play mostly because especially for like some of the older games I kind of suck at them sometimes,
but there's
there's
of games that I'm good at and there's a lot of them that I'm not good at and I'm sure somebody who's watching me would not appreciate watching me go through the same stage seven times because I can't make that one jump because my
character will not jump properly. So it's just like now that's fine.
Well I mean if it's a game you enjoy, what's not to be proud of you enjoy it? Why not? If you have a mobile phone have you tried among us?
So among
us
is
a it's a multi player game and
the
minimum people you need to play I believe is for. And then when you're playing with these four people, one of you will be an impostor and the impostors job is to go through the space station and kill the other players without getting caught. And if somebody finds them out, they have to deduce who was the killer and then vote them out. So it's kind of, you know, a mystery thing. And
then if you're not the imposter, you're going around the station and you know doing tasks to try and uh make sure that the station goes well and you know, kind of being suspicious of other people because you don't know who's the imposter.
No,
so that might be something that you might want to check out. But this
is pretty fun and
it's really
easy
to pick up to. So.
Yeah. Um I don't, my husband does and the best way that we've kind of like separated it for him was we have like walking closet in our bathroom that we don't use and so that's just become his office. So he's
got like
a desk in there and like shelves and everything. So it's it's just his office space and so you know once he's done with where you could just close that door and be like all right I'm done,
I have three cats. Three
two orange tabbies in one little grey tabby. That's a rico over there. Right can you pass me rico?
Tell me rico. Oh
thank you. She's the oldest of the
three.
good.
Those
are big dogs.
I was.
Well about how long are you like away from the house? Are you a way
for
like weeks or
four
or 5
days?
Is not terrible.
It's not terrible. I mean if you have like a really close friend, I could just come by the house, check up on the dog, keep them a company for a couple hours. Just make sure they have food and water should be good. And I mean like different dogs take separation better than others so it's really just dependent on how well the dog is okay with you not being in the house because if they have like really bad separation anxiety, you probably want to have somebody there on a regular basis while you're not there.
But if they're okay being alone for a couple of days then you could probably just have somebody come check up on them like once every days.
And
there's also like um I know there's some products that you can buy that are kind of like uh kind of like dog litter boxes or they're shaped like they're shaped like grass tarp and it's where they can do their business that way. They're not, you know, going, it's just it's really ideal for people who live in apartments and can't, you know, take their dogs out on a regular basis. But if you're not home all the time, that would be a good way to make sure they don't do messes all over the house if they have a designated
place
to do it
because you don't
want
to come
back
to poop all over the place.
It might have
been
not really, I don't have a cable at home because I spent the majority of my time playing video games anyway, so I really don't
feel
like
I
have
lot of time.
And I mean
like
the rest
of
my time
is really just netflix. So like if I have netflix, what do I need cable for?
Just
to say it, I can't hear you. Yeah. Oh what genre, what kind of genres do you like?
What
kind
of streaming of uh what's dreaming products do you have? You have netflix, do you have also like maybe lulu or?
Yeah.
That's
what I
was going
to
suggest.
What we do in the shadows. Isn't on netflix, is it time that was on the hill? Oh, no one's really good. My husband was going to suggest magic for humans.
It's
it's kind of like a would you consider that a reality show or just a magic show? Yeah. Yeah. So I mean it's a magic show and it's the same guy who's going around and he's, you know, stopping people out in public and doing really, really fancy magic tricks. Like the majority of time that I'm watching these episodes, I'm like, wait, how how
in
the
hell
did he manage to do that? I just like it just it feels like actual real life magic to just like what? And it's he's funny and he's very entertaining. So I would definitely suggest that
if
you
ever
get
hulu,
I would suggest what we do in the Shadows. Which is a it's a mock documentary about vampires who live together and their daily life. And you know, they interview the vampires and it's really just, you know about how these vampires are living together and like that getting along with each other sometimes. And I mean they've been living together with for the for several years. So you know when you live together with somebody for long enough you start to get kind of annoyed when they do stupid little things. So it's really funny but I believe it is only on netflix or who you sorry but that
was pretty
good
and
if you
like if you're interested in animation there's like some other ones that we could probably suggest but I tend to not suggest animation to a lot of people simply because sometimes it's not their cup of tea.
that's right, Stranger Things is good and that one's on
netflix
It's no not really. I mean it's like a it's like a slight horror but it's not like a, well yeah it's more along the line of Goonies. If you've seen that like you know
it
follows a bunch of kids getting into like some mischief with like some you know creatures and stuff and it has like a slight horror aspect but it's really not it's not like it's
very
very
very
mild.
So I mean because you know some people don't like gory things or some people don't like it when something is like you know just ridiculously over the top. But Stranger Things is really good. Yeah
And I think
stranger things is three seasons now. Many each season was only about I think 12 episodes and I remember correctly I think each episode was like an hour long. So I mean if you're just like binging through them it'll take a little bit but if you're like just watching a couple episodes a day you probably get through it pretty easy. But I mean like me and my husband started watching it and we just ended up binging through the entire series, like this is really good.
I'd like to go to a cirque du Soleil show sometime, I just,
I
haven't been the one
ouch
I think the only thing that I remember, the only one that I wanted to see as much as cirque du Soleil was shen yun, what's a Kenyan? I keep seeing advertisements for it and I'm like that looks really fancy and then every time I'm about to buy tickets and like $100 a ticket is a little steep for me right now and then I never watched it and then like it comes back next year and I'm like dang it really should have gone, so it, it's like a constant reminder every year that I'm like I could have gone there
one
day.
Good,
I mean if I could go anywhere and know that it was safe, I would probably go to a convention. We were actually supposed to go to a convention at the end of the month, but it got cancelled due to Covid. And uh, we go, do I think About 2 - three conventions a year.
No,
well, the ones we go to specifically or for anime, well two of them are, the third one is just Dragon Con, which is just general nerdy stuff. We mostly go because it's a really big on like dungeons and Dragons and Pathfinder. Uh, last year we went simply because there was a group that we listened to podcasts from and they were actually there, so we went to a live event with them and got them to sign our book, so that was pretty fun. I don't
know if they'll come every year, but that one was nice. Yeah,
even
those
can
be
kind
of fun.
yeah, I mean like even for like even business conventions are pretty fun to go to, it's nice to you know, see the people at the booth, it's nice to talk to them even if legitimately you like I don't actually care about what you're selling, but sure, go ahead and tell me about it when something is just a little bit of fun. It's just
enjoyable.
I
miss eating out
at restaurants
alive.
I used
to do
enough
a lot of that, but
uh Covid's hope it's kind of messing up everything.
mm. Not really because we're a little bit out of the delivery range for most everything. I think the one time I actually did get food delivered it was Popeyes, and then like within a week or two later I tried to order for delivery again and they're like you're not in our delivery area but you delivered
to my house
like a week ago and they're like yeah you're not in our delivery area anymore, all right fine because I'll have to go pick it up.
like not in the delivery range for anything, so any time I have to order food I have to go pick it up myself.
Oh not terrible but also slightly inconvenient.
it's a bit ridiculous how often you'll see people walking around with it underneath their chin and you're like okay, so what's the point of even wearing your mask if you're not even aware it properly? Oh.
Oh
there
is
there is a there was a famous person in the news recently that got in trouble for wearing a mess mask to like a meet and greet or something. I don't remember who it was. I just remember seeing it on being the other day. I was like why would you wear a mesh mask? Like just
just
where
I think it was somebody's sister though. Like I don't know, I didn't recognize the name. So I'm not I'm not very good on like a not like the super, super popular people. So I don't remember who in the world it was, but I just remember seeing it on vague and I'm like why
just
wear a regular mask? It's not going to kill you.
It's just a mild inconvenience just just be okay with it, protect
yourself
and protect others. It's not hard.
Well I mean we had that big polio outbreak quite a few years ago and you know it was pretty much what we're going through today and you know after that after a couple of years and they got the vaccine, they went back to normal life. So I don't think it's not impossible for us to go back after Covid. The only thing is we have to, you know, just have some good vaccines for it. Especially I think Covid's got more than six or seven different strains right now. So they'd have to have like some good vaccines to really nip that in the bud. Okay.
They have. Hopefully we'll get those at least We could get those like sometime early 2021 that be maybe a good start.
Yeah, 20 point is a 2020 is the last year,
nope,
definitely not a good year for time travelers to come back to unless
they're going to change something.
But if they're coming here to vacation, don't come to 2020, there's better
years.
We'll take
it.
I believe so.
It
is 9
28. All right.
You see if you can kind of see the figures a little bit better that way.
Do.
Mm hmm. Nice standing with you as well. Have a great
night,
but have fun with those recommendations
and try
out
among
us. I
think you'll really like it.
Mhm.