Yeah, that's true. Okay. You may be interested. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Hello, how are you? Can you? Okay.
Yes, I can.
Yeah. How are you?
I'm pretty good. I am a little tired but I'm good. So it was a good
weekend.
Same here. Same here. I'm thinking like maybe like a 10 minute youtube clip of something funny, you know some, I don't know, I think that I might have heard a dog in the background. I was thinking like some funny dog videos, something just like really light and then then time for bed. So what's your name?
Okay, I'm Christie. So
yeah, good to meet you. Um are you, where are you based? What state?
Okay, very cool. I'm in texas. So I was in Georgia about a year ago um in Atlanta um visited my team there. So uh I've got, I've got
employees there and then my boss is also in Atlanta, so we just brought everyone to Atlanta. So um
Okay, okay. We were in Duluth so I'll admit, I don't know where that, where that is in relation but.
Okay. Very cool. How are things there with um Covid? Are you guys able to go do anything safely or is it still pretty ah tough?
More
people
going
out
like we're
good
to
go.
I
hear you.
Yeah, I agree. Yeah, so here in texas, we have a mask mandate, so if you are out, you have to wear a mask. Um I think the exceptions are if you're outside, like if you like walking, but like if you, if you go inside a store, you have to wear a mask and then you need to wear your mask at restaurant until you sit down. So I've been a restaurant once for sit down and it was like 8:30 PM so um not not as
crowded and uh felt like it
was relatively safe, but yeah, I'm kind of in the middle where I'm trying like I want to go out and do more things, but yet um I want to be smart to like I don't I don't want to get Covid or spread it or you know, anything like that, so but
agree.
Like
we
Yeah, exactly, like you just don't know what the long-term effects could be. Um either like all right now you're now you're fine but it's like really or like in 20 years are going to have some other issue or be more susceptible to things, so. Okay.
I agree.
Yeah. Kind of risky. Yeah. All right. So enough about covid um what what are some fun things that you like to do? Do you have any favorite hobbies or or things that once Covid is over and once you know once we can go out and do whatever um Something that you want to do. Oh okay. I can't. Are these posters? I can't,
it's
a little blurry.
Okay. Smart brothers are
these
cards?
All right. That's me. So I will admit I haven't played video games in years. But um that sounds really fun, remind. Like I think growing up it was Mario brothers And we only had like two games. Um That and then
it was like computer games like roller coaster tycoon
and
the sims. So I'm probably dating myself.
Happen.
Very cool. That's me. That's so do you
do you do like the streaming games? I was reading an article that says like more people are like streaming and like, you know like with strangers online and like watch parties with video games or is it just more like, like you and your husband at your house?
hey.
As long
as you have fun,
But
Probably not the best. Gotcha. Okay, that's cool. I'm not trying to brag candy crush. That's like my one game that I've been playing lately, especially like back when we had like locked down and um I'm not married, no kids, no pets. And so I will say I had to like find stuff to do at my house because like, I was, I was about to go crazy. Um So I played lots of candy crush. So now I'm like level 5000 something. So that's like the only game that I'm actually good at, but I'm like, I don't know if that's, I don't know if I should be proud of that or not, but hey, at least like it helps me like just distract me so
No, I haven't among us. What's
now?
Tell
me why,
where
it down?
Mystery.
Which ones about it? Okay.
That's something.
Check
I'll
have to check
that out.
Even better. Even better. Yeah. Um Anything that's fast. I feel like I've, it's kind of, I feel like we're this weird time where sometimes we have like, I feel like I've got tons of time like all right, I should be able to do all these different things and other times I feel like, no, like I don't know where the time goes. I don't know where the time goes. Um I guess with, I think it's also different because I feel like since I'm working from home now that and I'm not driving anywhere, I feel like I'm actually working more even though I'm like trying to like turn off the work brain separate work from house. But it's, I don't know, it's hard sometimes. So do you work from home?
That's
great.
Like I'm out. See? Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Very cool.
three cats. All
you go awesome.
little cutie.
All
right, very cool. Okay. Yeah,
interesting. So my parents had a great Dean, but that was
the only got
They only got a dog once. Uh I said, you know, I went to college and my siblings followed suit and then they had the empty nest so that my mom was like, oh, I'll get a dog. So it's crazy because we grew up thinking that, oh my gosh, dogs are dangerous. They could buy. Like my mom was really scared because one of her best
friends have been bitten by a dog as a kid, but I guess over time she kind of was like, well, you know, it's really more about the individual dog owner and the dog being trained. And so then it was like, oh, not all dogs are pack, so that was probably a good experience, just um you know, to actually get a dog, but it was much later, so I haven't haven't jumped into getting a pet yet, I thought about it, but I'm hoping that once things open up again, I can go travel more. And um I used to travel a lot for work and uh I miss uh I almost feel like if I get a pet like then I'd have to bore, you know, I'm like board a dog or get someone to come over and I'm like, I don't know if I'm ready for ready for that responsibility yet, but
should
we,
That's four or 5 days.
Like,
like
leaving
like monday and then coming back friday. Yeah.
That's true.
every so often. Take them out for a walk. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Very
I'll be
appreciated.
Right. Right. That's a good idea. In fact.
I
feel
like
I,
oh gosh. No, no. You know, as you mentioned that I'm thinking I almost feel like that might have been on shark tank a few years ago or like a shark tank episode. That sounds really familiar.
I
don't know. Um Do you watch much tv?
Well
I
pay
for
it. Yeah.
I
don't,
I don't
pay for
cable
either.
You're like, you're set your set. Okay. So I think it shows on netflix that you would recommend. So I technically so I have netflix, but I don't, I don't watch it much. I think I've watched maybe two things on there too. Like I saw a Tiger King, I had it like, so I was like, all right. I got to see Tiger King because I actually went to the zoo where that happened, But try to think of other
shows.
um gosh. I say mostly comedy, but opened the, you know, really
open to
anything.
I don't, I've got netflix. Um, and then I watch a lot of like youtube clips just for free. Um But otherwise yeah,
that's I'm trying to think. I've
watched
lot
of
like
The Office, but
magic for
humans. Okay.
How
did
they
do that?
check that out. I
will
check
it
out.
Thank you.
wrote
down
check out. Okay, cool. Thank you. I will have to check
those
out.
I'll tell you so. I don't know if I should.
Is that
theory? Is it scary?
I've
seen it.
I
won't
have
marriage
or anything. Okay. Gosh. Okay.
Very cool. I have to check that. I have to check this out. I've got like a little list going over here now, so thank you.
Very
Like I want to know what happens next. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. Very cool. Yeah, the Magic one especially sounds interesting. I always wanted to go see like magicians in las Vegas and um, we had traveled there with my mom and um, we weren't able to see that, but we did go to like a Cirque de Soleil show, so it was it was neat but it wasn't the same as magic, so
I highly
recommend.
Yeah, they they do have some free videos on Youtube like on their website that um like they I think they had like best of juggling and then the best I think of um like acrobats, so it's pretty neat like some of the segments um because like they have been doing some touring shows outside of Vegas and um they were actually going to come to texas and I had bought tickets for my parents for their anniversary and of course I got canceled because it was in april but um they're just they're
so strong, they are so strong and yet they've got just grace and like they just make stuff look easy, like they're like flying through the sky and I'm thinking like I don't know how they do this, like it's it's really cool so,
One day
maybe
maybe next time it comes back through Because yeah I have not seen that either. And I've seen ads to and I almost want to say I feel like I got a mailer like before co but I think I got something they'll remember thinking like that is pretty cool. But yeah like the cirque du Soleil tickets I think we're They were like they weren't cheap either. I think they're about $90 a ticket. And um so it's it's not you know it's not like a great deal but at the same time I'm like it's um it's a neat experience. So I would say go for it if you can. Yeah I think that's the one thing I've kind of learned over the last few months I'm like all right I want to like go do things and like even though I'm stink at painting painting with a twist open back up. So they've got like socially distanced painting classes now. So I just had one of those um last weekend and um, it was a lot of fun if you like painting.
So um Yeah. So do you guys have any vacation plans or like once? Like if you could go anywhere like in, no, it's safe, like where would you go?
Okay. Are these like video
games are like comic con or? Um
That's
that's fun. Yeah. I miss conventions. Um Now I will admit most of mine are like business type conventions, but what I really loved
was
like
all
the
vendors,
like the vendors have different like booths and sample. Like that's another thing samples, I don't know if you're like me but like samples of a lotion or then they've got like the candy bowl with like, you know, delicious treats or like I remember getting like hands used to have like all the like the brand of like hand sanitizer and um I don't know like chapstick and just random stuff, half of which I probably don't even need. Probably more than half that I don't need. But it was just fun getting all the swag. So ah
I agree.
Yeah, for sure. So yeah, I
I definitely
miss
this.
Yes. I've done
drive
through
people.
But
yeah. Do you guys get any food delivered? Like do you have any favorite food that you get delivered these days?
my gosh.
You just,
that's tough.
I'll pick it up. Okay.
I agree. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think. Yeah, I mean I've, I've gone out to chick fillet probably multiple times, trying to think one of the places I've gone. Um I a longhorn steakhouse once and that was like 8 30 at night, just like have a change. I feel like I just had to get out uh my house, but um basically other than that it's grocery stores and I just, I go to the gym almost every day. Um So it's a little challenging with the mask, but they allow us, like if you're intensely exercising, they allow you to pull the mask down, like you have it under your chin, but generally I just try to stay distanced from people. Um because technically it's like wear the mask, but it's like down here, it's not really, it's not really protecting anything, but I guess that way you can pull it up easily, it's like okay. Yeah. Um
yep.
No I completely agree. And then I saw someone else um I saw a sign at some of the stuff, I forget some store. Um Someone was trying to wear like a lace mask like that has holes in it. It's like like thinking that they're being funny and it's like you know like you know it's like okay, you know you're not allowed to go into Costco with that like nope. So um I mean
I feel like
the person should have known that, but yeah,
math
traffic,
you know, I feel like I saw it too and I think who was it was a debt? No not Adele or let Lana dara. No. Uh Delray. No.
that's
crazy.
Right? Just just be yeah just be a mature adult like let us all like just get through this time.
I
agree,
yep, I agree. So yeah, hopefully hopefully we'll have like something safe here soon. My sister works for Pfizer and so like they've been doing tons of testing on like all these vaccines and like trying to and so I don't know, I feel a little like, like hopefully it'll be safe, but I am hoping that they can come up with something that's you know, Going to protect people and to make it to where we can go about normal life. I don't know if it will ever be 100% like normal, but more normal than now. I hope so.
that's true, very cool.
I agree,
Zero stars right. I think I saw, I saw a meme that said something like 2020, like the year, 2020 like would not recommend. So that made
me laugh just like nope. Yeah tough year. Yeah.
No
that's right
that's
right that's right. For sure. For sure. Oh man cool.
Well
let's say Like did we hit our 25 minutes?
You
may have
so.
I know it's yeah yeah adding the hour they're two very now. I could I don't it looks more clear now when you went up before it was a little fuzzy. But yeah very that's a that's a game room.
That's really cool wow there any cool we'll have a good rest of your sunday and relax
and um it was nice chatting.
All
right. All right take care
thank
you.
I
appreciate
it
thank you. Thank you very much. Okay