Mhm. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Thank you, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. You know? Mhm. Okay. Mhm. And the president? Yeah. Never. Hi, how are you?
I'm
good. What do you have to?
yeah. What you have?
Yeah. I'm trying to fix my volume, hold on 1/2.
Alright, that seems to be a lot better. Uh Would you do that?
What do you do?
I work as a freight broker, I just negotiate rates to move freight from point A to point B and then find somebody who will do that for that company.
Yeah. I've been doing it for 11 years. Yeah. How long you been in finance?
Yeah. You like it?
Yeah, that's definitely
I live in like Asheville north Carolina.
Or
Uh So you're not far away, you're like what, two hours or so?
I don't actually like I've lived here for two years, I'm originally from Dallas texas. So I've lived in Dallas my whole life and then moved up here two years ago.
That's
great.
It's uh so where I'm from in texas, like Dallas area, I'm actually from a little town called Denton texas, and it's like full of arts and jazz and all that good stuff. And uh national is kind of the same way.
Can I answer this phone call from my work?
That's my movie. All right. All right, diminishing the role. Alright,
so I'm on call and I didn't expect any calls and it sounds like it's a telemarketer, so I just hung up on him.
but you're welcome. Lead dinner. You won't bother me. Yeah.
Yeah. But yeah, I'm from from Denton texas, basically
and I moved up here two years ago and it's like, it's kind
of the same thing, a lot of good music and like good food and like tons of beer, which I love.
So, um, so yeah, I mean, the transition went very smoothly for me.
Mm.
Have you been doing with all the covid, I guess, staying in? What are you doing?
I, my brother knew a girl that he was close with that died from it in Dallas
and then I had to people who I work with in san Antonio texas who tested positive for it. So, well, I have, uh,
I don't
really go out. I've been out twice, so I've been to a bar once.
Thank you.
it's really weird how it was, like, they had very limited seating and everything was like 10 ft apart or more. So, uh, so if you got up from your table, you had to wear your mask. So if you got up from the table, you were wearing your mask and I like, I actually felt pretty good about it was all spaced out and stuff. It wasn't anything,
you
know, they were cleaning every table afterwards. Uh It felt really good actually knew the owner, so he was there with us and it made me feel a lot better. But uh, then I went to a restaurant here this sunday for the first time and everything was like Fenway, just really spaced out. Uh
restaurant. Yeah, but I mean all of my friends work from home. We do go kayaking and stuff and basically,
I mean, I haven't been going out as much. Yeah.
Have
you,
have you always worked from home?
But uh, so I started working from home whenever I told my job that I was decided I was going to go to Nashville, I told them they could either like, give me a chance and I work from home, or they were just to let me go, you know, and they gave me a chance. And it's actually yeah, I've actually done even better since I work from home, so I don't have other people talking at me, all of them.
Having wiped it.
All
Yeah. My dog's sleeping over there right now. So I've got a dog. You have
Are a rhodesian ridgeback. Yeah,
they are. They're just large short haired dogs. I'll show you they're probably if I can turn it around these days here.
Uh Sorry, something that's computer.
Uh So like on her back she has this strike and her for goes totally the opposite way. Um And she is called they're called the Lion Fighters. They were like bread and africa to like hold back lions from the tribes. Dogs have like a lot of courage and like they're like, she's 115 lb.
Yeah.
Rhodesian R H Oh the
Mhm. Yeah. So she has, she doesn't
have the she's tall, she's very, very tall. She doesn't have the black
mask or black knows hers is all totally brown. She has the liver nose and brown eyes. Uh huh.
But she is like super good. Like I don't never see how she could be a line about her like she loves, I mean she's just a great dog, great around kids, great around other dogs, has no desire to, you know, like we go running every day. Yeah.
Yeah. But she is, she is very timid. She's kind of scared of a lot of things. So, but you know that are going to choose a little pump.
But yeah. So what else do you do? Yeah.
Um like anything to do with like motorcycles, restoring them, Writing them. I used to race them uh need anything like that, snowboarding, mountain biking, hiking, anything outdoors, Like I do pretty much almost all that stuff sadly. So um but it's been, it's been good here because like I don't have, we didn't have mountains in texas, you know? So like I came here, I'm like, oh, real mountain biking, this is awesome, you know? And like I bought a snowboard this year because we had
mountains here, you know? So
it's crazy flag. Yeah.
Yeah. Like everybody talks about, y'all's like skyline and like sunsets and how beautiful they are and they are very beautiful here, but like in texas, like you can see it for miles and miles instead of some mountain cutting it off and it's great to see it just rolling and just so I do kind of miss that. Um I mean it's been cool to see it here kind of in the mountains and stuff but um but yeah, so it's definitely different definitely, that's definitely flat, like I've started running myself and I do that like app that tells you when to run and when to stop, you know? And uh I've been doing that like freaking hills here and they get me, they get me.
I
believe
it.
uh my my dog and I we walked probably think I walk her about 4-5 miles every day and
then we
also run about About 2-3 miles every other day, so.
came and down
Porcher
and it seems like, but I don't know, maybe I'll get on my bicycle here in a minute. So Yeah. Yeah. So have you ever have you ever done one of these before?
This is this would be my third time? Yeah.
sounded on reddit.
No, somebody mentioned, so I did this, I did this two nights ago as well and somebody mentioned beer money and I was like, what is that? But they didn't tell me it was on the right, so I'll look it up. Yeah.
I got you. I uh So the first one I did was like a couple of months ago and it was awesome. Like actually to be honest, every person I thought to have kind of found it to be pretty awesome almost. Like it's kind of like
I do
like it's just good people talking like what else are you gonna do, you know? So like you're really going to start off on a good argument probably, you know, it just seems like we're just sharing their experiences, especially how they found this. But um I mean with my work like I sit right here on that all day long and I've got the computer here and I'm like and what, I wonder what I'm a browse and read it and I saw it and I'm like okay I'm gonna sign up for this and then like I started making uh money talking at work, so it's been great. Yeah,
that's pretty much, but I didn't want on monday and right after I guess I did the whole 25 minute session and I guess I clicked on the wrong, I could ask me, I forget what question it was because I would have probably didn't read it well enough and it didn't ask any more questions after that Before. It had it, you know, it has like 25 minutes of questions after this.
Yeah. It's it's like like I said I clicked the wrong one here a couple nights ago, but it will
ask you like about our conversation, you know like like smiled the most, who talked the most was it like tons of questions like that. Like who, who paul is the longest and you know like yeah, you know
what?
But um but yeah, it's like uh so it's been easy every time. So um
yeah, it's pretty it's pretty straightforward. So how long have you been doing, prolific.
There's there's
been a little,
so like today would be exactly two months for me And in two months I've made $200. So like 100.
So it's not a lot of money but like it's like $200. That's that's great. I got $200 to go towards some project.
And
I've had
like that works really weird like I mean they wouldn't be happy if they knew what I was doing but it doesn't affect what I do. There are times that
I get really really busy like there are sometimes I have to answer phone calls or answer emails or something like that and I'm like right in the middle of a study and like I really do complete all my studies so like that does bother me a little bit but it has never affected my job any at all. So speaking of my job my owner just called. Mm Alright, we're good. Yeah.
week the last two weeks have been really really busy for me. But um yeah, sometimes sometimes
like
go ahead.
Uh there's two that stick out one of them. They 100 robots like in each picture. And it would ask you about how you felt about that robot with the robot slightly move or like different color eyes. And
it was yeah, it was just like, it's like he's sad or something, you know? And it was hundreds of it was a very long study. And then there was another one where I had to click on images of like if the guy is holding a gun, click on them or press
l and if he's not holding a gun,
pressed d like I went through hundreds of images and every once in a while I grew up and it's like Like taking points away if it was like a game, I played a game for like five or 10 minutes. Uh And then musical.
Um But what was your most interesting with them?
I think
that.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually do remember that when it was uh it was different, most
pretty boring. Um But there's some that are cool. I did I did stuff that was like just for branding, they're just asking you what kind of branding and stuff and I don't know like uh do you do like this t shirt this person is wearing and like, you know, just stupid questions that like you're lying, you're gonna pay me for this other girl.
Here. Yeah. Actually, I'm I'm always curious like in Nashville, there's no jobs, like even before all this, there was not a single job, especially for what I do, and I'm like, man, if my company ever lets me go, what would I do here? I don't know, I've been doing this for 11 years, so it would be a major change for me. Yeah, down
it's actually I got really worried whenever this first started because like we weren't moving freight, everybody stopped moving freight pretty much, or at least afraid that we had was not essential and I was like, well there goes my job, you know, I really thought I was going to lose it and then like it kind of changed in the two weeks after that we've been so busy, like I can barely stay afloat like someone. Yeah, so I guess I'm pretty, pretty lucky with that, but um I've been with that company for six years, so you know, they know me pretty well, pretty close.
Um Yeah, my, my sister in law got laid off in Dallas. I know. Yeah. Quite a few people actually. Um So I've been, I don't know. I feel very fortunate like I, who knows what's going to happen,
I wish I could predict the future because it's, it's pretty scary to me now. Like, you know when this first happened, I was kind of like, I was kind of joking with my roommate and I was like, this doesn't, you know like this is just gonna pass over like and then like started here more or like what the heck is going on?
Their
home.
I uh my roommate does like uh I guess
loans for housing or something like that and like he's not getting anything right now. Uh I have two friends who own real estate businesses and they're not selling anything. And so
it's kind of weird. Yeah.
Okay.
But guess we'll make it right so we'll see.
What time is it? Have we made our mark?
I'm in no rush. So but I'm gonna give it one more minute.
We can do what I don't I don't care. Like honestly
I could talk for a couple
more.
I go by miles in my L. E. S. Yeah yours
Jazz line. How do you spell that?
Wrestling? That's almost too good to meet you. Jasmine.
My dog's name is 11. So Technically my name, I go by my last eight miles Always have stuff. My dog's name is 11 miles.
when I got her as a pup, I was dating a girl I lived with a girl who was who was whose death. And she had a dog named five And she could say five like it sounds like me and you you know like most of people, it wouldn't sound like the work five at all. But she could say that worked very well and it sounded like five. So whenever she would call her dog five, but you know, and I would call the dog five dog would come, you know, does that make sense?
Okay. So, so whenever I got my dog, we're like, we need to name it a number. And I was like, well, I've been kind of watching Stranger Things. Uh I'm like, let's name at 11. So we had the five and now we have 11 but uh it's 11 miles over there.
See you? Yeah.
I've seen I've seen one or 2 episodes.
I'm
gonna have to I had to check it out there.
That's right. Cool. All right. Well, it was nice meeting jasmine.
All right, well, you have fun with those questions. Okay.
that's how you