Hi, I'm good, how are
you doing? Yeah.
Just made dinner.
I made spaghetti squash like as pasta with meatballs and mushrooms.
Okay, no problem. Yeah.
I worked
I work in finance, how about you?
Okay. Cool. Um I know a little bit about that's pretty fast paced. Yeah.
Um Almost two years now.
I like it honestly. Um my mic, the company I worked for, I questioned it a lot but um lately it's been keeping me busy I guess I guess. I just be like thankful that I have a job right now right? Yeah.
Yeah. Where do you, where do you where do you live?
No way. I'm
in charlotte. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. My roommates were just in Nashville this past weekend.
I would love to like live in Nashville honestly,
it sounds
like a dream.
Yeah it's awesome. I lost went like around like in february I think. Um But yeah it's really nice, I really like it.
Oh yeah no problem. Can I eat my dinner at the same time? Okay.
Mhm.
Okay. Nice nice nice nice.
cool.
Of course.
And
yep me too.
that's good. Yeah I'm from like northern Virginia area like outside D. C. And then I moved here like after I graduated college. Yeah so
it was a good it was a pretty simple transition. I mean yeah
I don't know. I mean I have been for sure but I'm not gonna lie. Like have I hung out with like a lot of people? Yeah I probably shouldn't. Um one of my best friends is getting tested. Well she did yesterday so I guess we're kind of waiting on the results for that so I guess we'll wait and see. Yeah.
Oh my God. Yeah.
Internet.
But
are
there open bars are open?
That's
good.
Wait, where did you go? I missed that part.
We want
I I don't really like go out anywhere per se. But um I've just had like friends over um that's really just been it. Um Yeah I work from home too, so it's just been kind of the same
thing
like.
No I did not I did not even think I'd be working from home honestly just like in my environment and like the company I work for, I was very surprised. How about you?
Cool. Yeah like the like the job that I have I guess and like what I do, I worked for financial advisors basically. So like I never like you could never work from home like prior to this like the company in general could not, I mean it's a pretty big freaking company, I was very surprised. So um Yeah well they just like randomly announced it, I was like in shock and that was like back in March so it's it's been a hot minute.
Yeah I do like it actually um I'm not like the biggest fan of my job, just like the company you work for. So I guess it's kind of nice that I'm like kind of away from like the people so like I have no complaints about that I guess. Yeah
and I've been like pretty busy for sure and I have a dog so like I've been like it's nice that my dog is like not like you know like at home alone and stuff so that's good.
I have a corgi yeah how about you?
I have no idea what that is
yeah it's a little blurry I think it might take a minute to blend in but
no you're good.
No way. Okay
I I don't know if I can open another tab, I'm gonna look it up on my phone. Okay how do you spell this?
Got it. Oh wow
collar
thank you.
cute. Yeah.
So really active and stuff. That's good.
Cool. Yeah that's cool. That's awesome.
Um I really have been trying to get in like working out so that's been a big thing for me. Um that's been a big thing for me probably since like 2019, So um with Covid like the gyms are like non existent now so I've been really trying to get into running and like right before Covid I actually I've always wanted to like pursue like dance and I love choreography, like I like watching it. So I've been spending a lot of my time, I'm like enrolled in these dance classes, like it's like a local place, but we do it all like virtual now, like on the computer. So yeah, that's really what I've been doing lately. Um I really like it. It's a lot of fun. How about you?
I do,
I've been in texas like a couple of times actually. I've always been to the same place, but it's so flat.
Like that's like my one big observation, like it's just flat and I freaking love the mountains, like I went to college in the mountains, like the Shenandoah mountains and like, I absolutely love that. So like when I, when we would never, whenever we go to texas, it would be just like a huge shock, like how freaking flat it is.
Um Yeah, it was when I was in college, like my college was literally on a mountain, I swear to God, So like, it was just like a series of hills everywhere you win. So like, it was like an ongoing joke, like You will you don't lose, you don't get like the freshman 15, you get like you lose £15 because like you're constantly going like up
and
down
these mountains. Yeah. Yeah,
me
too.
I'm gonna say literally same, like I have like a really like routines, so like my like work from home routine has been running like two miles a day, and then usually I like kind of stagger throughout the day, like walking my dog. But yeah, I haven't been doing it lately, it's been raining here, so it's been kind of, can
I
sat up,
I haven't have you
is your experience with it? Because I so for me like I honestly, I guess we could talk about that. Like how did you hear about like prolific and stuff?
Me too. Who is it on r slash beer money?
Yeah, it's a good, it's honestly a good thing. It's for people who are like, it's like basically like easy ways to make money kind of. Um But I signed up for this like yesterday, but my person didn't show up so I was like, yeah,
This
is pretty hold.
Yeah.
Oh, I I don't know because when I did it um Like I just waited like six minutes and then I closed the screen and then it just asked me like it just asked me like why did you not complete it? And I was like partner did not show up and then I was kind of
All
I
was wondering what you expected?
Okay. That's good to know. I had no idea what to expect because like I had no idea. So
Um I started by during quarantine because I it's been well it was it was really slow at my job like two months ago. And so I'm always on Reddit like constantly and so like I was like on reddit that's how I discovered like R slash beer money and I was like that is like genius. But I never I haven't done anything else besides prolific. Um
Like some
people like make a lot of money doing them. Thank.
I mean yeah.
Yeah I feel the same way I actually was just checking out. Okay so I think I started doing it like I want to say like april. Um But yeah I've made $100 like I haven't really like I usually just have it like when I'm like at work or something and like the little pop up will tell me. But um Yeah. Yeah
I
think it's cool. I've seen people like on r slash of your money, there's this thread and it tells you like how much money did you make this this month? And like I mean I haven't seen it for june but I see people make a lot of money doing something, I'm like oh my god. Yeah.
I am.
from um Yeah, it hasn't affected me like really in that way. Um Yeah I haven't been on it like much like this past week for sure. I've been so busy but um but
what
was the most
I was gonna ask like what's like the most interesting study you've done?
interesting.
court
Burton.
Yeah I've done one being before. Yeah. The games are cool.
Okay. My most interesting one was probably the first one I've ever done honestly and like I still think about it because it was kind of cool like it was um I think it was like kind of related to covid. Um So it kind of hard to explain but like there was like a picture um so they would show pictures of people wearing a mask and stuff and so like you press like either like on the keyboard like A. Or l. You know like left or right. Um And then they would start then associating words with it. So like they would associate, I mean I think I got the reasoning behind the study. It was very interesting because they did like they would show like someone who was white and it would be like the words would be like good or like I don't know like they would be positive words. And then I noticed they did for like when they had people wearing a mask who were african american they would put like bad evil or something and then
they switched
it and then they did that and I was like it was really easy and then like they switched it and I was like oh my god like get them wrong. I'm like oh my god I still think about that study because I was like holy crap like I I kind of struggled on that and I know I'm not the only one.
that was
Yeah. There it's kinda yeah, there was one. Oh yeah, I've been doing a lot lately like job interviews like mock job interviews which like I'm so over doing like I did one last night and like I'm just so over it. Mhm.
You can imagine
Yeah definitely. Do you know like a lot of people who have been laid off?
I know. I know. Yeah.
Yeah, I know, I felt the same thing and then um it didn't really honestly i it really didn't like take a toll on me until like the market volatility happened like the huge recession um stock market freaking tanks like so bad. Uh When was that? I don't remember. Those were like the worst times. Truthfully like it was crap at work
so
we are now like in recovery from that like all of that. No.
Do.
Big.
Yeah.
It's a weird, it's a weird time for sure.
yeah I know
I think so
yeah, I was gonna say I'm like I was nervous, I was like yeah let's do one more minute,
I
literally
do not. Yeah. Um What's your name?
My name's Jazz, Lynn
J. A. Z. L. Y. N. N.
Yes. Thank you.
Hey that's funny. That's really good. Yeah. What's like what's the name like the origin of that name? Yeah.
Yeah no that makes sense.
That's
No that's really cool. My dog's name is Miss My dog's name is also after like kind of like a tv show. Um His name is mr peanut butter, he's from Bojack Horseman.
Okay. It's like my favorite show. But um yeah, my dog has the same personality as this one character on the show, and like, I swear to God they're the same. It's wild.
So
yeah, you need something to watch during this whole quarantine thing.
Yeah, it was nice meeting you, too.
All right, so I guess we just like exit out of the cab. Okay,