Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
uh
Yes, this is actually my last time. Six time. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. I started doing this in june one time. I had a bad experience. They're worth Uh three times in a row. Someone didn't show up.
Right.
Mm I
always
want, I always show up when I say I will.
And those were scheduled early in the morning. Maybe people were sleeping in or I don't know.
Yeah the last month were all in the afternoon and those all worked
told you right from the beginning that I might get a phone call because I'm waiting for a call from the dealership. I have to pick up the car later so I don't know when they are calling it. I hope they don't call during the chat.
grind.
And Missouri can
near Kansas city.
My wife and I like north Carolina even though we have never been there. but we have seen plenty of pictures and it's so pretty there.
water.
Oh nice. That's actually what we looked out. We we both love that area.
My
Right. That's right. Here we are. Far away from any ocean. Uh huh.
It's
my
fault.
Yeah, it's good. I like it. The only thing I don't like is uh tornado season. I absolutely despise that.
no,
luckily it was very quiet this year.
No, no.
No, no. The tornado season starts really kicking off in april and goes through june and then that the only time when it overlaps with hurricane season a little bit, but it's basically when hurricane season starts tornado season ends.
Yeah, we had not a single tornado watch that has never happened before.
I thought the same thing. I thought the same thing. I doubt and next year will be that quiet.
Yes, I know
lawyers.
Yeah, I saw that tornadoes are very rare there. I would like to live there.
I
lived there in 2007-2011. Then we moved to Indiana And then we came back to Missouri in 2014. And our years since then I'm originally from Germany. You probably heard my accent.
All
I
All
Oh wow, that's nice. I started a couple of months ago I started teaching german online.
No.
I lost my main job in february and I'm kind of looking for something to replace it. So uh that's something nice. But I only have one student so far and she actually after two lessons something happened. I don't know if it's a family thing or so and she stopped for now. She wants to continue later but I don't know when later is, so
I'm from cologne.
This.
My parents and my brother, they all still live in Kano.
No, I got married here.
I would like to go to Germany again. I was there last time I was there was 2013, that's quite a while ago. I used to go over there once a year or so. What? Haven't been there in seven years?
huh.
Just Skype or so? Yeah,
We've seen them in person since 2013.
that's horrible.
That
is long.
Yeah, Washington state is pretty far away from you.
No.
chris
I like the pacific northwest, although I have never been there but I've seen plenty of pictures. I really like it.
This
is
and the marlins too. I like that. Uh huh.
I'm
sorry.
No.
And
and that's definitely
on my bucket list. Mhm.
We travel occasionally but not very often. I used to travel a lot when I still had my other job but no longer hanging I don't know I don't really like the long flight when I go overseas that's kind of I don't know. Uh huh.
brian.
Yeah.
And I was in Chicago Was it? I think in 20 13.
Yeah 2013. Actually at that time I had to renew my German passport because of the German embassy uh is in Chicago and now I don't no longer have to do that because I became a citizen last year.
So. Yeah thank you. Uh huh.
Yeah they actually when you look it up they tell you that it takes at least half a year. But I was lucky I went through the whole process in four months pretty much exactly four months And I did it for the same reason my green card was expired expiring in December 2019. Then in April I I thought oh I don't want to renew it because it's kind of expensive cost 500 something and applying for citizenship was only 700 something so the difference wasn't too big. I thought then I better apply for citizenship because then I never need a green card ever again.
so I did that send my implication in then uh after a few weeks I got the invitation
to
come to uh for biometrics fingerprinting and stuff like that. Uh That was one appointment then a couple weeks later I got the notice to come for my interview and interview english test and uh civics test. That was then in july sometime I passed that after that just uh there was just the oath ceremony and that came in august later in late august and they did it was really a nice experience. They did that in the big baseball stadium here. Yeah.
Almost
500 people got sworn in all together. Right.
and
we all
yeah and uh we got free tickets for the game afterwards. That was kind of nice. No
Yeah but
I lost my german citizenship so because I didn't apply for allowing me it for to have another citizenship so I lost that
difficult market.
You know
I have to actually have to ask for it and it takes
for them to respond to that. So the Germans are very slow with that and I didn't have that time because my green card was expiring so I wanted to get that over with and now the german citizenship is
gone.
I could probably get it back but I will probably have to do a test or something like that but we shouldn't be
too difficult for me.
Oh
huh.
Morning
I'll
take bad. Yeah but when I lived in Indianapolis the closest one with Chicago and Chicago would also be when I lived here in Kansas city it would also be Chicago. So from here it's a little further away. But now
I like
it too.
We actually extended the stay, we stayed for almost a week there uh just to have a vacation and we walked through the whole city. All agree.
and imagine I liked it too.
It was
I was there in august so most it was nice. Yeah.
We even got that in Indianapolis. We got that too. Although Indianapolis is not right at the lake but we did get lake effect snow.
What?
Yeah my wife is from South Dakota and she, she does not like the winters there. They are too harsh.
I
wouldn't mind. I can deal with the cold better than with heat.
When I was young I could never be hot enough for me but now I don't like the heat and that's one problem here too because Missouri gets very hot and humid in the summer time. The winters are okay.
we get a fair amount of snow you the way my wife doesn't like it, but I like it actually. Where where I come from in cologne they rarely ever gets no there that's because it's kind of in a uh how do you say that? Um The word is missing when there's mountains and you're in
the
valley. That's
it.
Kelowna is kind of in a huge valley and it's fairly close to the atlantic ocean and that's where the weather comes from and it's always mild. So it never really gets cold unless there comes a high pressure system from Russia, which is rare because it has to come from the east. Normally the weather flows from west to east and not from east to west. So most times there's hardly any snow. My parents told me last winter, they have not seen a single snowflake. Nothing.
Thank
you. I told my wife I actually like it here because it's almost guaranteed you will you will see snow in the winter time. We got snow yesterday. It was all wide outside. Yeah there
third time in the road that we got october snow. Uh huh. It has never happened
before.
Yeah I'm fine.
Oh Yeah we have 32 today, yesterday Yesterday it didn't go above 29.
Hi. But uh when we get october snow, it's not necessarily an indicator that it will be a harsh winter because last year we got snow in october and we got very little snow in the winter.
it's
my
my I always hope for a white christmas I really like that it's difficult, it happened I think two years ago we did have a white christmas but last year we didn't.
uh huh
I am because it's kind of fun doing that the very first time I was very nervous but now that now I consider myself almost a professional already, so
it's kind of
same here,
because I'm introverted, that's why that's why I was very nervous before the first time, I didn't know how that's going to go, but it went very well actually,
and so
I think
at least she wrote me a great review, so that's on there and I know I'm on lessons dot com and uh huh I never thought anything, I would get any students when I signed up for it and it actually took a long time I signed up there I think in february and she contacted me in september yeah
Yeah, maybe if you find me you can probably hire me.
I did too. So are you sure we are ready? I'm not sure. Uh huh
going
on.
Right just one or two more minutes and then we shook
No no not not too it wasn't not too different,
it's
a little bit different and I got Americanized pretty pretty fast
what was?
Yeah in the beginning I couldn't really have conversation like now because I only had my school english and that that was by far not good enough but
Yeah that was my problem when I first came here to but now uh and I didn't understand people if they have talked really fast but that's not a problem anymore it's german and english had kind of have become one language in my head I sometimes
don't even realize it when I talk with my parents and they they don't speak english very well and sometimes I mix english in there and I don't even recognize it.
you know.
first time I ever came to the US was in 2001 and uh I visited a French and we went to New York. I had a terrible headaches after the first day because I try to understand people, I had no idea what they were saying.
yeah it has changed because now I'm surrounded by it all the time and my wife doesn't speak german so we only speak english at home
so.
bitch
What?
That's
I watched
a lot of tv and stuff like that that helped me to become more fluent actually just being forced to listen to it all the time.
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I did the same thing with uh temperatures for example and Germany they measured in Celsius. So I have to get used to Fahrenheit and I had a thing on my desktop that I put it on Fahrenheit and I forced myself to leave it on there so I have to learn it.
I
do have to say I still have a big problem with measuring liquids. I never learned those so I'm still helpless with them.
Right? I don't know what balances when I see something like 20 oz. I have no idea what that is. What I actually bought a plastic measuring things. It has answers on one side and leaders on the other side.
But I got
And what was kind of easy was getting used to feed and miles because you're exposes all the time on the road? Well pretty well I think I would be confused now if I went to Germany and drive drive there, I would be confused with kilometers per hour.
yep. Yeah.
Right. Uh huh. No they interact on the same side there, that was easy, but they didn't accept my driver's license here so I had to actually redo it from scratch, doing the uh uh the reading test and the driving test both
at the yeah at the time I didn't understand it but I have to say um being here for a while, they have indeed a lot of different road signs here and they all look different than the road signs in Germany so it does make sense that they make you do it. I agree. And they for example they have they don't have four way stop in Germany or something like that. I actually like it, I think it's easier than how the Germans do it. Uh
they have that. Oh yes, but if you are on the the crossing, always the car at your right has the right of way, that's kind of complicated. And even when you drive down a road and there's no sign you have to stop because if there's a side road from the right, they have the right of way. Mhm No matter if it's a little road uh that's how it works and that that is kind of complicated.
I remember one time I came back from Belgium or Netherlands and had an american in front of me on the autobahn and he drove on the left lane all the time. There was no reason he was not passing any cars. But in Germany that's not allowed. You have you uh by law you must use the right lane, you can only use the left lane to overtake another car. And uh in America that's different, you can choose your lane and that if you want to drive left, that's fine here.
And
he
didn't know that Germany that that is not allowed.
I mean,
I mean
I
not landed for him now.
Yeah, the rules are different. So it did in the end it made sense that they may made me do the driver's license here again. But I I like it how they do that with the four way stop and I think that's much easier than they than in Germany.
they don't necessarily put stop signs there and you have to stop even if there's no stop sign.
Uh huh.
Thank you too.
You know what man?
You too