How are you?
Wow, nice to see you. Mhm.
Have you done one of these before?
This is my third time connecting with someone, so this is good. Oh
Yeah, I've had two no shows and then like I said, you're my third conversation, so I'm glad to see you because I would rather have a conversation than not. Uh huh.
Uh huh. So
what's
your name?
Yeah, me too. Me too. Maybe, I don't know, people get busy or something and they forget about it or
Should be yeah, I put them on my calendar, so I get a reminder of 30 minutes beforehand then that way I know.
Mhm I can only ever do afternoons, so I would be one of those people that would sleep through a morning one, so I've had
well if it happens it happens and that's
that's okay. Yeah. I mean there's no getting around uh telling them when to call you. So what part of the country are you in?
in Missouri?
Oh okay, I'm in north Carolina. Mhm.
Yes, I live in the mountains um close to
Asheville.
Mm Hmm. Yeah, it's a really, really beautiful area, I've lived here since um 2006 and uh I moved away for a couple years and went out to California but always come back here, so it's a beautiful
place to be and the people are nice and there's just a lot of things to do here besides being the mountains, like it's not that long to go get to the ocean, you know, so spend time with the ocean and lakes and all of that stuff.
you're pretty you're pretty landlocked in there. Mhm. I'd say I've driven through Missouri but I'm not not ever visited anywhere in Missouri um but
I mean
I've heard
good things about it, I've known people from their everybody is always so friendly from there, so it must be a good place.
Oh yeah. I can imagine that would be frightening to have to live under that kind of stress during that
season, I can imagine.
Mm hmm. Yeah. None of the hurricanes really uh transformed your weather into tornado weather. Did did they
are they normally at the same, are they in the same season, tornadoes and hurricanes?
Okay. All right, well I'm glad that you had a nice calm year, relatively speaking,
wow, that's nice. It got a breather this year. Maybe be prepared for next year.
They don't really get anything like that. We get um like
weather from like the hurricanes will get rained from that sometimes,
but really nothing too terrible down here is pretty mild.
How long have you been in Missouri
cut up?
that's great. I'm actually taking beginning german in college right now, so
I know I know a little bit, I can, I can say dekeyser Vivian uh in high school I can count
too, you know, I can count and I can do colors and close
and I'm really enjoying it, I really, really like it.
Oh really? Oh cool, that's cool.
So what made you decide to start doing that?
What part of Germany are you from?
Okay, nice. I've never been, I've never visited but it's on my list of places to go to visit the country
and and see a lot of the sites there eventually when all of this covid stuff kind of, it's quiet down a little bit. Yeah. Um My family is originally, my mother's side is originally from Latvia, They moved here um just after the war. Um And I'd like to go there too. And so yeah, I'm excited that you're german. That's awesome. Uh
Oh yeah. So did you come here for work?
Oh well, there you go. That works too nice. Nice. Yeah. I'd love to start being able to travel again. That's one of the things that I really miss um with us being very careful is not really having the opportunity to make a decision to travel. Uh You know, But I have some places on my list that I would definitely like to see.
wow. Have you seen your family um
like in person um that are living there or just like over facetime and whatever.
hmm. Yeah,
wow. Yeah, that's a long time. Yeah. I have my youngest son. Um I haven't seen him for two years. He lives out in Washington State. Um, I
mean not as long as seven years, but two years to me seems like a long time. He's
coming
down in a couple weeks, so I'm going to be really excited to finally see him again. Uh huh. Oh
yeah, it's beautiful. I lived in California um for two years, but on two separate occasions. Um and um I moved out there because he and his wife at the time were expecting a child and I wanted to be closer when the baby was born.
Um, so Washington wasn't so far from southern California for me to have a flight, right? And then I decided to move back over here to north Carolina. So it's been, it's
been challenging.
It's really beautiful there, it's so lush
and green
and it's just really beautiful.
I visited um Portland um and I have been um just north of Seattle um a little island called Whidbey Island out there, that's where my son was living. Um And um I've been to um what's those faults? Goemon Falls, have you seen the pictures of the waterfall um with
the bridge
going over? It's
one it's a really famous waterfall out there and uh yeah I highly recommend
it, it's such a beautiful part of the country. Portland is really cool and
you know
if you like to read you know Powell's bookstore and in Portland is an awesome bookstore there, like one of the biggest bookstores in the country and it's pretty amazing. Yeah it's a beautiful part of the country. Yeah. Yeah. So do you like to travel when you have the opportunity? Is that something that you and your wife like to do or? Good? Uh huh.
I've not ever gone overseas. Not yet. Um but I've done a lot of driving across America so that's kind of my preferred method is just kind of get in the car and you know dr you know someplace and I feel like I get to experience more when I do that.
So yeah I
miss doing that. I mean I don't want to travel right now because I want to be safe but I do I do really miss probably another son that lives in Chicago and um to drive from here to Chicago is only nine hours. So I usually see him you know for four times four or five times a year I'll drive up there and see him and he'll come down but not we haven't seen each other now for a year because of all of all of this stuff now the last time what he came down and visited me and thanksgiving so been almost a year.
well.
I'm
Must be so I don't know what's involved with that. I mean I know my mom went through that when she was older she decided that she didn't want to just be here on her green card, she wanted to go ahead and become a citizen but I don't know what that entails. Is it a pretty lengthy process for you to do that?
Right. That's nice. And you don't have to keep paying that money out every so often. Mhm.
I'll
help.
there were quite a few people that were with you that were swearing and the same
time,
wow, that's amazing. That's awesome. So did you
have
big big party when you were done Did you to celebrate?
That's cool.
Well.
Oh bummer so you can't it's not automatically
dual citizenship you have
to actually.
my mom.
but
of course can you can you apply for dual citizenship with Germany now that you're an american citizen?
Well
that's true yeah
I learned that because my mother was born in Latvia that I can apply for a citizenship there. Um And it's something that I would be interested in looking at the dual citizenship being american and latvian citizenship. Um
But I think the closest um latvian embassy is I think someone told me it's in Atlanta um which is about 3.5 hour drive four hours from where
I'm at right
now.
love Chicago, it's a beautiful city you
know
I wouldn't I don't want to live there because the winters, but my son loves it, so I'm glad that happy.
Yeah, it's a really great city and I did the same thing when I went and visited him um like the first time after he moved there, which is uh jeez I guess he's lived there now for four years um and that's what I did, like he went off and did his thing and I just watched the city all day long, just kind of see where everything was and experience it and it was great, I really enjoyed it. Mhm
But
I've been there in the wintertime when it's been not very good weather and it's not very enjoyable.
yeah, they have a lot of lake effect snow, so they get a lot of, you know, they're coming right off of the lake and it's called
yeah, it's close enough that, that you would um, you would get it, I've driven through Indianapolis a few times, so yeah, it's pretty close. I lived in Michigan for 15 years before I moved down here to North Carolina. So I'm familiar with the winters up there and that's part of the reason why I moved
down here because I didn't want to have to deal with those winters anymore.
That's what I hear that they have pretty brutal winters there for sure. So I'm sure she's
glad.
Yeah, as I get older, I, I feel the same way like it's easier for me to adapt to being cold than it is for me to be hot for sure. Sure.
yeah, pretty mild. Yeah.
And
in the valley.
In the
valley.
it's kind of sad. I mean I do like at least one good snow every winter, you know?
That's
Holy go
You're glad
enough a lot of them.
I uh I am Holmes the c we got snow here, we got one really good snow last winter was probably january. Um but today I went on a hike earlier today, it's like 70 something degrees right now.
Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Yeah it's beautiful fall day today. Beautiful here.
Mhm. What was it? I was looking at the farmer's almanac. Um I don't know if you are you familiar with the farmer's almanac? Uh And they're saying that we're supposed to have a dryer uh winter this winter. Um Which bums me out because like I said I like to have at least one, you know big snow just so that I could be cozy in my house with candles and make a soup and you know read a book all day and you know all that stuff so we'll see I guess
things
are
Mhm. Yeah it's been a while since we've had a white christmas um we had a blizzard probably five or six years ago, that was around christmas time but it wasn't like I like the nice fresh snow on christmas day you know instead of you know it's already all there but you know I'm just being picky I guess. Yeah
so yeah that's good, well we're almost done so this is your are you sad that this is your last conversation? Are you relieved?
and
I wouldn't think that I would like it because I'm a really introverted person, like I don't really interact a lot with people um
But I found it to be really enjoyable so I was surprised that I found it to be enjoyable.
Oh good awesome. Well I hope you get somebody back to teach german to. Um I think that's
cool and I think that's a great way for you to be able to make some money during this kind of weird time network
at.
Yeah it's a long time. Yeah you know I have one more semester of german that I'm required to take. I'm working on my psychology degree right now and then I will probably continue on with it because I enjoy it so much. So.
Very horrible, awesome. All right well I hope you um you know are successful with that and I really enjoyed our conversation today.
we can talk a little bit more I mean I show
that
we're at 26 minutes so we should be good but we can talk a little bit more just to make sure we have a buffer.
For sure. So you said you moved here from Cologne in 2007. So was it a big um was it a big culture shock? Was there a lot of things different?
Well that's
good.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Work.
Yeah, you're probably where I am right now with German, I can say a lot of phrases but I can't really have a really in depth conversation with someone in German, I can understand what people are saying probably 75% and I can read it pretty good but I can't really hold a big long conversation yet.
That
well that gives me hope because I watch some german language shows on netflix to you know, kind of keep me learning and uh they speak so fast that it's
you know, it's hard to kind of keep up with it and I can kind of hear a couple of words here and there that I'm like okay, they said this, I think so, to know that you kind of have the same experience, but on the reverse side, that's that's really cool, and that makes me happy to know that eventually
well you speak, you speak great english now, you know, I wouldn't be able to tell that you had a hard time with it at all. Uh huh,
my
professor likes to um to do immersion learning, so he primarily speaks german in class, um but I think that
these past couple weeks he has realized that that doesn't work for all the students, so we've been doing a lot of review the past couple weeks because and he's been speaking more english in class because you know, people weren't really getting it, but I've heard that immersion
is the best way to learn a new language is just to be in it and listen
to it, figure
it out.
Right, that's right, I think it's kind of a sink or swim mentality, right, you either have to learn what you're hearing or you're never gonna feel to communicate with anyone.
uh it's a good way to do it, it's like the metric system uh it's amazing that americans are not on the metric system, but so many people don't understand the conversion
uh for those things,
that's what google is for.
oh there you go, That makes it easy for you then, Yeah, so I think um I think 16
16.9 oz as a leader I think that's that's the conversion I think british true yeah.
right. Do they drive on the same side of the road that we do? Oh yeah,
I thought maybe we were just the odd country out and we were the only country that grew up on this side.
Mhm. Well I guess I could kind of understand that because the rules are probably a little bit different.
Do they have a roundabouts? Is that what they use?
Yeah I could see being an american and Germany and not knowing that and getting into an accident. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah,
I
mean
it's it's like a recommendation that we only
drive
in the right lane
and only passed left but it's not there's not
Yeah. All right. Uh Uh huh. Well it makes sense to me. Yeah.
Oh for sure. Yeah. I I would be nervous I think driving knowing that there's not a sign and I have to be aware that if there's a room coming up I should stop because they're not gonna stop coming from the right.
Uh huh mm. Safety 1st I guess. Uh huh.
Mm Well cool, awesome. Well thanks for the conversation today
And I will say good bye as too sick baseball and I feel the same
take care