SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, of course. Okay. You know that. Thank you. Oh no. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, no. Okay. Mhm. Let's go for me. Thank you. Okay, go back upstairs. What would you say that? I'll keep my friend. I trust you. Mhm. Looking for accommodation. Mhm. You need to open.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Hi, I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying not to get too much glare. Okay let me turn my life. Only see if that's better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh is that better?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's better.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: How are you know?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you? Have
SPEAKER_L: Been
SPEAKER_R: ever done
SPEAKER_L: cleaning
SPEAKER_R: one of these?
SPEAKER_L: all day so it's kind of like in work that space.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You understand that? We
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: just got done trying to figure out what to do for dinner. We've been painting in our house so I kind
SPEAKER_L: it's for
SPEAKER_R: of understand that. Have you ever done one of these conversations
SPEAKER_L: So have you
SPEAKER_R: before?
SPEAKER_L: done this before?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you ever,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this is my last one. This is my 6th. So yeah, yep. It's my last one.
SPEAKER_R: You've been having been good conversation so far. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh All but one yeah. One was really bad. That was yesterday. But you know, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: you never know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exciting. Well yeah this is my first one uh A little nervous I was supposed to do in a couple weeks ago but we got um I had to make an emergency trip somewhere so I had to cancel it. You never know what's going to happen in these conversations.
SPEAKER_L: That's the truth. Yeah, that's true. But you know, I I really like prolific. I like they're you
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: know, they're good it's a good company I think.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been doing their surveys and stuff long?
SPEAKER_L: Um Since like the middle of june and you know, I mean they pay immediately. I mean there They're just good. They don't have like a really high minimum. It's only like $5 and they'll send it out to you and you get it immediately so they're really reputable like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been with them or been doing surveys. My husband sent it to me last year but I've kind of been on and off or sometimes I'll remember to them and then I forget. But this last time I'm like okay
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I have nothing better to do since Covid. So then on a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, exactly. Well, I'm in new york and they have, there are a lot of focus groups around here. They're companies. So I used to do things where, you know, you go out and you test something or you talk about an ad or whatever and uh but now everything is online
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What part of new york?
SPEAKER_L: queens. So yeah, I'm right outside.
SPEAKER_R: morning.
SPEAKER_L: Where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I am in New Mexico. Yes, but I used to live out in pennsylvania. I went to school out there for a little bit. So uh
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: school
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: and down
SPEAKER_L: you go
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: to?
SPEAKER_R: between um it was I can't even think of the name because it wasn't it was more of like a leadership program. So the school with few was um
SPEAKER_L: See I only
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: know the area around Mount Bethel in East Strasburg. So if you were any place other than that anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know we were out and um Westchester, so it was like an hour and a half outside of Philly. So it was out that way. It was a really small school and I sad, I don't remember. This was probably though like eight years ago, so that's why I'm like, wait what what was it? I don't remember. But that's exciting. Okay, so how long have you lived in new york your whole life or?
SPEAKER_L: I moved here for good in 1987. So I've been here for a long time. Yeah. So like basically since I graduated from college, I've been living here, so I
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: like it.
SPEAKER_R: how is it right now, as far as like environment or restrictions or lockdowns or like what does it look like
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: for you guys out there? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: know, Governor cuomo's really been pretty strict. Um And so like now on the subway you can get a fine if you don't wear a mask, stuff like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: that. Like there we're still pretty, I don't know, not completely locked down, but there's definitely restrictions. Um I'm surprised that, you know, I only live a couple of miles from Elmhurst Hospital, which is where the epicenter was, like when it was just really bad in here. And I can't believe that there are people running around without any mass on and just like not
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: not paying attention to it at all. And I mean we we still have like the hospital that's near us is still set up with like you know
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: an outside morgue area just in case you know we need them. So I mean to me that seeing that and seeing the mass graves and stuff like that. Like how could you not take it seriously? You know? But so I'm just and also my husband 65 and he has diabetes and I have pretty bad lungs so I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: worry
SPEAKER_R: have,
SPEAKER_L: about it. You know, How is that where you are?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well, we were doing pretty good and lately the cases have been spiking up, they've been saying that we're not one of the hot states and stuff were on the border of el paso. So I know also has been really bad. But I mean, I don't know, it's kind of hard to say because I know that between the flu and covid it's it's kind of hard for them to decipher they've said like what it is If that makes sense just because I'm we're a lot warmer here. I don't know what temperature you guys are but we're like high 80s into the low 90s still. So they're like, you know, it's perfect breeding ground and some at night though it dropped so cold so everybody's kind of immune systems are down because um with everything dying and growing again, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well the thing for us is that even though it's um you know it's not necessarily just that it's cold here, it's that everything starts happening inside and if you're inside and you don't have like good air circulation then you know that's that's that's an issue too. And I mean I just had my first covid test because I was out registering voters in Manhattan and I and I started to feel sick and you know like now it's like if you feel sick you're like uh so I went and got a got covid test and you know, luckily it was it was negative but that was the first time that I've done it. I have a friend who's done it like I don't know three times already. The
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I did at one time my sister was having eye surgery so I had to get it done because she was gonna need somebody to take care of her for at least 24 hours. So that's the only time. But I had the rapid test done so I actually didn't get the nose swap one so I haven't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: done
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: that yet.
SPEAKER_L: I did both of those. I did the rapid one because there was a place in Manhattan that had just gotten it and I really wanted to know like right away if I was, you know, going to have to somehow we're in a one bedroom apartment. Like how I would distance myself from my husband. I have no idea. I would have to like saran wrap myself or something, you know? But so I wanted to know um but I know it's not 100%. So then I got the the longer one to which was a little less invasive in the nose than the other one.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. That's that's good. So, but I've got everything came out, well at least for you on that end
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, you know, I mean you never know. It's just that it's hard to know. Like you were saying like whether what's the flu and what's covid unless you're tested, you don't really
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: necessarily know. And so flu symptoms are like a lot scarier then they have been any other time, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that is definitely
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: true. And as far as like so in queens, so I know I'm like on the news and stuff, we would hear about all the riots and stuff like where you are in that area. Did you guys see a lot of that or like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: pro, there's our
SPEAKER_L: it was mostly really, it was seriously overblown. They it had the stuff that was happening with Black Lives Matter protester with a couple of them out in Brooklyn where people were getting nuts. And the thing is that the people who are doing the damage are not the regular peaceful protesters. They're just like people who want to stuff
SPEAKER_R: antagonizing.
SPEAKER_L: up, you know just for the heck of it. Yeah and then you know you'd also have things where some police officers would just be like out of control and that would just like make it even worse. So it was kind of like it's just it's been very tense so I just avoided those types of things. But um I saw one thing where this girl who had I guess she graffiti building which is not great. I mean I'm not for that. I think it's really bad but they actually cornered her in the middle of the street in Manhattan and um put her in an unmarked vehicle and just drove off with her and there are all these people like what are you doing? And you know they're not they don't have their insignia and they don't have like any, there's no like badge number or anything. You can even go by like I can't imagine that girl like how scared she was at that point. But you can't, you can't graffiti buildings like, you know, they're, they, you know, they can guard any sort of federal or state or local businesses and all of that, you know, So if you do that, like you're just really making it worse for everybody else. But it hasn't really hasn't, I haven't seen much of that at all. And my friend lives around Union Square, so she's actually gone to a few protests that were around there. And for the most part they were for the most part they're very peaceful.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, we don't, we uh I want to call them protesters like gatherings at the corner where our library is where I live. There's been a few of those, but not much. I think it's been interesting to see um just how everything is different in the different states. Like it kind of opens your eyes up to what's out there because I think it's easy to get caught up in your own little bubbles and different cultures like here, you know, were predominantly hispanic, but like mix, like it's such a really good mix of people that for the most part you don't see any diversity. So when it comes out in the news, you're just like hand like trying to I guess grasp what's going on and like what real what's overblown what Yeah, you know, and so it's been a very interesting year I think to say the least I'm ready for to get moved on from all of this.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah, that would be, that would be great. Yeah. I was like too afraid to go to any protests. Like at first, But then what happened was I saw, I waited to see what happened with the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: Black
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: Lives Matter things because, you know, it was a lot of people and they were
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: outside and most of them were masked, but still, you know, you're getting tear gassed and stuff and you're coughing and your screaming and all that stuff. So I waited to see if there was going to be a spike after that, like two weeks afterwards. And there really wasn't a spike, I think because it was outside. So then I felt like, you know, I could sort of go out. So I I I most of the stuff that I've gone to has been like things about just like the number of people who died of Covid, it's just kind of like little vigils and stuff like that where we walked across the Brooklyn bridge and things like that. So, you know, um But that was all very peaceful and in general the groups here are very well organized where um if they see somebody who is starting to like be violent or do something, they like try to get that person off and you know, you don't engage with, you know, you don't yell back at people when they're, you
SPEAKER_R: energies,
SPEAKER_L: know, being rude. Yeah, so it's like there and this one group that I marched with their they've been around since act up, which you know when AIDS first came around in new york and that she was part of the the leader of the group,
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: are,
SPEAKER_L: they have a lot of experience. So so I felt pretty safe comparatively, but stuff is so tense right now that it just feels all the time, like something could explode or yeah somebody somebody goes in and decides they're going to smash something up. Um And then it makes everyone look really bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, wow, that's very interesting, you know, just hearing it from somebody else's perspective because um I don't really know many people, a lot of my friends have moved from there and stuff that I know that I used to live out there and you know, they're surprised and that was one thing that, you know, one of my friends was like it's probably overblown, they're like, you know, but it's an election year, so everything is going to always be overblown.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely and you know what and the truth is when there is violence, I mean it's really it's really scary and it's really scary people who own the businesses that are getting you know looted or whatever. Um So there really hasn't been much of that here but you know there's been some like really upsetting police brutality. Um And I I understand why the people in the Black Lives Matter movement are so upset but um you know when there's people who freak out it just makes it it just makes it bad for but I understand why there, I understand why they're so upset. It's just and and a lot of times at least I've seen in a lot of times the people who cause trouble who do the looting and the rioting and stuff like that are not with the people who are protesting because it actually makes everything unsafe if you're in the middle of a group and then all of a sudden, you know, stuff happens, but I was really surprised to see things like the police driving their car like into a group of protesters, like stuff like that. I just, I mean I know that it's new york and like a bad reputation,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but everything that I've participated in up until maybe the end of last year, the police were like very helpful, you know, they take care of you um and things kind of started to change around and say like last november things started to get harry with the police, like kind of turning on people and not treating them very well. But yeah, I'm so ready for this to be over. I just want to go back to being like a person who doesn't care about politics and you know, who doesn't feel like I need to go protest things or like, you know, I want to be like done and selfish and like myself, you know? Yeah, I wouldn't worry about like boring stuff like not like, oh my God, who's going to live, Who's going to die? You know? I just, it's 21
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: 2020 is like I said, it's like dog years, you know how like a dog year is seven years like I feel like 20, years long.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it just seems like it's never ending, but I will say I'm surprised that we're already almost through october, like I never thought we were going to get this close to the end. Oh that's kind of nice, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's finally yeah, I mean that's the one thing about time, I guess it's going to pass, you know, no matter what, it's just I really feel like this has been like the worst year ever, you know, at least that I remember and you know like we've all been through stuff but this is just I mean ridiculous. It's like you're like covid, you got murder hornets, you've got like I mean just ridiculous like when are the Locusts and the and the frogs going to start flying, you know, coming out of the sky? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it definitely feels like that sometimes where you're just like um I like as soon as it gets good, you're waiting for it like calm before the storm, right before, you know like I live midwest so like tornadoes, you're like that's not good like as soon as it gets your like um and you're just like waiting for it, you're like okay, when is it coming?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my my husband's from Tulsa so he talked about like he'd get a lot, you know, they get bad tornadoes and stuff coming through there so Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I never really went through that growing up. I'm from originally from a really small town in northern new york, it's like up on the Canadian border. Well I mean nothing much really happened there, but
SPEAKER_R: my dad was military so we moved around everywhere, but the place that we lived in, Ohio and when we lived out there, we got a lot of tornadoes. And there was actually one time one of the tornadoes, we lived in like a U. Shape um cold a sack. And so the 26 bun in the middle of that, not the tree down on my neighbor's house. And I'm like that's like the one thing I always remember, my husband has never seen tornadoes and he's like, I always want to see when I'm like, no, I'm like, you
SPEAKER_L: No you don't
SPEAKER_R: you're on your own. Like I do not want to be near them. I do not want to, you know, anything. You know, we live in New Mexico and it's possible to get tornadoes, but where we live in the valley, they get broken up really fast. So even if there was one, it would
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: an odd
SPEAKER_L: it wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: chance.
SPEAKER_L: damage. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I'm like, if you want to move outside of that, I'm like, you can go buy your own summer home during tornado season goal, it enjoy it and you come
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: know, have them watch some Youtube videos of storm chasers like dying because we're driving towards a tornado
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: or her.
SPEAKER_R: know? Yeah, so I'm just like, oh yeah, I'm I'm good where we're at and glad we don't have that kind of weather and stuff, you know? And I'm glad that it's fall. I'm finally glad that the hot, the heat is going away at least here because it gets really hot here so it's cooling down some.
SPEAKER_L: well how how hot is it usually like this time this time of year right now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well usually it drops usually were in the mid to low 70s this year, we've been warmer than normal. Um We've been staying in the high 80s, mid to low 90s. Mhm. Usually like by October 31, we usually will get like our first snow get super cold Halloween night. But I did hear there's a cold front coming in, so we're probably gonna go from really hot to really cold really fast. And so that's never fun because then you can like we're upping the kids as vitamin C. And getting ready for that because everybody gets sick around that time. So I'm like okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Because it's like such a rapid change. It's like you don't get any all it goes directly from summer into into winter.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well and here we don't really get
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: winter until like the end of December, beginning January. Um there was every like 7-8 years we'll get a really good winter, but for the most part, because of where we live, for the most part, it's like fall the whole year round were usually like in the sixties for the most part. Um last year I think we were it got cold last year a little bit, but it didn't snow until january And I got cold, but it stayed cold into May. Which is weird because we usually get like monsoon season and stuff and it usually gets like the 70s 80s by about March. But
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: it didn't,
SPEAKER_L: 3rd season and new, wow.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. So what we get the remnants from the States around us? So from texas, So everything comes up from texas and the
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You know, I wasn't even thinking about that. My geography sucks.
SPEAKER_R: No. So yeah, so any kind of weather that we get that texas gets, we usually get the remnants of it when it moves through and then
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: colorado, that's usually where we get the cold. So because we kind of got the two states right there, come in and so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I feel like after, you know my hometown was just so cold and I don't feel like I moved south enough and when we've been over to like, we were in Arizona. Oh my God, a long time ago for a trip. Arizona and Utah and I just love I love seasons but not like crazy seasons where all of a sudden you're getting like tons of snow. I like to be able to drive to the snow. Like if I had my, I'd love to live in some place like Flagstaff where it's you know you've got the warm and you've also got like trees and you know snow but it's not like crazy bad and I I just, I like your weather out there like but we have my sister and my sisters in law both live in Miami and it's not if the humidity is so close, you know I would rather be in like hot. Although we, the one time I went to Tulsa with Louis it was like 100 and nine degrees out and it was just like crazy. It was so hot,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what happens here, it gets really hot, but the heat doesn't last too long. We go about 23 months where it's super hot So it'll go anywhere from like 100 the highest I think I got this year with 103 104. Um But because so I live in Las cruces, so like we live in the perfect right now are everybody from California and all the retirement states, like our markets are so hot right now because everybody is moving from where they are to come here because we live in the middle. So if you want to see snow you can go one way to like our mountains, Cloudcroft are skiing resort or you can go north and but in the middle um it'll get cool, it'll get crisp, you know, it doesn't get too hot. Um It's kind of um it doesn't get as hot as Arizona, it doesn't have as much humidity either. So we're kind of like perfect little bubble and stuff. And we have like the
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: mountains
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: around.
SPEAKER_L: pretty perfect.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's pretty nice. I mean the only bad thing about it is the wind. When they do, we do, we get like windy season and then the wind will kick up and that sometimes get pretty bad. But that's about for the most part that's about it. But it's pretty nice. It's, you know, we like it and most people, you know are like, oh you live in like a retirement area
SPEAKER_L: Not great.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like, you know, eventually though I want to move out to like Fort Worth Dallas like texas area. My husband wants to do like a little farm, so I told him when he retires we can do that, but he still got some time
SPEAKER_L: that sounds nice,
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds really nice. Yeah wow, it sounds pretty uh pretty sweet where you are and you know what the whole retirement community thing it's like come on I mean there's a reason people are retiring there, it's because it's perfect. So what's the problem with that? You know? Except that they probably live like prices up in your in your neighborhood?
SPEAKER_R: Um our prices are up but they're not, they're not horrible. Um Like our taxes are pretty deep, our taxes are pretty low for the most part, you know prices, I mean there's areas that are really expensive if you want to live in. Um there's really expensive but like for where the neighborhood we live in, you know the price has gone up. But I mean for our home it's about, it's about normal so if we were to sell it, it's not like it's super expensive or anything. So I don't know, I think it's it's a weird balance. I don't know how to explain that things are going up, but it's not like if you were to move to like um like you said florida or California new york or things where things are really expensive, it's really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's the thing here is I mean I really love um I really love living in the city but um it's it's so expensive. I mean we couldn't even think about buying anything around here like if if we're ever going to retire it it can't be here, this is just not a great place to be old, there's just it's just ridiculously expensive. And even some people have been saying, well you know prices are going down, like rents are going down because so many people are fleeing the city and that's, you know, I guess that's somewhat true, but it's still like ridiculous, like I think like san Francisco is more expensive than new york, but it's
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: just crazy. So
SPEAKER_R: like how much do you guys, if you don't mind me asking, do you guys pay for like the one bedroom?
SPEAKER_L: Um well it's a decent size one bedroom and we've been here for 20 years. I can't even believe I've been in the same, I've been in the apartment for 20 years, I I don't think we'll ever own anything at this point and I'm kind of okay with that, but my you know my husband is really bummed about it. Um But We pay like I think it's 1465 a month for the one bedroom, but it's uh it's a decent size for one bedroom, it's not like a one bedroom where it's like a closet, you have like a closet for a living room, in a closet for a bedroom, it's it's decent size, but it's because we're in queens. If this was in Patton, This apartment would probably be at least 3000 a month. It's just crazy.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I can't imagine that.
SPEAKER_L: and I can't either. It's you know, because a lot of the I mean a lot of the homes, you know condos co ops, the stuff are bought by you know, foreign government, you know uh foreign companies where they're basically just empty all the time except for when somebody actually comes into the city. So there are a lot of places that are, you know, people are plunking down like Over $1 million dollars for more for
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: a place that's basically empty most of the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's crazy, that's I wouldn't even have guests happened.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I don't know if it's that it's a way to pay less taxes like launder your money or what what it actually it is that that benefits these people who are you know super rich too to do this. But so the thing is that people who make a normal amount of money are sort of priced out of the city because everybody is going after like the really high ticket people, so you know, we just keep getting pushed out further and further and further and eventually like you run out of new york
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: why don't you ever decide there's always
SPEAKER_L: or.
SPEAKER_R: plenty of land here? I know we own our home, we uh it's a four bedroom, it's like 1800 square feet, but we pay about 11 11 26 a month for what is it? Not rent but for our
SPEAKER_L: Woods,
SPEAKER_R: house people so with
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: anything,
SPEAKER_L: really great, 1800 sq ft. That's so nice, that sounds really great.
SPEAKER_R: so do you guys, so you guys are still working out there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I like kind of have like a little like Etsy business which is just kind
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: of small.
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah. Um after, I mean after the first women's march, after trump got elected, I was marching and I sort of made my own science and then people said they liked them and so I started making the science, but I taught myself design like um and just put a shop together of different stuff and you know, I mean normally it wasn't political at all. So I'm really looking forward to being able to like go back to just, you know, making funny stuff and, but um, you know, I met some really cool people and so I do that. My husband works that put, it's a reseller. Um it's really funny is that
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: He works in the Trump one of the Trump buildings that's down on 40 wall and we were protesting out side of their like two months before he got the job there. And we just thought that was like wrote super funny because you know, I mean it is what it is like, I mean people are so divided over what they feel like. It's I shouldn't even talk about it. It's just that that's kind of like what I what I sort of fell into doing for like right now and I hope that everything is all cool afterwards and yeah I can just like like I said go back to being selfish.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely understand that. I think we all need a little bit of selfish after these months.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's definitely been rough. Um But it was great that my husband was out of work for like a year and a half and then during lockdown he was here all the time and you know it's good to have some space back but and he's really he's really careful um at work and most people didn't go back to the company, most people are working remotely but you know he likes being here and he's like and he's like right next to the boss and it makes him look good and you know I can't afford to like lose, lose a gig right now. But he actually loves the job too. And the people are really nice, which is awesome.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. That's good for him
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: and exciting for him to be able to find something. Yeah. It's hard to find things I know here it's kind of hard to find jobs and things because things will be open then they'll be closed and we have a lot of small business here. Um Not a lot of huge companies. So things are you're watching things clothes and people trying to hop job so you know, it's not something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. And for it to happen before this and that they actually do some healthcare related stuff, which was a lower percentage of their business and now it's like all of their business. Well, um, so at least they're not like they're not shut down. I mean we're just super lucky. I mean really, really lucky. But I mean, you know, if he hadn't found a job, we would have maybe probably moved in with my sister in north Carolina for a little bit and then found some place else to go. And I mean, who knows? But, but we're good here
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but if we ever, if we ever are able to retire, I would definitely want to come out to your part of the country for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Well you guys
SPEAKER_L: Before
SPEAKER_R: are always
SPEAKER_L: this court.
SPEAKER_R: looking for more than a year and out here so, but
SPEAKER_L: Let's go
SPEAKER_R: in this
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: great talking to you
SPEAKER_L: talking to you, too.
SPEAKER_R: and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: You too.