Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, of course. Okay. You know that. Thank you. Oh no. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, no. Okay. Mhm. Let's go for me. Thank you. Okay, go back upstairs. What would you say that? I'll keep my friend. I trust you. Mhm. Looking for accommodation. Mhm. You need to open.
Mhm. Hi, I'm
Mhm.
Yeah, that's better.
How are you know?
Been
cleaning
all day so it's kind of like in work that space.
But
it's for
So have you
done this before?
Yeah. Have you ever,
Yeah, this is my last one. This is my 6th. So yeah, yep. It's my last one.
Uh All but one yeah. One was really bad. That was yesterday. But you know, you know,
you never know.
That's the truth. Yeah, that's true. But you know, I I really like prolific. I like they're you
know, they're good it's a good company I think.
Um Since like the middle of june and you know, I mean they pay immediately. I mean there They're just good. They don't have like a really high minimum. It's only like $5 and they'll send it out to you and you get it immediately so they're really reputable like
What?
exactly, exactly. Well, I'm in new york and they have, there are a lot of focus groups around here. They're companies. So I used to do things where, you know, you go out and you test something or you talk about an ad or whatever and uh but now everything is online
queens. So yeah, I'm right outside.
Where do you live?
what
school
did
you go
to?
See I only
know the area around Mount Bethel in East Strasburg. So if you were any place other than that anyway.
I moved here for good in 1987. So I've been here for a long time. Yeah. So like basically since I graduated from college, I've been living here, so I
like it.
Well,
know, Governor cuomo's really been pretty strict. Um And so like now on the subway you can get a fine if you don't wear a mask, stuff like
that. Like there we're still pretty, I don't know, not completely locked down, but there's definitely restrictions. Um I'm surprised that, you know, I only live a couple of miles from Elmhurst Hospital, which is where the epicenter was, like when it was just really bad in here. And I can't believe that there are people running around without any mass on and just like not
not paying attention to it at all. And I mean we we still have like the hospital that's near us is still set up with like you know
an outside morgue area just in case you know we need them. So I mean to me that seeing that and seeing the mass graves and stuff like that. Like how could you not take it seriously? You know? But so I'm just and also my husband 65 and he has diabetes and I have pretty bad lungs so I
worry
about it. You know, How is that where you are?
Well the thing for us is that even though it's um you know it's not necessarily just that it's cold here, it's that everything starts happening inside and if you're inside and you don't have like good air circulation then you know that's that's that's an issue too. And I mean I just had my first covid test because I was out registering voters in Manhattan and I and I started to feel sick and you know like now it's like if you feel sick you're like uh so I went and got a got covid test and you know, luckily it was it was negative but that was the first time that I've done it. I have a friend who's done it like I don't know three times already. The
I
like
I did both of those. I did the rapid one because there was a place in Manhattan that had just gotten it and I really wanted to know like right away if I was, you know, going to have to somehow we're in a one bedroom apartment. Like how I would distance myself from my husband. I have no idea. I would have to like saran wrap myself or something, you know? But so I wanted to know um but I know it's not 100%. So then I got the the longer one to which was a little less invasive in the nose than the other one.
Yeah. I mean, you know, I mean you never know. It's just that it's hard to know. Like you were saying like whether what's the flu and what's covid unless you're tested, you don't really
necessarily know. And so flu symptoms are like a lot scarier then they have been any other time, you know?
It's
No,
it was mostly really, it was seriously overblown. They it had the stuff that was happening with Black Lives Matter protester with a couple of them out in Brooklyn where people were getting nuts. And the thing is that the people who are doing the damage are not the regular peaceful protesters. They're just like people who want to stuff
up, you know just for the heck of it. Yeah and then you know you'd also have things where some police officers would just be like out of control and that would just like make it even worse. So it was kind of like it's just it's been very tense so I just avoided those types of things. But um I saw one thing where this girl who had I guess she graffiti building which is not great. I mean I'm not for that. I think it's really bad but they actually cornered her in the middle of the street in Manhattan and um put her in an unmarked vehicle and just drove off with her and there are all these people like what are you doing? And you know they're not they don't have their insignia and they don't have like any, there's no like badge number or anything. You can even go by like I can't imagine that girl like how scared she was at that point. But you can't, you can't graffiti buildings like, you know, they're, they, you know, they can guard any sort of federal or state or local businesses and all of that, you know, So if you do that, like you're just really making it worse for everybody else. But it hasn't really hasn't, I haven't seen much of that at all. And my friend lives around Union Square, so she's actually gone to a few protests that were around there. And for the most part they were for the most part they're very peaceful.
Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah, that would be, that would be great. Yeah. I was like too afraid to go to any protests. Like at first, But then what happened was I saw, I waited to see what happened with the
Black
Lives Matter things because, you know, it was a lot of people and they were
outside and most of them were masked, but still, you know, you're getting tear gassed and stuff and you're coughing and your screaming and all that stuff. So I waited to see if there was going to be a spike after that, like two weeks afterwards. And there really wasn't a spike, I think because it was outside. So then I felt like, you know, I could sort of go out. So I I I most of the stuff that I've gone to has been like things about just like the number of people who died of Covid, it's just kind of like little vigils and stuff like that where we walked across the Brooklyn bridge and things like that. So, you know, um But that was all very peaceful and in general the groups here are very well organized where um if they see somebody who is starting to like be violent or do something, they like try to get that person off and you know, you don't engage with, you know, you don't yell back at people when they're, you
know, being rude. Yeah, so it's like there and this one group that I marched with their they've been around since act up, which you know when AIDS first came around in new york and that she was part of the the leader of the group,
so
they have a lot of experience. So so I felt pretty safe comparatively, but stuff is so tense right now that it just feels all the time, like something could explode or yeah somebody somebody goes in and decides they're going to smash something up. Um And then it makes everyone look really bad.
Yeah. Absolutely and you know what and the truth is when there is violence, I mean it's really it's really scary and it's really scary people who own the businesses that are getting you know looted or whatever. Um So there really hasn't been much of that here but you know there's been some like really upsetting police brutality. Um And I I understand why the people in the Black Lives Matter movement are so upset but um you know when there's people who freak out it just makes it it just makes it bad for but I understand why there, I understand why they're so upset. It's just and and a lot of times at least I've seen in a lot of times the people who cause trouble who do the looting and the rioting and stuff like that are not with the people who are protesting because it actually makes everything unsafe if you're in the middle of a group and then all of a sudden, you know, stuff happens, but I was really surprised to see things like the police driving their car like into a group of protesters, like stuff like that. I just, I mean I know that it's new york and like a bad reputation,
but everything that I've participated in up until maybe the end of last year, the police were like very helpful, you know, they take care of you um and things kind of started to change around and say like last november things started to get harry with the police, like kind of turning on people and not treating them very well. But yeah, I'm so ready for this to be over. I just want to go back to being like a person who doesn't care about politics and you know, who doesn't feel like I need to go protest things or like, you know, I want to be like done and selfish and like myself, you know? Yeah, I wouldn't worry about like boring stuff like not like, oh my God, who's going to live, Who's going to die? You know? I just, it's 21
2020 is like I said, it's like dog years, you know how like a dog year is seven years like I feel like 20, years long.
I mean it's finally yeah, I mean that's the one thing about time, I guess it's going to pass, you know, no matter what, it's just I really feel like this has been like the worst year ever, you know, at least that I remember and you know like we've all been through stuff but this is just I mean ridiculous. It's like you're like covid, you got murder hornets, you've got like I mean just ridiculous like when are the Locusts and the and the frogs going to start flying, you know, coming out of the sky? Yeah.
Yeah my my husband's from Tulsa so he talked about like he'd get a lot, you know, they get bad tornadoes and stuff coming through there so Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I never really went through that growing up. I'm from originally from a really small town in northern new york, it's like up on the Canadian border. Well I mean nothing much really happened there, but
No you don't
It
was
it wouldn't
damage. That's good.
You
know, have them watch some Youtube videos of storm chasers like dying because we're driving towards a tornado
or her.
well how how hot is it usually like this time this time of year right now? Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Because it's like such a rapid change. It's like you don't get any all it goes directly from summer into into winter.
But
My
3rd season and new, wow.
yeah. You know, I wasn't even thinking about that. My geography sucks.
Well,
I don't know. I feel like after, you know my hometown was just so cold and I don't feel like I moved south enough and when we've been over to like, we were in Arizona. Oh my God, a long time ago for a trip. Arizona and Utah and I just love I love seasons but not like crazy seasons where all of a sudden you're getting like tons of snow. I like to be able to drive to the snow. Like if I had my, I'd love to live in some place like Flagstaff where it's you know you've got the warm and you've also got like trees and you know snow but it's not like crazy bad and I I just, I like your weather out there like but we have my sister and my sisters in law both live in Miami and it's not if the humidity is so close, you know I would rather be in like hot. Although we, the one time I went to Tulsa with Louis it was like 100 and nine degrees out and it was just like crazy. It was so hot,
It
sounds
pretty perfect.
Not great.
that sounds nice,
that sounds really nice. Yeah wow, it sounds pretty uh pretty sweet where you are and you know what the whole retirement community thing it's like come on I mean there's a reason people are retiring there, it's because it's perfect. So what's the problem with that? You know? Except that they probably live like prices up in your in your neighborhood?
I
want
yeah that's the thing here is I mean I really love um I really love living in the city but um it's it's so expensive. I mean we couldn't even think about buying anything around here like if if we're ever going to retire it it can't be here, this is just not a great place to be old, there's just it's just ridiculously expensive. And even some people have been saying, well you know prices are going down, like rents are going down because so many people are fleeing the city and that's, you know, I guess that's somewhat true, but it's still like ridiculous, like I think like san Francisco is more expensive than new york, but it's
just crazy. So
Um well it's a decent size one bedroom and we've been here for 20 years. I can't even believe I've been in the same, I've been in the apartment for 20 years, I I don't think we'll ever own anything at this point and I'm kind of okay with that, but my you know my husband is really bummed about it. Um But We pay like I think it's 1465 a month for the one bedroom, but it's uh it's a decent size for one bedroom, it's not like a one bedroom where it's like a closet, you have like a closet for a living room, in a closet for a bedroom, it's it's decent size, but it's because we're in queens. If this was in Patton, This apartment would probably be at least 3000 a month. It's just crazy.
and I can't either. It's you know, because a lot of the I mean a lot of the homes, you know condos co ops, the stuff are bought by you know, foreign government, you know uh foreign companies where they're basically just empty all the time except for when somebody actually comes into the city. So there are a lot of places that are, you know, people are plunking down like Over $1 million dollars for more for
a place that's basically empty most of the time. Yeah.
I mean, I don't know if it's that it's a way to pay less taxes like launder your money or what what it actually it is that that benefits these people who are you know super rich too to do this. But so the thing is that people who make a normal amount of money are sort of priced out of the city because everybody is going after like the really high ticket people, so you know, we just keep getting pushed out further and further and further and eventually like you run out of new york
but
or.
Woods,
that's
really great, 1800 sq ft. That's so nice, that sounds really great.
Yeah, I mean I like kind of have like a little like Etsy business which is just kind
of small.
Uh Yeah. Um after, I mean after the first women's march, after trump got elected, I was marching and I sort of made my own science and then people said they liked them and so I started making the science, but I taught myself design like um and just put a shop together of different stuff and you know, I mean normally it wasn't political at all. So I'm really looking forward to being able to like go back to just, you know, making funny stuff and, but um, you know, I met some really cool people and so I do that. My husband works that put, it's a reseller. Um it's really funny is that
He works in the Trump one of the Trump buildings that's down on 40 wall and we were protesting out side of their like two months before he got the job there. And we just thought that was like wrote super funny because you know, I mean it is what it is like, I mean people are so divided over what they feel like. It's I shouldn't even talk about it. It's just that that's kind of like what I what I sort of fell into doing for like right now and I hope that everything is all cool afterwards and yeah I can just like like I said go back to being selfish.
Yeah it's definitely been rough. Um But it was great that my husband was out of work for like a year and a half and then during lockdown he was here all the time and you know it's good to have some space back but and he's really he's really careful um at work and most people didn't go back to the company, most people are working remotely but you know he likes being here and he's like and he's like right next to the boss and it makes him look good and you know I can't afford to like lose, lose a gig right now. But he actually loves the job too. And the people are really nice, which is awesome.
But
Yeah, definitely. And for it to happen before this and that they actually do some healthcare related stuff, which was a lower percentage of their business and now it's like all of their business. Well, um, so at least they're not like they're not shut down. I mean we're just super lucky. I mean really, really lucky. But I mean, you know, if he hadn't found a job, we would have maybe probably moved in with my sister in north Carolina for a little bit and then found some place else to go. And I mean, who knows? But, but we're good here
like,
yeah, but if we ever, if we ever are able to retire, I would definitely want to come out to your part of the country for sure.
Before
this court.
Let's go
up.
talking to you, too.
You too.