Hi.
I'm trying not to get too much glare. Okay let me turn my life. Only see if that's better. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh is that better?
Hi.
Good. How are you? Have
ever done
one of these?
Okay. You understand that? We
just got done trying to figure out what to do for dinner. We've been painting in our house so I kind
of understand that. Have you ever done one of these conversations
before?
I haven't no.
No.
You've been having been good conversation so far. Yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah exciting. Well yeah this is my first one uh A little nervous I was supposed to do in a couple weeks ago but we got um I had to make an emergency trip somewhere so I had to cancel it. You never know what's going to happen in these conversations.
Well
Have you been doing their surveys and stuff long?
Yeah I've been with them or been doing surveys. My husband sent it to me last year but I've kind of been on and off or sometimes I'll remember to them and then I forget. But this last time I'm like okay
I have nothing better to do since Covid. So then on a little bit.
Yeah. What part of new york?
morning.
I am in New Mexico. Yes, but I used to live out in pennsylvania. I went to school out there for a little bit. So uh
then
up
and down
in
between um it was I can't even think of the name because it wasn't it was more of like a leadership program. So the school with few was um
it was
Yeah, I know we were out and um Westchester, so it was like an hour and a half outside of Philly. So it was out that way. It was a really small school and I sad, I don't remember. This was probably though like eight years ago, so that's why I'm like, wait what what was it? I don't remember. But that's exciting. Okay, so how long have you lived in new york your whole life or?
how
how is it right now, as far as like environment or restrictions or lockdowns or like what does it look like
for you guys out there? Mhm.
All
So
the
you
have,
Um Well, we were doing pretty good and lately the cases have been spiking up, they've been saying that we're not one of the hot states and stuff were on the border of el paso. So I know also has been really bad. But I mean, I don't know, it's kind of hard to say because I know that between the flu and covid it's it's kind of hard for them to decipher they've said like what it is If that makes sense just because I'm we're a lot warmer here. I don't know what temperature you guys are but we're like high 80s into the low 90s still. So they're like, you know, it's perfect breeding ground and some at night though it dropped so cold so everybody's kind of immune systems are down because um with everything dying and growing again, you know?
Yeah I did at one time my sister was having eye surgery so I had to get it done because she was gonna need somebody to take care of her for at least 24 hours. So that's the only time. But I had the rapid test done so I actually didn't get the nose swap one so I haven't
done
that yet.
Okay. All right. That's that's good. So, but I've got everything came out, well at least for you on that end
and
that is definitely
true. And as far as like so in queens, so I know I'm like on the news and stuff, we would hear about all the riots and stuff like where you are in that area. Did you guys see a lot of that or like
pro, there's our
antagonizing.
Okay. Yeah, we don't, we uh I want to call them protesters like gatherings at the corner where our library is where I live. There's been a few of those, but not much. I think it's been interesting to see um just how everything is different in the different states. Like it kind of opens your eyes up to what's out there because I think it's easy to get caught up in your own little bubbles and different cultures like here, you know, were predominantly hispanic, but like mix, like it's such a really good mix of people that for the most part you don't see any diversity. So when it comes out in the news, you're just like hand like trying to I guess grasp what's going on and like what real what's overblown what Yeah, you know, and so it's been a very interesting year I think to say the least I'm ready for to get moved on from all of this.
it
is
just
energies,
They
are,
Yeah, wow, that's very interesting, you know, just hearing it from somebody else's perspective because um I don't really know many people, a lot of my friends have moved from there and stuff that I know that I used to live out there and you know, they're surprised and that was one thing that, you know, one of my friends was like it's probably overblown, they're like, you know, but it's an election year, so everything is going to always be overblown.
What?
it's a lot, yeah,
yeah, it just seems like it's never ending, but I will say I'm surprised that we're already almost through october, like I never thought we were going to get this close to the end. Oh that's kind of nice, yeah.
yeah, it definitely feels like that sometimes where you're just like um I like as soon as it gets good, you're waiting for it like calm before the storm, right before, you know like I live midwest so like tornadoes, you're like that's not good like as soon as it gets your like um and you're just like waiting for it, you're like okay, when is it coming?
my dad was military so we moved around everywhere, but the place that we lived in, Ohio and when we lived out there, we got a lot of tornadoes. And there was actually one time one of the tornadoes, we lived in like a U. Shape um cold a sack. And so the 26 bun in the middle of that, not the tree down on my neighbor's house. And I'm like that's like the one thing I always remember, my husband has never seen tornadoes and he's like, I always want to see when I'm like, no, I'm like, you
you're on your own. Like I do not want to be near them. I do not want to, you know, anything. You know, we live in New Mexico and it's possible to get tornadoes, but where we live in the valley, they get broken up really fast. So even if there was one, it would
be
an odd
chance.
Yeah. So I'm like, if you want to move outside of that, I'm like, you can go buy your own summer home during tornado season goal, it enjoy it and you come
back.
You
know? Yeah, so I'm just like, oh yeah, I'm I'm good where we're at and glad we don't have that kind of weather and stuff, you know? And I'm glad that it's fall. I'm finally glad that the hot, the heat is going away at least here because it gets really hot here so it's cooling down some.
well usually it drops usually were in the mid to low 70s this year, we've been warmer than normal. Um We've been staying in the high 80s, mid to low 90s. Mhm. Usually like by October 31, we usually will get like our first snow get super cold Halloween night. But I did hear there's a cold front coming in, so we're probably gonna go from really hot to really cold really fast. And so that's never fun because then you can like we're upping the kids as vitamin C. And getting ready for that because everybody gets sick around that time. So I'm like okay.
Yeah. Well and here we don't really get
winter until like the end of December, beginning January. Um there was every like 7-8 years we'll get a really good winter, but for the most part, because of where we live, for the most part, it's like fall the whole year round were usually like in the sixties for the most part. Um last year I think we were it got cold last year a little bit, but it didn't snow until january And I got cold, but it stayed cold into May. Which is weird because we usually get like monsoon season and stuff and it usually gets like the 70s 80s by about March. But
it didn't,
mm hmm. So what we get the remnants from the States around us? So from texas, So everything comes up from texas and the
No. So yeah, so any kind of weather that we get that texas gets, we usually get the remnants of it when it moves through and then
colorado, that's usually where we get the cold. So because we kind of got the two states right there, come in and so Yeah.
Yeah, that's what happens here, it gets really hot, but the heat doesn't last too long. We go about 23 months where it's super hot So it'll go anywhere from like 100 the highest I think I got this year with 103 104. Um But because so I live in Las cruces, so like we live in the perfect right now are everybody from California and all the retirement states, like our markets are so hot right now because everybody is moving from where they are to come here because we live in the middle. So if you want to see snow you can go one way to like our mountains, Cloudcroft are skiing resort or you can go north and but in the middle um it'll get cool, it'll get crisp, you know, it doesn't get too hot. Um It's kind of um it doesn't get as hot as Arizona, it doesn't have as much humidity either. So we're kind of like perfect little bubble and stuff. And we have like the
mountains
around.
Yeah, it's pretty nice. I mean the only bad thing about it is the wind. When they do, we do, we get like windy season and then the wind will kick up and that sometimes get pretty bad. But that's about for the most part that's about it. But it's pretty nice. It's, you know, we like it and most people, you know are like, oh you live in like a retirement area
and I'm like, you know, eventually though I want to move out to like Fort Worth Dallas like texas area. My husband wants to do like a little farm, so I told him when he retires we can do that, but he still got some time
so.
Um our prices are up but they're not, they're not horrible. Um Like our taxes are pretty deep, our taxes are pretty low for the most part, you know prices, I mean there's areas that are really expensive if you want to live in. Um there's really expensive but like for where the neighborhood we live in, you know the price has gone up. But I mean for our home it's about, it's about normal so if we were to sell it, it's not like it's super expensive or anything. So I don't know, I think it's it's a weird balance. I don't know how to explain that things are going up, but it's not like if you were to move to like um like you said florida or California new york or things where things are really expensive, it's really
not
that
lot
like how much do you guys, if you don't mind me asking, do you guys pay for like the one bedroom?
wow, I can't imagine that.
What,
that's that's crazy, that's I wouldn't even have guests happened.
No
why don't you ever decide there's always
plenty of land here? I know we own our home, we uh it's a four bedroom, it's like 1800 square feet, but we pay about 11 11 26 a month for what is it? Not rent but for our
house people so with
anything,
so do you guys, so you guys are still working out there?
No,
I mean
and
Yeah, I definitely understand that. I think we all need a little bit of selfish after these months.
That's good. That's good for him
and exciting for him to be able to find something. Yeah. It's hard to find things I know here it's kind of hard to find jobs and things because things will be open then they'll be closed and we have a lot of small business here. Um Not a lot of huge companies. So things are you're watching things clothes and people trying to hop job so you know, it's not something.
That's
good.
Yes. Well you guys
are always
looking for more than a year and out here so, but
in this
great talking to you
and I hope you have a great rest of your day.