Hello?
Good, how are you?
I am
in a car right now but I'm
not driving
How about you?
Oh new york. Uh
uh well um yeah, I live in new york, Delaware. It's it's in I guess it's like North Delaware. Uh How
how is the weather?
Oh yeah,
I always hear that it snows a lot in buffalo.
Dangerous.
Uh
uh Probably about my way home, uh I was visiting a relative, so uh yeah
I guess I'm just going home. Uh What about you?
that's
good,
so
you work the night shift
asking?
alright right now I'm in between jobs. Uh I had a job until earlier this year then like it was a temp job and then it ended, so now I'm looking for another job
actually, it ended right before Covid, right before the whole covid thing started, so just sort of happened in and around the same time. Um But the whole covid things made it more made it more difficult to find a job change things a lot since then yeah.
Can
I eat?
I was doing data entry. It was uh yeah I guess it was a pretty simple job. Is doing just data entry from a computer ah
typing
Yeah sort of like that. Um.
that's what it did get pretty crowded. I remember before Covid it was pretty crowded. So yeah. I wonder how that place is running now.
Yeah maybe maybe they use that. Um Yeah I know a lot of places are doing uh work from home and using zoom
a little bit. Well right now I'm taking a course. I'm taking a course in um oracle uh programming. Ah It's like a program for databases. Um. Uh Yeah I'm trying to get a certification in that. That's that's what I'm doing. I hope I'm hoping if I get a certification oracle I'll find a better job.
I think about six months.
Yeah that's that was the thing. Yeah but that would be a good time
I think. I think the job would be um database administrator.
Yeah. Yeah like um programming and I was used to do it part time on my own before. Um I guess I was learning it for a while on my own and then I decided I wanted to you know get some certification
in it so I could find a job in the field.
Uh Well I know some javascript I think I was good at uh javascript. I didn't really I didn't spend much time with C. Or C. Plus plus or python.
My name is Elias.
meet
you.
Well I've been using the site for a few years I guess. I found it at one time. From the internet. Ah
Have you ever heard of the site? Amazon mechanical turk?
really?
Yeah, I think it might, I think I heard of that happened. I think they might make you wait a few few months to get approved or something like that.
It is sometimes um I mean I like prolific more. It seems like prolific gives better hits in general.
I think I heard of it. I never really tried it.
Could
be.
Yeah. I don't think, yeah, I know. My employers wouldn't want you to give like take pictures of your badge or your identification or give
them to people.
One sauce. I saw something about amazon one time or mechanical turk. Like Give us a copy of your college transcript for $5.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah. It makes me wonder if they're going to pretend they have a college, they're going to, somebody's gonna pretend lie and say they have a college education. What they don't with your transcript.
Okay. No, I'm still single.
How
about you? Uh no kids yet. Yeah, I'm still uh yeah, I'm still single. I guess I haven't, I haven't been um really dating. Yeah.
I think what name? Yeah it would be more difficult.
Oh that's nice.
Okay. Got to um
daycare. Yeah, that's a
Oh yeah I did yet. And now um the cost of daycare, it's going up. It pays pretty well for the people who work in daycare.
Yeah. Um Yeah, I've always, I've always lived in Delaware actually, I've never um never lived in another state and and you're from Virginia?
Uh huh.
Is
that is that is that close to the beaches?
No I guess not not. Let me think there's I guess, I mean I think And Atlantic City in New Jersey is not it's probably an hour or two away. Uh um And I guess
there's beaches in Maryland I think that are probably at least within a few within 22 or three hours, some like that.
No really, I've been there in a long time actually. Uh It seems it's a I think it's a nice looking place. Um I mean the hotels are nice but I'm not really interested in going to casinos, but a lot of fancy hotels.
a lot of, there's
a lot of retired people, yeah.
Um Niagara Falls, I don't I don't think I have. Is that is that almost in Canada?
Um Well seen buffalo as a lot colder is a lot colder in the winter than Virginia. Right.
Yeah, I've actually I've done a few of them now, I think this is this is my 4th 1. Yeah
because they they had him a few weeks ago, I did one bang now, I've done a few this uh this past two weeks
I think I think all the variety of people, I think two of them were college students uh
when it one of them I think was working for a small business. Um Yeah, I guess it was a variety of people.
really?
It's cat.
Mhm. Oh, that's funny.
No, I don't think any of them were rude. Uh Yeah I mean some people were more uh some people more shy than others but I don't think any of any of them been unpleasant.
It's
good.
age.
Yeah I did actually. Um Yeah I spent a lot of time in college. Um Uh huh. I kind of uh um a bachelors degree then. Um I got an M. B. A. Degree. Uh Yeah. Um How about you, did you go to college?
Well um
Uh University of Delaware. It's the uh
I guess it's the biggest school in Delaware. Um
And I the thing is um we'll have to see me I guess my degrees probably haven't helped me that much getting a job to be honest. Uh I mean all right, I like the experience of going to college but um yeah it doesn't seem that so far it's been hard um to to get a job that like uses my degree or um or to get a to get a higher level job. Yeah.
I guess at the time it was It's probably about 10 years ago I was interested in business. Um I guess I used to do more online selling on on say Ebay. Um I was interested in business and I guess I was having difficulty finding a job so I just decided to get another degree. That was probably the main reason I was just interested in business in general.
Mhm. Yeah I think it helps a little. Um I do I mean it probably helps sometimes um just having a degree. I know just having a degree can uh impresses employers. Some employers. Okay.
Yeah.
Performance.
I don't God
damn.
I'm
gonna stop
there. Mhm.
Uh What's your job right now?
Oh, that sounds neat,
Isn't it?
Yeah, I mean it sounds like for that job, I wouldn't want to have too much excitement.
All right,
airline pilots that um is that um I guess uh I've been on a few flights, I guess the only I mean I just I'm thinking of some
video games, I've played Flight Simulator, video games, that's so I really know about flying.
It
Yeah, that's the types of ones I played like East Combat.
Uh Sometimes yeah, may have played a fair amount, not as much as I used to.
Um Well, I've been playing this game, I've been playing games on my three Ds. There's this game 00 Virtue's last reward or zero escape I think this name game
Oh. Oh that's right. There's a mobile version of that game do you? Is it how is it different from the pc or the console once?
Oh yeah. Yeah I don't think I'm gonna stream a
anything
that's
good.
years.
Yeah. Let me think. Uh Maybe 500. I don't know if I could guess.
it is yeah when when they're available it is good.
Yeah I've got that for for chrome. Yeah I use that.
Yeah those ones are tough to get
of them, yeah I do miss some of them. Sometimes you get lucky and you can get it and yeah
uh Few times I probably just kept clicking for them and for like 30 seconds and then I got it after 30 seconds of clicking. Uh
But uh yeah, a lot of times I miss it. If it has too few people, only three slots available probably won't get it.
Uh I was just I was selling video games um Mostly yeah, like games I either bought from before or that I found in the flea markets, something like that.
Yeah, I think
it's a good site for selling selling, you know if you've got video games lying around that you don't use anymore, you could sell them on Ebay and some of them, some some of the sometimes older games are worth more, depending on what they are.
Yeah, there's a growing up in price a lot.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, it looks, yeah,
it's nice to meet you too.
Thank you and uh good luck with your job.
You too. Goodbye.