Yeah. Uh Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mm, mm. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be grateful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, wow angle. Uh huh. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, wow. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. No details. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh,
hey, how you doing?
not too bad. I think a little bit, little bit broken up, but I think it clears up after a little bit looks like you're in the car maybe.
Hey there.
All
let's go, man. Where you from? All right on.
I'm from new york.
upstate buffalo, wow, upstate new york and buffalo.
What you got
house a while? It was, it was all right last weekend. But this, this weekend I got pretty cold. So it's kind of because of all the lake effect, it gets cold real quick around here so that's that's why it's no so much. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well it's funny you can kind of draw the line across buffalo in the southern part of buffalo
because of the lake effect will get like six ft of snow and like the northern part will get like maybe a foot. That's crazy. I'm not from around here originally so it's the mountain snow that I'm I'm getting here is not uh it was a little odd to me, I'm originally from uh from Virginia so it is a little bit more temperate I guess you could say. Yeah
so we got we got planned for tonight. Looks like going somewhere.
Yeah
Uh I work at nights. Um so I'm just kind of hanging out right now so I go to work at 11 p.m. so um I got yeah I got a little coffee so
we
let me through the day. Okay. Yeah.
Well
yeah I work um I
work for the military so you know terrorism never sleeps apparently. Yeah. But yeah it's all right. I work what do you do for a living?
Okay. Right. On it. Is it because of covid and all that?
Yeah I bet. I mean it's it's tough to find a job right now in this climate is just you know, if you're unless you're I guess doing government work you're subject to probably stay at home and and probably get laid off.
So this
honor man, what do you do what you do before before?
Yeah
that's correct spreadsheets and all that.
Well yeah I can see why they would probably be tough to To fight because you have to stay six ft apart. So you probably got a bunch of people in the building doing data entry. I could I could see why. It's probably tough to find it during during this whole covid stuff now. That's
Yeah it's probably probably uh not so well or uh maybe uh they got a lot of uh people working working from home you think?
Oh yeah yeah well it seems pretty easy to do. So what are you doing? Just like a bunch of like sidekick stuff right now?
all right. On how um how long does it take to finish that?
Okay so a good time to be a good time to do it and that's now that everybody is at home.
Well so you get an oracle certification and then I guess um is it just a computer programming job or what would you do with the oracle certifications?
Mhm. So uh you like computers a lot? Uh
Well
Do you uh do you already know anything like c plus plus or python?
yeah, I just I just know those are two other programming things. That's about the extent of what I what I know. Computer programming. My name's truck by the way. Yeah.
Last Nice, nice to meet you. How'd you, how'd
you
end up hearing about prolific?
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, I did that a long, long long time ago I try to get back into it and uh they I guess I I don't know what the deal is but I can't get back into like my mechanical turk profile and I guess I made a new
yeah, amazon thing, they're like well, hey, we already got enough people doing it, so be gone with you, so I'm on a wait list or something, so I'm.
Yeah, but I hear, I mean it's not too bad. Um Some of the uh the hits that you can do on those are kind of lucrative.
Oh yeah. The surveys and stuff. Yeah. Um They also have this other site that I do called click worker, Have you, have you heard about that?
Um Yeah, so click worker is kind of is kind of like uh mm hmm. I guess it's kind of like amazon mechanical turk or or micro task or whatever it's called Micro workers. Um And that they just have to do different things to and they give you money for it. So like some of them that we got on now is like you have to take a picture of your kids and uh train ai and they make every now and then they'll have like surveys that you take and that's weird things like take a picture, take a couple pictures of cars going by. So I mean that's yes, it's kind of hit or miss on whether or not they're like well paying or just
kind
of weird. So one time they wanted you to like take a picture of your, of your if you have like a badge or something to like an employee badge and your social security card. And I'm like, well hold on there. Nice, nice try. Isis.
I like
yeah, good try there. Okay, move along, go ahead.
Hard, hard pass their their amazon but nice try right?
I guess you can make a
fake one.
What I mean, I guess if it works. So are you are you married?
No
kids.
Yeah, I got well, I mean I I imagine the dating game right about now is a little crazy because dating at a distance probably is not very uh lucrative but.
Yeah. But yeah I got I'm married, I got two kids.
Yeah five and 5 and three. They are, you're fine. Just very expensive, having kids is expensive,
got to pay for daycare man, that's that's the most
my holy crap if you want to, if you want to know how much it costs man, it costs a lot. Yeah you have two working parents, it's not cheap and veteran house for. Yeah.
Yeah I think maybe like the managers and owners, but at least the ones that I go to, they just kind of a Maybe a little bit above minimum waste maybe like $10-12 an hour. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, they try to keep the cost away from the parents who pay him I guess, But there's a there's a pretty high turnover for them because we always the the workers going in and out all the time and moving on to bigger and better things. So I would imagine they probably don't pay it as much to keep them there. Right. Yeah. Are you originally from Delaware?
Yeah. Originally from Virginia. Like the northern Virginia close to Washington D. C. Area? Yes.
This area well on the expensive side to live there. But it's nice
above.
Yeah. Oh I mean you could get to Virginia beach from where I was living in about like three hours, 3.5 hours or so. Yeah. So I mean it's closer than other places but you know it's not so bad. So I don't know are you uh are you close to any beaches or anything like that I guess. Uh You probably kind of far away huh? In the new york?
so.
Yeah you uh you got to atlantic city very often?
Yeah. Well there's uh there's definitely a lot of casinos here in Niagara Falls. And so yeah, I don't really go to him that I worked at a casino as a as a bartender kind of as like a little little side gig thing, you know it's fun. And yeah the old old Betty's with their with their silver and gold hair, walking around, spinning their uh social security checks. Yeah.
of retirement.
Yeah a lot of retirees, Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?
Yeah so its borders Canada and uh us it's it's in Buffalo, in the Buffalo area. Mhm. It's kind of like a 111 shot. And you've experienced, they're all all, there is to see about that Niagara Falls. Yeah it's not like going the Grand Canyon where like you could probably make a week trip out of it. This is like you go there, you see that falls pretty awesome and then you go and do the maid of the mist which is a little boats that they have at the bottom of the falls and he puts around that gets you close to it, you're like oh cool. And then that's about it, that's the extent of your unless you want to go over the Canada side and they have all these tourists, these things that you can do it over there at the Canada side or if you want to go gamble. Of course. Yeah.
Yeah you say that it's like 09 months of winter here. So yeah it's I mean we still get we get a lot of a lot of snow and called here um But you know that's what you get for the price of living here, which not done costs a lot. Have you have you have you done one of these before? The?
is
Yeah. Who did you talk to before?
Yeah.
Yeah. This is uh my 2nd 1. Yeah. Yeah I the guy that I did uh I talked to a guy two days ago and he worked for a chemical company and was a chemical scientists or something, I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah I showed off his cat a lot.
Yeah he had a cat and the cat would come in through the view all the time.
Well he was a nice guy, we uh here's a nice guy. Have you uh you know I met anybody rude or anything like that?
Oh yeah it seems like probably most people would be uh fairly pleasant to talk to on this. I don't know, I kind of think the best of people before passing any judgment, especially if you're just
doing like
a 25 25 minutes or so conversation, it's hard to piss somebody off in 25 minutes, but I guess you could try. Mhm. How how old are you? Okay, so am I 35? Yeah.
Yeah. Did you did you go to college? Yeah.
Yeah I went to I went to college and just got a bachelor's degree and communication studies so doesn't really help at all. Um No no it has not has not provided me with any meaningful uh waste of money.
Yeah and then I went I went to a school in Ohio marietta college so it's just yes a little school. Where did you go to school?
Oh
yeah.
Yeah. Did your N. B. A. I guess? Did you want to be uh owner of a business or something? What drove you to get an idea?
yeah well I mean I M. B. A. S. R. Seemed like there pretty helpful so.
wow.
I mean I was kind of thinking of getting an M.
B. A. At some point but I'm I'm in the military right now working you know in the aviation field so I'm
quite content with my uh I guess where my
my job prospects lie. So I wanted to yeah
I wanted
to be a pilot
Uh you run out of money quick trying to be a pilot unless you go through, yeah once you go through the military
so I work as a sensor operator. So the drones that fly overseas and like Iraq Afghanistan, Syria and all that, that kind of spy on terrorists and all that. That's that's what I do. I just I'm the guy who had who uh I guess controls the what they call the pot the camera on the on the airplane to to spy on terrorists.
Yeah, that's cool. I I enjoy it. It's a lot a lot of time, it's kind of boring, but I mean it's in eloped by times of of I guess what you could would call excitement. So um
things can kick off really quickly when there's guys on the ground that are that are getting shot at and you kind of have to support your guys on the ground so things things can get kicked off pretty quickly and then it uh definitely wakes you up. Uh huh. All right. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. I mean, you would probably prefer to uh just kind of have a low key day, so I would agree with that. But I'm kind of hoping one day to just kind of transition to the manned aircraft and you know, my my brother and my dad were both are both airline pilots and that's kind of what I wanted. Yeah, I wanted to do so, but I ran out of money so you only get so much money to spend before you run out. So maybe maybe one day. Right. Yeah.
Mm.
All
Yeah. Well, you know, I believe it or not, Microsoft flight simulator is uh it's pretty uh pretty accurate. Um if if you know what you're doing, it's it's pretty accurate. You can stall playing just as you would you just don't get the feeling of actually not controlling everything. But um, you know, other than that like I I don't know like
ace combat simulators, any is all that representative of, you know, flying a a fighter jet.
Yeah. Uh You you play a lot of games.
Yeah. What what games did you play in the past?
Yeah. Uh Yeah I don't have a three D. I play all of my games on my phone. Yeah, like Call of Duty Mobile, I'll play that every now and that's fine.
Um I haven't played much of the actual console or pc but I I mean I've seen a couple of videos on Youtube of people playing the console and pc versions and I think like it it generally represents the pc and the console version pretty well. The maps are kind of the same. The controls though are kind of weird, like you got like one side is like you would control the look and this, you like go up and down left and right. So like you just have to control using the uh, like a deep hat on your, on your, on your phone, which is, yeah, it's a little cumbersome, but you get used to it. It's not, I mean it passes the time for me, so I don't really mind it. I'm not looking to uh, be a professional gamer that, that uh, Streams on Twitch and makes $1,000 every minute, you know?
uh huh.
Yeah. But Oh no, it's uh, definitely passes the time. So
over like
three. You said you've been on prolific for like like four or five years or whatever. How
many, how many surveys do you think you've done? I'm just curious over.
Okay, definitely, definitely some good scratch money. Yeah.
Do you have that little, trying to think of what I would call it? The plug in that goes on your computer that will let you know when a prolific study comes up.
Yeah, I feel like everybody has that now. So it's uh, so it's hard to even, you can get it if it pops up like the high paying ones that only have one slide, I'm like darn somebody got to a quicker than I did.
Yeah, but I guess uh if you uh you got a fast computer or something to get them, I don't know, I don't understand how some people get to them so quick, but so it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Hey, what what were you selling uh on Ebay when, when it you're talking about how he used to sell stuff on Ebay? What did you sell? Did you have like a store or something?
okay. And that worked out pretty well, yeah, because uh I'm like trying to get rid of rid of some stuff and it's like it can be it can be challenging and
for
like some old Nintendo games.
Yeah. Yeah, I miss the old Nintendo games. Yeah. Good time. Little nostalgic about them, you know? Mhm.
But um well, I gotta get going, you think? Uh yeah, I got to get cleaning up around the house before I take off for work, but
Uh huh. But it was nice meeting. Huh?
Yeah, good luck. And uh with your NBA?
Thanks man, take care. Oh,