SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yes, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. She, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're talking. Yeah. All right. It's 5:15 so I'm just gonna wait for my partner. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. So much mhm Yeah. Yeah. Can I just plug in to make sure that, yep, talking is not going to provide any feed back into the microphone? I wish I wish I had some airpods, but we'll go, we'll go classic. Hello
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: and how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm all right, so
SPEAKER_L: My name is Ashley, what's your name
SPEAKER_R: I'm brian,
SPEAKER_L: brian? Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, I'm I had a a thing removed from top of my head, so I um have a have a bandage there, so I've been trying to wear a hat or uh
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: something on there and being in the in the privacy of my own room, I kind of took it off to let my head breathe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no, I completely understand. It's, it's interesting how much more conscious I've had to be about like what's on me before I leave both to be presentable, but also
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: to be safe,
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. I I went in, I went in the store just to ask them about a question and they said you can't be in here, you don't have a face mask on, and I was like um uh does this work? No, it's gotta be and and you know, I'm looking at them and they're all they all have beards and they all have face masks and I know that the beard makes their face mask uh
SPEAKER_L: ineffective.
SPEAKER_R: ineffective. Right? And so I'm just kind of okay, your story, your rules. All right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like on the opposite end of it, like no one is practicing social distancing where I'm at right now. And so when I have to go out and walk my dog, I have to like make sure I have a mask on and everything because I know no one else is looking out for me, so I have to make sure that I'm like really looking out for myself.
SPEAKER_R: So where where are you at?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Atlanta. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Tallahassee.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. So we're not too far from one another.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I'm I spent about 5, 5, 6 weeks in Atlanta. Um like october november, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How'd you like it?
SPEAKER_R: um I, I enjoyed it. Um it was, it was an interesting time for me, so it was, you know, it was, it was good. I made some made some good friends there. Um I found I found things pretty, pretty accessible. I was like 23 blocks from from Martha's station so I could just, I mean, you know, nothing was, nothing was quick, but
SPEAKER_L: No, no. Yeah, funnily enough, before I, before I got into this call, I was actually filling out an application because I'm actually trying to leave Atlanta
SPEAKER_R: no, where are you trying to go?
SPEAKER_L: Portland
SPEAKER_R: Can be
SPEAKER_L: quite quite
SPEAKER_R: different. Um So, so what will you do in Portland if you go?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, I'm an actor, so I am, I am my business, so my work follows with me fortunately. Um but I'm just, I'm ready for a new adventure. I'm literally willing to take whatever job just to like collect life experience and try something new because I'm from the south east, so I've never lived anywhere else, so I'm ready to just try something new.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. I like that. And it's kind of funny where I, where I was staying in,
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: in Atlanta. There were, there were several people, I was staying in Airbnb and several people there who were all in the, in the movie industry in some some way. And they were filming you know nearby and like the one they were filming some movie about some football player and the the actual the actual guy whose story it was he would come on to set and he was she said he's just a total jerk. So the story I apparently they're presenting him in a very good light but the actual
SPEAKER_L: who
SPEAKER_R: um not so much
SPEAKER_L: you hear that a lot unfortunately,
SPEAKER_R: but you know, yeah you know it is what it is and uh you're going to make the story and I guess if you're gonna portray the portray the person awards and all, it doesn't always make such a great, a great movie.
SPEAKER_L: right? Unless it's juicy, right? Unless it's going to really bring you something
SPEAKER_R: Well if it's if it's supposed to be this is the hero, this is um the the the young man um like defying all odds and and doing such a great thing and then coming back and giving back to his community or you don't want this guy being a self center, do doing it all for uh you know for his own for his own glory saying everybody look
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: he did you.
SPEAKER_L: I just finished binging the HBO documentary nick millions about the guy who rigged the monopoly Mcdonald's game for like six years. It's fascinating and that's the kind of juiciness about somebody
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: not being in the greatest light that you want to portray,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I mean if it's if it's just you know football star being kind of like the stereotypical um Mhm hot head and big ego then it's not so juicy, that's
SPEAKER_L: right? Because then when you try and make NFL juicy you get whatever that movie will smith was making about the doctor who figured out about the concussions and the NFL didn't want that movie to be made,
SPEAKER_R: No no um the people people don't like the stories that portray their industry in a bad light and I know um I know I've had multiple concussions when I was young and and that's no good.
SPEAKER_L: No, that doesn't sound good. How did you get those if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I was a soccer player, you know.
SPEAKER_L: is like the only sport I follow,
SPEAKER_R: Um so I I always always loved it and I was um fortunately or unfortunately pretty good at it and growing up in indiana, we didn't have a long, uh long storied soccer tradition. And so you had a lot of people in the, in that time period who were essentially thugs and they say, oh, this guy is good, let's just tear them, tear them apart. Um yeah, so I got one time, someone got his head on the back, hand, on the back of my head and slammed my head down,
SPEAKER_L: genies.
SPEAKER_R: he may trip me. Another time was totally incidental. A guy turned, his elbow was up, he caught me just right here and like everyone says, well what do you do, what do you do? I said, I went down like a sack of bricks. Yeah. And uh, you know, the trainers came, that was at a soccer camp, The trainers came rushing out. They, you know what you are you okay? I'm like, uh they said, what day is it? I've got no idea, because I'm at camp. But I remember this morning, it was the 15th because it said so on my watch, like, okay, you're okay, just put some ice on your forehead,
SPEAKER_L: Hey, that's rough. I I can't say I've ever experienced that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that was um the one time in the in the game, I remember it was like, I had horrible headaches all week and there was no there was no protocol for it. Um like, you know, I I probably finished the game, you know, I went back in and I probably didn't know which way was was which, but I remember having horrible headaches at school and uh Having the Tylenol three with coding. Mm not I didn't bother signing it into the the school nurse's office, I'm like, no, I'll just take it when I need it. Yeah, can I go to water fountain?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. I feel. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, but 11 teacher wouldn't let me, it was in debate class, we're gonna do, you know, practice debates, and he wouldn't let me go to the water fountain, and I said, I I need to take my medicine, and he said, no, you can't go. So I crushed it up and snort of it, and uh let me tell you, the delivery is much quicker. I mean, you know, as an adult, I wouldn't even like, you did what? But You know, what, what was I 16? I was like hey, uh
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: man, it went uh then I had to do my speech and the uh the teacher downgraded me for slurring, like, well, you think I slurred? Mhm. And
SPEAKER_L: I would say my experience with the bathroom and high school and and drugs would be not, not a good story where a girl asked to go to the bathroom, went into the bathroom, came back, stopped at the door. The teacher was like, you're not interrupting, it's okay, you can come to your seat, her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she slammed her head on the door knob on her way down. The
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: ambulance had to be called. And yes, she did drugs in the bathroom. So it's people like that, they're ruined it for people like you who are just trying to take their codeine. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's my story. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I am. I think it was when I was in 8th grade, there was this kid, his name was Travis, and he was, and he was invisible. I'll just I'll just say that he was invisible because like I remember he wore this 11 shirt, this t shirt with all the all these possible permutations of the word shit on it, and this was obviously against the dress code, but he worked all day and never got even anything said to him. And so that's that's why I say he was invisible, but for some reason he he liked me, I guess I Like what I found out later was his mom and my mom had gone to this tiny little high school where there were like eight. eight in their class and graduated together, but I didn't find that out till later anyway, one day he tells me um stand guard for me, I'm gonna go put in uh put in two in tobacco, put it and dip, and so um I'm just standing there outside the bathroom like uh you know some teacher comes by I said hey there's someone putting uh putting a dip in the bathroom and then a little bit later he comes out and he says well thanks for standing guard for me. Like did you get caught? He said no. I said how did you avoid getting caught? He said the teacher came in, he um he may be turned out my lower lip but I put it in my upper lip so he see me. It's. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: chewing tobacco. I'm glad there's a trend that has declined.
SPEAKER_R: no doubt. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: And my dad, my dad used to dip when I was a kid and yeah, he always had that empty soda bottle right there for whenever he needed to spit and my grandmother would just scream just like that Jeff, that's disgusting. What are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's uh. Mhm. Yeah I had I had a classmate and. Uh huh. Was it even in junior high, maybe eighth grade, ninth grade. And he was always dipping and he was spitting it, spit it in the radiator. And we we um.
SPEAKER_L: let
SPEAKER_R: President
SPEAKER_L: us know,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah it's like like almost this locker room smell like like that that meant thought it was
SPEAKER_L: yep. Oh, I remember it distinctly. Yeah, I can never shake that.
SPEAKER_R: oh there are certain smells, they say they say smells are like one of the top uh things for triggering memories or or emotion. Like I smelled today I was in a, I was in the store, I had to pick up uh rice of all things rice and I'm wearing a face mask and some woman is coming by and I you know I stepped out of the way and made sure she had plenty of room and like oh I'm sorry and and some perfume she had on, I don't know I don't know where the smell was from but like there was this really sharp memory that was triggered and I mean it was down enough that I I don't know what it was but it was really vivid, right? Is that good or is that bad? I don't know who woman.
SPEAKER_L: And sent memories are frustrating because you don't have the context of visual to apply it to what point in your life that smell is familiar to you, but they're so strong.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um And I lived in I lived in Zambia for for 5.5 years and there would be a cent memory that was completely 100% unrelated to anything there. And that would really throw me off like like some days the the air would just smell like like something and like but that's not here at all and. Mhm. And it was just weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's so funny. All these stories are like combining because I I went to a really tiny high school and the heating system was a fireplace in a building outside of campus that ran underground. And all of the events were connected. Some very old high school and some boys thought it would be funny to poor fox piss into one of the events in the boys bathroom. And so they were all connected and they had to dismiss us for the day and
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: cancel school the next day because the smell was so strong. No one could concentrate, No one could teach. People were throwing up. I think those boys were expelled. They like gave them like the harshest punishment because it was like that's not funny. That's
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: that's that's almost terrorism. Like that's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: you know the worst they did in my high school
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: was they had some kind of fart spray and they had they had to evacuate an entire wing of like they had the vocational wing and we had a pretty a pretty big vocational school there and so all like the required freshman drafting and and whatever it was would shop or I don't even remember what we took in that area but the whole the whole school had to be evacuated. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you just keep triggering memories for
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: me because then like when I was in middle school we went to the county fair and it was super popular to have those fart bombs that were in those like those sacks that if you dropped it at all it would explode. And some boys in line for a ride, dropped one and some of it got on my friend's shoes, like some of the debris, so it didn't matter where we walked, it followed us and it took us forever to figure out why the smell is following us because some of it had gotten on her shoes, it's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. So um when I was in when I was just graduated from college um I was I was dating uh this nice young lady and we would go hiking and we go walking and um let's just say that people with dogs were not as um conscientious about cleaning up after them as I'm sure you are. Mhm. So so I have always been as like almost well probably not almost just not diagnosed but O. C. D. About never cutting through the the grass just walking to the end and you know walking on the on the concrete and she'd always cut through the grass cut through the yards whatever. And so she stepped in dog poop and she realized that and so she stuck the shoes in the trunk. It was her dad's car. She had her dad's car in college because she had a a knee surgery and couldn't drive around and I would usually borrow her car and drop her off the class and drive around in her in her car because it was a convertible and well yeah, right, but she put the shoes in there and then forgot about them even and left them in the trunk of of that car and oh my gosh, she finally opened that because like she wasn't wouldn't use the trunk because her dad was a real estate agent and it was just full of his um like real estate signs, so there wasn't even any room in it and when that trunk opened, oh the smell, I think she just shoes away.
SPEAKER_L: insurance would probably classify that car is totaled at that point, right, there's no recovery been there forever.
SPEAKER_R: Like uh no, that's gonna smell like that for the rest of its life.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Good luck.
SPEAKER_L: sure she got a stern talking to,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Her dad's a weird dad. Weird. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, dating people with weird parents is always Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Did I ever date someone with normal parents?
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's my fiancee can probably hear me from the other room going, she didn't get a, get a catch a break with me at all at all.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to think which of the weirdest parents, so uh I was just telling the story the other day uh this okay, there's this girl that I kind of liked in high school and we were really good friends and then we started dating in college, which was really, really stupid. Um but it was what it was. Um But I was I was at her house on christmas and she'd been telling me, I mean I've been hearing stories about how awful her step dad was too to any guy that she brought home, just that he wouldn't he would interrogate them, he would be just really awful in we we don't, we we've been dating for a little while, like you know, just a few weeks and it was christmas and she said, you know what, it's it's time like you gotta meet my, my step dad. And so I went over there and he and her step brothers were passing around a bottle of mad Dog and they'd already finished a full bottle of Bacardi and they were passing auto mad Dog and he looks at me and he said, and she, you know, she comes in, she says this is brian and he says nice haircut, that's it, like
SPEAKER_L: that's probably good,
SPEAKER_R: I guess I I guess I passed.
SPEAKER_L: that's probably good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So yeah, I don't I don't remember if I ever actually dealt with her parents anymore after that, but that was I found it really odd after I had all this build up of what what's this horrible, what's this horrible uh introduction going to be like? But yeah, I guess he got mellow when he drank.
SPEAKER_L: hey, that a lot of people can't say that, so
SPEAKER_R: There are no doubt. Yeah. So so you're you're engaged? Yeah. And how's your how's your fiance uh feel about this, this Portland move?
SPEAKER_L: um he's right there with me, we kind of came to the, to the decision at the same time we met in college, which was as of last weekend, five years ago, uh, since we graduated college. So I feel very old. We've been together for over eight years. Uh, and yeah, Atlanta has changed since we've moved here. It isn't necessarily what we were expecting and we kind of feel like we've gotten everything we can get out of it. And so rather than like turn it into a rut where we feel like we're just stuck here, we're just gonna seize the opportunity and, you know, we were going to get married last month, but this whole thing ruined all of that. So we think we're going to have a quick courthouse wedding and then a year from now when everything's cleared up, we'll have a big party with everybody because the move is going to be a lot easier married as well with like documents and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: That's the plan.
SPEAKER_R: Well it sucks at it. Uh All this stuff ruined the ruined the wedding. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it did fortunately. We, we we weren't planning for anything big, so it's not like we lost out on any kind of like big money or anything. We were into the lake house And we were only having like our closest nearest and Dearest there, so like 25 people I think. Um and it was just gonna be a whole weekend long sleepover with uh like Costco food that we had picked up finger foods for everybody and and lots of lots of booze and a jacuzzi and a lake and kayaks and just have some fun. So maybe we can do that again next year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That sounds like it sounds like fun. Sounds like a lot more fun than then my wedding. Um Well my uh when you talk about weird uh no weird in laws or weird parents, they were big on just that, it was all about, all about them and all about you know their reputation and all this. I remember one day I was getting a haircut and in walked my then fiancee and her, you know her mother's like marching her in there and she thank throws this, I mean I'm actually getting a haircut and she throws this you know our guest list down and she said are these are these relatives? I'm like uh you gotta trim people out because we're there are too many people and it's like whoa um Really? Um uh And she's got to invite her co workers and her like wait this is a lifelong friend of mine and you have to invite your coworker instead. Um No. Um No but you know and I told her on some of them well this is this is my relative, they're not gonna come but they have to be invited you know and there are plenty of those who who they wouldn't they wouldn't be coming but. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: If you didn't invite them at least and be held to pay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. And so you know we were gonna we were gonna get married in this church and we wanted to use the small chapel because it wasn't gonna be so many people like all the people from from her side of the family just showed up for the reception. They didn't they didn't show up for the for the wedding itself um and we were going to have what was it like just two people stand for for each of us or three or something like that and then uh then her mother uh invited her three cousins to all stand with her and so it was it was five attendants on each side and it's like huh what night? And and then and then her mother comes in and says this this chapel is not big enough for the for the whole bridal party on it so and and the the church is a beautiful church, we gotta use that church and so you know if there were any you know it's like the smattering of people out there in a huge and a huge church. Okay. But yes and then the then the the reception. Uh huh I don't really remember too much about it, it was just like I mean you know going around and talking to people and we hardly got to eat any of the food which we you know made all these great plans and you know gone and talked to them about what the menu was and all this and yeah yeah and you know meanwhile her brother and her cousins were all you know out in the out in the you know the alley getting high and great okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in my my aunt um what she it was this open bar and she kept she kept going up to the bar you know the to the bar and saying put it on my tab and I mean you know you're a bartender at this open bar kind of a thing, you just you know smile and be pleasant to roll your eyes at the drunk lady and she goes up to my dad and says I don't know how I'm gonna pay for all the drinks I've had and then uh it was in Chicago and she was coming up from southern indiana and she had this little RV and she just slept in the r slept it off in the RV on the street in Chicago like you did what the career?
SPEAKER_L: Some people will jump through hoops. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so that was yeah, good times or or whatever. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm glad. Uh yeah then my my brother my brother and his wife, they just they didn't they live in London in England and um my sister and her husband went with them as witnesses and they went down to whatever the the equivalent of what the justice of the peace there was and went down to the clerk or whoever and they they tied the knot there and that was all good. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's it's nicer when it's simpler, but it's easy for me to say that because it's some for some people a grand wedding is significant for them I guess. I'm lucky I'm not one of those people.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and your fiance is lucky that you're not one of those people. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you know you listen to everyone, they're like oh it's her big day, she's been dreaming about this day since she was a little girl and and you know for some it's true. Um I mean I've got a daughter who's eight and um She's been you know she's been talking weddings and marriage since she was three. Um I mean she was always she was she's the queen bee in her preschool, she was always organizing who was getting married to whom and she told me that she and Marcus got married and um and Marcus is the sweetest boy, I would love for her to get married to market Marcus's parents and but she's a little bit upset because since we moved away now now Marcus and philippa are the, you know, they're they're the couple and and I told her, well that's okay, you just always be stay best friends with Marcus and then one day uh you know, he'll he'll see, he'll see that. I mean she's eight.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How fickle young love is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and and besides then there's Mika who she knows from South Africa and now he's in the United States to, and so maybe she can marry Micah and philippa can marry Marcus,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And she'll have that cool accent always. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yep. But uh yeah, so so Marcus Marcus was, his mom is finished and his dad is South African. So Marcus has a great attitude and uh he has a great attitude that too, but he has a great accent and and so sometimes being around some of the american kids, he would pick up these things and his mother to drive her nuts, the funniest one was and he would he would drive this, he would run this, just run her over with this you say hey mom, can I have a glass of water water? And she no, no, you said right water water?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And I'm sure Dad says a little more like water. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And so lily early says water water.
SPEAKER_L: That's very cute.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's interesting how she had a, she had a south african and preschool teachers so she really picked up a lot of the south african. She to ease. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: he needs
SPEAKER_R: but her little brother Matthew, who's six now, his main teacher was american so he never picked up, he never picked that up. It's interesting how people pick up accents though in
SPEAKER_L: for real. Yeah. And and lose them as well.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I never picked up the the accent in Zambia but I picked up certain certain phrases and I still will save them and just how I say it like uh instead of someone moving, they shift in Zambia like, oh, so you're shifting that side, like that side could mean to the other side of town or the other side of the country. Um and um and move well, you would have to clarify, I'm moving house. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: moving house,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And um when I, when I just greet someone randomly, I'll just say how's it? Which that's, that's uh South African like uh Afrikaans. Those guys always um, I always say how's it? And I picked that up? And I just, and
SPEAKER_L: it sticks
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: with you.
SPEAKER_R: for yes and no and away. Um, Yeah. Which is um, I count the challenger, which is where what we spoken in lusaka. So
SPEAKER_L: That's red. Well
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: brian, I think I'm going to hop off here. It was super nice to meet you and talk to you. This is really cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. And the best of wishes in your cross country move and
SPEAKER_L: Thank you very much.
SPEAKER_R: um and wedding and or tying the knot or however you want to describe it and and finding work and everything.
SPEAKER_L: I really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Say well,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too
SPEAKER_L: bye.