Hey, how's it going?
I'm all right, so
I'm brian,
sorry, I'm I had a a thing removed from top of my head, so I um have a have a bandage there, so I've been trying to wear a hat or uh
something on there and being in the in the privacy of my own room, I kind of took it off to let my head breathe. Yeah.
It
Right, right. I I went in, I went in the store just to ask them about a question and they said you can't be in here, you don't have a face mask on, and I was like um uh does this work? No, it's gotta be and and you know, I'm looking at them and they're all they all have beards and they all have face masks and I know that the beard makes their face mask uh
ineffective. Right? And so I'm just kind of okay, your story, your rules. All right,
So where where are you at?
I'm in Tallahassee.
No, no, I'm I spent about 5, 5, 6 weeks in Atlanta. Um like october november, so
um I, I enjoyed it. Um it was, it was an interesting time for me, so it was, you know, it was, it was good. I made some made some good friends there. Um I found I found things pretty, pretty accessible. I was like 23 blocks from from Martha's station so I could just, I mean, you know, nothing was, nothing was quick, but
no, where are you trying to go?
Can be
different. Um So, so what will you do in Portland if you go?
that's cool. I like that. And it's kind of funny where I, where I was staying in,
in Atlanta. There were, there were several people, I was staying in Airbnb and several people there who were all in the, in the movie industry in some some way. And they were filming you know nearby and like the one they were filming some movie about some football player and the the actual the actual guy whose story it was he would come on to set and he was she said he's just a total jerk. So the story I apparently they're presenting him in a very good light but the actual
um not so much
but you know, yeah you know it is what it is and uh you're going to make the story and I guess if you're gonna portray the portray the person awards and all, it doesn't always make such a great, a great movie.
Well if it's if it's supposed to be this is the hero, this is um the the the young man um like defying all odds and and doing such a great thing and then coming back and giving back to his community or you don't want this guy being a self center, do doing it all for uh you know for his own for his own glory saying everybody look
he did you.
It
yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I mean if it's if it's just you know football star being kind of like the stereotypical um Mhm hot head and big ego then it's not so juicy, that's
No no um the people people don't like the stories that portray their industry in a bad light and I know um I know I've had multiple concussions when I was young and and that's no good.
Um So I was a soccer player, you know.
Um so I I always always loved it and I was um fortunately or unfortunately pretty good at it and growing up in indiana, we didn't have a long, uh long storied soccer tradition. And so you had a lot of people in the, in that time period who were essentially thugs and they say, oh, this guy is good, let's just tear them, tear them apart. Um yeah, so I got one time, someone got his head on the back, hand, on the back of my head and slammed my head down,
he may trip me. Another time was totally incidental. A guy turned, his elbow was up, he caught me just right here and like everyone says, well what do you do, what do you do? I said, I went down like a sack of bricks. Yeah. And uh, you know, the trainers came, that was at a soccer camp, The trainers came rushing out. They, you know what you are you okay? I'm like, uh they said, what day is it? I've got no idea, because I'm at camp. But I remember this morning, it was the 15th because it said so on my watch, like, okay, you're okay, just put some ice on your forehead,
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that was um the one time in the in the game, I remember it was like, I had horrible headaches all week and there was no there was no protocol for it. Um like, you know, I I probably finished the game, you know, I went back in and I probably didn't know which way was was which, but I remember having horrible headaches at school and uh Having the Tylenol three with coding. Mm not I didn't bother signing it into the the school nurse's office, I'm like, no, I'll just take it when I need it. Yeah, can I go to water fountain?
Mhm. Yeah, but 11 teacher wouldn't let me, it was in debate class, we're gonna do, you know, practice debates, and he wouldn't let me go to the water fountain, and I said, I I need to take my medicine, and he said, no, you can't go. So I crushed it up and snort of it, and uh let me tell you, the delivery is much quicker. I mean, you know, as an adult, I wouldn't even like, you did what? But You know, what, what was I 16? I was like hey, uh
man, it went uh then I had to do my speech and the uh the teacher downgraded me for slurring, like, well, you think I slurred? Mhm. And
my
Yeah.
I am. I think it was when I was in 8th grade, there was this kid, his name was Travis, and he was, and he was invisible. I'll just I'll just say that he was invisible because like I remember he wore this 11 shirt, this t shirt with all the all these possible permutations of the word shit on it, and this was obviously against the dress code, but he worked all day and never got even anything said to him. And so that's that's why I say he was invisible, but for some reason he he liked me, I guess I Like what I found out later was his mom and my mom had gone to this tiny little high school where there were like eight. eight in their class and graduated together, but I didn't find that out till later anyway, one day he tells me um stand guard for me, I'm gonna go put in uh put in two in tobacco, put it and dip, and so um I'm just standing there outside the bathroom like uh you know some teacher comes by I said hey there's someone putting uh putting a dip in the bathroom and then a little bit later he comes out and he says well thanks for standing guard for me. Like did you get caught? He said no. I said how did you avoid getting caught? He said the teacher came in, he um he may be turned out my lower lip but I put it in my upper lip so he see me. It's. Yeah
no doubt. Oh.
Yeah that's uh. Mhm. Yeah I had I had a classmate and. Uh huh. Was it even in junior high, maybe eighth grade, ninth grade. And he was always dipping and he was spitting it, spit it in the radiator. And we we um.
President
Oh yeah it's like like almost this locker room smell like like that that meant thought it was
oh there are certain smells, they say they say smells are like one of the top uh things for triggering memories or or emotion. Like I smelled today I was in a, I was in the store, I had to pick up uh rice of all things rice and I'm wearing a face mask and some woman is coming by and I you know I stepped out of the way and made sure she had plenty of room and like oh I'm sorry and and some perfume she had on, I don't know I don't know where the smell was from but like there was this really sharp memory that was triggered and I mean it was down enough that I I don't know what it was but it was really vivid, right? Is that good or is that bad? I don't know who woman.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um And I lived in I lived in Zambia for for 5.5 years and there would be a cent memory that was completely 100% unrelated to anything there. And that would really throw me off like like some days the the air would just smell like like something and like but that's not here at all and. Mhm. And it was just weird.
Well.
no
you know the worst they did in my high school
was they had some kind of fart spray and they had they had to evacuate an entire wing of like they had the vocational wing and we had a pretty a pretty big vocational school there and so all like the required freshman drafting and and whatever it was would shop or I don't even remember what we took in that area but the whole the whole school had to be evacuated. Mhm.
What?
Okay. Okay. So um when I was in when I was just graduated from college um I was I was dating uh this nice young lady and we would go hiking and we go walking and um let's just say that people with dogs were not as um conscientious about cleaning up after them as I'm sure you are. Mhm. So so I have always been as like almost well probably not almost just not diagnosed but O. C. D. About never cutting through the the grass just walking to the end and you know walking on the on the concrete and she'd always cut through the grass cut through the yards whatever. And so she stepped in dog poop and she realized that and so she stuck the shoes in the trunk. It was her dad's car. She had her dad's car in college because she had a a knee surgery and couldn't drive around and I would usually borrow her car and drop her off the class and drive around in her in her car because it was a convertible and well yeah, right, but she put the shoes in there and then forgot about them even and left them in the trunk of of that car and oh my gosh, she finally opened that because like she wasn't wouldn't use the trunk because her dad was a real estate agent and it was just full of his um like real estate signs, so there wasn't even any room in it and when that trunk opened, oh the smell, I think she just shoes away.
Like uh no, that's gonna smell like that for the rest of its life.
Good luck.
I don't know. Her dad's a weird dad. Weird. Mhm. Yeah.
Did I ever date someone with normal parents?
No.
I'm trying to think which of the weirdest parents, so uh I was just telling the story the other day uh this okay, there's this girl that I kind of liked in high school and we were really good friends and then we started dating in college, which was really, really stupid. Um but it was what it was. Um But I was I was at her house on christmas and she'd been telling me, I mean I've been hearing stories about how awful her step dad was too to any guy that she brought home, just that he wouldn't he would interrogate them, he would be just really awful in we we don't, we we've been dating for a little while, like you know, just a few weeks and it was christmas and she said, you know what, it's it's time like you gotta meet my, my step dad. And so I went over there and he and her step brothers were passing around a bottle of mad Dog and they'd already finished a full bottle of Bacardi and they were passing auto mad Dog and he looks at me and he said, and she, you know, she comes in, she says this is brian and he says nice haircut, that's it, like
I guess I I guess I passed.
Yeah. So yeah, I don't I don't remember if I ever actually dealt with her parents anymore after that, but that was I found it really odd after I had all this build up of what what's this horrible, what's this horrible uh introduction going to be like? But yeah, I guess he got mellow when he drank.
There are no doubt. Yeah. So so you're you're engaged? Yeah. And how's your how's your fiance uh feel about this, this Portland move?
Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Makes sense.
Well it sucks at it. Uh All this stuff ruined the ruined the wedding. But
Yeah. That sounds like it sounds like fun. Sounds like a lot more fun than then my wedding. Um Well my uh when you talk about weird uh no weird in laws or weird parents, they were big on just that, it was all about, all about them and all about you know their reputation and all this. I remember one day I was getting a haircut and in walked my then fiancee and her, you know her mother's like marching her in there and she thank throws this, I mean I'm actually getting a haircut and she throws this you know our guest list down and she said are these are these relatives? I'm like uh you gotta trim people out because we're there are too many people and it's like whoa um Really? Um uh And she's got to invite her co workers and her like wait this is a lifelong friend of mine and you have to invite your coworker instead. Um No. Um No but you know and I told her on some of them well this is this is my relative, they're not gonna come but they have to be invited you know and there are plenty of those who who they wouldn't they wouldn't be coming but. Yeah.
Right. Right. And so you know we were gonna we were gonna get married in this church and we wanted to use the small chapel because it wasn't gonna be so many people like all the people from from her side of the family just showed up for the reception. They didn't they didn't show up for the for the wedding itself um and we were going to have what was it like just two people stand for for each of us or three or something like that and then uh then her mother uh invited her three cousins to all stand with her and so it was it was five attendants on each side and it's like huh what night? And and then and then her mother comes in and says this this chapel is not big enough for the for the whole bridal party on it so and and the the church is a beautiful church, we gotta use that church and so you know if there were any you know it's like the smattering of people out there in a huge and a huge church. Okay. But yes and then the then the the reception. Uh huh I don't really remember too much about it, it was just like I mean you know going around and talking to people and we hardly got to eat any of the food which we you know made all these great plans and you know gone and talked to them about what the menu was and all this and yeah yeah and you know meanwhile her brother and her cousins were all you know out in the out in the you know the alley getting high and great okay
in my my aunt um what she it was this open bar and she kept she kept going up to the bar you know the to the bar and saying put it on my tab and I mean you know you're a bartender at this open bar kind of a thing, you just you know smile and be pleasant to roll your eyes at the drunk lady and she goes up to my dad and says I don't know how I'm gonna pay for all the drinks I've had and then uh it was in Chicago and she was coming up from southern indiana and she had this little RV and she just slept in the r slept it off in the RV on the street in Chicago like you did what the career?
Yeah so that was yeah, good times or or whatever. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah I'm glad. Uh yeah then my my brother my brother and his wife, they just they didn't they live in London in England and um my sister and her husband went with them as witnesses and they went down to whatever the the equivalent of what the justice of the peace there was and went down to the clerk or whoever and they they tied the knot there and that was all good. So
yeah and your fiance is lucky that you're not one of those people. Yeah,
I mean you know you listen to everyone, they're like oh it's her big day, she's been dreaming about this day since she was a little girl and and you know for some it's true. Um I mean I've got a daughter who's eight and um She's been you know she's been talking weddings and marriage since she was three. Um I mean she was always she was she's the queen bee in her preschool, she was always organizing who was getting married to whom and she told me that she and Marcus got married and um and Marcus is the sweetest boy, I would love for her to get married to market Marcus's parents and but she's a little bit upset because since we moved away now now Marcus and philippa are the, you know, they're they're the couple and and I told her, well that's okay, you just always be stay best friends with Marcus and then one day uh you know, he'll he'll see, he'll see that. I mean she's eight.
Yeah, and and besides then there's Mika who she knows from South Africa and now he's in the United States to, and so maybe she can marry Micah and philippa can marry Marcus,
yep. But uh yeah, so so Marcus Marcus was, his mom is finished and his dad is South African. So Marcus has a great attitude and uh he has a great attitude that too, but he has a great accent and and so sometimes being around some of the american kids, he would pick up these things and his mother to drive her nuts, the funniest one was and he would he would drive this, he would run this, just run her over with this you say hey mom, can I have a glass of water water? And she no, no, you said right water water?
And so lily early says water water.
Yeah. It's interesting how she had a, she had a south african and preschool teachers so she really picked up a lot of the south african. She to ease. Yes,
but her little brother Matthew, who's six now, his main teacher was american so he never picked up, he never picked that up. It's interesting how people pick up accents though in
Mhm. I never picked up the the accent in Zambia but I picked up certain certain phrases and I still will save them and just how I say it like uh instead of someone moving, they shift in Zambia like, oh, so you're shifting that side, like that side could mean to the other side of town or the other side of the country. Um and um and move well, you would have to clarify, I'm moving house. Mm.
Yeah. And um when I, when I just greet someone randomly, I'll just say how's it? Which that's, that's uh South African like uh Afrikaans. Those guys always um, I always say how's it? And I picked that up? And I just, and
then
for yes and no and away. Um, Yeah. Which is um, I count the challenger, which is where what we spoken in lusaka. So
hey.
yeah. Yeah. And the best of wishes in your cross country move and
um and wedding and or tying the knot or however you want to describe it and and finding work and everything.
Thank you. You too