Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yes, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. She, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're talking. Yeah. All right. It's 5:15 so I'm just gonna wait for my partner. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. So much mhm Yeah. Yeah. Can I just plug in to make sure that, yep, talking is not going to provide any feed back into the microphone? I wish I wish I had some airpods, but we'll go, we'll go classic. Hello
and how are you?
My name is Ashley, what's your name
brian? Nice to meet you.
Whoa.
no, I completely understand. It's, it's interesting how much more conscious I've had to be about like what's on me before I leave both to be presentable, but also
to be safe,
ineffective.
Yeah. And like on the opposite end of it, like no one is practicing social distancing where I'm at right now. And so when I have to go out and walk my dog, I have to like make sure I have a mask on and everything because I know no one else is looking out for me, so I have to make sure that I'm like really looking out for myself.
I'm in Atlanta. Where are you?
Nice. So we're not too far from one another.
Yeah. How'd you like it?
No, no. Yeah, funnily enough, before I, before I got into this call, I was actually filling out an application because I'm actually trying to leave Atlanta
Portland
quite quite
Um Well, I'm an actor, so I am, I am my business, so my work follows with me fortunately. Um but I'm just, I'm ready for a new adventure. I'm literally willing to take whatever job just to like collect life experience and try something new because I'm from the south east, so I've never lived anywhere else, so I'm ready to just try something new.
or
who
you hear that a lot unfortunately,
right? Unless it's juicy, right? Unless it's going to really bring you something
Well
I just finished binging the HBO documentary nick millions about the guy who rigged the monopoly Mcdonald's game for like six years. It's fascinating and that's the kind of juiciness about somebody
not being in the greatest light that you want to portray,
right? Because then when you try and make NFL juicy you get whatever that movie will smith was making about the doctor who figured out about the concussions and the NFL didn't want that movie to be made,
No, that doesn't sound good. How did you get those if you don't mind me asking?
is like the only sport I follow,
genies.
Hey, that's rough. I I can't say I've ever experienced that,
Yeah, exactly. I feel. Yeah.
What
I would say my experience with the bathroom and high school and and drugs would be not, not a good story where a girl asked to go to the bathroom, went into the bathroom, came back, stopped at the door. The teacher was like, you're not interrupting, it's okay, you can come to your seat, her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she slammed her head on the door knob on her way down. The
ambulance had to be called. And yes, she did drugs in the bathroom. So it's people like that, they're ruined it for people like you who are just trying to take their codeine. Yeah,
that's my story. Yeah.
chewing tobacco. I'm glad there's a trend that has declined.
And my dad, my dad used to dip when I was a kid and yeah, he always had that empty soda bottle right there for whenever he needed to spit and my grandmother would just scream just like that Jeff, that's disgusting. What are you doing?
let
us know,
yep. Oh, I remember it distinctly. Yeah, I can never shake that.
And sent memories are frustrating because you don't have the context of visual to apply it to what point in your life that smell is familiar to you, but they're so strong.
Yeah, it's so funny. All these stories are like combining because I I went to a really tiny high school and the heating system was a fireplace in a building outside of campus that ran underground. And all of the events were connected. Some very old high school and some boys thought it would be funny to poor fox piss into one of the events in the boys bathroom. And so they were all connected and they had to dismiss us for the day and
cancel school the next day because the smell was so strong. No one could concentrate, No one could teach. People were throwing up. I think those boys were expelled. They like gave them like the harshest punishment because it was like that's not funny. That's
that's that's almost terrorism. Like that's terrible.
Well
yeah you just keep triggering memories for
me because then like when I was in middle school we went to the county fair and it was super popular to have those fart bombs that were in those like those sacks that if you dropped it at all it would explode. And some boys in line for a ride, dropped one and some of it got on my friend's shoes, like some of the debris, so it didn't matter where we walked, it followed us and it took us forever to figure out why the smell is following us because some of it had gotten on her shoes, it's terrible.
insurance would probably classify that car is totaled at that point, right, there's no recovery been there forever.
Mhm Yeah, I'm
sure she got a stern talking to,
Yeah, dating people with weird parents is always Yeah,
no.
Yeah, that's my fiancee can probably hear me from the other room going, she didn't get a, get a catch a break with me at all at all.
that's probably good,
that's probably good
hey, that a lot of people can't say that, so
um he's right there with me, we kind of came to the, to the decision at the same time we met in college, which was as of last weekend, five years ago, uh, since we graduated college. So I feel very old. We've been together for over eight years. Uh, and yeah, Atlanta has changed since we've moved here. It isn't necessarily what we were expecting and we kind of feel like we've gotten everything we can get out of it. And so rather than like turn it into a rut where we feel like we're just stuck here, we're just gonna seize the opportunity and, you know, we were going to get married last month, but this whole thing ruined all of that. So we think we're going to have a quick courthouse wedding and then a year from now when everything's cleared up, we'll have a big party with everybody because the move is going to be a lot easier married as well with like documents and all that stuff.
That's the plan.
Yeah, it did fortunately. We, we we weren't planning for anything big, so it's not like we lost out on any kind of like big money or anything. We were into the lake house And we were only having like our closest nearest and Dearest there, so like 25 people I think. Um and it was just gonna be a whole weekend long sleepover with uh like Costco food that we had picked up finger foods for everybody and and lots of lots of booze and a jacuzzi and a lake and kayaks and just have some fun. So maybe we can do that again next year.
If you didn't invite them at least and be held to pay. Yeah.
Yeah.
Some people will jump through hoops. That's awesome.
I feel that.
Yeah, that's it's nicer when it's simpler, but it's easy for me to say that because it's some for some people a grand wedding is significant for them I guess. I'm lucky I'm not one of those people.
Right.
Yeah. How fickle young love is.
Yeah. And she'll have that cool accent always. Uh huh.
Yes. And I'm sure Dad says a little more like water. Uh huh.
That's very cute.
he needs
for real. Yeah. And and lose them as well.
moving house,
it sticks
with you.
That's red. Well
brian, I think I'm going to hop off here. It was super nice to meet you and talk to you. This is really cool.
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Say well,
bye.