Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Get back. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you because of you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. All right. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, But
Hi, head coach.
Good. How are you?
Me too.
Yeah, I just started our time our soul now. No. So
we're taking you live on the where like it could live anywhere from michigan over.
I
live in that massachusetts.
I've never been to Delaware.
I've been to Georgia, but only savannah.
Or do anything. Although I guess Georgia is probably more open than things are here.
I
don't believe
me.
That's mostly the only, I mean, well, things are pretty much shut down here, but yeah, I go out grocery shopping sometimes target, but sometimes I order online and then we'll have to go into work two days a week. It was three days a week. So, but I mean, I'm mostly just in my building. It's not like I'm seeing customers or anything.
So I work in like the finance department for like adult education company. So like say you wanted to learn how to like cook an italian meal or learn italian, you would like take a class for us.
Are you employed?
Some of my friends are librarians
to
it and
you?
Yeah. Is that a cat?
my
I just thought they saw a little bit and I'm like some sort of pit, my head is so big.
Is the one that you're holding a pit bull?
is the other one of pit bull too.
Oh my gosh, you must look so funny.
Does he have long ears?
That's cute. I have a have a cat but he's outside.
We
just
got our, during the pandemic. So
we use
like stray and he'd come in our yard and we just took him in so he still
goes outside
Some of
them like leave a lot of stories to and like some of them do. But my landlord puts out food so some of them just come to eat.
Yeah it's nice except then the raccoons eat it and the pumpkins eat it.
I mean I don't even live next to woods and the raccoons get into our trash which is like we they get into it, it's like closed and they'll dig in there if there's stuff they want like
chicken bones or whatever.
It's so bad there and they're huge.
from
my gosh, that is huge. And I would never want to get nearer because they have the sharpest teeth and claws.
but people
should shut the dumpster.
Did
you, did you lose power last week with the hurricane?
Some
of my friends in Atlanta lost power? Yeah.
I was probably went like up or something.
I think that's the one
that was the wasn't that was that like a week and a half ago week, week and a half ago. I don't
know.
they just all there's so many of them this year and we don't get him up here. We haven't gotten any this year or so. It's hard to keep back
But
so you
have forest
fires?
That's right. No I mean there was a tiny earthquake here the other day but I didn't feel it. Um But that's where and sometimes we'll get the um hurricane. But it's like I live in the boston area it's it hits like Rhode island you know we
don't get it bad and or the Cape you know like we're not getting it
we're protected.
Yeah. But I mean plus I love inland. It's not like I live by the shore so I don't know. Yes.
There. I volunteered for this organization and they have like a facility somewhere and like Louisiana and there was like the first hurricane of the year and it like wrecked the facility and then another one came and like damaged it even more. I'm like, oh I feel so bad for them.
I know. And like usually like you'll get one and then you don't get any more the rest of the season. But not this year.
Palmer.
Yeah. I'm sure. I bet I bet it's been a rainy year for you all. Yeah.
Oh really interesting. I always just think of it being like hot all the time in Georgia.
That's cool. I mean
like it's not
that
old for me but that's that's cool.
uh huh. We had snow one
day already. I mean it melted but it was like 5".
Yeah it was like let me look and see on my phone what day it was? I took a picture, I was like I'm from Minnesota originally so it's not like october snow is anything crazy for me? October 30 We had snow. Let me see, I don't even know where the camera is. Like can you see how snowy the trees look?
It was like really heavy and like weighing down all the trees and even melted like within a day. But it was like snow shovelers had to come and trouble my work out, there was a lot of snow,
It's snowing and it's no to Minnesota yesterday where where my parents live and like it's no they're already before October 30 and it melted. But this one's, my mom's like, it's a blizzard. Oh my gosh, it's November 11. Usually it would snow and then melt, but like not three times 23 times before thanksgiving.
Not my favorite.
What is it like? Like is this will be your first winter in Georgia? So like 50s, 40s normally.
my
Like we'll get like a week in like January or February where it's like -10.
Last
year was
easy,
But so this year is gonna be horrible because last year was easy. Plus it's 2020, so this year is gonna be horrible.
You can't wait for the shot to come out and all the old people get it and then the rest of us can start getting it so I can just go out and do things.
It has,
it's been since mid March, since you moved? Uh huh, mm hmm. I'm sick of it.
that's why I usually go home for christmas, but I'm not going this year, this is my first time ever, not going
Mhm. Well, I mean, I don't want to give them or bring it back because it's bad too um where my family lives in Minnesota, it's there's like covid everywhere. Yeah,
and lots of people are getting it here, right? Oh, I mean, I'm sure I'd be fine if I got it, but I want to bring it to like my mom and dad.
Who?
I was gonna say that's how he would give it to everyone is having to go to school, but that's good that, that it's remote learning. Uh huh.
my family is not good at that. I'm shocked. My dad hasn't gotten it. His best friend had it Um And he still goes in town and like they don't like wearing masks, it's like I'm from the country and people don't like to wear masks and they don't like to be told what to do. So I wore when I did go home in august because it wasn't as bad here or there then and I wore a mask um into the place where my dad sells corn and uh I laughed at me and I went into the bar with a mask and everyone laughed at me
like yeah.
Hi
I
Well that is there, that's following it. That's good.
Two of my aunts got it. One from the same reason you just said just doing whatever they want, the other ones, she's in a nursing home and so it spread through the nursing home, so not really her fault. But yeah, they're both okay but like still you idiots. Not
not my aunt in the nursing home she's on it's not her fault.
Think.
Someone yeah you could give it to someone they could die and then how would you feel like I would feel horrible personally
Oh my gosh it was a big one.
Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah I mean I wouldn't want to give it I wouldn't want to get it either but I don't want to give it. I don't know hopefully it'll be over.
Well I said that there's a shot uh but you know has to go through final things but you have to get it twice so
imagine
how long that's going to take.
Mhm. Be like a flu like I got my flu shot this year. I never get a flu shot like ever. I don't think I've had one since. Like maybe they give you one when your baby, so I don't get ones I don't get the flu, I don't care. I'm like I don't want the flu and coronavirus at the same time. So I got one. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's good.
Yeah. And if it's
like
something,
some farm work like you can just be by yourself and off the side do no one's even by you.
That's good.
My dad's a farmer but he works with his brother and um
and my brother. So like if one of them got they'd all have it. None of them have had it yet. But I just wait.
I know some people that have gotten it from home and they were just like oh like but they're like young and they're like oh I had like I was really tired and I had really bad headaches. That's what they told me.
Oh, could you imagine? I'd just be like, fine then I'm just gonna eat like playing chicken and like spinach every day since it wouldn't matter. And I'd lose like £20 would be the goal.
Why
not?
Or
put
like hot
sauce
and
or like catch up on everything. You wouldn't be able to taste it. Who cares?
God, that would, that would be like the worst. Because like, I mean you couldn't taste anything or smell it in like a lot of your sense of taste is with your smell. So even if you got one back, it would be affected.
Oh my gosh, could
you?
Yeah, be horrible. Or like you wouldn't well with site maybe you still be able to do this, but you have to have like special stuff and hearing, you'd have to have like the typing think
change.
I do see some blind people here like navigating the like subway system and I'm always like, oh man, like, wow. Because like, even if you're trying to get on the subway, people don't move and if you're blind, you can't see that. Like Yeah. Unless they have a dog to guide him. Which a lot of them don't like, oh my gosh, I can't imagine.
I couldn't Or like some people I when I lived in a different part of town, I saw there was this blind guy and he took the bus and I'm like, oh my God, I can't even imagine like, like the bus never stops in the same spot or like, oh, just trash on the street. Like other people that are looking at their phone and don't look at you like awful
you said.
sucks. That's hard. That's hard.
Yeah. There's um maybe like two miles from my house. There's the like um high school for deaf students um for the boston area. So that's kind of cool, but still man poor people. Yeah.
A lot of
schools
offer it just good for the deaf community,
it looks
so I'm from the country and I'm old, but when I was in high school with this thing um where you could like, there was a teacher in another school and then like five or six different schools could have a class of students and then they would teach something like um S so I didn't take it, a lot of, some of my friends and students in my class did. And so you'd be there and she'd be on like, the teacher would be on the monitor and then you can see on, there'd be like three or four other monitors. You can see the students in the classroom, in the other schools in our region. That was kind of cool because it's not like we could have an asshole teacher at my tiny school. I wonder what they do now.
I took like Civil War history that way. It's fun. So you get to meet boys from other schools.
Oh yeah, it was fun. I mean, I think I only did it once, but those are going to classes and remember they had sl and I took Civil war history. But then that also meant there was no teacher in there immediately to supervise you, unless the teacher was from their school, which they weren't not mine.
three seconds.
We can go over for a couple of seconds just to make sure that we hit it.
It was weird. I thought they were gonna give us like topics.
Oh yeah, we didn't talk about that. I don't like christmas. Yeah.
please.
Well this year there's none. Uh huh.
Great. I think we're probably good. What
do we have
to do? Just close out?
This
is my first time. So it was nice talking with you.
all right, have a good day.