Hello.
I was wondering if it was going to go on. How are you today?
I'm okay. It's like three where I am right now.
It's
So
I live in Georgia about
you.
Oh, that's cool. I've always wanted to go, but the closest I've been over that way is new. Um Delaware.
All
Yeah, I heard Savannah is cool, but I just moved here like in March or so and because you know everything, I can't really let go and see anything anywhere.
Yeah, it definitely is. But um, I try not to because I don't know
how everyone
else
is going to try and do stuff. Like I only go out to do grocery shopping and the like. Mhm
Uh, what do you, what do you do?
Oh, that's cool.
Um, right now I'm just trying to focus on school. I'm doing, um, an associates for library sciences, like a library job. I don't know.
Oh, that's really cool. Yeah I've always just been interested in libraries but I've been going back and forth in like community college trying to decide what I want to do and then I just thought wow like this is
actually
interesting
and I'd be able to like make a difference.
Oh it's a it's a dog. I don't know if I can
get on the camera. Yeah he like six them up sometimes and bother me.
Yeah he has a huge head but I have two dogs so you might see them try and jump on my lap while we're talking.
Yeah he's a pit bull he's how old are you Like you could talk like 10 months lately so yeah he's really young but he's so big he comes what?
He's a pit bull and basset hound mix.
it's really weird. He has like um he has really short legs but he has like the face of like lab and that's what gets mistaken as a lot of the time. But now he's just a little weirdo.
Yeah he definitely has like a lot of the long years like his mom does.
Oh it yeah I always wanted a cab of my husband's like now dr only so that
they
got.
Oh that's
good.
that's
good. That's good. Yeah. I have some like street cats that come around in our neighborhood once in a while but they don't want to interact with any years.
Stop.
Oh that's sweet.
yeah for sure we have that problem too like for some reason um people like to leave our dumpster like wide open so at night there's like I don't know if it's like just a one or 2 but my husband said it's been like three plus raccoons that have been going in there and digging because we live like right next to like a patch of woods. So I guess that's where they hang out.
Gosh!
Oh my gosh.
So yeah, I think my husband said like one of the raccoons was like half the size of the dog that you just
saw like
I yeah, I'll keep I'll keep my distance and I'll just take my trash out in the daytime. Thank
you.
I know like I don't know if it's just like they don't want to touch it or like maybe like the storm comes in and blows a bunch of trash everywhere, but there's always just trash like not even in the dumpster like right next to it,
just hold that.
No luckily we didn't. I think we've just had like a few drizzles, not even like super heavy rain
because
because I've been I'm like two hours south of there. So I guess we were just like on the tail end of it.
Yeah the closest one I think that was even remotely nurse was it was said to like over
ago.
I
think that that one was a month ago or something. It's been a while.
for sure. Yeah. I used to live in California and like we didn't have any of these
so
I keep
hearing like
new like every week. Yeah forest fires and earthquakes are what I'm used to. Yeah.
and
no.
Yeah that's good.
Yeah. I need to live at like florida Louisiana because I feel like they keep getting hit like every single week.
Yeah because I feel like that he trying to rebuild and then it's like another big one comes and just like ruins it.
Yeah. I feel like I keep reading
like there's a hurricane coming like every few days now.
Yeah, for sure. It's like humid. It's either hot and humid or like super rainy and like kind of cold
usually like after it rains, it'll go down to like Maybe the 70s, like we had one week where it went really cold. It was like The probably not cold for you. Biblical for me. It's like the 40s.
Just
think
hold.
Yeah, because most of the time it's usually been like high 70s 80's regularly.
I would.
Oh my gosh.
Oh yeah. Oh my gosh,
That's crazy. Yeah. I know some people that live in like michigan and new Hampshire and they had pictures of like snow already. I was like, well like,
Yeah, it's crazy.
Okay. Yeah, hoping the temperature like normalizes around thanksgiving christmas time. So at least get a break from the
I've been told it usually like the lowest, it'll usually goes like 50s, May maybe 40s if it's like really bad, which is
like, I know that's like not cold at all for like someone like you, but that's pretty cool. That's pretty quickly for me.
Oh my gosh. Yeah,
I've been told
equipment
snow.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm ready for this year to be over, right? You don't even know.
yeah. I feel like it's been forever.
It's like,
me too. I want, I just want to be able to visit my family again without having to worry like I'll bring something home.
Like
my gosh.
Yeah, I know. I understand that. I know my dad has to go into the office a lot for work still for like I think maybe the last couple months now and he got sick and
I think he said he was going to go to the doctor but you know hoping it's not that because like the rest of my family still lives at home so I don't know if they're gonna get sick or not. I know my younger siblings there, we'll just move a little sister now, She just turned 21 and then I have a little brother that's 13. So they're luckily they're like schooling at home. So
I'm just worried about my parents because I know I think they still have to go into the office so they might be catching it there and stuff but they're pretty good about like keeping their mass on and like you know only going out when they have to like staying away from other people.
Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Yeah. That's how my in laws are. Like there one of those I guess, but his grandmother
is a little more like antsy
about it because she's a little bit older than she is in there seventies now. She's been pretty good about like wearing her mask and like staying away from us and like if we visit we have to stay outside and like all that stuff.
Yeah because I know I know one of her brothers got Covid and you know what, he wasn't wearing his mask just driving around like all of George's just doing whatever he wants. It's kind of frustrating.
know like
Yeah, it's just
like a they don't even care and it's like, you know, they don't care because they got better like what have I gotten worse or like even worse than that like they could have died.
Yeah exactly like I used to work at the store and was right next to a retirement place but the elderly people can just walk around and go do their own grocery shopping and stuff and like I would be afraid to give it to them because I They're older and I would meet and I would see like at least like 50 a day if I'm doing like a four hour shift.
Yeah it's a pretty, yeah it was a pretty busy store and it wasn't just like the retirement home, it was like a bunch of other people come in there too.
Yeah I hope so too. I hope they do something come january.
heard about
that,
I heard about that but I mean like if it works then you know you might as well get it. It's not going to kill you.
Yeah, luckily
I haven't been like going out at all. I've just been like doing school online, like taking care of my dogs and stuff. My husband's been going out and like still doing his work, luckily you worked out like a farm. So, you know, he's not coming into contact with like 50 different people,
luckily. Yeah. Mhm. So
I
never
forgot.
Yeah, He told me somebody at the farm got it. So now they have their own like dedicated machine and they don't they don't see anybody
else. They work alone.
No.
luckily, hopefully it's not too severe for them. Yeah.
Yeah, sometimes the sun is bad, but you know, it could be worse. Like I saw, I don't know if you watch the Try guys, but like one of their, one of their fiancees, she had gotten Covid because she works as a nurse. So you know, she's going to get it eventually. But her symptoms were like pretty severe. Like she didn't have to like get hospitalized or anything, but she had like the loss of taste and smell and stuff and it took like months for her to get it back again.
I don't, I don't know if you like watch Tik TAKS or anything, but I saw this girl and she got Covid and she had those same symptoms. So she started doing like ridiculous challenges. Like she'll do a shot of ever clear
and
like she didn't feel anything and she was just like, just drink like whatever and let's
not
having
like,
you know,
anything
exactly. Like, I don't know, is this kind of bizarre, but at least she's making light of what happened to her, you know?
Yeah. I can't even imagine like losing one,
like
one of them, like even like like site really caring like this. This could be big.
pretty much your your entire life is going to have to change just
because you lost one of your senses.
Yeah. That's amazing. I don't know if I could like do anything like that. Yeah. Quick.
Yeah. Like even like being deaf, like I've tried to like learn like A. S. L. Sort of, it's way hard just because like the sentence structure is way different.
Yeah. It's like I don't remember how it goes, but they basically it's not like how we talk like regular english. Mhm.
Yeah, it's really interesting. I'll probably try it and take like a formal class on it, just so I'm like actually trying to focus on learning it just in case I ever like, you know me, a deaf person.
Yeah, luckily I know my community college has it so I might try and take it in between semesters to sort
the
crash course.
Yeah, luckily I know some I know one of my friends high schools offered it. I wish mine had, we just had like spanish
french, you know, just like the regular languages, but you learn but not like A. S. L. Because I guess they didn't have like a big enough community for it.
I hope something like that because then at least they could like I just have one teacher and then they'll be like teaching at a bunch of different schools at once.
That's interesting.
Um How much time do we have left? I think we started like
three seconds. Okay.
All right, that's good.
Yeah, I don't I wish they had they wish they had because I know it's usually gonna be like the same conversation now. It's gonna be like covid family and like the holidays and stuff.
I'm not like super
huge on christmas anymore, you know? Because like all the magic goes away.
there's nothing, there's nothing.
well,
and
yeah, I think we just close out and then you go back to the tab and then you just go to the next page and then it'll show you like close up,
hey, look,
retail is nice talking to you too.
You tell.