Hey
how's it going?
Pretty good. Can you hear me okay?
out in Korea.
Yeah is there? Let me see. So I click the link you know move on to the next page until you have opened the conversation. New test
store.
yes my first time yeah.
And
Okay that's a bummer. You so do you get the dollar 50 for? They're not showing up
and
then number
15?
that's
That worked out.
just keep it rolling.
so
you
feel
I'm in California near the bay area in near san Francisco. What about you?
Okay well they got us all over the country.
Okay cool. All right. How is the shelter in place in around that area
where you are?
Okay. Yeah for us they just two day or monday they opened up barbershops and stuff in like hairstylist
places. We finally got
that and then James they? Re close they're gonna open gyms that close gyms but restaurants are sitting outside of the stuff now with nothing inside. But yeah.
Yeah. It's strange. It's strange getting used to wearing a mask everywhere you go and having like hand sanitizer on you or it's like a year ago. I didn't do any of this.
Well, I know like, especially when I first started, I was doing so much hand sanitizer and realized how much I like dries out your hands. Yeah.
So I, so when
you like
read
the initial
thing,
what has
the link to come here? Did you go to the bottom? Did you click the arrow to go to the next page?
Because I, I'm
I collected,
I'll just ignore
that
page for the rest of this. Okay, interesting
how
long you've been doing prolific
stuff.
This I think
only about a month because like, like a month or so ago I went on Reddit on r slash beer
muddy.
And I looked up and then I was just going to, what are some like survey sites and stuff And then one of them
one
and one guy was like, you have to do prolific cause it's like academic stuff, so it's more interesting and it pays okay. So it's worked out so far.
Oh yeah, definitely lots of those and
I've gotten,
oh sorry, go ahead.
No I didn't.
Um I might
get
into it, but I tried a while ago, but my name, I guess when I set up my account was different on my account and my I. D. When I sent in a picture of my I. D.
So I got denied, but I have a second amazon account now, so I was planning to try that. So I think that would
fix
it.
I've heard it's one
of those that
once you kind of do it for like the longer you do it it's easier to get higher paying like tasks.
mm. Oh that's cool.
That
worked
out.
Yeah. Well I guess there must be people that just just click random things to get paid quicker or something but
that
Well I know
when I
first started
some services
I had an idea of a lot of them that I would do it kind of like when I'm watching tv or listening to music or doing something else with prolific. I found
I kind of focus more on it because they're shorter most of them but like they're more like brainy like they're more entertaining at least. Unless like just parking buttons. So I kind of, it's a little bit different.
What
is it?
Yeah, I've had those where they don't say that's what it is and they asked the end, what do you think we studied for? And
I just
Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I imagine. And it is it does it does seem like there's always every day there's at least a couple of tasks and stuff to do on prolific.
I
imagine.
Yeah. Plus it's straight on Paypal so you don't have to mess with gift cards and stuff.
Yeah, I do when when if you have like, you know some of them if you have about $1,200 for three months they'll give you a $300.
Yeah, I thought about looking into that because I know
it's pretty lucrative.
What?
Doctor of credit?
Okay, I'll
remember
that.
No. Mhm.
Oh yeah I can imagine why not kind of I'm trying to build my credit because I know where like credit card training is an option. So I thought about not getting too crazy with it but there's there's like a line of cars I'd like to get that have like several $100 bonuses just for and
my list keeps getting longer too.
Right. Oh that's true, I didn't think about that. Yeah
I guess you're right.
Yeah that's true.
Yeah I know I'm a student, mainly
I have
but I'm mainly a student so my income is low enough and that's not too big of a concern. But yeah I didn't think about that.
that's definitely a big plus.
That's cool. Yeah I have to look into that Doctor of credit.
You
know
I have
so that's really cool. Yeah. I know. I started yeah, but now I'm like almost not addicted. But I go through like r slash for your money kind of several occasions a week because I'm like, wow, what other sites and I'm missing out on
because
I
well I know I'm so one other service say that I've found that I really like is it's called Be forthright. I don't know if you've heard of it
but it's each survey like 10 to 15 minutes, they pay 2 to $3. But the like the kind of the interesting part is every three surveys you do you get a $2 bonus And it seems legit. I've cashed
out already. A $10 paypal.
It's called be forthright like be than forthright. Yeah. So
I've
been looking
at it
it's I get like one or two a week so it's not a lot, but each survey,
Yeah, because I've kind of looked at it is when I'm not really doing anything else and they're only like 10-15 minutes. So it's not too difficult time wise, It was like two or 3 bucks plus a bonus, so it's not too too bad that look at it as the bank account turning, but it works.
I feel like that wouldn't, I feel like they might have patched that by now.
That's pretty cool. There you go. That's how you do it.
Well
you
you double.
hopefully this isn't
sponsored
by the big banks
watching this. Mhm. Oh.
I know. I've done some Youtube channels I follow like you're into like credit card turning and different kind of side hustles and I feel like it's one of those things where other people see like all these people making money and trade training who and they want to try it without understanding it so they end up, you know spending more and they really should have or paying a little
bit of
inputs or whatever. So
I think
that
so I think
that's almost where they make their money. Oh no problem. Where it's
Makes sense.
I figure
and I'm trying to
sort of time it when
I take out new cards when I have like big purchases coming up when I have to, I'm gonna have to spend over the
limit
anyway. Like
I
Yeah, I've heard of that,
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. I know I know. Slowly over time like the whole like Visa gift cards. I know a lot of big credit card issuers a crackdown on that, but
So it's
Yeah, I know uh like right now because I'm like my biggest expense right now is like tuition expenses all my college, I can bet to make multiple payments with no fees so I had to have to worry about getting over my credit limit and so I can just get the bonus and be good
with it.
What?
No,
that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I've been on his website little bit. I know he has a bunch of referrals and all that.
I
would be, I would
do
it. Mhm.
Member.
Yeah, definitely makes sense. Yeah, of course. I know. I did think I did wonder with with like when Covid started the credit card companies are gonna start slashing bonuses and stuff and rewards because they're afraid of people going over limits or overextending but I almost wonder if once it clears up it might go the other way when they're trying to attract people to get more credit so there might be more lucrative rewards but
Oh yeah, I've heard about that, I know there's a lot of accounts
getting uh examined or whatever it's called, reviewed what
moment.
Mhm
But
something
else
look smart
I feel like
You think there'd
be someone
who's
like job
it
is like a fine ways that people can scam the system and
tell us.
They're
going to be
very
rich in credit cards.
bruh I guess I'm hoping you stay.
the same.
That's one way to do it. That's interesting. I would have figured cause I know like I know chase as as sometimes they make you hold it so
they have someone clawed back bonuses if you do it
too soon.
I've always said other banks are probably gonna catch up but not yet.
Yeah, that's true. Uh huh. Plus uh Yeah, I mean if you're even if you look at the bonus, I mean, I guess you're still getting a little bit of interest from
checking or savings can
or whatever.
nice, pretty good. Okay.
I know the only
bomber for me is I try to maximize
on my credit card bonuses is that I have The discover card, it's a 5%
rotating in the first year, you get a double. Well, this is my first year and right now it's gas and stuff, which normally would be killing the,
but
I'm
not
driving anywhere.
No, there's other, I forget there's another
category
that don't use,
like it's um, I think it's like gas and pharmacies. It's like I, I I bought a thermometer so I guess I get that.
Yeah. I think
like
chase did
the freedom.
Yeah, but I
still
got,
that's true.
I thought,
I do think
bit.
Yeah, I did think about that. I'm just gonna make sure I got to find a gas station kind of, some of them, you have to
pay cash with gift cards somewhere like credit cards. So
yeah, so I have to play around with that.
definitely.
Oh cool. I know, I've thought about doing almost like like small scale, like retail. Arbitrage is like buying something. I know I can sell quick for pretty much what I bought it for then, I just get to spend or whatever and just sell it so
little
things like that.
That
works
well, I know some
cards,
I think the racket in credit card still has like um purchase protection like that, they'll still pay the difference up to whatever the limit is. So some cards
still have it but I have heard that kind of lot of cards are pulling it.
What I'll tell you a bit
uh sorry one second I'll take a little day. Sorry
about that.
Yeah. Thanks. So
what
25, when do we start? Did we start?
minutes?
Okay. I'm six Pacific time but close enough. Yeah, because I'm just looking at it. But yeah,
I think I think we hit it.
Okay, well that's talking to you.
They're they're
probably
hoping it be like this insight on the human mind
and it's just all credit card turning and mysticism.
Okay. I'll be sure to make
a note of that.