Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. All right. So Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Great. Mhm. Yeah. But can you tell us go back a bit mm.
Hi,
how are you?
Can you hear me? And
Uh huh. So I guess we gotta talk for 25 minutes.
I
had this. Have you done this before? Because I had done this and nobody showed up. Is this your first time?
the first time I tried nobody nobody
showed up. So I had to do it again. Right.
So
actually
well,
yeah, I made a little bit more money. Right.
So yeah,
I suppose Yeah, I'm sort of hoping you wouldn't show up.
I wonder how many times I can do it. Mhm.
Where are
you
calling? Where are you coming from?
I'm just north of Chicago.
Mhm. But I grew up I grew up in new york
It's
just been like the playgrounds just opened up because I have two small kids, the playgrounds just opened up like two days ago um basically I mean I mean I mean I haven't I don't think no no restaurants inside aren't open but I can't imagine going to one right now anyway. But so I mean unfortunately we had it bad a month you know we're a little bit better off but obviously it's a razor's edge.
America
no.
just craziness.
Right well at first my hands were like beyond sore from I guess it just proved how how I was not watching it. So before all this because they were like blistered beyond belief because of all the soap. Mm Yeah.
And
so
when you
have
an idea
out
there
I accident if you can do it because nothing yes I accidentally did it and nothing bad will happen so
you can do it because
it will take you. The rest of survey were to ask you, but you've got to finish this before you do that. Uh
Another
thing,
did you
stay
with him?
Well I started I was doing mturk and somehow I came across this um so I don't know, maybe six months, How about you?
But
I
love you, mom.
I
think that's how I found this shit as well, mm.
and it's been uh especially I've gotten some it's it's been a good uh it's been very lucrative. Not very lucrative but it's been uh it's been good the past couple months, all the coronavirus studies, there is a there's been a ton of them.
I
g I'm sorry.
It's I would just say do you do mechanical turk as well or? No,
they
call
me
Of
you
should do.
I mean it's it can be annoying but it can uh there's money to be made there,
that
wonderful.
Right. Right. And you can always just not just I mean you know, I don't I I try to do just do the surveys because that's the that they usually pay well and they there as you say, somewhat interesting um Sometimes you can sometimes you get the same one on both sides
and
in all the
silly
attention checks. You know it's like I don't know who they're fooling,
right? But you know it's annoying because I mean you learn all the tricks that they do so I've gotten so fast them but I still get rejected for going so I have to purposely slow down. Uh huh. But
I try to develop I it's confronting the people that are watching this. Talking about the nonsense of all this. I try to develop an alternate personality when I'm filling them out. Yeah. I like to think that I am uh that I'm helping screw up social science research. Yeah,
I
know
that very
well.
Could be.
I am Right. And they're
they're
you know, I have taken have you done ones like with the implicit association test where they like show you it's like supposed to test implicit bias. So it it'll have like black, white and then good bad and will have you clicking different keys. You know what I'm talking about?
But
you know, I have done I have done it. It's like it's so it's so not novel anymore. I must have done this, you know, 50 times. So, I mean, you get you get once you do this more if you can you can speed through it.
Right. Even I mean I don't have it on all day because I mean uh two small kids so that they occupy most of my
time anyway. But
even even just randomly you know you make a few bucks a day. It all adds up. That's my philosophy.
Well the other thing, the other even more lucrative thing that that was not as lucrative before is do anything about checking account bonuses.
So I have made a ton of money. Um just opening and closing bank accounts. zero risk.
I would recognize that there's
I recommend called Doctor
of Credit
even
though
even though
the title suggests it's about credit cards, he's got
like how to about bank accounts and I'm telling you it's been uh that's been far more lucrative than this.
Yeah. No I I've gotten crazy I mean I have probably does not that there's very few credit cards I don't have playing this game. Um
but but again that is uh what's nice about the credit cards even better because it's not taxable. The banks are taxable.
And
the bank like they not just that they taxable but the banks are obviously reporting so you can't you've got to report. Uh huh
because everything is theoretically taxable but I'll leave it that
you're gonna
pay me.
Thank you.
But even so even with even if you pay your taxes I mean the more taxes you pay means the more money you made. So but yeah you should look into uh uh I mean some of them require significant balances but a lot of them, well the trick is a lot of them require direct deposit but what's nice about this Doctor of credit pages he goes through Sometimes if you transfer money from a different bank account it will get coded as a direct deposit. So you can sort of fool it into paying out the bonus. And again what's nice? It was great about this site as users will post what worked and what didn't work. So you can just I mean that site has made me a ton of money.
Doctor of Credit dot com. And he's got like headings for different um But I would just start he's got like some you know basic posts about bank bonuses. I would uh I would check it out most of time. You can open up online especially nowadays. But um like I said if I told you how much money I've made in two years, you wouldn't believe me. I'm not going to say it, but you
wouldn't
believe
me.
So what
have you
got for me? You got any you got you found anything? Uh
I haven't.
That's
Orange. And what what what is it called again?
I'll
look
into it. Is
there is there a lot of other a lot of surveys or? It's a
But yeah, I mean every everyone adds up.
Right. And it's funny like I don't even know how I discovered that the bank that you know it's not just something you somehow I I came across it and like it was just mind blowing to me. There was one bank that They there was a glitch in the system and you could keep you can keep using the same a promo code. One point basically I had 19 checking accounts at the same bank. Each of those accounts paying out $200.
They have actually but when the going was good it was it was good.
And you know I'm married so my and I have her permission but um
I
can
I open account I open accounts in her name as well so it doubles it double the income
because
auction.
Well
that's the thing I don't I don't understand the games. I mean obviously we must be the few who are taking advantage because otherwise they couldn't survive. But um there's I mean when you get into dr credit you'll see there's there's quite a number of people who play this game. Mhm.
Right.
Absolutely.
Well
I bet
they. Right.
Sorry.
you know you're absolutely right because I mean that correctly if you can pay off the balances every month you'll you'll make it's definitely worth the money the bonus. But obviously if you're paying interest then you whatever you got your your pissing away. So yeah you gotta you're absolutely right you've got to uh and if you get into this the biggest my biggest piece of advice is to keep good records it will
few seconds it takes to type in an excel spreadsheet about when you opened it. And because like some of these banks it's Um you can do it once every 12 months. And so if you have a record of when you open and close then you can know okay I can I can do it again at this time. So just
the same with credit cards to just you know what what what what are the terms etcetera just to keep a good so you have it handy. Yeah,
contractual
time.
That's
true.
Well
that's the other thing is no matter if you heard of this manufactured spending,
I mean there's craziness to it but sometimes there's uh there's easy ways for, I don't get into the hardcore like buying money orders. Um
but some like there for that there were some banks, There are some banks that will allow you to open a deposit. There was one I did that. I mean I couldn't believe they did this but they went through that you could you could charge $10,000 on your credit card and that would be deposited in your bank. So which you could then of course just transfer route and pay off And I did that on a on a car that gets me 2% back. So in other words I made $200 just by having them. So there are, there are there are there are a lot of loopholes.
Because the issue is you gotta turn them into cash and how, how the hell do you do that? I don't know. I never got, but apparently from what I understand in the good old days when that when that was alive, you could have made a living just buying, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars of gift cards. I mean it's it's so sick. This is how the system,
you know that there are ways of making money like this, but there are
then that's
right. I mean that's a no brainer. Um and and actually doctor, I recommend dr credit to for credit. He's very good on uh well the best thing about that site is
he's not, he's not he's not taking ads from the credit card companies, so he's not uh he's not getting any kickback, the affiliate links. So he's giving, it may not be, it's not always the best advice, but it's honest
advice.
Yeah. There's this other guy, the points guy, but he's basically been, I mean, he's he's selling products,
Which is fine. I mean everyone's entirely make money,
but
at
least
But you should at least know that's the uh Chase
and Amex I think are heavily sponsoring him.
Right. Well, I have noticed because I don't, I have so many credit cards that they work and they've been the ones I never used, they were they were closing, which I didn't really care. Um Because I think they just wanted it off their books. They don't want the exposure. But yeah, I mean, it's always, it's, I mean, like some of the, the airlines were so desperate. They were selling their miles like pennies to the credit card companies. So they're all there. It's not there. They're always be action. Like american Express, for example, has cut down like they have a whole team now that's investigating people like me. Yeah.
Well,
Well, because for
a time again, these are these great little loopholes, you could refer yourself on the Amex website. So you would get a
referral bonus for applying
yourself
for
a different card.
And
again, I would never know this other than it's basically, I call it the bible. Um, I learned everything I know from that website.
They
didn't
tell
everyone
job.
Well,
what what's so funny is we're just, this is who's ever listening to this is uh,
I hope
it's
not
well, but I tell everybody what I, I pay my taxes right? There's nothing if the bank and I've been denied plenty times. Believe me. I mean I get when I have to explain to a bank or why do I have 85 checking accounts? I it's tough to explain. But um you know if they don't want to give me the money, they do what they want to not open the account, let them not open the account. But it's funny, I rarely get denied.
But that's the thing with certain banks like Citibank, you can do it every year. Like
they pay out, they in this case it's $500. They pay out as soon as they pay out, I closed the account. I wait whatever it is the six months and then I, and what's good is me because my wife and I are on a different where we were when I'm, when I'm ready to close. She is ready to open. So I just take the money and transfer it to the other immediately to the other account.
Always summer
you
just
No, not all of them and some of them say they'll do it but they actually don't. But yeah. But I again that's why keeping track of the terms is so but yeah. Um And sometimes it's sometimes they're nationwide. Sometimes their their local but again I would even if you start small because it's there's just no risk. It's a it's a regular checking account. You're not even if for whatever reason you don't get the bonus. That's not like the money is is going anywhere.
Interest for
I
mean a tiny bit but it's the Right but some of them can be I mean I've gotten there was I mean I've gotten up to $1,500 just from one account.
it's just uh that's definitely an opportunity. Yeah.
You have the money
actually.
All
And
they're not
they're
not
and they're not they didn't replace it like with uh uh
That
is the hispanic
community.
I'm surprised they haven't because I think I know some other credit cards like whether it's restaurants or travel, they have like given another option. Um
Because
obviously,
this is right.
I think Chase did. Yeah. So that sucks.
I mean,
I guess
you can buy gas gift cards. Maybe you
can,
you
know, eventually
as long as they don't expire, right. Eventually you'll use them
different.
And discover is also some of them may not take discover. So,
that's an idea. I
mean by like crazy things by like the max that $1500 with. But that's like one thing I did just when I was desperate to hit a spend is I at least with Comcast they allowed me to uh to put an exorbitant amount of money to pre pay in essence.
Well,
we're
I think we're almost we're almost at 25. But I'll give you one other one of the great story which you can't do anymore, which is Citi Citibank used to have this. If you buy something and the price goes down within 60 days, the credit card company will through an insurance company will refund you the difference. So in other words, if I buy it 700 it goes down to 600. I pocket the 100. But they weren't, it's an insurance company who files it. So what I was able to do was if I would look for a more expensive version of a product, I would buy the expensive version. Um uh wait wait 30 days file my claim, return the product and then arbitrage the uh difference and
that
worked in anything we well but they cancelled the program.
What are
some?
Sorry.
Right. Well I was obviously skating a fine a lot but you know I got away with it once and I was like well and sometimes I would legitimate because sometimes I would do it like if I was buying a tv remember I got a really nice tv doing that I bought because I was able to price match both at the store and through the credit card company. So I basically doubled. Um But I missed that a lot because I literally got to a point where I would want a higher I would I would want a higher price.
three minute.
Well, I think we're
I think we hit we hit our we hit our quota, didn't we?
I
think
we started a little
before eight.
So
yeah, I'm pretty sure we did.
Yeah. You as well. Uh
stay
healthy.
Hopefully
they learned something dr craig. I don't work for the site, but anyone's listening, shoutout to dr credit
protect
have a good night.