SPEAKER_R: Hello? Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I can, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can hear you just fine. Hi, my name's wa nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you. My name is Madeleine, What was your name again? Cool,
SPEAKER_R: could put out like water wa
SPEAKER_L: very cool. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Minnesota yourself.
SPEAKER_L: I'm living in Oregon in Portland Oregon, but I'm from texas.
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's a pretty far distance, mind sharing. What why?
SPEAKER_L: Sure. So I moved here about four years ago um when I was 34 years old just because I had lived in Texas my whole life and I wanted to try living somewhere else. Um so I applied for a bunch of jobs and this is where I found a job, so it's kind of random I guess.
SPEAKER_R: It is? Uh It is an interesting idea but I'm not super random I suppose just keep I'm just gonna let you know, I got a timer on my older screen so I just started it. Uh This is the second time I've done this exact survey, I don't know if you've done it before.
SPEAKER_L: no, this is my first time, it sounded really cool getting to talk to different people, So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my first one was was pretty interesting because it was pretty relaxed setting and I had a pretty good conversation, a lot of interesting things to talk about what the partner was paired up with. Uh So what I did last time was I just kind of told the person I was talking with a little bit about my background, kind of what I'm doing and what I'm kind of somebody interests and so far and it's kind of interesting because last time I kind of went in without a plan of any of any sort, it was just like talk about whatever. But I think some of the stuff that I talked about was kind of interested in learning and knowing about the other person. So this time I think I have more of a plan. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: so uh I'm from, I'm actually from Vietnam, I was not born here, so I came here when I was nine and when I came here I knew three words of english, I knew boy girl and flag. And several decades later here I am uh basically earning a living off a language that's not my native language. I work as a psychotherapist and a substance abuse counselor over here in Minnesota. So yeah, it's not a career profession that I thought I would be doing or be interested in doing, but it's been a very good experience for me to do the work, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's kind of funny because I actually started in medicine, I was a paramedic for six years um back in texas and I got out of it just because of the stress levels and the schedule and stuff like that and I'm an office manager now, but psychotherapy is, is fascinating. And I actually have a therapist myself that um, I just, I love her, she's awesome. She's helped me work through a lot of stuff that I probably would never have realized on my own. It gets a really valuable field.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been a it's been an interesting process for us right now with Covid because we do a lot of our work behind telehealth, but I still prefer to go into the office and meet with people
SPEAKER_L: I feel like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you lose a lot of body language, even even with a video chat, it's just not quite the same.
SPEAKER_R: that's absolutely true. And I just like commuting and and seeing people face to face, so I kind of like, I'm okay with taking a risk to do that. Are you seeing a massive, you're seeing your therapist library over the web?
SPEAKER_L: we're doing video calls, we've been doing them since March. So, um, I still go into my office for work though. I'm in charge of onboarding new employees. I work at an engineering firm and we're still hiring people. So I go in, I guess I've gone in, You've had like 15 new hire since March. Um, and then I go in to check the mail and what are the plants and you know, just take care of stuff in the office. I'm, it's kind of funny. I did not realize how much of a people person I was until this all started. Like I consider myself an extroverted introvert um like I definitely recharge alone, but I really enjoy seeing my people every day and talking to him and helping with helping them with stuff and it's a very, it was very lonely and very um it was really hard to kind of adjust to working from home. So I really love the days that I get to go in. We have, I want to say three engineers who are just like, nope, I'm still coming into work, I don't care. Um and so it's just, it's always good to see people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's absolutely true with me too. That's really why I prefer being in the office. Um I get to still interact with my small staff that's still choosing the beyond sight versus everyone else that I think over half of us decided to just continue working from home via telehealth. So, having that, that bond is important and yeah, you're right that there is an aspect, I'm all by myself. I'm also an introvert, but what I tell people is I play a great extrovert. So uh being able to have the interaction actually helps me keep my mood, you know, elevated, keeps keeps me going. So as opposed to the burn out that most people think comes with the therapy process, I actually feel so alive compared to yeah, I tried doing telehealth for actually a week and that actually just made things worse. So going back in the office was the right decision.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's it's definitely this whole year. It's just been really challenging. A lot of and like engineers in general are kind of like they have a stereotype of being very socially awkward or you know, not being very extroverted um but pretty much all of my engineers that I talked to because I do check in calls just to, you know, see if they need anything and pretty much universally everyone's like oh my god, I miss everyone so much. So it's it's I guess it's kind of a horrible social experiment, but it's been interesting kind of seeing how everyone reacts to this.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. And I think we all kind of took that socialization process for granted and now we're kind of recognizing how important that is. Like, I don't know if you can see behind me. I have a bunch of board games here on my shelf
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I see those.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah so you know and these ones are just sitting collecting the US since I used to have friends and family and co workers over. They play them and I haven't really been able to do that since the pandemic started.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard that they're supposed to be like an online board game uh set up where you can play them, I haven't tried it yet, I used to, I used to casually play board games with friends back in Austin. Um Nothing crazy, just King of Tokyo and um and we're
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: playing,
SPEAKER_R: That's A Good one.
SPEAKER_L: I love King of Tokyo and then um let's see, not a board game that we used to play munchkin and you know, just random
SPEAKER_R: that's a board
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: game. I actually have munchkin over here somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: munchkin is fun. Nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah one can zombies. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, it's it's, yeah, it doesn't, just the whole like staying at home doesn't just impact like work, but it also definitely impacts like after work and no happy hours with friends. I don't like I can go hiking, but I I'm uber cautious. Like I feel like, I feel like people here in Oregon are very lackadaisical about their approach to the coronavirus, especially with the questions about it possibly being more aerosolized than people originally talked about. Um and so like I'm trying to, if I go out, I still wear a mask outside, no matter if I can still socially distance or not and a lot of people are just not As careful and so I really haven't gone on any outings even though Portland itself is on what we call Phase one reopening. Um But yeah it's still like I like to garden and uh I um have a really long patio in my apartment that I rent here and I just started harvesting basil and parsley and mint and yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: Do you have dogs?
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I have two cats though.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was gonna say I I I actually started gardening like this year just just as an experiment because I never cared for until Covid happened but I actually have parsley and mint growing up. It's on our back deck and yeah those were that's for the breath. Men spray for my dogs though is I just I just boil them and stick them in a jar and spray them in their mouths.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. I should do that to my cat. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it helps with their breath. It's just and it helps with some of the bacteria flex too. But yeah so that's that's something that's new that completely came out of nowhere for me. And I started a carnivorous plant collection to just since March since everything started.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's fun.
SPEAKER_R: I'm assuming the gardening has been your thing for some time.
SPEAKER_L: Um So it's interesting growing up, I grew up outside of Austin and we I'm the second oldest of a really large family, there's nine kids in my family and um we had a milk cow and we had chickens and we had a garden and so like gardening was a chore and I hated it. I killed every plant that I touched like not intentionally, just I was really bad at it. Um I hated it when mom and dad were like go out and like take care of the green beans or the tomatoes. And if you had told me when I was a teenager that I would actually enjoy gardening as an adult, I would have told you you were high. Um So I think I kind of got back into gardening about about six years ago and it started with just like one or two plants and now like my entire patio is just full of all kinds of stuff. I grew wheat grass for my cats. Um I'm growing kamil this year, which is really fun and I'm gonna make my own camomile tea. Um And it's been interesting because the Portland by OEM is a very different, like a different rainfall, different temperature than Austin was. And so I've had to adjust like some things that grow really well in Austin don't grow as well up here. Um But it's fun. Like its head thomas, I'm no expert, but you know, it's really cool. I don't normally by starts I'll start from seeds and it's so cool to see like starting from just dirt and seeds and then see what grows.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's more courageous than I am. I don't know if I am ready to do the seed seeding process yet. That that sounds like a big flop for me. Uh But what is wheat grass? I'm not familiar with
SPEAKER_L: So it's
SPEAKER_R: cat and that.
SPEAKER_L: cats like to eat wheat grass. Um It's actually like if you go down to like a health like smoothie place and you want to shot a wheat grass in it that it's actually the same plant, they just use it. So wheat berries, which is what flower comes from when the, when the wheat plant is very small, the leaves are very tender and they're they're really high in nutrients, They're super easy to grow. We have a grocery store chain called Wind Cohere and um they have a bulk section and you can get like a pound of wheat grass seeds, just wheat berries for like 62 cents and that will plant like tons and tons and tons. So um yeah so that grows really fast and then um my cats go out on the patio and they just nam down on it.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. I need to find something similar for dogs
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to just let them chew down on.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what if there is an equivalent actually
SPEAKER_L: I don't know either, I don't I mean I know dogs will nibble on grass some, but we had one dog growing up, we had a sheltie when I was 14. Um but my dad didn't really like dogs, so we didn't we didn't really have I don't have a lot of experience with like what they like, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't think there is some, I know they do chump on grass because mine does uh we have uh we have two of them and she'll go out there and just nibble on everything that means well to any branch that's fallen from the tree and whatnot. And our other one is really calm as a cucumber. So they have like totally polar opposite temperaments.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of dogs are they?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I have a little dogs. I, when I was a kid, I wanted like huge dogs, I was like my dream and as an adult, I actually don't want to take care of a huge log. So I got I got a pug beagle mix and then the other one,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: the yorkie mix,
SPEAKER_L: uh my brother has a yorkie back in London.
SPEAKER_R: he's over in London,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he works in the film industry.
SPEAKER_R: jeez, that's quite a distance, Even more, even more so from than texas too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he and I are the only ones that left texas, So he went to London, I came up here to the pacific northwest, so everyone else's,
SPEAKER_R: How many siblings do you have?
SPEAKER_L: there's there's nine of us and also eight siblings.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I thought, you said,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have
SPEAKER_R: jeez,
SPEAKER_L: five brothers and three sisters.
SPEAKER_R: mm And I thought I had a decent sized ma'am. They have three siblings. But that meets me. I guess that's pretty normal for a farm family from my kind of bias. It's
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: just a larger family.
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely very conservative upbringing. Um It's just funny because I'm not conservatives and adult, that's also one reason why I kind of moved away, it's just I kind of grew up with a very different world view, even though we all grew up in the same household, I somehow ended up on the other end of the political spectrum.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to say you do not seem like you're extremely conservative
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: at all.
SPEAKER_L: not anymore. Um I mean I I feel like when you're a kid, when you're being raised, you kind of just adopt your parents views to start with. So I definitely started there um but as I, you know when I became a medic and started seeing how things work um I started forming my own opinions and I kind of went I kind of went more liberal
SPEAKER_R: So you attribute your your shift to just kind of your experience from the on the job as a medic?
SPEAKER_L: um yeah seeing human nature, seeing how the current political system has really failed people, especially in the health care world um where there's just you know, people are just in it to make money, they aren't there not necessarily the front care workers put people who are running the organizations and insurance companies, they're not there to help people, you know, they're there to make a buck. You know, maybe at one point they were there to help people that they've become corrupt or I don't know like I I know that there's always a journey and that there's always the other side of the coin and I don't want to make a gross generalization, but I just I came away from the medical field feeling that it was very heartless and very focused on money and greed.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely think there is, there's a lot of truth of that. I mean, even in my own field, you know, as a therapist, what I really, really dislike is the revolving door. Uh that is, you know, that's let's have you come into therapy and work on the, putting out the current fire for the week and then rinse and repeat for the next, you know, several years or next decade or so. And I remember meeting a client when I first started in the field and at that time I was just a substance abuse counselor knight. And I asked him how long they had been in therapy with their specific therapist and they said, you know, I've been in therapy with my therapist for 10 years. And I said, Okay, that seems like a long time. What are you working on with the therapist? And the, the answer they gave me was something along the lines of what we're ah they're kind of like a friend to me, they're my checking buddy. And I said, okay, well I didn't say anything, but in my mind it was like that's a red flag. Uh so what I'd like to do, you know, is is to set some goals and set some boundaries up front and say if you're going to be working with me, I want you to have some set of goals and where you want to go and to know when or how that looks when you get there. And it's a hit and miss with people because sometimes people people do like that sort of solution focused approach. And sometimes people really dislike it because I'm not really listening to some of the more weekly events, monthly events that are coming up. But I mean to your point, it's sometimes I feel like there's an incentive for me to not have that turnover people and just keep on milking the client. So this week,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My my parents have run into that with like chiropractors, like they're not interested in fixing the baseline problem and I mean but there I feel like there is a blind spot if you will in Western medicine where it tends to work, it tends to focus on treating the problem instead of finding the root cause and dealing with the human body as a holistic whole. Um Like uh they don't look at the whole picture, it's like diet and exercise and everything. They'll just be like oh you have back pain here is HYDROcodone or you know whatever um
SPEAKER_R: yeah. That that was the problem with
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: my work initially was heroin and opiate abuse and a lot of people there was doctors that we we would always see be prescribing this massive amounts of opiate painkillers and telling the client come back, you know next month or a few months down and get more.
SPEAKER_L: The last doctor that I worked at before I before I quit the medical field, they would have pharmacology reps come in and just give us free samples of like Ambien and you know, all kinds of stuff. And there was literally a closet in the back where the doctor was like, oh you guys can have as much ambient as you want, just you know, it's free samples, take home whatever you want. And like I knew some of the nurses who they took Ambien all the time and it was just like mm if you're having trouble sleeping maybe you should like look into the, cause I hear meditation is great, you know? But yeah, it's I don't know the medical system is broken and I know that's not just government, that's not just politics, but it definitely disillusioned be enough that I started asking questions about other things. And um and I ended up in a very different um a different political spectrum than my my the rest of my family did. With the exception of my brother in London. He's also very liberal.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Looks like the liberal members in your family were the ones that kinda diverged.
SPEAKER_L: kind of split. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah I I agree that there is a there is that disconnect. But I think what's interesting is that that's the reason for your shift in your political values because I didn't I did not expect that to be a place where people would find a shift. I mean I would have expected in other areas of you know somebody's life than the medical field.
SPEAKER_L: I think so, because I was really very sheltered. I was homeschooled. Um Paramedic was really empty and paramedic was really the first time that I studied in like a public statement. It was the first time that I actually like started going out. That's actually, I didn't start like drinking alcohol until I was 25 because I just had been so sheltered and didn't, I really started to discover the world when I became a paramedic. So I think a lot of my shift is related to medicine, but it's also related to the fact that I just, I hadn't really grown up until then. And so I did a lot of growing up when I started working on the ambulance, that um maybe if I had been public schools or had been better socialist at a younger age, I might have gotten there sooner, or I might have ended up on a different side of things, I don't know, you know, who can say.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I can relate to that. I think being big in the process of becoming a abuse substance abuse counselor therapist really opened my eyes to a lot of things and it forced me to work on myself because I was, in my opinion not a great person and I'm not necessarily saying I'm a great person now, but I'm a better person now that I was ever, you know, before I started doing that serious work on myself as a process of becoming a therapist.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's a journey, right? That's one thing that I've learned with my therapist. Um it's just like their their everyone has so many blind spots, and then when you see then you're like, oh my God, I do that. And so like you're never gonna get over all of them that you can try and I feel like you know that's part of the part of the coolness of being alive is figuring that stuff out and being a better person.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely, and that's, that's why I thank my clients that I worked with and allowing me to be a part of their journey. I do a lot of uh I mainly m a trauma therapist. So I work with PTSD primarily. Um so, you know, that's a tough area for a lot of people to really be vulnerable in and be able to share some of their present history. So being able to be allowed into that world and being able to follow them on their journey to recovery, it's a beautiful process.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool, that's really cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh the other thing I heard you say earlier was you guys are not required to wear face mask over there?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So we are required to wear face masks indoors um and they just revise the outdoor uh rules. If you are unable to socially distance outside, then you have to wear a face mask, but you see a lot of people who don't um they've opened up restaurants um so that people can eat inside now and and yes, everything is technically socially distanced, but if you look at where people are actually sitting, like it, it's not really, I don't know, it would make me uncomfortable. I haven't gone out to eat since all this started.
SPEAKER_R: Neither have I.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so it sounds like we're kind of similar because Minnesota has the same thing, we've opened up bars and such, but the mask is a is a rule that just got instated probably a couple of weeks ago that it you need to be, we're in a mass at all times on public unless it's just like walking outside with your dog or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's pretty, pretty much the same here. It's a I think I would be more comfortable if it was easier to get to to get a hold of better, brighter respirators, like being from a medical skills, like cloth masks are great and everything, but I just don't have a lot of faith in the um Yeah, I actually, I found a Kickstarter where they're making reusable, it's a silicon in 95 was just a filter that you can replace. And I'm supposed to get that in september. I'm actually really looking forward to that just for my peace of mind. Like maybe a cloth mask is totally fine, but I'll just feel better.
SPEAKER_R: Was that a recent a recent Kickstarter?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it just ended a couple of weeks ago. I'm trying to remember what it was called. I think it's a respite lab. Um it's, there's another one that I've been watching called Leaf and that one is actually really interesting because it's clear and it does the air filter under your chin so that if you have anyone with um hearing impairment or you know, if you're working with kids, they can still see your expressions and stuff like that. And I thought that was a really cool idea but it's a little more expensive and I don't like the design of the the seal around the bridge of the nose as much. It just seemed a little bit mm rushed I guess so. I mean I haven't tried them on so who knows? But just from the pictures, the rest, the lap one looked better.
SPEAKER_R: I might have to look into that because I didn't I didn't really think about that in terms of Kickstarter, I have a Kickstarter account actually a lot of my board games are from some of my past Kickstarter backings, but I never really thought about respirators and Kickstarter, that sounds reasonable to me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's a couple I think rest. The lab has uh closed the one on Kickstarter but they have one on Indiegogo right now and Leaf is on both of them. So Leaf has I want to they have three different models and one of them has like you the light that will purify the mask when you're done with it. And I don't know it it seemed a little
SPEAKER_R: That's impressive.
SPEAKER_L: it seemed the very highest level actually has like an app so that you can like turn on the UV light when you're not there or something. It's it's interesting. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I'm gonna look that up
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: respirable. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Risk
SPEAKER_R: was it rest bo okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hezbollah and leave both of those are pretty cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right, so uh the my timer just went off here, but I've been there a couple of minutes ago, uh so hey, I just want to say thanks for the conversations. There's there's so many cool things that I think you brought up and I like the shared interests, like the board games and the regarding the I said, so it's kind of cool to be able to connect over a distance. Um That's why I really like doing the first one of these and you know, I think I'll probably do a few more just because it's been quite an interesting thing to have a discussion with a bunch of different people and maybe a little anxiety provoking before starting it, but really just some awesome conversations I've had. So thanks for having a chat with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And and thank you why I definitely had the generous before I started because you don't know what's going to happen. But this has been really fun. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. So uh I wish you luck in your future endeavors and everything.
SPEAKER_L: You, too.
SPEAKER_R: And uh, I hope you have a great Rescuers time during this covid weirdness that we're having right now,
SPEAKER_L: It definitely stay safe out there.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Take care.