I can, can you hear me?
Nice to meet you. My name is Madeleine, What was your name again? Cool,
very cool. Where are you from?
I'm living in Oregon in Portland Oregon, but I'm from texas.
Sure. So I moved here about four years ago um when I was 34 years old just because I had lived in Texas my whole life and I wanted to try living somewhere else. Um so I applied for a bunch of jobs and this is where I found a job, so it's kind of random I guess.
no, this is my first time, it sounded really cool getting to talk to different people, So
there,
that's kind of funny because I actually started in medicine, I was a paramedic for six years um back in texas and I got out of it just because of the stress levels and the schedule and stuff like that and I'm an office manager now, but psychotherapy is, is fascinating. And I actually have a therapist myself that um, I just, I love her, she's awesome. She's helped me work through a lot of stuff that I probably would never have realized on my own. It gets a really valuable field.
I feel like
you lose a lot of body language, even even with a video chat, it's just not quite the same.
we're doing video calls, we've been doing them since March. So, um, I still go into my office for work though. I'm in charge of onboarding new employees. I work at an engineering firm and we're still hiring people. So I go in, I guess I've gone in, You've had like 15 new hire since March. Um, and then I go in to check the mail and what are the plants and you know, just take care of stuff in the office. I'm, it's kind of funny. I did not realize how much of a people person I was until this all started. Like I consider myself an extroverted introvert um like I definitely recharge alone, but I really enjoy seeing my people every day and talking to him and helping with helping them with stuff and it's a very, it was very lonely and very um it was really hard to kind of adjust to working from home. So I really love the days that I get to go in. We have, I want to say three engineers who are just like, nope, I'm still coming into work, I don't care. Um and so it's just, it's always good to see people.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's definitely this whole year. It's just been really challenging. A lot of and like engineers in general are kind of like they have a stereotype of being very socially awkward or you know, not being very extroverted um but pretty much all of my engineers that I talked to because I do check in calls just to, you know, see if they need anything and pretty much universally everyone's like oh my god, I miss everyone so much. So it's it's I guess it's kind of a horrible social experiment, but it's been interesting kind of seeing how everyone reacts to this.
yeah, I see those.
I've heard that they're supposed to be like an online board game uh set up where you can play them, I haven't tried it yet, I used to, I used to casually play board games with friends back in Austin. Um Nothing crazy, just King of Tokyo and um and we're
playing,
I love King of Tokyo and then um let's see, not a board game that we used to play munchkin and you know, just random
stuff.
munchkin is fun. Nice.
Yeah, no, it's it's, yeah, it doesn't, just the whole like staying at home doesn't just impact like work, but it also definitely impacts like after work and no happy hours with friends. I don't like I can go hiking, but I I'm uber cautious. Like I feel like, I feel like people here in Oregon are very lackadaisical about their approach to the coronavirus, especially with the questions about it possibly being more aerosolized than people originally talked about. Um and so like I'm trying to, if I go out, I still wear a mask outside, no matter if I can still socially distance or not and a lot of people are just not As careful and so I really haven't gone on any outings even though Portland itself is on what we call Phase one reopening. Um But yeah it's still like I like to garden and uh I um have a really long patio in my apartment that I rent here and I just started harvesting basil and parsley and mint and yeah, so
I don't, I have two cats though.
that's awesome. I should do that to my cat. Mhm.
Yeah, that's fun.
Um So it's interesting growing up, I grew up outside of Austin and we I'm the second oldest of a really large family, there's nine kids in my family and um we had a milk cow and we had chickens and we had a garden and so like gardening was a chore and I hated it. I killed every plant that I touched like not intentionally, just I was really bad at it. Um I hated it when mom and dad were like go out and like take care of the green beans or the tomatoes. And if you had told me when I was a teenager that I would actually enjoy gardening as an adult, I would have told you you were high. Um So I think I kind of got back into gardening about about six years ago and it started with just like one or two plants and now like my entire patio is just full of all kinds of stuff. I grew wheat grass for my cats. Um I'm growing kamil this year, which is really fun and I'm gonna make my own camomile tea. Um And it's been interesting because the Portland by OEM is a very different, like a different rainfall, different temperature than Austin was. And so I've had to adjust like some things that grow really well in Austin don't grow as well up here. Um But it's fun. Like its head thomas, I'm no expert, but you know, it's really cool. I don't normally by starts I'll start from seeds and it's so cool to see like starting from just dirt and seeds and then see what grows.
So it's
cats like to eat wheat grass. Um It's actually like if you go down to like a health like smoothie place and you want to shot a wheat grass in it that it's actually the same plant, they just use it. So wheat berries, which is what flower comes from when the, when the wheat plant is very small, the leaves are very tender and they're they're really high in nutrients, They're super easy to grow. We have a grocery store chain called Wind Cohere and um they have a bulk section and you can get like a pound of wheat grass seeds, just wheat berries for like 62 cents and that will plant like tons and tons and tons. So um yeah so that grows really fast and then um my cats go out on the patio and they just nam down on it.
What?
it's pretty cool.
I don't know either, I don't I mean I know dogs will nibble on grass some, but we had one dog growing up, we had a sheltie when I was 14. Um but my dad didn't really like dogs, so we didn't we didn't really have I don't have a lot of experience with like what they like, so.
What kind of dogs are they?
Well
uh my brother has a yorkie back in London.
Yeah, he works in the film industry.
Yeah, he and I are the only ones that left texas, So he went to London, I came up here to the pacific northwest, so everyone else's,
there's there's nine of us and also eight siblings.
Yeah, I have
five brothers and three sisters.
mean
it's definitely very conservative upbringing. Um It's just funny because I'm not conservatives and adult, that's also one reason why I kind of moved away, it's just I kind of grew up with a very different world view, even though we all grew up in the same household, I somehow ended up on the other end of the political spectrum.
No,
not anymore. Um I mean I I feel like when you're a kid, when you're being raised, you kind of just adopt your parents views to start with. So I definitely started there um but as I, you know when I became a medic and started seeing how things work um I started forming my own opinions and I kind of went I kind of went more liberal
um yeah seeing human nature, seeing how the current political system has really failed people, especially in the health care world um where there's just you know, people are just in it to make money, they aren't there not necessarily the front care workers put people who are running the organizations and insurance companies, they're not there to help people, you know, they're there to make a buck. You know, maybe at one point they were there to help people that they've become corrupt or I don't know like I I know that there's always a journey and that there's always the other side of the coin and I don't want to make a gross generalization, but I just I came away from the medical field feeling that it was very heartless and very focused on money and greed.
Yeah. My my parents have run into that with like chiropractors, like they're not interested in fixing the baseline problem and I mean but there I feel like there is a blind spot if you will in Western medicine where it tends to work, it tends to focus on treating the problem instead of finding the root cause and dealing with the human body as a holistic whole. Um Like uh they don't look at the whole picture, it's like diet and exercise and everything. They'll just be like oh you have back pain here is HYDROcodone or you know whatever um
But.
The last doctor that I worked at before I before I quit the medical field, they would have pharmacology reps come in and just give us free samples of like Ambien and you know, all kinds of stuff. And there was literally a closet in the back where the doctor was like, oh you guys can have as much ambient as you want, just you know, it's free samples, take home whatever you want. And like I knew some of the nurses who they took Ambien all the time and it was just like mm if you're having trouble sleeping maybe you should like look into the, cause I hear meditation is great, you know? But yeah, it's I don't know the medical system is broken and I know that's not just government, that's not just politics, but it definitely disillusioned be enough that I started asking questions about other things. And um and I ended up in a very different um a different political spectrum than my my the rest of my family did. With the exception of my brother in London. He's also very liberal.
kind of split. Yeah,
I think so, because I was really very sheltered. I was homeschooled. Um Paramedic was really empty and paramedic was really the first time that I studied in like a public statement. It was the first time that I actually like started going out. That's actually, I didn't start like drinking alcohol until I was 25 because I just had been so sheltered and didn't, I really started to discover the world when I became a paramedic. So I think a lot of my shift is related to medicine, but it's also related to the fact that I just, I hadn't really grown up until then. And so I did a lot of growing up when I started working on the ambulance, that um maybe if I had been public schools or had been better socialist at a younger age, I might have gotten there sooner, or I might have ended up on a different side of things, I don't know, you know, who can say.
I mean it's a journey, right? That's one thing that I've learned with my therapist. Um it's just like their their everyone has so many blind spots, and then when you see then you're like, oh my God, I do that. And so like you're never gonna get over all of them that you can try and I feel like you know that's part of the part of the coolness of being alive is figuring that stuff out and being a better person.
that's cool, that's really cool. Yeah.
Uh So we are required to wear face masks indoors um and they just revise the outdoor uh rules. If you are unable to socially distance outside, then you have to wear a face mask, but you see a lot of people who don't um they've opened up restaurants um so that people can eat inside now and and yes, everything is technically socially distanced, but if you look at where people are actually sitting, like it, it's not really, I don't know, it would make me uncomfortable. I haven't gone out to eat since all this started.
Yeah, I'm like,
Yeah, that's pretty, pretty much the same here. It's a I think I would be more comfortable if it was easier to get to to get a hold of better, brighter respirators, like being from a medical skills, like cloth masks are great and everything, but I just don't have a lot of faith in the um Yeah, I actually, I found a Kickstarter where they're making reusable, it's a silicon in 95 was just a filter that you can replace. And I'm supposed to get that in september. I'm actually really looking forward to that just for my peace of mind. Like maybe a cloth mask is totally fine, but I'll just feel better.
Yeah, it just ended a couple of weeks ago. I'm trying to remember what it was called. I think it's a respite lab. Um it's, there's another one that I've been watching called Leaf and that one is actually really interesting because it's clear and it does the air filter under your chin so that if you have anyone with um hearing impairment or you know, if you're working with kids, they can still see your expressions and stuff like that. And I thought that was a really cool idea but it's a little more expensive and I don't like the design of the the seal around the bridge of the nose as much. It just seemed a little bit mm rushed I guess so. I mean I haven't tried them on so who knows? But just from the pictures, the rest, the lap one looked better.
Yeah there's a couple I think rest. The lab has uh closed the one on Kickstarter but they have one on Indiegogo right now and Leaf is on both of them. So Leaf has I want to they have three different models and one of them has like you the light that will purify the mask when you're done with it. And I don't know it it seemed a little
it seemed the very highest level actually has like an app so that you can like turn on the UV light when you're not there or something. It's it's interesting. So
it's
Risk
Yeah. Hezbollah and leave both of those are pretty cool. Yeah.
Yeah. And and thank you why I definitely had the generous before I started because you don't know what's going to happen. But this has been really fun. Thank you.
You, too.
It definitely stay safe out there.