Hello? Can you hear me?
Yeah I can hear you just fine. Hi, my name's wa nice to meet you.
could put out like water wa
I'm from Minnesota yourself.
Okay that's a pretty far distance, mind sharing. What why?
It is? Uh It is an interesting idea but I'm not super random I suppose just keep I'm just gonna let you know, I got a timer on my older screen so I just started it. Uh This is the second time I've done this exact survey, I don't know if you've done it before.
Yeah my first one was was pretty interesting because it was pretty relaxed setting and I had a pretty good conversation, a lot of interesting things to talk about what the partner was paired up with. Uh So what I did last time was I just kind of told the person I was talking with a little bit about my background, kind of what I'm doing and what I'm kind of somebody interests and so far and it's kind of interesting because last time I kind of went in without a plan of any of any sort, it was just like talk about whatever. But I think some of the stuff that I talked about was kind of interested in learning and knowing about the other person. So this time I think I have more of a plan. Yeah,
so uh I'm from, I'm actually from Vietnam, I was not born here, so I came here when I was nine and when I came here I knew three words of english, I knew boy girl and flag. And several decades later here I am uh basically earning a living off a language that's not my native language. I work as a psychotherapist and a substance abuse counselor over here in Minnesota. So yeah, it's not a career profession that I thought I would be doing or be interested in doing, but it's been a very good experience for me to do the work, so. Yeah.
Yeah, it's been a it's been an interesting process for us right now with Covid because we do a lot of our work behind telehealth, but I still prefer to go into the office and meet with people
and
that's absolutely true. And I just like commuting and and seeing people face to face, so I kind of like, I'm okay with taking a risk to do that. Are you seeing a massive, you're seeing your therapist library over the web?
Yeah, that's absolutely true with me too. That's really why I prefer being in the office. Um I get to still interact with my small staff that's still choosing the beyond sight versus everyone else that I think over half of us decided to just continue working from home via telehealth. So, having that, that bond is important and yeah, you're right that there is an aspect, I'm all by myself. I'm also an introvert, but what I tell people is I play a great extrovert. So uh being able to have the interaction actually helps me keep my mood, you know, elevated, keeps keeps me going. So as opposed to the burn out that most people think comes with the therapy process, I actually feel so alive compared to yeah, I tried doing telehealth for actually a week and that actually just made things worse. So going back in the office was the right decision.
Absolutely. And I think we all kind of took that socialization process for granted and now we're kind of recognizing how important that is. Like, I don't know if you can see behind me. I have a bunch of board games here on my shelf
and yeah so you know and these ones are just sitting collecting the US since I used to have friends and family and co workers over. They play them and I haven't really been able to do that since the pandemic started.
Hey
That's A Good one.
that's a board
game. I actually have munchkin over here somewhere.
Yeah one can zombies. Yeah.
Do you have dogs?
Okay. I was gonna say I I I actually started gardening like this year just just as an experiment because I never cared for until Covid happened but I actually have parsley and mint growing up. It's on our back deck and yeah those were that's for the breath. Men spray for my dogs though is I just I just boil them and stick them in a jar and spray them in their mouths.
it helps with their breath. It's just and it helps with some of the bacteria flex too. But yeah so that's that's something that's new that completely came out of nowhere for me. And I started a carnivorous plant collection to just since March since everything started.
I'm assuming the gardening has been your thing for some time.
That's that's more courageous than I am. I don't know if I am ready to do the seed seeding process yet. That that sounds like a big flop for me. Uh But what is wheat grass? I'm not familiar with
cat and that.
That's nice. I need to find something similar for dogs
to just let them chew down on.
I don't know what if there is an equivalent actually
Yeah. I don't think there is some, I know they do chump on grass because mine does uh we have uh we have two of them and she'll go out there and just nibble on everything that means well to any branch that's fallen from the tree and whatnot. And our other one is really calm as a cucumber. So they have like totally polar opposite temperaments.
Oh, I have a little dogs. I, when I was a kid, I wanted like huge dogs, I was like my dream and as an adult, I actually don't want to take care of a huge log. So I got I got a pug beagle mix and then the other one,
the yorkie mix,
he's over in London,
jeez, that's quite a distance, Even more, even more so from than texas too.
How many siblings do you have?
that's what I thought, you said,
jeez,
mm And I thought I had a decent sized ma'am. They have three siblings. But that meets me. I guess that's pretty normal for a farm family from my kind of bias. It's
just a larger family.
I was going to say you do not seem like you're extremely conservative
at all.
So you attribute your your shift to just kind of your experience from the on the job as a medic?
I definitely think there is, there's a lot of truth of that. I mean, even in my own field, you know, as a therapist, what I really, really dislike is the revolving door. Uh that is, you know, that's let's have you come into therapy and work on the, putting out the current fire for the week and then rinse and repeat for the next, you know, several years or next decade or so. And I remember meeting a client when I first started in the field and at that time I was just a substance abuse counselor knight. And I asked him how long they had been in therapy with their specific therapist and they said, you know, I've been in therapy with my therapist for 10 years. And I said, Okay, that seems like a long time. What are you working on with the therapist? And the, the answer they gave me was something along the lines of what we're ah they're kind of like a friend to me, they're my checking buddy. And I said, okay, well I didn't say anything, but in my mind it was like that's a red flag. Uh so what I'd like to do, you know, is is to set some goals and set some boundaries up front and say if you're going to be working with me, I want you to have some set of goals and where you want to go and to know when or how that looks when you get there. And it's a hit and miss with people because sometimes people people do like that sort of solution focused approach. And sometimes people really dislike it because I'm not really listening to some of the more weekly events, monthly events that are coming up. But I mean to your point, it's sometimes I feel like there's an incentive for me to not have that turnover people and just keep on milking the client. So this week,
yeah. That that was the problem with
my work initially was heroin and opiate abuse and a lot of people there was doctors that we we would always see be prescribing this massive amounts of opiate painkillers and telling the client come back, you know next month or a few months down and get more.
mm. Looks like the liberal members in your family were the ones that kinda diverged.
But yeah I I agree that there is a there is that disconnect. But I think what's interesting is that that's the reason for your shift in your political values because I didn't I did not expect that to be a place where people would find a shift. I mean I would have expected in other areas of you know somebody's life than the medical field.
Yeah I mean I can relate to that. I think being big in the process of becoming a abuse substance abuse counselor therapist really opened my eyes to a lot of things and it forced me to work on myself because I was, in my opinion not a great person and I'm not necessarily saying I'm a great person now, but I'm a better person now that I was ever, you know, before I started doing that serious work on myself as a process of becoming a therapist.
Absolutely, and that's, that's why I thank my clients that I worked with and allowing me to be a part of their journey. I do a lot of uh I mainly m a trauma therapist. So I work with PTSD primarily. Um so, you know, that's a tough area for a lot of people to really be vulnerable in and be able to share some of their present history. So being able to be allowed into that world and being able to follow them on their journey to recovery, it's a beautiful process.
uh the other thing I heard you say earlier was you guys are not required to wear face mask over there?
Neither have I.
Okay, so it sounds like we're kind of similar because Minnesota has the same thing, we've opened up bars and such, but the mask is a is a rule that just got instated probably a couple of weeks ago that it you need to be, we're in a mass at all times on public unless it's just like walking outside with your dog or something like that.
Was that a recent a recent Kickstarter?
I might have to look into that because I didn't I didn't really think about that in terms of Kickstarter, I have a Kickstarter account actually a lot of my board games are from some of my past Kickstarter backings, but I never really thought about respirators and Kickstarter, that sounds reasonable to me.
That's impressive.
Yeah, I think I'm gonna look that up
respirable. Oh,
was it rest bo okay.
All right, so uh the my timer just went off here, but I've been there a couple of minutes ago, uh so hey, I just want to say thanks for the conversations. There's there's so many cool things that I think you brought up and I like the shared interests, like the board games and the regarding the I said, so it's kind of cool to be able to connect over a distance. Um That's why I really like doing the first one of these and you know, I think I'll probably do a few more just because it's been quite an interesting thing to have a discussion with a bunch of different people and maybe a little anxiety provoking before starting it, but really just some awesome conversations I've had. So thanks for having a chat with me.
Absolutely. So uh I wish you luck in your future endeavors and everything.
And uh, I hope you have a great Rescuers time during this covid weirdness that we're having right now,
yep. Take care.