Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Just something to just take a picture. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. No, maybe it would be hard. Yeah. Bye. Yeah. Hold on.
All right. It's just finish
so
Yeah. No, I just see a black screen so.
Okay, felt good.
Okay. I'm not going anywhere. Yeah.
I heard a cat so that makes everything worth it
cool. Oh, there we go again. I
take the kids to me now.
it's like, no, it's not.
it's a little like blurry kind of, but it is better than nothing at all.
So they were
really?
That is really weird. Well to step up because the first time I did this like three days ago um I couldn't hear the other person at on like I was like, do have headphones, like your volume of everything, you know, couldn't figure it out. So they reached out with me for the next day. The person never even showed up now. Like third time's a charm. Third time's a charm. Huh?
I've had
one that worked out and other than that has just been bad luck.
Yeah. Maybe. Who that bailed on me yesterday then?
No.
Okay. So you said you have two cats?
Uh I have one cat. Uh The thing is like my baby. Oh my God. I think my little buddy.
How
are you
getting?
Oh really? That's cool.
Yeah. What's like on call for an animal shelter?
Well.
that's fun.
I mean you're ending their their their family dreams. Sure.
But no, I'll get it.
Yeah, I applied for a job at a pet supermarket one time but I think they knew me because I went in there like a few times a week just to pet everything and like walk around with a fair it on my shoulder just browsing the products and you know all the hands around just like, oh look at the little. So I think they didn't hire me because they probably thought was going to spend my entire shift just playing with the animals and not actually working
there
are like crazy lady applied for a job here, don't hire her.
You know what
happens?
Mhm. Right. It's like this should be a bonus, I'm not afraid to touch them and pick them up. I don't know. But but no that's good. Like all of my tests I've had throughout my life, most of them came from like shelters or uh like people that kind of found them, they were just like, oh wait, we can't keep this, let's bring it to lay her house. Uh And I were like the people on the street where we took everything in dogs, cats uh like people would bring us like iguanas and snakes and stuff. We had a raccoon and possum one time because we had a swimming pool because this was down and on florida. And so when it got really hot, you know sometimes they would like come to pool and like thinking it's drinking water and like sometimes they have like the mommy would follow into the baby fall, I gotta go find it, go get it. But sometimes they like abandoned the baby S. F. L. And that was how we got our possum because they were like what? Something out there in the pool. What is that a rat out there? What is that? Well there's a little baby possum were like oh we need a mickey mouse because there's little ears.
Well
I have
thanks to and like I printed, they don't really like bite, bite, it's kind of saying that to be true because when I was in high school, you know, years ago, um I was walking home from school, we had this giant cyclone fence around the school and I saw something sitting on top of the fence as I was walking home, like, oh look at that, looks like a kind of like a cat. I mean the for was like real sparse and like kind of matted, I thought maybe, oh maybe it just has major or something, let me go pet it because, you know, I fits furry, I have to pet it.
Yeah, I go up to this thing and I'm like, here, kitty kitty, I like reaching for it and my fingers are like a few inches away and this thing just turns around because I guess I woke up, I was like, oh my God, like jump back
with you.
Not kidding, not kidding. Uh And then we had like a mexican standoff. Like I was looking at him, he was looking at me, we're just like, we're cool, we're cool, we're cool back way. Yeah,
I'm gonna get myself rabies one of these days, I just know it. But and now he's moved up to michigan where there's just, you know, animals running, a monk everywhere. You see raccoon just wild on the side of the road. Um uh Moving up here was the first time I saw a skunk, I was like, there's so much fluffy er in person, I have
to go,
how'd
you like to get in my face and just like bury my face in a little pillow? And I was just like, no, you cannot do that, You can stay in your
car, I support this thing. No, no. Stay in the car, staying in my car. I kept talking myself out of something, jesus.
Good.
Oh God. I tell you know what they look like when they're babies. Oh my God, I can't
way too much time watching like animal videos and stuff like that. And just like that. This makes me happy in my heart.
I
What?
I
Langen
their
tails and they're all like, their eyes are like bright with happiness and come
on tonight. Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to see those videos were like, they so it was one video a couple of nights ago. It was a vet that like rescue this dog and like most of its neck was like gone with the videos like, you know, how is this dog? not like dad look like? Yeah, how is it? Because like it's kind of missing a little something there like,
but
turned
up,
they like sewed it up and patched him up and then the dog was like, oh, happy and like recover. I'm just like, oh my God, this is, this is why I exist. This
is keep this
but
if
something
and
I thought
from
a doctor and the doctor bring them all home to you.
Well,
you just
just
Mhm You just got to bring home the cutest,
saddest looking puppy you can find and just put it in a christmas coffee and give it to him.
Well it
wasn't mixed with.
Mhm I don't think I've seen the mixed materials or for it, but there's no cute and
they're little buzzy but
on the
court.
Uh huh I'm gonna have to look up some images after here.
that's
so cute.
Oh my God, look at the ears, look at the ears.
my point, she's looking here Oh, I
Oh my God, that's adorable. That's so cute!
Oh my gosh, it almost no one has like pug coloring with that like town, but
thank yout, wait
Uh
Hi my
guess
and then
Of
course.
her little what? Snuggle like safety blanket?
That's a
horrible
yeah, I had a chin chua that I got one time for my friends and
when I brought it home that she actually like took to me like instantly and I'm just, I have never had it in chile before, but I had wanted one. I'm like, petting it. I'm like, oh my God, you're so soft. Just like, I don't know if you've ever felt one, but it's like,
if
you can't even describe how just saw, it's like a cloud, like
just
it's
not
the words for it.
I
don't think anything
is
as fast
as
they are.
my
Mhm. Right. I'm just like, can I just like, I like, they're so fragile and their bones are so tiny. I'm just like, I can't squeeze you as much as I want to just like push.
It wasn't like,
but we had cats. So he ended up staying in my mom's bedroom because the cats usually stuck with me on my bed. So okay, it's in chile will stay in her room. Well, sure enough, he bonded with my mom instead and I would go in the room just to like see how he was doing. And he would like go to like give my mom a hug or something and he would come after me. He would try to bite. I was like, you little like, like you're this big like, what do you think you're gonna do to me? I'm like, what?
He
was like
you're
in
the room. I know that either. I mean he was a trip me. That thing had such a personality because when we first got him, he came in his little bird cage which they need like a five ft tall huge cage and he would sit the bars and like hold the little bars like shake him in his little hands. And so I need him Reicher because he was like a little prisoner trying to get off to Rikers Island and he would just give you this look like you need to let me out like now. And
he
would
my
mom's cigarettes and stuff. I'm like ma it's a convict live your cigarette. And she was just like, no, it ain't sweet pea because he's so sweet. I'm just like, well he's because that's because he's protecting you. You know, you don't worry, he wants you you're is like boo thing. I don't know what y'all got going on in there. Oh and but no, he looks so sweet and we had some move. So we ended up, we found a really loving like family for him. This lady had like four or five kids like like little kids normally chin Children not really a young child pet but he took to that family like white on rice like he the lady with so many videos of like him like playing in the Children's hair and stuff and
like just
snuggling up to them and they like hand made him a cage and toys and everything. He's living the good life.
that's cute.
No.
okay.
Good.
surprise little baby pigs running
at all.
it's
it's a lot.
You
do?
What
kind of is this guinea pigs named after candy though? I mean, I mean if you hold out a guinea pig to me and say this is kit kat and he needs a home, I'm definitely gonna take
it like I this is snickerdoodle and this is my hamster. Do you want it? Yes, I want snickerdoodle like.
There's no before we even ask, it's no
I'm
I haven't named Romeo. That's crazy. Yeah, he was my cat before my cat, now my cat now his name is Turtle. Um and then, but the cat before him was Romeo and that was like, my mom was boy like attached to my hip. They really, yeah.
correct me. He would already be home.
That has the same cat that, that's out there. He just, he just moves really fast, that's all. He changes
color a little bit. It's really cool.
Then your shirt, like, I just got the one cat, I'm just,
I used
to
have one.
And he believes it.
good.
No.
Yeah. A couple of
Okay.
on
the,
I think we have a cat, we called her to me suit, which was like japanese for like honey or like this because she was, she was, she was like a little dainty princess
little sweet thing, so I'm it wasn't me even who named her, I think my mom named her that, so I I get it when someone comes to
like the cat's name is taco, you're just like
alright, it's taco then.
of
course.
that
was,
but
I
got I got a little something
the where is it?
you are.
Yeah, when my mom got the cat hats, Umetsu we had actually found this lady on craigslist that had a litter of kittens and we're looking for another cat to like add to the family because my cat Romeo, he had grown up alongside another cat named Twinkie that we had but she passed away um so he was like lonely, he was like sad and depressed would mope around the house. I mean he had me, but he was missing that like, other furry friend.
Oh and so I went online looking for kitten, spent weeks looking and I found this little tiny gray kitten that was in the litter that this lady had. And I was like, she was like gray. She had a little white lie on her nose. She had little white moustache, and she had a little white socks. I was like, oh my God, she's adorable. That was a cat that we went to get. We met this lady and like a petsmart or something. She had the cartload full of the kittens and the momma kitty. I think that's a little great. When I was like, oh my God, this is it, this is hurt. And then my mom had picked up one of the other ones, This little tabby one with like she was very like light, light tabby, like little white sox because you know that all the kittens have little white uh little shoes and just pick up the kit and just held it against her, just never set it down. And I just sat there and I was like were taken to home aren't we? And she was just like even like that cat, my mom just picked up that cat and it was the same thing, like it's just this is my cat and I you know, I wasn't gonna tell her like no ma we came here for one because you know I'm like oh my God we have two kids. Oh my God, so I wasn't complaining anytime soon but they were so she called her honey and then the gray one was bunny, so they were the honey and bunny gang is what
we call them, but you know, he was actually, it has to be sued, but my mom was, she liked her name's and little fun things, so Okay, but those are some of the coolest cats that I had ever had. I mean growing up, we've always had animals my entire life, so
I mean,
yeah, they've always outnumbered people in the household, and people remember once I was like eight cats, like three dogs, I had a durable, and then my brother had brought something home and it was like a lizard or something and there was like 34 people in the house. Yeah.
and
thanks.
but
uh
I'm
kitty.
huh.
Come on.
my my aunt actually has a cat named mouth, she's a little uh what do you call uh calico? A
little tiny calico thing, and she has, she's pregnant for the second time. She keeps having these little calico babies and it's like the cutest thing.
Yeah, she's she's so sweetly, they got her name mouth, they've got a cat named dump truck, they got everyone named like mudslide or something, because the cats like a weird shade of like brown and like slate grey. They she's just having fun over there with
name, it's like
you gotta,
it
is, I'm like, I'm sorry, rip out his name, what dump truck, like really big and fashion, He was like a dump truck or you need one to pick him up, and I'm just like, oh my God, thank God, the cat doesn't know.
completely,
at the mercy of whatever we we call that hey,
however
Good.
She
is
more
Well,
he's a little
baby.
That's so cute.
uh that's so sweet. So you guys a little baby rattle and it sounds
a little ducky. Oh my God,
I
I
just I just make melts my heart.
But
like
in the rises,
jeez, that's so cute though, he's probably gonna grow up and he's going to remember that rattle for like his entire life, his entire little life. It's kind of like my cat turtle, His personality is just like my mom and I, we found him uh next to a 7 11, we saw some lady pulled over in her car and we're like why is she freaking out? Like there's no other car. Her car isn't like damage, didn't hit anything from what we can see. The lady is like standing by the side roads like, like we were just like, should be like pull over and check on her because she's kind of losing her mind over there. So we pull over and we're like, are you okay man? And she's like, oh my God, this guy just hit this cat and like, we don't know what to do because her dad was in the car and he's like, you're not putting that, that's why you get I'm staying in my car, not getting that over. My feet were just like, really, you're gonna pick your seat over, you know, an animal that needs your help.
Yeah. And we looked at the cat and he was a mangled mess sure enough. Um It looks like the car hit him on his back end, then he probably spun and his head snapped. Either the rear tire or something and he was just like a mess. It was basically like he's going to live or he's not going to, so we put them home, got a turkey baster pan, lay a towel in it, put him in there, warm waters to clean him up a little bit and he couldn't walk. He had like a damage to his back, I think. I think he had made me like a spinal injury of some sort and so I would like lay him on his back into like a bicycle motion with his back legs. It's kind of like physical therapy and he started like regained the ability to walk. You know, he would lose his balance but you know, he was gaining strength, I would hold him and let him kind of like take baby steps. Um Yeah, he finally healed up pretty much perfectly fine and he's a little bit slow. Um He had damage to his head, but he is like, he's a character. I mean he's got a thing for like the rubber bouncy balls that you get like a gumball machine. He just goes out for them. He was so sweet. I've never seen a cat that will look at me and flop over because he wants his belly rubs like I've never seen, I can't do that. And he's like my little like security blanket almost. I mean he knows that I won't set, he'll like come to me, he actually stays somewhere else right now. But every time I go see him, he like comes up and he's like, mom, you're here. He like won't leave my side and they don't go to leave. And he tries to come with him like no, no, no. But he's like he's just so sweet. I've never I've had him for probably four years and I've never heard him growl. I've never heard him. His I don't think he even realizes what his claws are for. I mean the part of him that makes him a cat just doesn't
home shit. Yeah, it's like he's it's like having a little like clumsy puppy almost, but he's just like is the same thing. Like I've never seen a cat that has that kind of like just chill like relaxed personality before. I mean he's just like you can do anything with him and just he just doesn't care. It's really funny
and if I yell at him because one time he tried to jump up on my lap but he fell and he like scratched me, he left a scratch like that long down the back of my leg was bleeding like turtle, what's your problem? And he knows when he's in trouble, he'll go put himself and time out, he'll go sit in a corner or behind a curtain or something like hide for like an hour. Then
he'll
come out.
He's like, it's
like I did something wrong, it's okay. I'll punish by myself, I'll go sit in the corner, it's okay. And I'm just like now I can't be mad at you because you you you accepted
responsibility like you're better than a child. Mhm. I don't know what I would do without that cat. Oh my God,
my little buddy.
Yes. Oh my God. I wish I had him here and showing to you is like a little, I named him turtle. He's a little bit slow. Like mentally and physically to like when he runs like a bunny hop thing with his back legs. But his um coat is kind of like a tortoise show on the top of him. It's like a black base with like the spotting kind of and then the bottom
of them is white. He's just he's beautiful. Oh uh she's like hey what are you looking at? I want that
And
she's like you had an upside how my bird.
Uh huh. So that look on their face, they're like, you know what? What?
Sometimes you know, I got to go another one.
Yeah. She's like I don't gotta admit it when you gotta go, you gotta go,
no,
I'm
not
doing that so
it was like
well I've been had no
uh them when when they when they act like that. Like I can't even be mad at you now because like firing
me.
Yeah. Even if you're not a doctor, even if you're a person, you
have access.
I hear that. Um I've always had like a thing with like animals and what knowledge they just like, they trust me. Like I remember being in a vet clinic and there he was the one that was like hand had these little kittens, I guess they were Farrell kidney, they were kissing, clawing, biting, scratching this guy and he was just like, I don't know what to do with him. So he put them back in this little like, cage thing um kind of like, oh, I'll deal with this later. Like, I'm not good for this right now. And me, I'm like, oh kit is that? He didn't lock the cage. So I go over there and I like pull a couple of mountains, they just like kind of look at me and then they kind of like settle down, I'm just paying him and they're like falling asleep and the guy comes back out and he sees me, he's just like
wake them up like go away.
And you were just like, what did you do? I'm just like, I don't know. I just pick them up and just I don't know just that's done. But I don't know. But I was always good when the animal that comes to you and they don't know. It's just good to have it like trust with them and like like they know that you will do whatever it is that they need.
Yeah. I remember my my cat would go over to my mom and they was like rubbing up against her and I was like really trader mm okay
for me.
You
know, who were you with? Yeah.
You
know, hopefully they yeah, hopefully I'm sure that they will they usually adjust pretty easily especially if you're not like you know bringing something home that is what I'm like a bunny or something that they're just like what is that? What
is that thing that you just brought in the house? It looks nothing like anything else here. Yeah. Yeah.
there
is actually a little bit over.
Yeah I know you as well. No you definitely gotta take her outside that she doesn't you know have
an accent.
All right well it was nice seeing you too.
Rohan.
Yes Well remember in Ohio or anything I'll stop by the local animal clinic or in texas all out
by. It really is a good
night.
Angry.
remember that
remember
here? Yeah I'll stop by and look
everything is cute. That's the problem.
Oh man now you're attempting hurry will you have a good night?