Hey,
I don't know if you can see me.
I think my computer, my camera is acting up again. Go figure.
All right. Um give me 1 2nd. Let me see if I can get this figured out.
I might have to exit and come back, but I will be back. I promise.
let's see here. Yeah, you
Okay. I have two cats and they decided to play with each other right now.
hey,
Apparently I just had to open my camera app and then it is like, oh, you can't use this right now. There's other things using it.
Right. I'm like, no, it's not actually using it, like it says it is, but it's not
I've
really come up before where it's like completely like a vibrant green and it's really
freaky looking.
I've actually done this. I've actually had two other conversations where I actually worked out, but like yeah, I had to keep getting reschedule because the other person show up and
then
Yeah, I know. I had, I felt so badly that like they scheduled me and then I got, I just started a job. So I was like, they're like, hey, can you come in and work? I'm like, yeah. And I didn't even realize that scheduled for the start for this. So you can say, hey, I need to reschedule. And then I look, I'm like, I don't know,
I don't realize yesterday it was like two
days.
I do, I have two cats and a dog.
Oh, I love, I've
had
cats
my entire life. So it's kind of, in fact, I just took my the job I'm doing working in a no kill animal shelter.
So I get to have with, they actually, they wanted me for like all big position, but then I'm like, they wanted me every Sundays and like I have family, I can't, you know, that's my husband's only did not work, I can't do Sundays and like okay, like well can you do like an on call position because like my boss already like has said to me like three times, I love you. Like I really want to, I'm like
basically if somebody else calls out like they're training me in all the positions. So if somebody
calls, you can't take care of the cats or can't take care of they have a small big dog building that I would go in and do the cleaning and stuff instead and it really works. And then I work every thursday and I get to assist with the space and neuters. Yeah.
So I have never done it before until last thursday. And then I'm like, oh, this is interesting. This is actually easier than I thought it would.
But
perhaps the population and we have so many, there's so many cats in there right now, but they're so cute and I'm like,
That
point
I
just
go with the animals but
The problems are so cute. I hate
that you're
such a bad rap.
I didn't
That's
not kidding.
That's awesome.
if
you guys need thanks so bad, I just want
to go through
read
Right. I can be there. I'm actually originally from Ohio. So yeah, we had skunks and you know, even occasionally parents are like, hey yeah, there's a, you know, there's a skunk outside somewhere. They like just
in the back and they like to burrow under their like just so we can go out there for a few days.
sure. I just know facebook video on like rescue Deng's today. And I was like, oh my gosh, so huge. You
right. It doesn't mean to, I
love the, you know, all the rescue
ones. Like I I eyeball,
eyeball just, you know, teachers, you know when they come out all mangled and malnourished and then they seem at the end they're all like healthy and happy
and play.
They are
I'm like,
that
should
be, you
know,
second
my
boss actually says she actually likes getting
in the mountain irish dogs
come in only
because you get to see that progress that they make and you know from their trust. And she to tell me yesterday when I work, she's just like, you know, the best part is you know adoption. She's like just wait until you have your first option. She's like you're gonna cry. I'm like I'm like I'm following their page like on facebook and I'm like I re share all the dogs and I'm like I'm a little comments like oh
yeah that's a
little different
Like my husband we dropped off my paperwork and you know and he was with me and he was just like now he's I was like there's so many cute dogs here and he's like you can't bring any home. I'm like
it's
not
right now. I was like oh I'm like maybe we can foster in the future even. He's like yes see
of what?
Oh my if we get if we would get accord me in there or another we have a corgi mix now.
All
she's mixed with a Karen terrier.
It
she is she has basically she has like the wiry terrier type for but she's
the
size or G.
Yeah. Okay. Sounds come here. I don't know if she'll come up here. She's busy with her. She's got her sock. I don't know if I can turn it here. She's my she's my buddy. Well there she is. The
breast
you drink.
you're right.
your belly crawl
and
Working.
you're right.
Who is he? Huh?
She's
the soft that she had. It was actually like that's her favorite toy and it's all I did was take a slipper, sock violence,
squeaky little plastic speakers off of the amazon, put it in there with some fluff and like tied in a knot and gave it to her. Like she's killed this weaker but she'll sit
there and
just lay with the soft on your, you know under her chin.
it is.
hmm.
She was supposed to be my kids dog. And then like my, she really took my husband well when he started working more and more like she just became my dog. I mean his song too. But you know, she, she's hilarious.
There's just
I hang on,
it's a long time.
It
is,
it is
like
my mother in law has a blanket that is very similar. It's still not quite as up like it's still
not
like the same
level.
I don't
think
anything can be, but
I'm like,
you
know, it's just uh
I
didn't
realize
there could be
some
How
much
it
was
Doing
one.
Oh, that's awesome. It's always good to know when you find we had, we actually had a set of guinea pigs, snickers, almond joy and kate cat. Yeah.
Hey we got him from my kids because somebody said one of my friends posted that basically they had gotten
one from a
from the pet store
and it had babies. Just like
one
of the babies was a boy. The rest of my girls are like we only wanted one guinea pig so we're gonna keep the boy we are giving away like the mom, the girls and
all their stuff. And so I was like, I talked to my husband, I'm like honey it's free. Like I just got to drive like a half hour to go get them. And so I'm like the kids would love it. She was like okay. So I went and I got him and we had them for like a year or two and my girls just weren't taking care of that, they didn't really want to clean up after him. And I, you know that time I had three kids, I had a baby and I'm like, I can't do all this new
home. So uh the sister of one of my friends that I went to high school with was like, hey, you know,
I'll
take them, I really want them, and yeah,
and she spoke
go
I see people offering up animals all the time. I, you know, my husband's like, I'm like, hey honey, he's like, no, right now we're
like there was, we were in an apartment complex and there was a cat, oh my gosh, he was like, he was a Siamese. Really super sweet Siamese and yes, I was really shocked, but he was like super friendly, would always come up with a beat on the pool and he'd always come up like roaming and
they got him Romeo and like,
gotcha. But he, you know, my daughter wanted to bring him home and I was like, go ask your dad because that ain't up to me and I can tell you what he was going to say
what exactly, Like we're technically because we're in an apartment, we're only supposed to have two animals, so we have on the least. We have one cat, one dog, we have two cats and one dog, so we just like hype them whenever we would have to have maintenance or something. You know, we're just like,
I think,
the one time we have maintenance come in and I thought like I had them both hidden away or it was like a sudden like they just showed up and I was like emotionally crippling drought. Yeah, well then one day I was like, it was not a, not
why my daughter has this woman for real friend Kathy, I don't know if you've ever seen them, like they're animals and
this
is,
it had like matted fur, like orange and white and it looked realistic, like if you just glance at it real quick you would think it was a freaking cat. And the maintenance guy was like, is that a cat was like, no, that's just a toy.
He believed it was actually the toy, it was actually my
cat. Like I was
like, oh my gosh, it's like, yeah, that's just my, my, you know, because he's seen the one cat and thankfully my, I got snapped, he's a
maine coon mix, he's kind of got like longer, great, he's a great tabby. And then um
my other cat is a Torti and she's like a little bit of brown and her name is bogey which
is
personally japanese for graveyard. My husband named her. Uh huh. Oh
Well
it's,
I can't. Right.
Mhm. We yeah. Well I surprised my surprise my husband with her because he was out of state for work and he came home and like while he was gone, like I had just like a year and a half before I lost my my my emotional support, you know cat my my soul uh Sabrina and she, you know she was just amazing, she knew when I was upset and she'd always come up on my lap and so it's kind of like okay, you know what, I'm ready to get a new companion. You know someone that you know
talk
about facebook, this booty on facebook and I was just like this little baby. I'm like yeah yeah that one's
mine.
You know I just felt that that soul bond and you know so my friend went with me, we got her and he came home like two days early so she wasn't fully adjusted to the other cat then dog. So I was like okay. You know it's like honey don't be mad
do you want to
what?
Like remember how I told you I was ready to you know Bill, that boy that Sabrina left behind and he's just like
I was like okay. I was like if you really hate her I will I promise you I will not argue, I will find her new home. Just give her a chance and you can name her.
So that's you know it worked out and she's like actually really scream at me or tweet at me, she's sitting over here waiting, I'm waiting for her to start squeaking and sometimes you sleep here and this is her spot and you know, and I'm just like okay.
Right. There's yeah.
cute.
That
to me,
one point my parents had 12 cats. Yes, I was 18. Like I or no, I was 20, I was still living at home and like I went to It wasn't quite, no, I would have been like 19 at the time I went to it was my husband's problem. We went to his prom, he brought me home and
I just saw this streak
of orange and white go across the floor and I'm like Oh my parents
must go out and I said to carry, we're sitting there and like my friend got a new account, what was I've been problem? Okay.
And I just
pulled with
the one cat they got he just passed away this past year. He was my dad's baby. Um
They want me there. They live in Ohio I'm here in texas. They called me and they were telling me about, oh yeah, we rescued this cat, you know where they found him out like side of the road or something. Like
all those were rescues all the time and they're like, it's just this little gray tiger kitten and you just kind of sweet. And I was like call a mouth. I felt like yes. I was like how funny is that cat mouse? You know? And they're like okay.
Okay.
Oh, I love how it goes.
No,
it
makes it fun.
I mean
right. They don't understand. They just, this is my name, I don't
know what I mean.
My parents cat mouse ended up standing like
this tall, like he was like, he was the biggest cat I've ever seen. My husband keeps going on about like he's never seen like he was so long. He was like this just his body like this long.
I mean it
was crazy.
He was he was he was sweet and he was he
gets his little bunny has this little bunny toy, or no, he has this rattle. He he was like a rich rattle for my first daughter. He stole it when my mom was babysitting her and took off with it and they couldn't find it. Well then they finally showed back up. I'm like, it's fine, whatever, you know, like she didn't really care one way or another, she was an infant and he would held it in his mouth and of course it had rattled. It was like a little shaped like little duck and
he would carry it on and he would like run it no, the night, go to the room and have this in the mountain, his mouth and me out at them because he wanted to go
and
went right back. I'm like,
he was adorable. He had one of the biggest personalities in any cat I've ever met. It was remarkable.
And
it
was my
parents,
they got to the point where
they'd have to hide it because otherwise he would just keep waking them up at night and then like I wouldn't be so tired
before Roy
Yeah, he's like, I thought we were done with this. We're done having like
Right. Some people,
Doesn't click
that is awesome.
I'm
like,
I'm
no,
you're
What?
Well you tell us this tweet. That's so awesome.
But
like
it's my turn now.
What?
There's probably a, I need to go outside. Is that, is that it? What was that? It go outside, yep. She does like a little circle and she has to go to the bathroom like oh
one minute, one minute a minute.
Right. Oh and she hates the rain too. Like if it even sprinkles were put on this, going to take her out and she just listen. No. So
it becomes
like, you
know, no
and other questions are going somewhere in the house and we find that we're like, hey and she punishes herself, she is a kennel that we keep her, you know, a case that we cage creep drinker and she just, that's her safety spot. And she knows when she's one somewhere she'll like, if she thinks she got away with it, like she'll go in for a little bit and then if we don't realize right away, she'll come back out, she'll lay on the sofa or whatever, we get up and I'll go into my daughter's room or what, I'm like fast craft and she's like, I
know
it's like since you like, I'm no mari
I want
to be that. Like thankfully she's never really been a chew or anything. So you know, like accidents in the house, okay, I can forgive those, you know, that's it. Everybody at some point in life
and
exactly, I'm like, I don't get mad at my kids for having accidents and I can get mad at you for having an accident, you know, and she's usually pretty good. Although she only ever comes to me to tell me that she needs that. So despite the fact that my teens are still up with my husband. Stop. Yeah, she's you know, she'll come tell me because apparently I'm the only one that speaks dog in my house. I don't know. Uh huh.
What?
I am calm.
It's such a wonderful feeling because they're like, oh yeah, I want to be tested by you there like choosing you.
I
could glare that. But my dog and my cats when I come home from work now and they're like, who is that? We're at it like sorry, like that's my job
guys. Sorry.
I'm hoping to get used to it after time. So you know,
it won't.
All
Yeah. Well, I think we are at time. I mean it looks like it's 9 32
so,
well you're talking to you.
I can
never aggressive it
this means you I was Julia by the way.
Rose.
just now. Yeah.
Well
there's a very bay area petted options. If you're if you're
interested in Q pet.
Very
bad.
I'll set yourself up with something cute.
I know. Right?
You too. Bye.