Yeah, yes, good for you. That's the question. Okay. Mhm. Yeah,
Yeah, I'm doing good. How are you?
no, no worries. So how's everything on your side?
no,
you know, wow,
is like your first friend who's like been that severe? Yeah.
they
just
get
people
at nothing,
you
know,
Well
you
have
to
be all
the time
because
previously,
it takes
its
place.
We're living in a crazy world right now.
So
I'm doing well. I mean it's it's been a lot like I live in new york city right now. So um
the number of cases haven't been so high, which is great because like I think we're on like Face three or Face for, but I remember back in March, like it was absolutely insane. I remember like we had like curfews, like we couldn't go out and
like we were encouraged stay at home as much as possible. But now it's a it's a little better. I feel I work in the healthcare industry, so I feel like um there's been a lot of confidence in the number of cases or at least the number of cases that have been hospitalized um but like everywhere else in the country, it's just really bad.
What?
no
listening.
Where
are you now, if you don't mind me asking,
that's
like super far like the middle of nowhere? Right, okay.
my name is chris
he said, he said marker Wayne. Okay,
nice.
Like do you guys have stay at home orders and
and
you haven't
have you?
I'm assuming like everything is open in North Dakota. Okay.
Start.
It's kind
of,
you
have
Our, our kids like going to school or
how is that happening?
Can
you imagine like all it takes is like one kid to get it and then like,
I don't I don't know how like states are going to be dealing with that. Like I'm hearing like in Georgia like there was a student like who had Covid and the whole class had to quarantine. How's that gonna work?
Break it down.
I
guess Covid
has days off to,
you know?
Yeah. I'm also thinking about universities like how a lot of the classes are becoming virtual classes yet tuition is going up. And like a lot of my friends like who are in college there like what the hell is going on? Like, you know, we're signing a petition to like stop these hikes, the tuition hikes because it's just
ridiculous.
You just don't get the same quality as in person.
I
did.
Yeah. There's
like
really no one pushing you really need to go to class if it's virtual like I don't want but it's just totally different now. But how are you dealing with all this? What?
Your
mom?
that,
that's
it.
it's
Why?
Why? Why?
Does a dose of reality is, how is Vegas when you went like was there a lot of things closed down?
Good.
To skip.
But
It's
too,
because you go entertainment right?
It
is
different.
Most most importantly. Like are there are buffets still going on because I
love so
and
God. I thought like things were like over
that's all interesting. Huh? Mhm
um I have been working from home since March now and it's just so difficult because I feel like I'm kind of in jail, like I'm very
fine and everything that and it's it's hard working off of the laptop as opposed to actually being in your like your desk with your to
bring ins and like I'm just trying to like a million things called for my cell phone and ever since summer, like it's been hard like having a window a C next to me just blowing. I don't know, I don't know if you hear right now, Do you hear like a noise
okay? I'm glad I like during like important meetings. Like I feel like I have to turn it off and like I'm sweating.
Like yeah
there
is, but I just I don't know like just working from home and being confined. It's like I feel like it's even harder in the summer because you just can't really enjoy it as much. Like
I've been trying to reach out to my friends and they're like, I don't know if like we should hang out or like if we do, we should go to the park and like social distance are, it's just not the same though. It's
but
work.
If
Has has anybody gone sick at work?
No,
if
this
is critical.
Wait.
I remember at the hospital like back in like february or March, like there would be like, oh there's a suspected um employee who has covid and everyone would freak out. Like what do we do where the handbook on this? And I remember like calling like um one of our affiliated hospitals um I think I spoke to like the VP, I'm like, hey, you know what oversights has a positive covid case? And she's like, what do I do chris like tell me what to do. I'm like the BP like you handle it. And I just remember like a lot of like the department heads and leaders like it was just so new to them that they would just kind of freak out and like just close and it just you like see the true colours of people like during a time of crisis and you know it's very difficult to see when you see people on these like this positions of power who are freaking out and like who don't know what to do and like who are relying on other people to do it. Um
I mean it's been better ever since but now like everyone just super stressed out like where like millions of dollars of depth deficit because of like the lack of patients who are not coming in and living in new york. Like a lot of like our rich patients like, like in the Hamptons there, they don't want
to be in hand right now. And I don't I don't know if you heard in the news like Governor cuomo was like like pleading with like the rich people like please come back. You know, I'll buy you
drink.
Thank you.
It
The president.
All
I don't know.
Do you think it's because like
new york city like it's so competitive and everything is so dense and close with each other that it's just hard to get anything and
I feel like when you're around so many people it's like you go crazy,
but
they
it's very
That's very refreshing to hear. And I don't know I feel like everyone just still trying to wrap their mind around it like they're like how how are we gonna make up this money? Like there's been discussions about lay off like possible layoffs and it's like given like where the economy is right now, it's like do we want to do this? Like you know people are already hurting so much and then hearing that president trump like um what did that executive order where people are going to be getting $300 a week now as opposed to 600
and
the yeah
I
think the additional 100 would have to be decided
by the states, right?
And it's like I don't know how anybody can live with unemployment or even if they don't have any unemployment just the three or $400 a week, like that's impossible especially for people in New York City.
I heard that.
It's a whole disincentive. Wait, it's like not an incentive for people to look for a job if they're getting paid more than they were before. But I just wonder like how too much $200 will make that much of a difference. Like do you think it's really going to change people's behavior and trying to like look for a new job
to
help?
I
hope you know I mean that would be like the best case scenario. Right.
bread.
Well
I
really hope so. Like it breaks my heart to hear like families and people like just trying to scrape by, especially a lot of businesses that are closing like all over the country. It's like I missed that restaurant.
I love that restaurant. Like what am I going to do now?
That's
it.
Why
would
say?
That is crazy. Like The same thing happened to my gym, I worked out a 24 hour fitness and then I got an email saying like, oh by the way we're not going to have any more in Manhattan, I'm like the woman, the closest one is like in like um queens I think and like I'm not in trouble all the way
home for that,
but
now I have to look look for a new gym like whenever they reopen, which is probably not going to be until like september october. But I guess we'll see how the number of cases are going. We're hearing from possible leadership that there might be another surge here in new york city and you know, I think they're just following it very closely, but you know, I'm really hoping for the best because I can't do this anymore.
I
understand.
It's a good thing. How is planning to finish by the way? I've been considering
going there?
Look at you doing advertisements so they can pay for your membership life. I'm actually like looking at like other things, Have you ever heard of this um company called pencil on or?
Uh huh. It's it's a pencil on or pedal on or something
like that. I
don't remember.
It's like they have the mirror, right? Or Okay.
And the president,
I'm hearing a lot of good stuff about it. Like a couple of my friends were like it's it's great. It's convenient and like you can get it for free for like a month or something like depending on the promo you find. But I'm actually considering doing that If if I don't end up finding a gym,
it's just too hot outside.
I'm definitely gonna look into that and planet fitness because I know like the prices are really good for planet fitness every month.
That's
Hydro
massage meaning like you condemn massages there.
No.
That
that is a really good deal. I mean, she's
just,
All right. You should record yourself and send it to a planet.
That is Oh
you should ask like this company better up like, hey, can I have a copy of the video so I can send it to them. I don't know you mentioned that one of your movie theaters is closed and there's another one right? There you
go. To
how's that going?
And,
Thank
you.
I miss going to movie theaters. I had an M. C. Like a stub list where I got like three movies a week and it was so therapeutic you know just to go after work in the gym and just relax and watch the movies for 20 bucks a month. It's really great now.
That's
that's likes um when I think we have
that's right we're good.
meeting you too busy
about their.
All right thanks. When by.