How are you doing?
Good, good. I'm sorry about that. I accidentally moved ahead and had to find the lake to jump back into the chat.
Uh, well, it's, it's a rough day. I got my best friends came down with the coronavirus, so he's on a
vent right now. That just happened this weekend. So,
Yeah.
Other than that, it
had just
been
people
in passing,
you
know,
and all of them have been asymptomatic. In fact, I had one cousin in Jersey. She had like flu like symptoms like one day and then was fine and then found out later on that she had had the anti bodies and she had had it and never even known it.
And
that's
the
only
time
we can
figure
she was sick. So yeah. So it's just,
it's
crazy.
And also
boy,
are we ever or are we ever? So how are you doing?
Okay.
No.
I know. Well,
my name is Wayne. I was actually born and raised in New York City. I was born
in,
yeah, born in the Bronx and moved to Manhattan when I was nine and uh, left at age 20 to join the military.
So,
uh, bismarck, north Dakota, booming metropolis.
Capital city.
It is, yeah, it is. But what's your name? I'm sorry,
chris the pleasure to meet you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, actually, this is one of the better states as far as coronavirus rates. Uh, in fact, until I
think just recently we're under 100 deaths even for the, the whole state. Yeah, so it had uh, it had been relatively milder. Uh, no, it's no stay at home orders. Uh, the fact these people are even having weddings and things I've heard this week. Yeah, So it's, it's still kind of crazy though because the rates are spiking now. and I also work in the healthcare industry, I work at an
ambulance
service, but I'm In the office, we besides our stuff, we do the billing for 140 other ambulances. Yeah.
everything's open restaurants are
open, uh you know, servers are required to wear masks, but um they don't even have to necessarily abide by any kind
of,
you
know,
social distance seating in some restaurants, so it's really unusual. Um
they
they've been off but they are supposedly going back to school here in like a month or so, so it's gonna be interesting to see how it works as the cases of kind of spiked
a little bit.
I know, I know, it's
Oh, it's it's insane, you know, and I don't know what they're gonna do about it, I I don't know what the solution is, but you're right though, as soon as one kid gets it, I mean, everything is being shut down. Um
um and they were talking about, I think it's the grade school kids are going to be going full time, but the high school kids three days a week, they're going to be at home and only two days in school. So why even make I kid you not? So why do you even make them go to school for anything? You
know?
It's,
it's
saying to covid as a schedule as well.
it's
insane.
Exactly. Exactly. You know, I've attended bits and pieces of four universities over the year in order to finish up a degree and I tell you what, you know, it was really incredibly different. The whole experience in class, you're right, you hit on, you hit that right out of the park. I mean it was fantastic in class, but I felt like things were a little lacking
when I did
the online courses, so,
and
stuff.
you know, I think really until this weekend it didn't really fully hit home. I mean, I was at the point where I was just like, I'm just tired of all this, you know, because we still have been traveling a lot, so we've gone to Vegas twice already um and we're going again here in a couple of weeks and
then
just with the deadwood again for the second time in like a month and a half and so we see all these other places and it's like, well it's mild here and uh you know, I'm just ready to just open things up and
then,
you
know, with ken getting sick and it kind of hits home and it just makes you say, well we're really not out of the woods yet. So I, you
know, it's it's so weird, I'm kind of going back and forth on it, but this
is
been a tough weekend. It really has. Yeah.
Oh God, it was so the first time we went, it was fantastic because it was literally we we did everything, everything was open and then a week
later all hell broke loose and everything was shut down literally a week after we came back in the second
time, um you have to wear a mask everywhere. Um even if you go to take a bite of food, you have to put
the food in your mouth and Q. And immediately put the mask back on your face. It's it's kind of crazy. Um things aren't a lot of things are closed still. Um They just were starting to opening things up in the last few weeks. Uh The casinos They were in I think Phase
two
or Phase three of the reopening. Um And so a lot of them are just still opening up now. Many of them had, but a lot of them still we're waiting to open up so it's it's on and no shows, you know, so that's a little bizarre um because that's a lot of what we do, so it's it's tough. I don't even find it to be quite as enjoyable as it normally would be, you know?
Exactly. I I really
truly
do.
I mean we've got the Blue man Group, we go to a lot of comedies and it's this is tough, it's
the
buffets are odd in the sense that you go up there, They've got on their mass and
you tell them what you want and then they're serving you on the plate and that you're not allowed to touch any. Uh
Oh gosh. Oh no, but but not all of them are fully open though, but the ones that are open, that's how they're operating. And then in South Dakota in Deadwood, it's kind of bizarre because some operate like that where they serve you and then there's a handful of them where you actually have a plastic glove that you're required to put on uh initially, and then you're allowed to grab the labels and everything that serve yourself. And of course you have sneeze guards and the likes they'll set up. So it's really unusual, just kind of very replace the place.
So what about you? What's it like now?
The
definitely.
I don't hear it, so it's kind of, it's not bad, I don't hear it at all.
that's true.
let's
see,
it.
And uh okay, and the thing is for me it's the total opposite. I'm forced to be in the office, I'm one of the people that they won't let
work
at home, and now literally half the people are gone. And some days it's two thirds of the people aren't in the office and now you're trying to do everything and it's and you just feel like you're on an island which I can deal with it.
It's not it's not bad, but the help you really miss the help because there's so much more to do. It's insane.
Um we actually have uh three paramedics that came down with Covid, but they're asymptomatic. Uh so
I
mean
it
could have been a disaster because we had one paramedic leaving and apparently I think he had had coronavirus and he was going to he had
a going away party. And so I think that's where a few other people contracted it. So it's uh we've kind of dodged the bullet because it could have been a whole lot worse, you know?
sure,
course.
You know
here that part I've actually,
I've I've watched the number of his briefings. Um and it's
funny to my wife has been really impressed with, you know, because she says, wow, you know, we need him for president. You know, she's she's been really impressed with
the job is done in light of everything too. So, You know, it's really odd though with your leadership. I have to say our leadership was very proactive. We were kind of lucky. I mean they they've been really calm throughout everything. Um they had purchased like was this Clorox 360 machines and they had already had and they were sanitizing offices prior to it. They had all sorts of cleaning protocol and safety here, personal protective equipment. It's it's been really it's been a welcome welcome thing to see. I just I didn't
expect that. I I kind of expected
chaos and people kind of crumbling and it's it's been a total opposite so we kind of lucked out.
It's
Well.
Oh yeah. Well I don't know it's so weird because believe it or not, even though this is a smaller place,
obviously they
do a lot of disaster preparedness and and different scenarios all the time. I mean they really do. So I think it's just like it was it was like old hat to them even though they had never really gone through a pandemic. They've gone through scenarios of pandemics and and mass casualties. So um I guess they never blinked. They really never blinked with this chris that's so you know
it's like the end of the military. I mean if you're prepared um you're prepared you know.
Well
I
I heard 400 is what I heard.
Did it go down
open the state?
Yes that's what it was. Okay. Yeah you're right.
Well that's yeah but they were getting that in addition to their unemployment. So a lot of the folks they were actually making more money than when they were employed.
Yeah. Oh yeah so there were a number of them that didn't want to return to work. Yeah
No no because I think now the people that were uh maybe making more some
of
them the pale be equal some of them will still be making more money and it really won't make a difference you
know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but I mean Realistically most Americans if you're giving them 65% of their income with the wages set where they are for immediate family and then you give them an extra $1,600 they have more than made up the 35% at least in this this area. So you know I know in new york city and with some of the higher end jobs that may not be the case.
Uh But there's a there's a lot of folks where
they can make ends meet just fine with that you know
so.
No
I know we lost my favorite movie theater to that was the the awful thing. We only had we had to in town and the one that allowed you free refills on your popcorn and it was an AMC and free refills on your
drinks
and yet slushies. Uh I I love that place and they're they're not coming back, they've
got an
email,
they were shut down Yeah and we lost about three restaurants as well too. Um Yeah it's tragic, they just they never made it, that was enough to kill them. And we had a short shutdown period chris it wasn't like we're closed for a long time but that one movie theater was always on the cusp of shutting down but they were making it but that month to month and a half uh it was the final nail in the coffin you know. So
Oh I wouldn't either.
Oh for God's thank
it's
Oh gosh that's
that
they were trying me crazy you know? I I love home you know? But I tell you what, I've never been so happy not to live in new york, you know seeing what everyone back there was going through. I mean that's that's rough, I I can't even imagine it, I really can't. Um we've been kind of lucky here like I I go to Planet Fitness uh and they were shut down during that period uh and they I think they took about an additional read or four weeks to open up, so it was about 2.5 months total. Um But they they're open and you know a lot less people in there though, but they are open, you know?
I absolutely
love it when they say judgment free. Uh it doesn't matter whether you're old young or what have you, I mean everybody is welcome there and everybody feels comfortable, it has been the most relaxing jim I've ever been a part of and I have I've been in gold gym Jackal Elaine's of urge fitness anytime fitness and this is by far the best one I've ever gone to so I think I will be a planet fitness member for life if I do I enjoy.
Oh uh is it where you can do, you can work out at home and you have the yeah I've heard of it, I'm trying to think of, is that the name of them or is it something a little bit different? I know what you're talking about,
it's
i you're
you're close to the name, I'm trying to think of it um Oh gosh it's going to come to me afterwards probably after we're done talking or it'll come to me, but you know I know exactly who you're talking about. Yeah.
they've got they've got the mirror now too, but there's um there's a number of them, they've got the the ones to where you have like uh like exercise bikes and you can uh you have videos and stuff and you can do that, or you can do the cycling, do you have the mirror where you can have fitness stuff? So you've got
of different options for that or working out at home?
Well, yeah.
Yeah. No kidding. Well, and it's great to, and you can get like adjustable dumbbells and things to their, those power blocks, which are really fantastic because I've got some at home in a pinch. And so you can adjust the weights just by sliding out a block and putting it in a different spot, The weights arrange and Anywhere from £10 up to 50 lb. And you can add additional blocks to them. Um go even higher if you wanted to. So they're kind of fantastic and really handy too. That's right, yeah.
You're fantastic if you go the base planets $10 a month And if you want to use the room and
get the hydro massage and some of the other features, it's 24 99 for
the month.
Well no, they
have. No, it's one of those machines where you kind of lay on and have, you know the massaging jets underneath the material. And it actually does work pretty well. uh but it's fantastic. And with the 24-99 you can always bring in a guest as well too. So that's beneficial if you have someone else to kind of wants to work out too. And that way hell they could even, you know split the cost with you if they really wanted to or throw in a, so
it's kind of
and
there's a there's a number of other things in addition to the hydro massage, you know I just that that's the one that comes to mind right away. It's like oh wow. Yeah that'd be kind tonight.
I
know. I know. All
There
is
Um That goes goes pretty well. It's I think they said it's the largest independently owned movie theater in the U. S. Um which is surprising here being in Bismarck North Dakota. No they're surviving. Um they had uh I think it was last year or the year before they had just finished up like a $2 million 22 or 23 theaters um it's
called The Grand Theatre. Um And I guess it's been open for years. Uh And so now they're showing classic movies and they're also showing uh uh things like Raiders of the lost ark, the original Jurassic park's you know things that
weren't
currently in theaters but it's giving people an opportunity to go back and see these movies on the big screen. So they're they're surviving that way, you know which is kudos to them for finding a way.
Yeah and that's what I was going to sign up for and I was like whoa when this pandemic is over it and that's what closed down as our A. M. C. So yeah I've lost that opportunity. I like the way I found out is I got an email
that said your new home theater has been changed to and I'm like that's a city an hour and a half away. Why would you do that? Like can I get an email five minutes later and said oh by the way your theater isn't coming back?
we're good,
yep we're good. Oh it's been great chris I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Pleasure.
I will try. You do the same.