Good you. Mhm. Yeah
I'm just
I'm
just getting at the moment so if you hear me
all
I'm zack.
Hi.
Yeah I mean it's five o'clock here. Yeah.
I'm just eating some steak.
Yeah I know my dad made some leftovers and this evening on so how are you?
like a month and a half ago probably. Yeah.
I would have done one last week but I had to change my time so
they just gave me this time. Yeah
Well I mean I got my first job because I'm only
18. So
if I got my first job on Tuesday I'm
Yeah
just a local like discount store.
Yeah I mean only work a couple hours but I mean it's a little bit of money. Yeah
I mean I've been at home since like March.
but but yeah these are pretty like I don't one of these like I've only done one of these in the past. I mean the last one went out. All right.
it's a little bit. I mean I do it at work. I mean, I just have to see it like Hi, how are you?
No, it's only usually like, like I'm just a sentence. Mhm.
It's kind of hard to talk about like nothing or not. Like I have a set topic or the last one I did of these. So we just talked about coronavirus a lot. Yeah.
It's
just such a big deal.
And
yeah, wearing a face mask at work sucks.
Bless you.
This
will last until august.
Little did you know
I
mean it's time flown by fast. Like it's already august.
Yeah, for many times. Just been going by like super fast.
Mhm. No, I play video games a lot.
Yeah. Well like Minecraft, Call of Duty G. T. A.
And
then I hang
out.
Mm hmm. Yeah. And I have a playstation. Mhm. And
I hang out with my friends. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Because I wasn't able to do that for a little while. But since it was like my birthday, like I want to say a couple, well, yeah, a couple weeks ago I hung out with my friends, we had a blackout birthday party that was fun since I haven't seen him since like March.
I don't know if it's my internet, but like your microphones like chopping up.
It's
I can hear you. It's just like sometimes it goes in and out. It's all right though. Do I sound fine? Mhm. All right.
I
mean I'm using my really old laptop because my actual computer doesn't have a camera, so I had to pull out my really old laptop just with the camera.
Oh, that's a fun game. Mhm.
I haven't
played much of it, but I remember buying it like it wasn't like the winter Steam Winter sale and said oh it's cheap, I'll buy it. I didn't play a whole lot of it, but it's a good game. Uh
Well normally I don't like Battle Royale was like Fortnite there just like, I don't know. But there's this one game that came out like a week ago, it's called Fall Guys. That's really fun. It's kind of like it's a Battle Royale game. Except you play like many games and what other people have to try and qualify and win. It's pretty fun.
Yeah.
Mhm. Man. I don't know what we should talk about. I had that problem last time I was talking to another guy and we didn't know what to talk about.
I
know. I've only had like one care and come through the store.
basically the story about that was like I was the only register open and this guy like I there was a whole bunch of people and there was just one guy who only had like a bag of ice and he got mad at me because I was the only register open. So he threw the like the ice all over the floor.
Mhm. Yeah I showed a charge that dude. Yeah
like literally all he had was a bag of ice and it was bitching at me because I was the only register open. It wasn't my fault.
Yeah that was the only care and I've only I've met so far this week. Everyone else has been nice like saying like, oh, are you knew you're doing pretty good.
of people
are friendly.
Yeah, it's kind of busy, especially cause like we're the only cashier, I'm basically the only cashier that like stays there the entire like duration of my like work because I only workplace three hours on the weekdays. So, and then it's just, it's really busy and then they usually have to call in someone, but uh
I'm going into school again, I'm
going
into
Yeah,
well like the end of august, I'm doing virtual this year, uh
I think it's gonna be for the whole year, but because right now they only had two options at the school day. Either you go like all virtual where you go like in the group and you go to school two times a week and then you go virtual like the other like three days. And if you're going to go to school two days a week you might as well just go virtual
plus. I mean plus I mean I'm starting to like look at colleges and stuff. Like I had a college class this year.
Uh It was like cybersecurity because that's kind of like what I want to go into like networking and stuff like that. Right?
Uh Penn college since it's the closest to my house,
the pen college like pennsylvania. Yeah,
I mean I live in Williamsport which is close to Pan College so I could stay at home and I have to pay like tuition or anything like that.
Yeah. Which will save a lot of money.
Yeah.
Pretty cool.
Yeah. Yeah. Gonna have to start looking for student loans just here.
Yeah. I'm probably gonna be doing a lot of googling. Mhm.
Well it was by working, I'm going to start saving up a little bit so that's good. Yeah
Now. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh I think the deadlines by like december.
lot of
I have one too, like
I like
I've already I've already had a class at the college I want to like try to visit and go to. People were really surprised I had a college class even though I was still in school. They were like wow, you must be really smart.
Mhm.
You know
I'm a night person.
What
was that Penn College? Yeah I did it back in january, it was like a semester course and I actually got college credit for it, which is really cool. Yeah.
Hopefully.
that's what we did because the semester went from like january til like april and we were in the middle of still doing classes and then we had to do like zoom meetings and I like those a little bit better because I didn't have to leave the house but the learning was better inside the actual classroom.
Yeah and there was like actual college kids doing the class too.
Class that I had was only was like 10 people I guess. I guess not a lot of people wanted to do the cybersecurity course.
But the more higher you go up,
only to hawaii people, that's how much like regular classroom sizes are, could be like 27 28. Now it's only gonna be like five people in one classroom.
They
interact.
Not not many people just talk in the zoom meetings where you were basically just all quiet and then the teachers are doing like their spiel. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
mm hmm. It's kind of sucky like I'm doing online for my senior year, but it's all right. Yeah. Uh huh. I'd rather do online to have a chance to get the coronavirus. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
I hope I congratulate in person because I'm gonna get my high school diploma from the school, I'm doing the like online from because the whole thing I can graduate with my friends because some of my friends are doing like the mixed, blended, but I'm not.
Yeah, you go in. Yeah, you go into school like two days a week.
I have no idea. They probably won't even do pE disappeared.
It will
walk
around the
gym. Social distancing.
you do meditation.
huh.
Yeah. Mhm. They were like at school there was a clubs at the clubs at school were so stupid. I went to food club. It was people that just brought in like doughnuts every thursday. It was great.
And then they had like an anime club. They had a bowling club. They
have like a um what else did they like superhero club?
I think they probably just read like superhero books and comic books.
Not
I used to read a lot but then I was like nah I don't know.
All right.
I mean I read like articles and stuff like that but like hard like hardcover books, nah.
I mean I had to read books in like english class last year. We read it was we read a whole bunch of like holocaust books. I don't know if my teacher just really like the holocaust books or like that was the curriculum, but we read a whole bunch of books like about World War Two and World War One and it was
like I was
in
history
class,
it was like I was in a history class, mm hmm,
I
remember my hair
too.
Hi.
that's pretty
the
teacher
the
teacher
wants either. Yeah.
huh
that's
I think
I think I think I think my favorite class so far has probably been like history because just learning is like about all the different types of history is really cool, especially
about the Civil War, I think that's my favorite like time period just to like learn about.
No.
It
may be a picture. Yeah.
Thanks.
We changed
history.
That
sounds really cool. One of my favorite book Officers is Stephen King. His books are really good like.
S
especially it that was a good movie to watch.
Yes. Yeah. I haven't watched a new one. Yeah I only watched the one that came out like what was it two years ago now? Yeah that one was really good. I
went by quick actually.
It
was like quick nice
talking to you. Nice
talking
to you too.
Thank
you. Bye.