Uh huh. Mm hmm. Okay. Right. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So for real.
shouldn't
be these
days.
That's fine.
I'm proud by the way,
Zach.
So you're eating dinner?
Same here. Although I guess just had lunch. My tests a rough day. Yeah,
fancy dinner.
I'm good. Have you done one of these before?
That's all paths. I signed up for this one after doing well. Yeah.
And
Something unexpected come up during the pandemic.
resolution.
Congratulations.
What job are you doing? Nice.
We're at
That's cool.
Yeah. I don't know how you have but a little bit of money. All right. When you can't do anything.
Yeah. Uh I have spent most of my time like buying game because it's not like a cozy movie is um and like there's enough on that computer rent. And so
that's good. And I guess it is offered talking mustang cruise. Uh
Yeah, I mean, do you ever have to talk to somebody for 25 minutes? So
I find like um been just doing conferences where there's something to talk about. Oxford.
Yeah. I feel like no matter,
but I plan to talk about trends. We end up talking about coronavirus anyway. Yeah it
yeah, it's the
the bummer.
Yeah, I'm lucky enough to work at home so I can mostly speak. Okay. Oh
thank you. Uh Yeah, but like if you had told me in february, is that like half
of
Yeah like they when my office they're like oh we're going to like close down, there's still so much stuff at the office and I was like uh there like uh so
yeah, but it's
not.
Yeah, I mean I think I had a real hard time understanding what time was at the beginning, but I think I'm more or less used to it. I know if that makes sense. Um
Yeah. What do you do to spend your time
watch video games?
Okay. Do you pick
up
on
d.
started
Yeah, billy december. But I feel like I to look at I thought it
oh sorry, I'm like kind of far from my
router and also. Okay.
Since like the pandemic I have rearranged where I so I like my powder in my bedroom but I don't want to work in my bedroom. I want to like have that distance. But unfortunately the uh I have like my work computer stuff on this thing. Now I have my really old laptop. And so when your pc games earlier I started to make a first and uh huh I can't play it at my house because my laptops too old like use the wifi. So I
was
Yeah, I mean I probably should just buy a new laptop. Think that I really like um when it wasn't the identikit was like, I had other stuff play video games, but now it's just like, yeah, I'm just as I started valley and
it's
not,
it's so I saw this tweet about like three different types of people. There are people who want to compete with themselves. There are like action, mortal kombat games. People are like with other and then there's like people like me who like started valley. I don't want to compete with anybody. Try am. So
that's cool.
I think like literally since I don't play video games often and I'm like a button masher when I play games like X box or whatever, I'm really not good at those types of names. Um so I can excel at the art gallery. Uh huh. Just mostly just left clicking on something.
Yeah. Uh huh. I think the last time we ended up talking about where but how much about work when you've only been working for a week? You're
not?
That's good. Yeah.
That's rude.
Uh huh.
Yeah like bitch had somebody else like okay, duplicate yourself.
That's good. Is it
like
a physics store?
Do you um did you like just graduate? Where are you going at this sector
in
your
year? Yeah. Nice.
When do you call
for the holy for starting
there?
that's nice. Which college class?
you know where you want to go to college?
Wait what you call it?
Great. Where are you at?
That's cool.
Yeah that's what I more or less bid. But I was like I can't be at home. My mom lives in like a very small town and so I was like I need to go to some place in Chicago and went somewhere like at least my tuition discards but had to pay hold it. Yeah,
I went to grad school at um University of Pennsylvania. Yeah, I
like the mafia. I miss it
of.
Yeah, I mean hopefully the interest rates have been really low for other stocks, but hopefully that means we'll be low for student loans.
I did work study in college too. Um One of my dogs I worked at uh huh and that was like fun because I got to watch concert in basketball games and like pretty much my work was like taking tickets at the beginning and then cleaning up afterwards. Pretty sweet. Not as sweet as like the people who get to work in the library and get to do homework well, but I really can't complain.
When do you have to apply for college?
Okay. You have tons of time. Will you be doing
the college visit?
Well they
have nothing.
Mhm. Yeah I did um
psychology, they had the community college had classes and the most surprising part of that is I woke up at six AM to go to it because this before
regular classes started was definitely not a morning person.
Yeah there was a class at um penn college or was
another.
that's good. Hopefully uh hopefully you'll be able to do another course with here.
I mean if it's all virtual take it.
fewer distractions.
There's been college have really big class sizes, Are they pretty small?
Uh huh. Okay that's that's how it is that I had a lot of glasses that were on the smaller size. Especially like as you go up and um like whether it's just difficult, not like my intro classes had 100 people.
Yeah. Yeah. And then in grad school you have classes with just five people. Yeah, we had one class, there were like 20 people and the professor didn't even know how to handle how many people. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you think, do people like interact
on Zune when they're in classes or does that
happen?
Well at least this will be more normal when you come up to this next failure. People know how to handle it.
Yeah.
Hopefully things will be back and you look at the graduate when it's like in person.
Is that explained it? You mean like they go into school sometimes?
Yeah. Not to me. What what are they doing for? Like e
Yeah. Just take a walk around the block.
Tell
us about
it.
Do a yoga video from Youtube so similar to.
Yeah. Yeah I remember like my P. E. Courses there was like one time where it was like fun. We did the script where we went to so roller stating local roller rink. You know I think it was just like only business they ever saw. Uh huh.
Um So that was fun and then I think we had one where we also like they or will and bullying maybe. Um So but other than that it was just like I see classes with like weightlifting so
that sounds like a great club. My country quantity.
Thanks.
What does superhero clubs do? Do they
I mean that's that's cool. Like a specialty book club. Yeah. Do you do a lot of reading
your fault at
you've got to get over that? There's nothing else to do during the pandemic. Mhm.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Uh I've always been like a reader um but like when I was in especially like college and grad school when you're reading so many books that are required, it's you kind of just get first.
Maybe
they're
just like
learn
from them.
Yeah we had a one year we had a class that was
like
half
of it was history and
half of it was american literature and they like fight it together. Really cool. Like we would be reading about the Revolutionary War in our history textbook, then we would be reading um you know literature from that same time period
as well as. Yeah but I think my favorite uh in high school like overall was this world literature class, it was like brand new my senior year. It that was just literally the teacher was like just go find a book from another culture and read it and then tell me about it. The really close like I think you know you get stuck reading what english
teachers
want
you
to read.
Yeah, so I found like a couple of authors that became like my favorite authors just because it's like I need to find a book from X Country um
and that was it
level. Yeah, I
like to lot
and
there's um they're not like before the Civil war, there's this
sci fi fantasy author, Octavia Butler, have you ever heard of her? Okay. She is amazing. Um And she has this book called Kindred and it's set in like the mid 19 seventies and it's about this black woman who gets like pulled back in time to like save this white plantation son. And then it's uh there's like white plantation that's on this white plantation, and it turns out like that's really great, great, great great grandfather. And so every time one of them feels here she goes back. So like if she's if the sun feels fear she gets pulled back to save him, if he feels fear she gets sent back to the seventies. But I guess if I read that like 15 years ago or something and it was like such a but I just read the graphic novel like they took it like you get into like a
controversy.
Yeah, it was really good if you're like interested in like the Civil War stuff like this, it was set between like 1970 then I think
it was like, it started like 1915 and went to like 1918 or 1950 18, 15, and then went to like 40. But it was like interesting because um she's like because at one point I feel like takes three books back with her and then they're like you can't let that get out, people
will go
crazy. Yeah but for her she's like I don't know what happened um Like she doesn't know the particulars of something. So at some point her husband who's a white man get pulled packed and still like they are like trying to research when they're in the seventies like everything that happened just so that they can survive back then. But it's a really really
good book.
Well this is I didn't read any of even hangs but if you like graphic gory stuff
there's definitely that with the slavery thing.
I have only seen the new one. I haven't seen the one with curry.
wow. Well I just thought we did make it through a 25 minutes.
Well, once you talk about video games and like
for me novels.
well it's nice talking with you, Zack,
enjoy your
top.
Yeah, enjoy this. Your steak
too.