SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi Good
SPEAKER_L: how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. All right so how does this work? We're just supposed to talk for 20 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess that's it
SPEAKER_L: Alright cool. Is there like a timer or we just kinda it's 12 so I guess 12 25.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I guess we keep it
SPEAKER_L: All right sounds good. How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: all right. It's just one of those lazy Sundays you know? What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah same here just started pouring outside here so I guess it's going to be like a staying in all day kind of thing. Um
SPEAKER_R: where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: From Chicago but we're living in winter garden florida now which is central florida so and outside Orlando like a suburb but it's pretty cool. We moved here
SPEAKER_R: Night.
SPEAKER_L: three years ago me and my girlfriend. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah I like it. Good to be out of the cold weather for me. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm born and raised in new york city. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay cool. Yes so you get the cold weather still
SPEAKER_R: it's already
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: starting to get really cold.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I was we were in Chicago last weekend visiting family and stuff and it was already starting like where it was too cold for me but you know they were all happy with it. I mean they think the fifties is still nice. Uh You
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: I'd agree
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: with that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you know I was used to when I lived there and I was buying up until like the high thirties I could get away with being comfortable but now I think I'm just conditioned so anything like below 60 or 70 feels pretty chilly. It's but you know I love it so it's still a great city. As long as they get to go visit a couple of times you here are pretty happy.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. What's life like usually in florida?
SPEAKER_L: Uh We like it a lot. Um You know it's we got the beaches nearby which are
SPEAKER_R: Can't,
SPEAKER_L: great. Uh You know I always like beaches and we have them in Chicago but it's just not the same. You know it's not an ocean uh small
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: lake beaches but it's nice. We go to the beach a lot. We have a dog, we bought a place down here, we got a big yard, which is something you don't get in Chicago. Um Nice, no traffic uh hot. I mean if you like, if you don't like hot weather you're obviously gonna hate it. But um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I was born in Louisiana and raised in Chicago, but I think the important Louisiana was already kind of conditioned for, you know, like lizard weather. So I like it. I mean it's fun. There's a lot to do. Obviously get the beaches, the beach towns, theme parks, tons of bars and breweries and restaurants and it's nice how do you like life up there in new york?
SPEAKER_R: I mean what I really like about new york city is just like there's always something to do and I noticed when I go to like other cities like maybe like Philly or like boston like it's really jarring to me that shops close up right around nighttime and that's just like something I love about new york city, like you can always find someplace open and like there's always going to be something to do, but obviously given the conditions of the pandemic right now, that's kind of limited, but outside of the pandemic it's always fun. There's always something going on, it can be very chaotic. I do agree with like what everyone says, like the people are meaner here. I know, it's like my friends outside of new york city, they're like much nicer than the ones inside new york city, so that's always something um yeah, I mean like I feel like it's been kind of like glamorized media and stuff like that they I particularly enjoyed, I mean I was raised here so like I'm kind of used to it, it's like it's kind of like normal to me, but it's always interesting to think like wow people this complete different perception of new york city just because and shows
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've actually never been. Uh it's not my list of places I got to go to, but you always hear about the people. But I mean I feel like you get that in Chicago to where you know, people are a little more little more of an edge to them. Oh where that's one thing I noticed
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: down here, people are a lot more friendly and a lot more laid back, you know, probably just you know living in the city, you know you're on top of each other all the time, like Chicago walking down the road even you know you interact with a lot of people and you got more space down here. So I think people are just more on edge because you know, we're around each other all the time in those big cities. It's funny you mentioned late night stuff because that was an adjustment because that was definitely Chicago to, we had five a.m. Bars and definitely don't have that here stuff starts to shut down around midnight, which so getting used to. But yeah, I'm getting there but I was always a laid back guy when I lived up in Chicago I DJ at a couple of clubs and played in a band my whole life and
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: was always out till 56 in the morning and it's definitely behind me now. I have a hard time, stand up past 1 30 which is started feeling pretty lamp,
SPEAKER_R: I'm starting to reach that point in my life too. I just feel like it's an accomplishment if I go to bed at like 10 PM now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you start to feel it. Um But yeah, back then, I mean I remember nights, I would put a DVD in at five a.m. And start watching a movie at five o'clock now. It's like if I don't put it in by 9 30 I'm done the chance to see the end of it. But you know, it's, I feel more well rested now and I think I'm more healthy. So it's probably a good thing. So yeah, a lot of things are still closed down around you, I think between new york and florida, we had kind of the opposite, as far as reactions with opening everything and keeping everything closed. And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I keep seeing headlines about like the situation in florida and it just seems like it's pretty terrible down there.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah, it's funny because we see the headlines about the other cities where everything's closed and people think that's it's just a spin. You know, everybody thinks that it's terrible to have everything closed. And when we were up in Chicago, everyone was asking like, like, it was a war zone down here, but honestly, you wouldn't even know anything is going on from outside. Um People wear masks, and so that's good. We definitely wear them anywhere we go, you know, dr and we drove back to Chicago and driving through the country. I gotta say, uh Tennessee seemed to be the only place where nobody was compliant whatsoever. I mean, I didn't see a single mass the entire time we're in that state. Um people were just kind of going about their business. But down here, you know, the headlines, I think paint a different picture, but people are pretty, pretty well behaved down here. Um, Things have gotten better since july. I don't know. You probably saw the headlines july. It was terrible, but things are pretty good right now. So I mean, you know, our governor definitely is all about the economy, which, you know, it is. I guess it is what it is down here because we're a tourist place. Uh, you know, we rely on that tourism. So he wants to give people back down here. I think we're all just hoping is things over soon, right, man. Like it's seven months now. We stayed in the first, we stayed in from March to august. So five months like just me and my girlfriend stayed in with just us an adult. Um didn't go anywhere, didn't really see anything. We went for drives, which kind of helped our state of mind. But it's crazy because normally every weekend we're going to a concert, a brewery, maybe hop into like Universal Studios because you get like those local resident passes, you can get them for like $10 a month, you can go into Mark's whenever you want. So we're always out doing something that was just five months in the house. It was rough. I mean, I'm sure you had a similar thing. You guys really off the back. I hit pretty hard, Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I definitely remember that, like thinking about how you just said war zone, that's how I would describe it. Like back in March, it just felt like the local hospital near me just felt like it was a war zone and then like, I think the city got its stuff together like over the next couple of months and like now things are starting to look way better and like I'm a high school chemistry teacher so like, it was a huge adjustment for me just like to transfer like over the course of one week, all my physical classes into like an online learning experience and stuff like that. So it's been like the bulk over my time has been going like during quarantine, so like, at least I have something to focus on. So I'm not just like feeling like board and like my own home. So that's been kind of nice I guess. But it was definitely a huge adjustment and like before the quarantine and everything, like I was like actively like going to the gym and stuff like that almost every day. I was like finding a nice routine and then quarantine happened and I was like, oh man, I was just like really getting the hang of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely throws life off track and they were jim's, everybody had to get used to working from home. And um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I thankfully I I actually lost £45 during quarantine because it's so much free time. I've just been running out in the yard, I just started running
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: going out in the yard every day for an hour and running for about an hour every day or jogging I should say. So I'm definitely not fast but um you know there's positives to it too I guess if you use that time you know to do something but I definitely can't wait to get back to being able to go to restaurants and movie theaters and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I know like some places are slowly starting to like open up but even then like I still wouldn't feel like safe and comfortable just going into like those low capacity like indoor dining and stuff like that. Like I definitely want to like Wait it out until I know it's like for sure we're good to go. 100%.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same here, we're not doing restaurants or bars or anything like that. We've
SPEAKER_R: Special.
SPEAKER_L: done the beach, but the beach is you can go there and we don't get near anybody. I mean you know the whole state is coastline so you can find plenty of areas where you can just hang out, don't see people. So that's really all we do. No restaurants, no bars, no know anything
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: else indoors, no movie theaters. The movie theaters are open but they're only showing older movies anyway so it's not really that you know appealing anyway so uh yeah just hopefully we get back to normal by next summer. I'd hate to sacrifice another summer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean like I've been seeing headlines about like the upcoming vaccine and like all the trials and stuff like that. It's looking pretty good. But like whether we'll all get it by next summer is up for debate because there's obviously like healthcare workers get a priority and like the elderly and stuff like that. So it makes me wonder like when like the other people would finally get it and like we all get it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what I read it might be like March or april before someone like like me or you can just you know younger healthy people can just walk in and get it at like a CVS or whatever. So I mean that's still someone close to summer but I think I read a really good take on it that someone was writing. Um you know even when the health care workers and the E. M. T. Drivers and the elderly start
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: there were complications.
SPEAKER_L: vaccinated. You know
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: it chips away a little bit at that at that crowd that is susceptible to the virus. So the more people you take out of that pool, the less unless it moves around. So that will be good for people like us, even when they get vaccinated because it's still, it kind of cuts back on what the disease could do, how much you can jump around. So I mean you probably understand this better be a chemistry teacher to some degree.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I remember like right around the time the pandemic was hitting like everybody, I was asking me for my thoughts just because I taught chemistry. I'm just like, this is like above my pay grade. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. I mean, I feel like we all probably feel like we have phds for reading so much about this by now. I mean for the first month I was just obsessed like february March, reading about it nonstop and then like going on reddit and reading about it and you find just like awful people on there. I was like, dude, I'm not going near that again because these people are just making me think it's about to turn into walking dead out here. Um, they had to believe in all these stories, you know, like because obviously it's
SPEAKER_R: that's right.
SPEAKER_L: bad thing, but it's not as bad as we thought it was gonna be back in february. You know, we didn't know what we're dealing with, but we all kind of had these apocalyptic scenarios in our heads. I think at least I did, maybe I was reading too much on Reddit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think like back in like maybe february in january before it really hit. I just thought like I was a lot like everybody else like, oh this is like being like blown way out of proportion. I feel like it's just because like I personally never experienced anything like this before, so I thought it was just impossible, but then like once it hit now like seven months in this just feels like normal life. Like I don't remember really too much life was like before this like this seems like the routine nowadays.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's weird how quick you get used to this and like, what life was like back in like january.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I can't even remember like getting up and actually going somewhere and going out to dinner on a Wednesday or to a movie, you know, until like uh you can't even imagine it now. We're just kind of like, today we get up and hanging out. I don't even know if we'll do anything. Um We've been watching a lot of monster like horror movies because it's october so that's kind of helping kill some time
SPEAKER_R: Which movies have you seen so far?
SPEAKER_L: last night we watched insidious Part two because we're rewatching all the insidious movies. You ever seen those? Those are pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of them. Horror movies have never really been my thing. I'm more of like I'm like kind of afraid of them so Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: we watch a lot of them in the fall time but we like movies a lot in general. So we definitely, that's one thing I miss the most like the little things like going to the movies we did that you know the AMC past? Yeah, we had that and like we would literally go to the movies like once or twice a week just to get out of the house, you know and on a Wednesday or whatever. Weeknight. I think that was the thing I missed the most was being able to just go do that, you know, break up the week a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's funny you mentioned the AMC pass because like I was thinking about this the other day, like I wanted to get one of those except for like regal theaters like last summer. And now I'm just thinking like, wow, I'm glad I didn't get that. I would not have gotten my money's worth out of that during this pandemic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it would have been a wash. Right? Thankfully. AMC was cool and they let us pause it and then they ended up just canceled and so we didn't end up paying anything while it was going on. But yeah regal I think did it differently? We have to pay for
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the year up front. What was the one movie pass that one that was around for a little while and just kind of died out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's the one that really made all this stuff popular and I was so curious about it the other day. I was like, how come no one talks about this obviously because of the pandemic. But like I felt like it kind of died out and read up on it on Wikipedia turns out when bank dropped a while back and then they just went over. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we had it and the first few months that when we lived down in florida we had it and it worked great and then it just started getting to a point where it was just not working like you would get to the movie and you were supposed to order your ticket on the app like while you're at the theater you have to be like within a mile or whatever and you have just one that you order tickets
SPEAKER_R: It's not.
SPEAKER_L: anymore or you can order your ticket and get there and they would say they didn't have it. Um So we got burned like a couple of times like using it and trying to go to a movie and finally just canceled it but I guess they had no money to fund it anymore, they're just kind of done but the A. M. C. One is great. Um Obviously it depends what theaters by your house so like whatever because regal we really like read a lot too but we don't have one like in our new area so we do the AMC because we got like three of them right here and yeah it's like you miss little things like going to the movies or going out to dinner, even just
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: going to chili's or something that even going anywhere special you know just being out amongst the public. Um I hope we're not all like weird and antisocial when we get back out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I remember like last month or like the new york city schools were trying the system of like doing like some hybrid model of like having in person learning some days and then online the other days, and just seeing like all my coworkers again for the first time since March. It just felt like so jarring. It was just like, do I remember how to talk to you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know, like you're kind of apprehensive. So are you teaching full time online right now?
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, so that whole plan with like hybrid learning, it kind of went under just because the way they're modeling it in New York City now is like, if a specific neighborhood or zip code has like a high infection rate of like over 3.5% the schools in that zip code are going to shut down, and mine was one of them. Um So it went from like doing this hybrid model to Fully remote again, just like back in March, but this time around like we're obviously we anticipated that we were going to do remote learning, so like it was a lot easier to transition to. So yeah, basically full time teach five classes from like 8-3 Monday through Friday online. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well I have a lot of friends that are teachers and I know it's benefit of judgment, just get used to it, teaching through a screen I guess. Right? Or
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: definitely like pros and cons to it, it's just like definitely like the kids are less likely to misbehave when it's like an online class because like their cameras and mikes are muted also like they really can just like just misbehave. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: making disruptions and stuff. You teach high school. Huh? Like how's that? How do you like it? Are they?
SPEAKER_R: Um Like I kind of enjoy like I cannot imagine myself teaching elementary because I feel like they're way too young and I feel like middle schoolers would be like the worst, the worst parts of elementary and high school. So like I like high school just feels like they're mature enough for like you can pretty much talk to them like adults, which is nice. And I do like just like the general atmosphere of working in a high school, obviously there are bad days and good days and like it also kind of matters like what kind of content you teach, luckily I teach chemistry and like I majored in that in college, so like it's easy for me to talk about it if a kid asks a question like, about chemistry, I probably won't say like, I don't know, I have an answer for them. So like stuff like that is great and like doing lab experiments with them is fun, but like obviously with remote learning, like we can't really do lab experiments, which kind of sucks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: This was my favorite part about chemistry and biology where the lab experiments. I would, I like some chemistry in high school. I don't really cool teachers, so I mean I definitely wasn't a science major in college, but I find memories of my chemistry classes. Like I always liked experiments that I went to. Uh you went to college in new york too, I'm guessing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I went to ST john's University for my undergrad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I went to Columbia but the art school in Chicago not one in new york for film and I really liked it but never never ended up going into work in film but you know that's like just something because you you enjoy doing it I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Are there any like interesting takeaways you got from majoring in film in college well?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I learned how to you know um appreciate different aspects of movies, you know probably differently than the average person. Think about the aesthetics and you know um cinematography and things that might get you know go over other people's heads to some degree. I think I really liked cinematography so that was what I was kind of focusing on. So you you know you appreciate little things like that more and you know I wish I kind of maybe what is stuck with it but to have a shot at a career in film, you really have to move to. Even in Chicago, not a lot of avenues you really have to move to L. A. I mean, and our teachers even told us that if you're really going to be looking to do this for a living, you're gonna have to move to L. A. Like new york Chicago. There's opportunities, new york definitely more than Chicago, but not enough. You know, it's a big pool.
SPEAKER_R: What would you say are your favorite films? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: See it's nothing like that. I guess you would expect from like a film person. You'd probably expect something more artsy and but I gotta say like uh true romance, you ever see that it was the first movie Quentin Tarantino wrote, he didn't get to direct it, but it was his first screenplay, Great movie. Um Just kind of a straight up kind of actions with a good cast. Um I think that's my overall favorite. That's the movie. I tend to go to the most, but Badlands is one. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's a favorite of mine. That's the cinematography thing there. Because that movie is such people cinematography. I just had like a lot of stuff like that I grew up with, I guess. Um, I like The Lost Boys a lot. I mean, that's something I watch definitely every october and american werewolf in London. Um, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of like, I like a lot of that, you know, kind of eighties, seventies, eighties homework type stuff. What are your favorites? You got your favorite movies?
SPEAKER_R: I'm definitely more of like the cliche nerd and geek type when it comes to films. Like I love like the marvel films and star Wars films. Just because like I grew up with like the marvel superheroes and Star Wars like and stuff like that. I know they're not like the most high quality films or anything, but outside of those. I think like my favorite director is Tyco Ytd and my favorite film from him is what We Do in the Shadows. Have you heard of it?
SPEAKER_L: What we Do in the Shadows? Is that the vampire? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: The one where they're roommates yet?
SPEAKER_L: that movie is so good. Yeah, I love that movie was a huge Flight of the Conchords span, which is what turned me on to the movie in the first place and yeah, I was dying. I mean, that was such a good movie. Yeah, that was great. And I love the marvel stuff. Um, I'm actually rewatching them all in a different order now. Like, I don't know if you probably saw it folded around online, there was like a different order to watch the marvel marvel movies and
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: talking about like
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: the chronological order? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it starts with first Avenger and then captain marvel, but then I watched Agent carter in there. Um But yeah, those are great movies. I mean, you know, that's part of it too with film. I mean, you can't beat that level of entertainment.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I always found that like because you mentioned the chronological order thing, like there's always like those group of people that I see on Reddit that always swear by like with marble and even like Star Wars, like you should watch them in chronological order first. And like that for me is like a hard disagree. Like I feel like on your first viewing you have to watch them in release order. Just because like there's like references and stuff like that. You wouldn't understand viewing it chronologically for the first time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. First time you've got to go with the release order and then you got like, you know, it's fun to try the chronological after you've seen them all a couple times. But yeah, Star Wars, same thing we did the chronological a couple years ago and um
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: well I didn't like it as much, I mean I just prefer
SPEAKER_R: was the
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: go back and watch them in a release order I guess, but with the marvel once it kind of has been working a little better for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think because the quality from Star Wars film to Star Wars films, like a bit more jarring than like marvel films, there's like a bit more consistency
SPEAKER_L: Can create.
SPEAKER_R: when it comes to like the marvel films like versus Star Wars. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um They just opened that Star Wars Land down here and uh we didn't even get to get on that right yet because the pandemic came, but people were going showing up there at the Disney Hollywood studios at like five in the morning to get on that Star Wars, the new Star Wars, right? I mean, I can't get up at five in the morning to do that, we're just getting ready to plan a day out, like well like we'll get over there and we'll make a day out of it and then sure enough like everything started with the pandemic and so I still have a banana, but it seems to be pretty amazing. Uh but I walk through the land and if you're a Star Wars fan and stuff is something you might want to check out. And sometimes because it really is, you know, pretty immersive, you feel like you're feel like you're there with the characters.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'll add it to my list. Salt Star Wars Land.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's called Galaxies quest and uh you might want even wait a couple of years because they're opening a hotel to, it's like Star Wars Hotel and uh
SPEAKER_R: That sounds really fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, apparently once you check in your part of the story, then, like your group is part of a story the whole time, so I mean they'll come back on your door at different hours a day and drag you out to do stuff and you know, they put you in like an immersive storyline, so I think that's opening up in like two years, so it might be worth waiting if you're going to plan a trip. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Sounds great
SPEAKER_L: yeah, if you're a fan, it's awesome and they have the marvel stuff to down here, they got the guardians of the Galaxy roller coaster and some other stuff, so
SPEAKER_R: for,
SPEAKER_L: definitely worth the trip. There's a lot of fun marvel Star Wars stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I definitely have to check that out sometime after all this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, hopefully, you know, next summer we'll be good to go. I'm optimistic at this point, you know, so we can do so yeah, it was nice talking, I think we hit our 25 so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we did,
SPEAKER_L: get on with your sunday and I enjoy yourself and you know, that's with his team man. Yeah, take care of yourself,
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye.