Hi Good
how are you?
Yeah I guess that's it
yeah I guess we keep it
all right. It's just one of those lazy Sundays you know? What about you?
where are you from?
Night.
Okay.
I'm born and raised in new york city. Yeah.
it's already
starting to get really cold.
Yeah
I'd agree
with that.
Mhm. What's life like usually in florida?
Can't,
Okay.
Okay.
I mean what I really like about new york city is just like there's always something to do and I noticed when I go to like other cities like maybe like Philly or like boston like it's really jarring to me that shops close up right around nighttime and that's just like something I love about new york city, like you can always find someplace open and like there's always going to be something to do, but obviously given the conditions of the pandemic right now, that's kind of limited, but outside of the pandemic it's always fun. There's always something going on, it can be very chaotic. I do agree with like what everyone says, like the people are meaner here. I know, it's like my friends outside of new york city, they're like much nicer than the ones inside new york city, so that's always something um yeah, I mean like I feel like it's been kind of like glamorized media and stuff like that they I particularly enjoyed, I mean I was raised here so like I'm kind of used to it, it's like it's kind of like normal to me, but it's always interesting to think like wow people this complete different perception of new york city just because and shows
just
So
I'm starting to reach that point in my life too. I just feel like it's an accomplishment if I go to bed at like 10 PM now.
Yeah. I keep seeing headlines about like the situation in florida and it just seems like it's pretty terrible down there.
Yeah. I definitely remember that, like thinking about how you just said war zone, that's how I would describe it. Like back in March, it just felt like the local hospital near me just felt like it was a war zone and then like, I think the city got its stuff together like over the next couple of months and like now things are starting to look way better and like I'm a high school chemistry teacher so like, it was a huge adjustment for me just like to transfer like over the course of one week, all my physical classes into like an online learning experience and stuff like that. So it's been like the bulk over my time has been going like during quarantine, so like, at least I have something to focus on. So I'm not just like feeling like board and like my own home. So that's been kind of nice I guess. But it was definitely a huge adjustment and like before the quarantine and everything, like I was like actively like going to the gym and stuff like that almost every day. I was like finding a nice routine and then quarantine happened and I was like, oh man, I was just like really getting the hang of it. Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Like I know like some places are slowly starting to like open up but even then like I still wouldn't feel like safe and comfortable just going into like those low capacity like indoor dining and stuff like that. Like I definitely want to like Wait it out until I know it's like for sure we're good to go. 100%.
Special.
All
Yeah. I mean like I've been seeing headlines about like the upcoming vaccine and like all the trials and stuff like that. It's looking pretty good. But like whether we'll all get it by next summer is up for debate because there's obviously like healthcare workers get a priority and like the elderly and stuff like that. So it makes me wonder like when like the other people would finally get it and like we all get it. Yeah.
No,
there were complications.
What,
Mhm. Yeah, I remember like right around the time the pandemic was hitting like everybody, I was asking me for my thoughts just because I taught chemistry. I'm just like, this is like above my pay grade. Yeah.
that's right.
Yeah. I think like back in like maybe february in january before it really hit. I just thought like I was a lot like everybody else like, oh this is like being like blown way out of proportion. I feel like it's just because like I personally never experienced anything like this before, so I thought it was just impossible, but then like once it hit now like seven months in this just feels like normal life. Like I don't remember really too much life was like before this like this seems like the routine nowadays.
I don't know.
Which movies have you seen so far?
I've heard of them. Horror movies have never really been my thing. I'm more of like I'm like kind of afraid of them so Yeah. Mhm
Yeah. It's funny you mentioned the AMC pass because like I was thinking about this the other day, like I wanted to get one of those except for like regal theaters like last summer. And now I'm just thinking like, wow, I'm glad I didn't get that. I would not have gotten my money's worth out of that during this pandemic. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. That's the one that really made all this stuff popular and I was so curious about it the other day. I was like, how come no one talks about this obviously because of the pandemic. But like I felt like it kind of died out and read up on it on Wikipedia turns out when bank dropped a while back and then they just went over. Yeah. Mhm.
It's not.
no.
Yeah. Yeah. I remember like last month or like the new york city schools were trying the system of like doing like some hybrid model of like having in person learning some days and then online the other days, and just seeing like all my coworkers again for the first time since March. It just felt like so jarring. It was just like, do I remember how to talk to you? Yeah.
Uh yeah, so that whole plan with like hybrid learning, it kind of went under just because the way they're modeling it in New York City now is like, if a specific neighborhood or zip code has like a high infection rate of like over 3.5% the schools in that zip code are going to shut down, and mine was one of them. Um So it went from like doing this hybrid model to Fully remote again, just like back in March, but this time around like we're obviously we anticipated that we were going to do remote learning, so like it was a lot easier to transition to. So yeah, basically full time teach five classes from like 8-3 Monday through Friday online. Yeah.
there's
definitely like pros and cons to it, it's just like definitely like the kids are less likely to misbehave when it's like an online class because like their cameras and mikes are muted also like they really can just like just misbehave. Yeah.
Um Like I kind of enjoy like I cannot imagine myself teaching elementary because I feel like they're way too young and I feel like middle schoolers would be like the worst, the worst parts of elementary and high school. So like I like high school just feels like they're mature enough for like you can pretty much talk to them like adults, which is nice. And I do like just like the general atmosphere of working in a high school, obviously there are bad days and good days and like it also kind of matters like what kind of content you teach, luckily I teach chemistry and like I majored in that in college, so like it's easy for me to talk about it if a kid asks a question like, about chemistry, I probably won't say like, I don't know, I have an answer for them. So like stuff like that is great and like doing lab experiments with them is fun, but like obviously with remote learning, like we can't really do lab experiments, which kind of sucks. Yeah.
Yeah, I went to ST john's University for my undergrad. Yeah.
Are there any like interesting takeaways you got from majoring in film in college well?
What would you say are your favorite films? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm definitely more of like the cliche nerd and geek type when it comes to films. Like I love like the marvel films and star Wars films. Just because like I grew up with like the marvel superheroes and Star Wars like and stuff like that. I know they're not like the most high quality films or anything, but outside of those. I think like my favorite director is Tyco Ytd and my favorite film from him is what We Do in the Shadows. Have you heard of it?
The one where they're roommates yet?
Are
you
talking about like
the chronological order? Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I always found that like because you mentioned the chronological order thing, like there's always like those group of people that I see on Reddit that always swear by like with marble and even like Star Wars, like you should watch them in chronological order first. And like that for me is like a hard disagree. Like I feel like on your first viewing you have to watch them in release order. Just because like there's like references and stuff like that. You wouldn't understand viewing it chronologically for the first time.
Hi
was the
people,
Yeah. I think because the quality from Star Wars film to Star Wars films, like a bit more jarring than like marvel films, there's like a bit more consistency
when it comes to like the marvel films like versus Star Wars. Yeah.
Okay. I'll add it to my list. Salt Star Wars Land.
That sounds really fun.
Sounds great
for,
Okay. Yeah, I definitely have to check that out sometime after all this.
Yeah, we did,
You too. Bye.