Hey, how are you? Can you hear me?
Hey how are you?
it's going, you're
I'm
like okay.
is
not
fourth.
you
can
do it before times I think.
Okay. I'm Stacey Female 42. Um grew up in north Carolina then living here my whole life pretty much um school teacher teach their grain. Yeah
oh my God, we're getting ready to go back and not in person but virtually and it's like two jobs and one,
I'll get right on a bridge. Not really.
Well thank
you.
I appreciate it. I'm glad you're not a teacher basher because I've seen enough of that lately where be on
social
media airport.
Yeah it is,
Okay, I get that. Yeah, you're young. Go live it up. I understand. I was there too. That sounds like fun though to you know, just take off and go on your own and You know live it up. And I've been to Seattle once we went in 2017 from Metallica concert and we stayed like a week. We had a really good time. So yeah, we like the west coast. I went to Colorado last summer. It was my only two experiences though. So we're supposed to be in New Mexico this summer but Covid ruined that. Um, and we didn't go anywhere. We have spent the entire summer like we haven't done squat, we've
basically been in this house, walk on the path outside and go, do pick up for groceries and the occasional take out. But we've just been really extremely cautious because my husband works in healthcare and we've already had um, Like four people in his company die already.
And yeah, so and I get to hear all his calls in the morning so that's fine. So now I'm like, because I have to go back to work and be around all the staff, but we have to learn asks and my little um, I'm a mentor teacher, so I help out the 1st, 2nd and 3rd year teachers, she's up right now because her fiance may have been exposed. That's fine.
He is. She hasn't yet. So we'll see what happens. Hopefully she'll be back in 14 days, but she's able to tell her work from home. So that's good. But I don't know, it's kind of nerve racking with everybody having to use the same bathroom and just, I know they're cleaning it, but it's airborne. So I don't think that the clean, you know, touching cleaning the surfaces really matters that much if it's airborne, you know, you know, so I read that article in the atlantic about how it's all um, what is it called? Theater Ha Gene or hygiene theater? I don't know. I'm just really scared and trying not to catch it and I don't know my parents are taking more, my parents are older, they're about 70 so they're taking all these risks and I'm like, what the hell are you doing? You need to stay home that uh Huh. But then again they're kind of in their twilight years. I know that sounds horrible. So who am I to tell them what to do? You know, they live their life themselves so that they know nothing. They know
I've lectured them enough, they're gonna do what they want to do. But I've had my say. So
that's why.
Well I was able to see them for um three times this summer and I probably won't see them again until in december when I can quarantine but Quarantine three times. So if they get it it's not for me because if they got it for me I don't know I couldn't I don't think I could live with that.
You weren't
Good for you. You're not gonna put your family in danger. I mean that's the responsible thing to do.
What do you think about the vaccine? Do you think you'll take it?
content.
My brother and sister in law or anti-vaxxers?
Uh huh. And they have a two year old and a five year old nash wanted choke
him anyway.
I
think
Thank you you need more $15 for this thought.
So
guys were
that is really neat. Is it do you put them on youtube or?
give me an
example.
I could
see that.
I can see that
some
deep top
it.
And group
even.
one big old mess. That is amazing. You should like, I don't know. We gotta find a way to get you a platform and see you can become famous.
That is awesome though. I would like to see some of your art. That's pretty cool. When your fingers, I'll
send
that
guy.
All
And you put it on Reddit?
Yeah, I am. I'm an older editor.
Isn't
this place is interesting.
I think.
I love me some Reddit. Oh
yeah,
yeah. I know Which subreddit to go to? Like, I like coronavirus obviously could. I liked finding out information all through the summer. I was like, I would wake up and go vaccine. We can thank God.
So I don't know. I just like different ones.
my
gosh.
huh.
leases for pool noodles.
Green flag in the classroom, freeze tag. Yeah,
Yeah, frozen prison, yep, freeze tag.
Great. Hey, you got a plan? Yeah.
And I'm just focusing on retirement.
It's coming nine years and I'm done. Thank you would.
So yeah. Um, do you have, this is a silly question I'm gonna ask anyway. Do you have any conspiracy theorists in your family?
thank
you.
My mom has become a conspiracy theorist and she believes in the whole, um, pizza gate stuff
and
Yeah. There's some kind of chemical or something in the blood. Adina, Adina chrome, something like that, that people, the celebrities are using to look younger and they're rubbing it on their skin like Madonna and lady
gaga.
And
what's insane. And my mom is like,
well that's me. True.
If her ipad ever does, I will never replace it. It's
done for you.
I'm cutting you off your finished. Sorry. All
right. Maybe I'm scary.
nervous.
I don't either. I'd rather vote
for
like,
committee.
What?
Yeah. Seriously? You're throwing your vote away?
Not gonna happen.
Mhm. Um I wish we had a good third party Canada. I just
like either one of them just like you said, I'm really nervous because I feel like there's gonna be civil wrist. There's already civil and risk, but it's going to get even worse after the election. That really scares me. I think.
theory. I've
worked.
Thank
you.
I get you. I don't know if we're gonna have to see what happens. Uh huh. This is terrible. But I don't even want to vote.
I'm so
sorry.
Trying.
Thank
you
very
Again. It well, it has been really nice talking to you, but my husband just came in and I'm going I'm really sorry. Um
Do. Okay. You ready? Okay. It's Stacey.
Mhm. S. T. A. C. Y. Harold. H. A. R. R. E. L. L. At gmail dot com. All
you so
much.
All right. Good to see you. Have
thanks.