SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, are you yeah.
SPEAKER_R: good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's up? I'm matt. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm john how's it going? So um this is an interesting experiment I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you done it before?
SPEAKER_R: No, I have not. Have you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I did one last week. And what, you do it four times. So We just talked for 25 minutes in like the survey afterwards is like uh who asked the most questions or he was like nice and like did they seem confident? It's kind of weird, but it's fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So uh tell me about yourself. What do you, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a pilot, so that's why I don't want time, like right after this I have to go hop in the van and go fly today. Uh I will
SPEAKER_R: Flying
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: anywhere in particular.
SPEAKER_L: uh usually in and out of charlotte were like the we're owned by american airlines, so we just do like the Yeah, I live in Cincinnati, I really like it. Big reds fan originally from Louisville and that's it, I think.
SPEAKER_R: cool. You have been at Cincinnati a few times.
SPEAKER_L: Ready.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, it's a cool city. It's, I'm I'm from Atlanta and compared to Atlanta it's a lot cleaner. And the city the streets makes sense because in Atlanta the streets don't make any sense at all. It has no planning like whatsoever going on there. Um But I mean that's something about me, I live here in Atlanta and Georgia, but uh and I have a variety of hobbies including woodworking. Um I used to run a recording studio and I was audio engineer and of the touring band and yeah, I haven't done that a while, currently unemployed, which is unfortunate, but you know, it is what it is in the current environment.
SPEAKER_L: I'm about to be uh I'm gonna get furloughed in october so yo I'm thinking of doing carpentry. So you do woodworking?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I do woodworking.
SPEAKER_L: Have you
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: heard?
SPEAKER_R: do you, have you done anything before?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, but I'm super interested about it. I'm pretty smart, like I'm good with my hands so like I can learn really fast like that. So I think that's a plus for me if I'm like interviewing for some kind of apprenticeship and usually people like like young people I think to write so I
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: you have never looked into it or you just do it as a hobby.
SPEAKER_R: um So I I guess you could say I've done it semi professional um carpentry like so I don't I don't build cabinets or anything like that. I do mostly lay the work and making small stuff so lay it would be like turning and so making um pens like wooden pins and acrylic pens um handles for like ice cream scoops or pizza cutters. I'll make cutting boards. Um I'll make dice trays for tabletop games like dungeons and dragons, which is another hobby of mine. Um
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Those are pretty popular people like really nice little wooden wooden di strays for rolling all the dice and stuff and uh other kind of accessories like that. And then I'll build my own shop furniture and that's sort of thing. So like my own storage and like out feed table for my table saw and that sort of thing. So
SPEAKER_L: more so yeah, somebody that used to do that stuff just kind of like uh collectible or like nice kind of luxury, fun stuff.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's a luxury If
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: you got extra cash to spend $35 on a pen Or more, I've sold $125 pens before. Really nice um exotic would uh like um not ballpoint pens. Um What am I thinking here? I'm blanking out on type of fence uh potato use with an inkwell
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Uh fountain pen or
SPEAKER_R: fountain pen. There we go. My
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: brain is just not working this morning apparently.
SPEAKER_L: You make this out of wood.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so like there's kids that you get and um
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: you drill out a small blank and put a brass tube inside. Um and then you put it on the left to spin it and turn it and do whatever shape you're gonna make, and then sand it um and put whatever finish you're gonna put on it and then you press together all the pieces, whether it's sometimes it's a it's a lot of times it's two pieces that you use, and then you'll press all the connecting like joints and um and mechanical parts together and just depends on the type of pen. I've made some that have like um dragon scales on on the tip, and like uh the end is like a dragon tail for the clip um with like a little jeweled like piece of amber on the end, I sell those for like 80 bucks, they're really popular with the DND crowd.
SPEAKER_L: some of us.
SPEAKER_R: They're pretty cool, so do you play any tabletop games or anything, any board games?
SPEAKER_L: I've been dating my girlfriend four years we lived together and we don't have cable. I mean like a lot of younger people don't, I guess we love
SPEAKER_R: like netflix
SPEAKER_L: odor.
SPEAKER_R: or something
SPEAKER_L: What's up? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: like netflix or something.
SPEAKER_L: Uh We don't even have that. So we just have like an antenna. We we really like the radio though. We like playing cards and like tabletop games. So our table top in where I'm not like super into a geeky but we're thinking about joining like a meet up group soon. I'll be home a lot more. So we really like ticket to ride their favorite. We'll get pretty competitive with that one.
SPEAKER_R: that's a good game, it's a really solid game.
SPEAKER_L: Do you win a lot of that game
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm kind of terrible at a lot of tabletop games.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: My my wife beats me most of the time we've been together for three years um and she's just better at them than me,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: president.
SPEAKER_R: she takes pride in beating me. No.
SPEAKER_L: like we like that and then she uh she like chutes and ladders because that's like that's a classic.
SPEAKER_R: Classic.
SPEAKER_L: I think our game wise it really like cribbage you replace that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: A little bit, my grandmother used to teach me things like cribbage and bridge engine and all that stuff,
SPEAKER_L: that's my next step. We were like garbage and uh we also younger. I don't know if that's big in Georgia. It's
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is it?
SPEAKER_L: Ugur it's like a german card game.
SPEAKER_R: Never heard of it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's it's big in Cincinnati, they have like clubs you can like go play in basements for like big money and stuff so
SPEAKER_R: So like poker,
SPEAKER_L: uh it's kind of
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: mean with the community and stuff, people going and being and that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of like spades though but like you play with half a day and it's got like weird rules, Jack will be to ace if it's trump, so that's where
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: we put
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: those are our favorites. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um I can make all kinds of suggestions for different games. Uh there's so many, I went to uh are you familiar with gen con at all? Yeah, so that's the big tabletop game one, I went there last year, it got canceled this year, obviously. Um But oh my God, the number of games that come out every year and that people designed and like Kickstarter is uh it's it's insane. I picked up uh this card game called someone has died and it's all about will arbitration. It's a really weird game. Um but it's kind of like a role play game where you kind of act like you're the person trying to convince the arbitrator to that you're entitled to the will. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: there's all kinds of weird games, tons of cat games, which I've got three cats, so I'm way into cat games because why not? Ah
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: So there's just a lot of stuff out there. Do you have a good local game store that you have? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: we're pretty good, I'll bet we do but I just haven't had time to look, we just moved there in december so and obviously the current event has been shut down so I'll have to look. Uh that sounds
SPEAKER_R: Check them out.
SPEAKER_L: is it usually pretty pricey when it's like an independent produce game or
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I mean I guess so. Um you know you're not looking at like well known, it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: so?
SPEAKER_R: average I would say. Uh So if you're looking at a game like um how ah my brain is blank and again, um really popular, it'll come to me later. Some games are like $50 for a larger game. A lot of your games are going to average with independent games between 15 and 30 you know so you can build up a collection pretty pretty easily without spending a whole lot of money. One of our favorites, it's called Carcassonne. Uh And it's a tile based game um where you're claiming resources like cities and stuff as you lay down the tiles. Um It seems really simple at first but it's got a ton of strategy involved Um which is the best kind of games like easy to grasp. But the strategy part of it is after the fact like really uh it's really uh more in depth than it seems um that one runs like 20-25 bucks and has like three or four expansions to it. Uh I highly recommend that one.
SPEAKER_L: Carcassonne like CRC
SPEAKER_R: CRC.
SPEAKER_L: and then there s. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah Carcassonne. Yeah, there we go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: girl.
SPEAKER_R: Um But yeah, they're not I always I'm always into supporting local game shops and especially like, you know, independence, independent game makers. I mean that's just there's a lot of effort that goes into making a game and I thought about doing some game design stuff, but it's a lot of effort.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't even know you you can contact first uh start the process of getting it made and refined and I guess probably some maybe. But that seems like the biggest paying but trying to network and make it work. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean a lot of those games they come to fruition only because Kickstarter is one of the top funded types of kick starters is board games.
SPEAKER_L: How do you know that? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And so yeah, as long as you said, like a reasonable goal of money um It's something like 70-80% of the games get funded, Which is pretty large and they'll get funded, not only like funded, they'll get funded, three or 400% passed their goal. Um And then you got to find a manufacturer and uh, figure out all that stuff, but before you kick start, you usually have that sorted. It's a lot of like talking to people in china for the most part, um, for factories to produce it, but some people get them made local. Uh, those might have a higher price tag though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where was your, where was the comforts at this year or last?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, it's always in Indianapolis right now. I think it used to be in Milwaukee and then they moved it to Indy. Um, have you been there before?
SPEAKER_L: Indy. Yeah. Of animals. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think Indianapolis is like after being there. I feel like Jenkins. The only reason to go to Indianapolis.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's exactly, I don't know why it's so big. I just I grew up in Louisville too, so like India was like the next fifth city up and I always hated, I was never a colts fan. I never liked Indiana. I just dislike it. So you're telling me we're agreement. That Indie sucks.
SPEAKER_R: I think the best part, like I said is gen con and then I went to at least two really good breweries while I was there. Are you into go into like breweries and microbreweries and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we like it a lot. I think it's like a big trend all over us right now. Mhm. Most
SPEAKER_R: it's definitely grown a lot in the last 10 years
SPEAKER_L: yeah. What's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: here?
SPEAKER_R: Uh my favorite type of beer would be um I go for alcoholic efficiency, so anything that's like 10% are out. Um uh So usually stouts or triples or quads. Um But sometimes you'll find some sours that are like 10 plus. Um
SPEAKER_L: You uh maybe. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I was just because I am not huge on beer, I wasn't huge on beer before my wife started taking me to breweries and uh then that got me into it. So, but that's why I go for alcoholic efficiency because I might not want to drink that many. So.
SPEAKER_L: I'll bet you like if you haven't had it yet uh bourbon, barrel aged 4th or something like that I'm talking about, I'm sure. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I've had a because I started getting to those because my preferences actually, bourbon and whiskey most of the time. So. But I mean with the pandemic, I haven't had a drink and five months really. I think we had some beers that we picked up that were just from the grocery store. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: people have the opposite problem right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Too much alcohol. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uncle.
SPEAKER_R: I would hate myself if I was just sitting at home drinking all the time during this
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you got to pace yourself, otherwise it gets to be like,
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: you know, Yeah, in Ohio, our governor's name was like the wine and he's doing that daily briefing and all the governor's doing. So they we made a thing called wine with the wine at TPM. They would just get kind tipsy online and TPM and then uh in Kentucky they did a beer with the sheer the
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't think you can rhyme any alcohol with camp. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Probably for yourself out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, maybe. Maybe there's some some
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Smart guy.
SPEAKER_R: knickknacks. Yeah. Uh I can't I can't stand camp, but that's a whole another another story there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh Yeah, my uncle works and we really don't know what he does, but it's oh like there's his degrees in graphic arts, so he's used to like making displays and like logos and stuff, but somehow he started working for Kroger and then he found some connection to some alcohol company. So I think he like distributes alcohol or something or makes like if you walk into a walmart and they have like the big bud light, welcome back to college kind of displays, that's what. But he said he's been like Swamped at work, like nationwide alcohol sales are like 50% and they just can't
SPEAKER_R: jesus
SPEAKER_L: make this stuff. So right now,
SPEAKER_R: so I I'm in the high risk category for coronavirus because I've got cystic fibrosis. Um and so I haven't been anywhere. My wife has been doing all the shopping and stuff. A liquor store is probably the last place I would want to go. As far as like grocery shopping goes. I'm like I don't wanna I don't want to touch that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: let me,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I was talking my grammy last week, she's kind of the same uh pickles. She she's just reading down the list of What makes you high risk for coronavirus. She was like, I'm over 70, I have type two diabetes, I just got my spleen taken out and I'm not very active And I was like Dang Grammy, you're like hitting four out of five check marks. And she asked.
SPEAKER_R: my mom is in the same sort of situation, she's not over 70, but she's had respiratory problems In the past like two years, she was on oxygen for like six months and she's trying to take it seriously, but my step dad isn't and I had to chastise him for not being responsible about, I was like dude you're putting your own life at risk, what is what is wrong with you? Also my mother, but just wear a mask, come on, it's not that hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, yep. My do you have any medical people in your family? Like any nurses or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Not family but uh I've got friends that are and well my ex wife's family had a couple of nurses in it. Um So uh and and with my cystic fibrosis, I've got a lot of experience with being in hospitals but um yeah, I worry about them right now uh deal with that because there you are nurses. Um So the worst, worst position to be in right now I would say
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My aunt's fine. She's a it's really gets her head before she's like a classic nurse type. Just want any dinner conversation. She's like, I'm a nurse and she tries to flaunt her like education
SPEAKER_R: her
SPEAKER_L: and say
SPEAKER_R: nursing
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: nous Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: know, Yeah, I think they're the most in the world was and I love her. But as soon as the coronavirus hit, she she almost want to be like a deserter. Like her mom is like going crazy as she was depressed, she tried to quit but they won't let her otherwise. I think he was your nursing license, whatever if you quit drinking. So she's had to stay in and she's like I mean it's a
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: total,
SPEAKER_R: kind of horrible.
SPEAKER_L: yeah the uncle I was talking about the alcohol guy, he's usually like come on over let's have smoked chicken and beer and stuff but anybody over and like they're yelling at the family if they have anything going on and they won't even talk to Grammy at all. So she's really she's changed quite a bit, she's having a hard time. Beckett.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's unfortunate. I can understand though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah if you see somebody like coughing up their lungs all day and then dying it has to get to you. But so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. The death rates so high I mean. Yes. Yeah and it seems like it's a small number when you look at percentage but it's so much higher than a regular regular virus when it's like More than .5% into By the end of this, I feel like it's you know the whole like 6° to Kevin Bacon kind of deal Like it's going to be less than 6° for everybody from knowing somebody that died from it. Um Just because the numbers are going to be so big at least that's my opinion. Um Maybe it will just disappear like like the president says, but I doubt it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Silver mode.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Like what's your perspective is semi he's like at a higher risk are you afraid of it or you just kind of staying if I get it I get it I'll just take the steps I can or how do you feel?
SPEAKER_R: I'm terrified.
SPEAKER_L: Are you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah because um there's been a few. I'm on the are you on Reddit at all?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I love ready? I was on there five minutes ago.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Right. And the thing you're not supposed to talk about is being on Reddit, but uh nobody ever usually talks about it. But yeah, there's a cystic fibrosis of and there's been a couple of patients that have gotten it and I haven't followed up, but they were doing okay and obviously everybody's body reacts differently to it. Um There's research saying that the masks wearing, even if you get it while you're wearing a mask, the viral load is lower, so you're less likely to experience like uh like a very severe case of it. Um But yeah, for me, I mean, I just I don't know, I've been relatively healthy the past two years. I haven't had a hospitalization. Um but my lungs are already a 75% capacity. Um I don't have a lot of headroom to go down and it's the recovery. It's the after the fact, I mean, I think about even if it's a light case, they're still scarring and stuff that happens. And if I lose lung function, it's most most likely I'm not going to regain it. So my quality of life drops, assuming I don't just straight up get put on a ventilator from it, which the rates of recovery after going on a ventilator aren't exactly the highest. And if if there is is if it's true that they're having to choose who goes on a ventilator by who's most likely to make it, I could be the person they say, well, he's scared, cystic fibrosis, we're going to give it to somebody else, which is a really shitty thought to have. But that could be a possibility. So, that kind of, that terrifies me.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting. That's good. That's interesting here that perspective.
SPEAKER_R: What about, like you and your wife I'm assuming are just like healthy individuals.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yes we're both in like high risk occupations so she's like finishing up grad school with occupational therapy so it's
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: messed up her whole luckily she did her placements or like internship type things like out of state from where she went to college. So her original one was a hospital in downtown Cincinnati and it got delayed and delayed and canceled so because they just want much students but now she's at a she made another gig at a nursing home and she she said several staff members have got like 13 out of 100 and uh aviation. I mean we're taking a lot of precautions especially if I do I existing conditions I feel safe but I'm in like a different state every day so we're both like pretty if somebody's gonna get it, we have a high chance of getting it, so we're
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: you're travelling to high risk states. I'm assuming to like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in pennsylvania right now and I was in florida last week and I've
SPEAKER_R: florida
SPEAKER_L: been,
SPEAKER_R: is terrible.
SPEAKER_L: we're in and out of charlotte north Carolina, so I don't know, I totally understand uh like your perspective in my grandma's perspective and I respect it and I'll do everything I can but I feel like the mindset we have to have is like you know a pilot or like a hospital worker, it's I'll do everything I can but I can't be afraid of it or else I'll just be afraid every day. But I really was in March and april I was quite a bit. I was yeah, yeah, everybody else. Holy shit, this is crazy. Is he in the world? So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can understand that being on a plane with all that recirculated air for hours at a time with like that's not, not a safe position to be in.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's not not as bad as you think though, It's I think it's way cleaner than it used to be in february. Like much much cleaner like you smell like Before. It was just kind of like musty. This thing hasn't had a day off since like 1984, but now it smells like it's just been like cleanse like hell. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. That must be plain smell. I every time I fly I kind of uh that's that's what I smell it. It's like stagnant air. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now I mean so I feel kind of safe. It's just like when uh they're putting all this air traffic in like one airport versus like three. So everybody's got closer together in the boarding process and you get people are generally kind of stupid so they're gonna like sneeze in the air and yeah, that's where it's like unsafe once you're on the plane or like once you're admitted into a hospital, I think that's when it's safe. So. Anyways
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People are indeed stupid. Like
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: I blows
SPEAKER_L: though.
SPEAKER_R: my mind like, like I didn't mean to get on like now we're on like the the current current politics and and and all that stuff of it. Like it's, it
SPEAKER_L: that's what
SPEAKER_R: I can't believe people are being this dumb. I can't believe the number of people that believe that they're going to be chips in the vaccine. Like my mind is just blown by this and like I'm not as afraid of it as I was three or four months ago. As far as the pandemic stuff goes now, I'm afraid of the people like are you serious? Can I can't believe the level of misinformation. And my mom, my mom made some facebook posts with some blatant misinformation stuff like that video of all those crazy doctors that were saying it was a hoax and conspiracy that got removed from Youtube. So she posted that and I, we had some an exchange of words and I was like you need to take this shit down. I'm like her friend group is not the brightest friend group and she's spreading this information to the, to the people that are going to take it seriously. And I'm just like you're going the conspiracy theory route here and you need to stop. Mm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: don't blame me. I don't blame you. Get weird up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And my mom is unfortunately one of those people sometimes snow. I love her to death. But and she's always been there for me but it hurts me that somebody that close to me is spreading that kind of misinformation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I understand.
SPEAKER_R: So, but I mean it's nice to hear that you've got family like the, like your uncle and your aunt that are obviously like taking it seriously. Um Is your grandmother still going like out and doing stuff? Is she doing her grocery shopping or she have somebody helping her with that?
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of weird. She has to she has diabetes and so recently the medication is so expensive so she was retired but she had taken new job so she works the front desk at a nursing home. So she's she's scared as hell. I heard her like cry on the phone. I've never heard her talk like that. But she I feel like she feels safe because like you know they have to drop stuff off on the floor. She didn't touch it and they understand she's old at risk so but she's let's go to work but she won't go to the grocery store. She's like terrified to go in the nursery. So my mom will go get stuff for and drop it off at her house. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's good though. It's good that she's doing that. My wife told me that after Georgia Georgia was one of the first states to reopen. Uh and then like right after they reopened like the number of people wearing masks went down at like when she was at the store. And she said it varies at different times. Like in the morning most people are wearing masks, but by the evening most like 50% of them aren't. And I'm just like, yeah, we reopened. It's not gone. We just did a stupid thing and we reopened right?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if people will be different this second reopening at least my mindset changed too, so I feel like people are taking it more seriously, especially in airports and hospitals that I've seen in restaurants and stuff, so I'm positive I think it'll get better. But
SPEAKER_R: I hope so. Red. It's full of a lot of, a lot of pessimistic information. So
SPEAKER_L: well just the people on Reddit to they're all like super, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: bro
SPEAKER_L: yeah gung ho Snowflake, got the world's falling out so you gotta take it with a grain of salt so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It feels that way though. Sometimes like just 2020 is a giant dumpster fire. It's
SPEAKER_L: yeah it is,
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, 2021. Hopefully. I dare I say it couldn't be any worse. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: you can always
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: could. Um But sex for like, so how old are you?
SPEAKER_L: almost 25.
SPEAKER_R: I was 25. So I'm 31. I don't look at. But um uh so I'm 31. And I mean for us in our generation like our opportunities are so much more limited By just like what happened before we hit the workforce in the 20s um in our twenties and then uh with like 2007 and then the market dropping everything and now it's even worse. Uh that's going to affect the next 20, years of our lives in the economy. Uh So that like that really that really sucks I think about that sometimes like that's an unavoidable like you can't really politicize that or or have to take it with a grain of salt because it's like that's just that's the reality of it and that kind of sucks a lot. But um my wife will at least she has a lot of job opportunity coming up, it will still be a little more difficult but she's a she's way smarter than me, she's uh gotta she's working on her PhD in engineering psychology which is like an aviation. Uh Somebody would have with a similar type of degree, would have designed the way that the controls and stuff work and makes sense on on the plane for flying it. Um And so she's done research with like Nasa and stuff in conjunction with them for um exercises and how people interact with the equipment. Um So that's kind of what she does. Uh And that's that's why I know she's smarter than me, I
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: do music and woodworking. She she does the science,
SPEAKER_L: Well uh I gotta head out soon but before I do, I don't know if you look at like the allman jobs thing because I know you're in a pickle but
SPEAKER_R: what is it?
SPEAKER_L: well that's what it's gonna say, I haven't like looked into it yet, but if you go on craigslist under jobs or even read I think it was read it uh there's it's on all kind of separate, it's but people are posting like archives of online jobs and there's some company that's like can work from home selling insurance, which kind of sucks. But it might help you out now for the next so many months, whatever, but it might be worth looking into. I'm going to give it a call here soon cause I'm about to be unemployed too. But
SPEAKER_R: that's fair. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: maybe you can beat me to it. All right,
SPEAKER_R: I could take a look at it right now actually so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, and this Olympic thing is great. I burned like $70 this month. If you just kind of keep it open while you're watching YouTube or whatever, you can earn quite a bit. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just started it like last week and I was like $15 for talking to somebody. I can I can run my mouth for forever so but I'll let
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: it Yeah, no
SPEAKER_R: stay
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: safe out
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: there and and all that.
SPEAKER_L: you, too. I was good to hear from you man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was nice chatting. I'll talk to you never again, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Take it easy, man. They say
SPEAKER_R: later.