Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, are you yeah.
Yeah. What's up? I'm matt. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you done it before?
Yeah. I did one last week. And what, you do it four times. So We just talked for 25 minutes in like the survey afterwards is like uh who asked the most questions or he was like nice and like did they seem confident? It's kind of weird, but it's fun.
I'm a pilot, so that's why I don't want time, like right after this I have to go hop in the van and go fly today. Uh I will
just
uh usually in and out of charlotte were like the we're owned by american airlines, so we just do like the Yeah, I live in Cincinnati, I really like it. Big reds fan originally from Louisville and that's it, I think.
Ready.
I'm about to be uh I'm gonna get furloughed in october so yo I'm thinking of doing carpentry. So you do woodworking?
Have you
heard?
Uh No, but I'm super interested about it. I'm pretty smart, like I'm good with my hands so like I can learn really fast like that. So I think that's a plus for me if I'm like interviewing for some kind of apprenticeship and usually people like like young people I think to write so I
you have never looked into it or you just do it as a hobby.
Good.
more so yeah, somebody that used to do that stuff just kind of like uh collectible or like nice kind of luxury, fun stuff.
That's
Oh yeah. Uh fountain pen or
good.
You make this out of wood.
But
some of us.
I've been dating my girlfriend four years we lived together and we don't have cable. I mean like a lot of younger people don't, I guess we love
odor.
What's up? Mhm.
Uh We don't even have that. So we just have like an antenna. We we really like the radio though. We like playing cards and like tabletop games. So our table top in where I'm not like super into a geeky but we're thinking about joining like a meet up group soon. I'll be home a lot more. So we really like ticket to ride their favorite. We'll get pretty competitive with that one.
Do you win a lot of that game
if
the
president.
like we like that and then she uh she like chutes and ladders because that's like that's a classic.
I think our game wise it really like cribbage you replace that. Yeah.
that's my next step. We were like garbage and uh we also younger. I don't know if that's big in Georgia. It's
like
Ugur it's like a german card game.
Oh it's it's big in Cincinnati, they have like clubs you can like go play in basements for like big money and stuff so
uh it's kind of
like
it's kind of like spades though but like you play with half a day and it's got like weird rules, Jack will be to ace if it's trump, so that's where
we put
those are our favorites. Yeah.
Mhm.
huh.
we're pretty good, I'll bet we do but I just haven't had time to look, we just moved there in december so and obviously the current event has been shut down so I'll have to look. Uh that sounds
is it usually pretty pricey when it's like an independent produce game or
so?
Carcassonne like CRC
and then there s. Yeah
girl.
Yeah. I don't even know you you can contact first uh start the process of getting it made and refined and I guess probably some maybe. But that seems like the biggest paying but trying to network and make it work. Mhm.
How do you know that? Mhm.
Yeah. Where was your, where was the comforts at this year or last?
Indy. Yeah. Of animals. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's exactly, I don't know why it's so big. I just I grew up in Louisville too, so like India was like the next fifth city up and I always hated, I was never a colts fan. I never liked Indiana. I just dislike it. So you're telling me we're agreement. That Indie sucks.
Yeah, we like it a lot. I think it's like a big trend all over us right now. Mhm. Most
yeah. What's
your
here?
You uh maybe. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Mhm.
I'll bet you like if you haven't had it yet uh bourbon, barrel aged 4th or something like that I'm talking about, I'm sure. Okay.
people have the opposite problem right now.
Uncle.
Yeah, you got to pace yourself, otherwise it gets to be like,
you know, Yeah, in Ohio, our governor's name was like the wine and he's doing that daily briefing and all the governor's doing. So they we made a thing called wine with the wine at TPM. They would just get kind tipsy online and TPM and then uh in Kentucky they did a beer with the sheer the
Mhm. Probably for yourself out.
Okay. Smart guy.
Yeah. Uh Yeah, my uncle works and we really don't know what he does, but it's oh like there's his degrees in graphic arts, so he's used to like making displays and like logos and stuff, but somehow he started working for Kroger and then he found some connection to some alcohol company. So I think he like distributes alcohol or something or makes like if you walk into a walmart and they have like the big bud light, welcome back to college kind of displays, that's what. But he said he's been like Swamped at work, like nationwide alcohol sales are like 50% and they just can't
make this stuff. So right now,
let me,
I was talking my grammy last week, she's kind of the same uh pickles. She she's just reading down the list of What makes you high risk for coronavirus. She was like, I'm over 70, I have type two diabetes, I just got my spleen taken out and I'm not very active And I was like Dang Grammy, you're like hitting four out of five check marks. And she asked.
Yeah. Yeah, yep. My do you have any medical people in your family? Like any nurses or? Yeah.
Yeah. My aunt's fine. She's a it's really gets her head before she's like a classic nurse type. Just want any dinner conversation. She's like, I'm a nurse and she tries to flaunt her like education
and say
like,
know, Yeah, I think they're the most in the world was and I love her. But as soon as the coronavirus hit, she she almost want to be like a deserter. Like her mom is like going crazy as she was depressed, she tried to quit but they won't let her otherwise. I think he was your nursing license, whatever if you quit drinking. So she's had to stay in and she's like I mean it's a
total,
yeah the uncle I was talking about the alcohol guy, he's usually like come on over let's have smoked chicken and beer and stuff but anybody over and like they're yelling at the family if they have anything going on and they won't even talk to Grammy at all. So she's really she's changed quite a bit, she's having a hard time. Beckett.
Yeah if you see somebody like coughing up their lungs all day and then dying it has to get to you. But so
Silver mode.
Like what's your perspective is semi he's like at a higher risk are you afraid of it or you just kind of staying if I get it I get it I'll just take the steps I can or how do you feel?
Are you?
Yeah I love ready? I was on there five minutes ago.
That's interesting. That's good. That's interesting here that perspective.
Uh Yes we're both in like high risk occupations so she's like finishing up grad school with occupational therapy so it's
messed up her whole luckily she did her placements or like internship type things like out of state from where she went to college. So her original one was a hospital in downtown Cincinnati and it got delayed and delayed and canceled so because they just want much students but now she's at a she made another gig at a nursing home and she she said several staff members have got like 13 out of 100 and uh aviation. I mean we're taking a lot of precautions especially if I do I existing conditions I feel safe but I'm in like a different state every day so we're both like pretty if somebody's gonna get it, we have a high chance of getting it, so we're
out.
Yeah, I'm in pennsylvania right now and I was in florida last week and I've
been,
we're in and out of charlotte north Carolina, so I don't know, I totally understand uh like your perspective in my grandma's perspective and I respect it and I'll do everything I can but I feel like the mindset we have to have is like you know a pilot or like a hospital worker, it's I'll do everything I can but I can't be afraid of it or else I'll just be afraid every day. But I really was in March and april I was quite a bit. I was yeah, yeah, everybody else. Holy shit, this is crazy. Is he in the world? So
yeah, it's not not as bad as you think though, It's I think it's way cleaner than it used to be in february. Like much much cleaner like you smell like Before. It was just kind of like musty. This thing hasn't had a day off since like 1984, but now it smells like it's just been like cleanse like hell. So
now I mean so I feel kind of safe. It's just like when uh they're putting all this air traffic in like one airport versus like three. So everybody's got closer together in the boarding process and you get people are generally kind of stupid so they're gonna like sneeze in the air and yeah, that's where it's like unsafe once you're on the plane or like once you're admitted into a hospital, I think that's when it's safe. So. Anyways
not
though.
that's what
don't blame me. I don't blame you. Get weird up.
Yeah. I understand.
It's kind of weird. She has to she has diabetes and so recently the medication is so expensive so she was retired but she had taken new job so she works the front desk at a nursing home. So she's she's scared as hell. I heard her like cry on the phone. I've never heard her talk like that. But she I feel like she feels safe because like you know they have to drop stuff off on the floor. She didn't touch it and they understand she's old at risk so but she's let's go to work but she won't go to the grocery store. She's like terrified to go in the nursery. So my mom will go get stuff for and drop it off at her house. But
I don't know if people will be different this second reopening at least my mindset changed too, so I feel like people are taking it more seriously, especially in airports and hospitals that I've seen in restaurants and stuff, so I'm positive I think it'll get better. But
well just the people on Reddit to they're all like super, yeah,
yeah gung ho Snowflake, got the world's falling out so you gotta take it with a grain of salt so Yeah.
yeah it is,
you can always
do,
almost 25.
good.
Well uh I gotta head out soon but before I do, I don't know if you look at like the allman jobs thing because I know you're in a pickle but
well that's what it's gonna say, I haven't like looked into it yet, but if you go on craigslist under jobs or even read I think it was read it uh there's it's on all kind of separate, it's but people are posting like archives of online jobs and there's some company that's like can work from home selling insurance, which kind of sucks. But it might help you out now for the next so many months, whatever, but it might be worth looking into. I'm going to give it a call here soon cause I'm about to be unemployed too. But
maybe you can beat me to it. All right,
Okay. Yeah, and this Olympic thing is great. I burned like $70 this month. If you just kind of keep it open while you're watching YouTube or whatever, you can earn quite a bit. So
we'll
make
it Yeah, no
problem.
As
you, too. I was good to hear from you man.
Yeah. Take it easy, man. They say