good. How are you?
I'm john how's it going? So um this is an interesting experiment I guess.
No, I have not. Have you?
Yeah. So uh tell me about yourself. What do you, what do you do?
Flying
anywhere in particular.
cool. You have been at Cincinnati a few times.
Um Yeah, it's a cool city. It's, I'm I'm from Atlanta and compared to Atlanta it's a lot cleaner. And the city the streets makes sense because in Atlanta the streets don't make any sense at all. It has no planning like whatsoever going on there. Um But I mean that's something about me, I live here in Atlanta and Georgia, but uh and I have a variety of hobbies including woodworking. Um I used to run a recording studio and I was audio engineer and of the touring band and yeah, I haven't done that a while, currently unemployed, which is unfortunate, but you know, it is what it is in the current environment.
Yeah, yeah, I do woodworking.
What
do you, have you done anything before?
You know
um So I I guess you could say I've done it semi professional um carpentry like so I don't I don't build cabinets or anything like that. I do mostly lay the work and making small stuff so lay it would be like turning and so making um pens like wooden pins and acrylic pens um handles for like ice cream scoops or pizza cutters. I'll make cutting boards. Um I'll make dice trays for tabletop games like dungeons and dragons, which is another hobby of mine. Um
Those are pretty popular people like really nice little wooden wooden di strays for rolling all the dice and stuff and uh other kind of accessories like that. And then I'll build my own shop furniture and that's sort of thing. So like my own storage and like out feed table for my table saw and that sort of thing. So
yeah it's a luxury If
you got extra cash to spend $35 on a pen Or more, I've sold $125 pens before. Really nice um exotic would uh like um not ballpoint pens. Um What am I thinking here? I'm blanking out on type of fence uh potato use with an inkwell
fountain pen. There we go. My
brain is just not working this morning apparently.
Yeah so like there's kids that you get and um
you drill out a small blank and put a brass tube inside. Um and then you put it on the left to spin it and turn it and do whatever shape you're gonna make, and then sand it um and put whatever finish you're gonna put on it and then you press together all the pieces, whether it's sometimes it's a it's a lot of times it's two pieces that you use, and then you'll press all the connecting like joints and um and mechanical parts together and just depends on the type of pen. I've made some that have like um dragon scales on on the tip, and like uh the end is like a dragon tail for the clip um with like a little jeweled like piece of amber on the end, I sell those for like 80 bucks, they're really popular with the DND crowd.
They're pretty cool, so do you play any tabletop games or anything, any board games?
like netflix
or something
like netflix or something.
that's a good game, it's a really solid game.
Um I'm kind of terrible at a lot of tabletop games.
My my wife beats me most of the time we've been together for three years um and she's just better at them than me,
and
she takes pride in beating me. No.
Classic.
A little bit, my grandmother used to teach me things like cribbage and bridge engine and all that stuff,
What
is it?
Never heard of it?
So like poker,
I
mean with the community and stuff, people going and being and that's interesting.
that's
interesting.
Um I can make all kinds of suggestions for different games. Uh there's so many, I went to uh are you familiar with gen con at all? Yeah, so that's the big tabletop game one, I went there last year, it got canceled this year, obviously. Um But oh my God, the number of games that come out every year and that people designed and like Kickstarter is uh it's it's insane. I picked up uh this card game called someone has died and it's all about will arbitration. It's a really weird game. Um but it's kind of like a role play game where you kind of act like you're the person trying to convince the arbitrator to that you're entitled to the will. Um So
there's all kinds of weird games, tons of cat games, which I've got three cats, so I'm way into cat games because why not? Ah
So there's just a lot of stuff out there. Do you have a good local game store that you have? Mhm
Check them out.
Uh Yeah, I mean I guess so. Um you know you're not looking at like well known, it's pretty
average I would say. Uh So if you're looking at a game like um how ah my brain is blank and again, um really popular, it'll come to me later. Some games are like $50 for a larger game. A lot of your games are going to average with independent games between 15 and 30 you know so you can build up a collection pretty pretty easily without spending a whole lot of money. One of our favorites, it's called Carcassonne. Uh And it's a tile based game um where you're claiming resources like cities and stuff as you lay down the tiles. Um It seems really simple at first but it's got a ton of strategy involved Um which is the best kind of games like easy to grasp. But the strategy part of it is after the fact like really uh it's really uh more in depth than it seems um that one runs like 20-25 bucks and has like three or four expansions to it. Uh I highly recommend that one.
CRC.
Oh yeah Carcassonne. Yeah, there we go. Yeah.
Um But yeah, they're not I always I'm always into supporting local game shops and especially like, you know, independence, independent game makers. I mean that's just there's a lot of effort that goes into making a game and I thought about doing some game design stuff, but it's a lot of effort.
I mean a lot of those games they come to fruition only because Kickstarter is one of the top funded types of kick starters is board games.
And so yeah, as long as you said, like a reasonable goal of money um It's something like 70-80% of the games get funded, Which is pretty large and they'll get funded, not only like funded, they'll get funded, three or 400% passed their goal. Um And then you got to find a manufacturer and uh, figure out all that stuff, but before you kick start, you usually have that sorted. It's a lot of like talking to people in china for the most part, um, for factories to produce it, but some people get them made local. Uh, those might have a higher price tag though.
Uh, it's always in Indianapolis right now. I think it used to be in Milwaukee and then they moved it to Indy. Um, have you been there before?
Yeah.
I think Indianapolis is like after being there. I feel like Jenkins. The only reason to go to Indianapolis.
I think the best part, like I said is gen con and then I went to at least two really good breweries while I was there. Are you into go into like breweries and microbreweries and stuff?
it's definitely grown a lot in the last 10 years
and
it's
Uh my favorite type of beer would be um I go for alcoholic efficiency, so anything that's like 10% are out. Um uh So usually stouts or triples or quads. Um But sometimes you'll find some sours that are like 10 plus. Um
Oh, I was just because I am not huge on beer, I wasn't huge on beer before my wife started taking me to breweries and uh then that got me into it. So, but that's why I go for alcoholic efficiency because I might not want to drink that many. So.
I've had a because I started getting to those because my preferences actually, bourbon and whiskey most of the time. So. But I mean with the pandemic, I haven't had a drink and five months really. I think we had some beers that we picked up that were just from the grocery store. Yeah.
Yeah. Too much alcohol. Yeah,
I would hate myself if I was just sitting at home drinking all the time during this
problem.
Yeah, I don't think you can rhyme any alcohol with camp. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe there's some some
knickknacks. Yeah. Uh I can't I can't stand camp, but that's a whole another another story there.
jesus
so I I'm in the high risk category for coronavirus because I've got cystic fibrosis. Um and so I haven't been anywhere. My wife has been doing all the shopping and stuff. A liquor store is probably the last place I would want to go. As far as like grocery shopping goes. I'm like I don't wanna I don't want to touch that, you know?
But
my mom is in the same sort of situation, she's not over 70, but she's had respiratory problems In the past like two years, she was on oxygen for like six months and she's trying to take it seriously, but my step dad isn't and I had to chastise him for not being responsible about, I was like dude you're putting your own life at risk, what is what is wrong with you? Also my mother, but just wear a mask, come on, it's not that hard.
Um Not family but uh I've got friends that are and well my ex wife's family had a couple of nurses in it. Um So uh and and with my cystic fibrosis, I've got a lot of experience with being in hospitals but um yeah, I worry about them right now uh deal with that because there you are nurses. Um So the worst, worst position to be in right now I would say
her
nursing
nous Yeah.
That's
kind of horrible.
Yeah. That's unfortunate. I can understand though.
Yeah. Mhm. The death rates so high I mean. Yes. Yeah and it seems like it's a small number when you look at percentage but it's so much higher than a regular regular virus when it's like More than .5% into By the end of this, I feel like it's you know the whole like 6° to Kevin Bacon kind of deal Like it's going to be less than 6° for everybody from knowing somebody that died from it. Um Just because the numbers are going to be so big at least that's my opinion. Um Maybe it will just disappear like like the president says, but I doubt it. Yeah,
so
I'm terrified.
Uh Yeah because um there's been a few. I'm on the are you on Reddit at all?
Yeah. Yeah. Right. And the thing you're not supposed to talk about is being on Reddit, but uh nobody ever usually talks about it. But yeah, there's a cystic fibrosis of and there's been a couple of patients that have gotten it and I haven't followed up, but they were doing okay and obviously everybody's body reacts differently to it. Um There's research saying that the masks wearing, even if you get it while you're wearing a mask, the viral load is lower, so you're less likely to experience like uh like a very severe case of it. Um But yeah, for me, I mean, I just I don't know, I've been relatively healthy the past two years. I haven't had a hospitalization. Um but my lungs are already a 75% capacity. Um I don't have a lot of headroom to go down and it's the recovery. It's the after the fact, I mean, I think about even if it's a light case, they're still scarring and stuff that happens. And if I lose lung function, it's most most likely I'm not going to regain it. So my quality of life drops, assuming I don't just straight up get put on a ventilator from it, which the rates of recovery after going on a ventilator aren't exactly the highest. And if if there is is if it's true that they're having to choose who goes on a ventilator by who's most likely to make it, I could be the person they say, well, he's scared, cystic fibrosis, we're going to give it to somebody else, which is a really shitty thought to have. But that could be a possibility. So, that kind of, that terrifies me.
What about, like you and your wife I'm assuming are just like healthy individuals.
She
And
you're travelling to high risk states. I'm assuming to like
florida
is terrible.
Yeah. I can understand that being on a plane with all that recirculated air for hours at a time with like that's not, not a safe position to be in.
Yeah. I know. That must be plain smell. I every time I fly I kind of uh that's that's what I smell it. It's like stagnant air. Yeah.
Yeah. People are indeed stupid. Like
I blows
my mind like, like I didn't mean to get on like now we're on like the the current current politics and and and all that stuff of it. Like it's, it
I can't believe people are being this dumb. I can't believe the number of people that believe that they're going to be chips in the vaccine. Like my mind is just blown by this and like I'm not as afraid of it as I was three or four months ago. As far as the pandemic stuff goes now, I'm afraid of the people like are you serious? Can I can't believe the level of misinformation. And my mom, my mom made some facebook posts with some blatant misinformation stuff like that video of all those crazy doctors that were saying it was a hoax and conspiracy that got removed from Youtube. So she posted that and I, we had some an exchange of words and I was like you need to take this shit down. I'm like her friend group is not the brightest friend group and she's spreading this information to the, to the people that are going to take it seriously. And I'm just like you're going the conspiracy theory route here and you need to stop. Mm. Uh huh.
Yeah. And my mom is unfortunately one of those people sometimes snow. I love her to death. But and she's always been there for me but it hurts me that somebody that close to me is spreading that kind of misinformation.
So, but I mean it's nice to hear that you've got family like the, like your uncle and your aunt that are obviously like taking it seriously. Um Is your grandmother still going like out and doing stuff? Is she doing her grocery shopping or she have somebody helping her with that?
Yeah. That's good though. It's good that she's doing that. My wife told me that after Georgia Georgia was one of the first states to reopen. Uh and then like right after they reopened like the number of people wearing masks went down at like when she was at the store. And she said it varies at different times. Like in the morning most people are wearing masks, but by the evening most like 50% of them aren't. And I'm just like, yeah, we reopened. It's not gone. We just did a stupid thing and we reopened right?
I hope so. Red. It's full of a lot of, a lot of pessimistic information. So
bro
It feels that way though. Sometimes like just 2020 is a giant dumpster fire. It's
Uh yeah, 2021. Hopefully. I dare I say it couldn't be any worse. I don't know.
It
could. Um But sex for like, so how old are you?
I was 25. So I'm 31. I don't look at. But um uh so I'm 31. And I mean for us in our generation like our opportunities are so much more limited By just like what happened before we hit the workforce in the 20s um in our twenties and then uh with like 2007 and then the market dropping everything and now it's even worse. Uh that's going to affect the next 20, years of our lives in the economy. Uh So that like that really that really sucks I think about that sometimes like that's an unavoidable like you can't really politicize that or or have to take it with a grain of salt because it's like that's just that's the reality of it and that kind of sucks a lot. But um my wife will at least she has a lot of job opportunity coming up, it will still be a little more difficult but she's a she's way smarter than me, she's uh gotta she's working on her PhD in engineering psychology which is like an aviation. Uh Somebody would have with a similar type of degree, would have designed the way that the controls and stuff work and makes sense on on the plane for flying it. Um And so she's done research with like Nasa and stuff in conjunction with them for um exercises and how people interact with the equipment. Um So that's kind of what she does. Uh And that's that's why I know she's smarter than me, I
do music and woodworking. She she does the science,
what is it?
that's fair. Mhm.
I could take a look at it right now actually so
Yeah I just started it like last week and I was like $15 for talking to somebody. I can I can run my mouth for forever so but I'll let
you
go
stay
safe out
there and and all that.
Yeah, it was nice chatting. I'll talk to you never again, I guess.
later.