Mhm. No. Damn it. I said your purse to do with it. Hey, how are you?
I'm good. What's going on?
We had a hurricane last night, so I've been cleaning up all day. Yeah.
What's up?
Yeah, I'm uh on the beach, right by the south Carolina, north Carolina border. Yeah,
sometimes.
Well,
that's good. Okay, so what do you do up there?
I run non profit.
Uh We help kids in group homes, uh foster Children here. We help out three different group homes. Uh get them everything they need because they don't get much money from the government. So we try to take care of them and we do different events all throughout the year to help raise money for them, such as festivals, concerts, dinner parties and stuff.
Two keeps me busy.
I got one son,
17 is the senior.
Well, that's you. Any
little ones?
To at least 30.
Okay. I got you. Yeah. Have you ever done one of these before?
Yeah. I did one about six months ago with a girl. She was from California.
You?
no. Uh huh,
wow.
A little
strange. But Okay.
Have you ever been to Disney World?
See once you have kids,
so you're gonna have to take them sure
the
you want to spend $1000 to go to Disney World.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you still play soccer or you did when you were younger?
Yeah. We do a baseball league in the fall once it cools down down here. Yeah.
I don't know. They said they said they were deciding on it probably not going to happen because we have like one of the highest rates in this country with new infections so I doubt it.
Yeah, that's kind of ridiculous down here because everybody's coming to the beach and going out at night drinking and there is very little social distancing and that's why our infection rates like the second highest in the country, so hopefully once tourist season there and we can get rhythm down tourists, maybe we'll go back down to normal, but I guess we'll have to wait and see on that.
No.
everything's pretty much open here. Uh The only thing that bars have to close early, they have to close 11 at night instead of two a.m. Now that's about the only thing that's changed,
Until 11 o'clock at night and then they can open again at nine the next morning. Mhm.
Usually,
yeah, you pretty much do whatever you want.
Not here.
Oh God yeah, yeah, it's not a good time for the restaurant and bar business. My revenues have been so down this year, if it's horrible. Yeah.
Yeah, nobody has any money or if they do, they're trying to save it because uh most people make their money here from like the end of March till Halloween and then everybody usually goes on unemployment because the tourist town and nobody goes to the beach in the wintertime, so and a lot of people are out of work for a couple months straight. Our unemployment system in the state is the most wretched thing you'd ever want to deal with.
You literally call like first thing in the morning and be on hold for 4.5 5 hours before someone answers.
No, no, it's a crappy state.
Mhm. Oh since 2000 and one.
No, I'm from up north new york and Jersey, I grew up as a little wine new york and then did high school in Jersey and college Rutgers. Mhm. And then moved down here. Why? I don't know I guess the only pluses and it doesn't snow here.
Yeah I haven't had to shovel snow in years. Yeah. Uh huh.
Well. Yeah.
Great.
Yeah. Yeah a lot of places that used to get snow don't get it anymore though.
Every once in a while if they get a nor'easter though get hit a little bit but nothing major.
We just have to worry about hurricanes.
Yeah it wasn't too bad little windy and a lot of rain but it was gone really quickly. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah nothing like we had hurricane Matthew and that lasted for almost 60 hours of just straight rain. Everything flooded. One of our highways flooded for four months. That one was bad, this one was already gone and sunny out. Everything is dried out already. Pretty much just picking up tree tree limbs and branches.
Mhm. So we can do in your free time? Oh,
Very good.
with
you.
We have to 14 day quarantine in most states. We go to if we're going I haven't traveled at all since then that last year for christmas, it's just not worth the hassle right now.
It's Yeah. Yeah, Probably next year.
Hopefully they need to hurry up and get that vaccine done. Uh huh.
Yeah. But I like to uh my free time, I go fishing, we have a couple of weeks by the house, uh go to the beach uh bars when they're open and not crowded breweries. Um There's a lot of touristy stuff to do around me, like manicured golf and crap like that. Uh
Or I take some of the kids to the group homes, to the amusement park or the water park or something like that to get them out. Mhm. That's about what I do,
I'm about halfway between, well Nixon and Myrtle. Yeah. Yeah,
it's more
it's nice though. Uh Yeah, I'm very close to the ocean, but also live in the country at the same time, so like I have a lake in my backyard, but it's only like a 10 minute ride to the beach.
Mhm. Yeah, it's like either be alone and secluded or I go to the beach and around tourists. That pissed me off.
Yeah. Yeah, he's going, he wants to go to a CCU coastal Carolina which is only like 20 minutes away from the house
and Uh
Not a great option at all, I don't even take, most colleges are open yet. Probably another couple of weeks.
But
that's going to turn out to be a mess.
Mhm. Yeah, give it about two weeks
into the semester and everybody's getting drunk and right next to each other and that will change quick. Yeah,
100% house party. That's where it'll happen. Yeah.
Well they are socially distancing so give them a little bit of credit.
Mm hmm. Do you have any pets?
chris.
I got,
I
current that's cool. I have two cats and one puppy who was five months old and they're all rescues. One of my cats is tearing stuff up as we talk.
mm man, keep to themselves. Pretty much. So
I'm
very
removal.
No, she was a needy cat
or
There's one of them. Yeah. She was, she's always been a run I guess. I don't wanna because she was the runt of the litter and just left her outside. So I got a room. She was a little kitten. Okay.
She's a little
cutie
now. My
puppy who is five months old is about £45. Yeah. Yeah. She is growing big.
She's a mix. Uh she got a lot Doberman and her sweetest dog though doesn't bark in the house and she's a
little on the needy side. But I don't mind playing with herself or my boy. He'll play with their a lot too.
count failed to puppy to Yeah. One of the cats, the other cat doesn't like any other creatures or just like sits on their own and just judges everybody. Yeah.
Tissue.
No, usually they learned to like get along though after a while,
once
the
movement,
what they learn to respect each other's boundaries.
Something
that
Yeah. Uh huh.
So any plans for the weekend?
Mm. Yeah. That's
cool. I don't know what I'm gonna do this weekend yet. Probably do some fishing now as long as it's not 100 degrees out.
Yeah. Uh No, probably Laker River. Yeah. Ocean ocean probably still be turned up from that hurricane. So I don't want to go rocking the whole day either. Well, I might calm down by then because it's only Tuesday, there's still stuff going to be floating in the ocean. That was hurricane debris and stuff. I'd rather stay by the lake or the river and do it.
We do. And uh they come actually we have because we have a giant, it's called the waterway, which runs from north Carolina parallel to the coast. And most the alligators live in that so they'll come out of the water way and you'll find them on the roads and stuff. And then D. N. R. Which is the animal people. They capture them and bring them to an area where not a lot of people are. But we have a bunch don't really they don't really bother anybody if nobody is bothering them, they just take a while across the road because they're lazy. But we have had bears uh got ton of possums, raccoons, deer, everything pretty much every kind of animal you can think of around.
we don't have as many as florida but you have a fair number. They usually catch and release one or two a week. Yeah.
Yeah keep him as a pet.
I'm sure it could have happened possibly.
You never know a hungry animal can do something weird.
our time is almost up.
she's a little sweetheart. 40.
I played baseball. He plays football actually.
but
running back but I don't think they're gonna have a fall season. They're talking about moving off full sports to springtime. So you might not play until next year. Which I'd rather have it that way anyway.
Yeah. You don't need to be playing football this covid running around for. He's
not gonna be a famous pro football player. He's good but he's not like NFL good. Don't tell him. I said that though.
Yeah. Well they
said
most likely it's gonna they're just gonna move fall sports to the spring. So if they don't get in the fall but probably get in the spring. So hopefully will, mm.
Well
now
we get to fill out that survey I guess
it
was great
talking
uh if you go camping, don't get eaten by an alligator. Mhm.
You never know. You never know. All right,
brother, You take care of yourself.
Talk to you later.