Good. How are you doing?
Not much. Just taking a break from work. How are you?
grandma looked in,
must be on the East Coast then.
Yeah I'm up near at D. C. They were claiming we were going to get a lot of rain today and then didn't get it really any rain at all so
must have missed
her.
I'm an engineer. What about you?
What kind of work does the nonprofit dear?
mm. That's
Do you have kids yourself?
How old is he?
Oh but that's sort of fun. Oh
I
do not I'm 26 hoping to not have kids for the foreseeable future.
Uh possibly never will see. Yeah
I've done one before. What about you?
Yeah the guy I had was living right outside Disney World. He
had like a giant collection of stuffed animals behind him. So it was
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah a little bit
I have when I was like really young um there was like a soccer tournament there it was like the national world championship or whatever it is 33 so it was like very low key but we went when I was like eight so it's a long time ago.
Which
another argument against seven kids just
keeps piling up.
Not particularly no.
Uh Yes to play. Um There's been like you know adult leagues around here so it's been a fun way to you know meet people in your area. So
is that still going to happen this value there?
Right. Yeah right now D. C. S keeping like everything from happening there's like nothing that's allowed. So in my opinion it's kind of a bad strategy because then people just break the rule whereas if like they made it a more reasonable well then I think people might actually follow it.
Yeah we normally
have a lot of tourists right now, there's not a lot because everything is closed.
So like you can still go to a bar and like walk up to the bar in order to drink, wow,
you don't even have to be like seated, you can just be standing water in the bar, wow, I didn't know
any, it was still doing that.
Mhm. Yeah ours uh you're you're not allowed to do that, you can the restaurant's gonna have like outdoor seating and then like 25% of their indoor seating and then like the bars are just closed unless they convert to be a restaurant but it had to be in a C. Yeah magic,
pretty much all of them are probably closed and go bankrupt because they can't make money like that.
because less people are donating or
they're holding Uh huh,
jeez, doesn't sound ideal.
Yeah. How long have you lived there?
And are you originally from like the south?
For me to forget it,
I kind of miss the snow here. I lived up in new Hampshire for a couple of years and so obviously we got good snow up there and so like in the winter you could just drive 45 minutes north and go skiing
here. It's like this winter we got like maybe four inches
of snow, like pretty much nothing.
Yeah, this is also true. I don't think DCs ever really gotten that much soon though.
Yeah, nothing like new Hampshire certainly,
yeah, that's a new one. You were like, oh, the tropical storm is going to hit us and I was like, what? That's a threat.
think it was moving fast because it was just to get all the way up the east Coast by like tomorrow night.
here. Mhm. Yeah, I really don't think we had anything happened. My grandpa called me. He was like, I heard you were in the path of the hurricane. So I thought I'd call and see if you're okay. And I was like, well let me look out the window. It is blue skies and no rain currently. So I don't think we're really at risk.
I used to play a lot of softer. I was on three was in three different leagues. Now. It's just kind of like the leagues are a band, but I mean people still play, they just get together like group messages and I'm like, hey, you want to go to this parking play. And so it's kind of more uh more of a free for all so occasionally so that uh occasionally some hiking really like breweries going out to bars,
a lot of bars obviously reposed the breweries are still open them. Sarah first that at least. Yeah used to like to travel now Virginia is banned from like half the country is uh how
long
is very limited?
Mhm. Yeah I used to travel like at least once a month like on a flight travel and far enough to fly. And in March I flew the first weekend in March out to Denver and then the second weekend in March, I was supposed to go to the third weekend in March, I was supposed to go down to Houston and the second weekend in March is when everything started to close, I canceled the trip and since then I obviously haven't fun, but I did go visit my parents lake house in Kentucky. Other than that I'm really traveled
hopefully.
assuming that it actually works, we'll soon.
mm hmm.
So you said you're close to the border of north Carolina, So you're pretty close to Wilmington then? Right,
I've been to both
those I haven't ever been between.
Do you? That's us.
So is your son trying to look at colleges right now? I'm guessing
Well, at least already knows because I imagine during college visits is not really uh,
great option right now.
Yeah, I know the school I went to the University of Kentucky. They announced that they're going to test literally every single student before the semester's guards. And then like, you know, I guess quarantine the ones that have it. So they set up like all these drive through lanes around the football stadium and every student has to go drive through and get tested before the semester starts or they're not allowed to attend class. So they're testing
a few 1000 people a day.
Yeah. So far it seems to not have had issues. Which is frankly shocking. But
what?
Probably
100 would be a small one.
Yeah. I'm imagining that they will still have, the party's just the same whether classes are online or in person, so I'm not sure how much university is gonna be able to do about it.
I do not. My roommates do uh one of them has a bulldog
who was like six months old and then the other one has a 40 year old rabbit. Yeah.
It's funny when the, when the bullet was younger, they almost look the same because they have the same coloration and they were like
about the same size.
Yeah. My old roommate had a cat. I was not a huge fan of living with cats. It's not my favorite animal.
See that's what I thought cats would do. But
that is
now it
was
it was he but he would uh
like if you were if you were sleeping in your room and there was nobody else in the house, he would go up to the door of your room and like pound on it with this like with his paw and then make this like really high pitched in the house sound that sounded like a baby crying. And so I got I ordered the tallest baby gate the amazon sold and put that up to block his path to my room. And the only way I could get him to not jump over it was by putting it right in front of a set of stairs that went down, he was afraid to jump over it onto the downward stairs. So that works.
Mhm.
this guy
was giant, he was like probably twice the size of that get is huge.
No
what kind is it?
You
the tarot? Oh
So I moved a couple months ago but right before I moved I convinced my old roommates to get a dog and uh they were we have been to a winery beforehand so they had some extra convincing but uh they got a dog and the cat does not get along very well at all, like the dog wants to play with the cat and then the cadillac swat at the dog and
like with the cross out, but the dog thinks that the cat is playing, so then like the dog gets more aggressive throws the cat Yeah, doesn't work out well.
Yeah, I'm
starting
to
the dark, it's a little older, it'll be a little better.
Yeah. Yeah the cats also just an asshole though, so I could see the cat, you
should have
kept remaining nowhere. Mm
Oh
the current plan is to go camping. Uh we were gonna go like in Virginia but it's supposed to rain, so we're like okay which direction do we have to go to find? Like not rain? The only direction is north and uh every state pretty much that's north has virginians banned from entering the state due to covid except for pennsylvania. So we will be going to pennsylvania.
Well
out on the lake or you're going to go out into like the ocean?
Do you guys have alligators down there?
Yeah. I don't think we really have any alligators up here, but I always thought it was cool down in like south Carolina and florida when you see the alligators. Yeah.
Remember I was down in florida on the university of florida's campus and on their campus, you would just see alligators walking around. So we're just saying,
yeah, one person said that they, one of their friends was like walking their dog and alligator ate the dog, but I feel like that's like a little bit unbelievable
what? Maybe it's a really small one. I feel like alligator would be scared of the human enough to not go for the dog.
Yeah, it's true. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It seems like the cat really likes being held it and stuff.
She said your son plays baseball.
Our people is football. What position
do you play?
Just stay safe from it or
well?
Uh huh. Fine. That would be a shame though to like mr senior season so I hope he gets to do it at at some point at least.
Do
you have?
Yeah.
Are
we?
Mhm. Well it was good talking to you.
Hopefully
the
hopefully the hurricane season isn't too bad for you down there.
I would be pretty surprised if Lake Erie has any alligators. But you know stranger things have happened.
But
yep. You sir.