SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So my camera for some reason is showing two different angles. I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: don't even know how so that's just what we're gonna have to deal with.
SPEAKER_R: it's very interesting. That's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't even know where, I don't even know how it works.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me? Okay? I have a stand on so cook.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I have a double.
SPEAKER_L: I have two dogs. They get all excited when I started talking. So. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I guess this will be the dog view down here at the dog.
SPEAKER_R: I guess yeah I can kind of, I can see like his butt in like the bottom corner.
SPEAKER_L: so uh I I'm Jessica.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm morgan.
SPEAKER_L: morgan. That's my other dog saying my little girl's mark.
SPEAKER_R: That's so funny.
SPEAKER_L: This one is Grady. Yes
SPEAKER_R: what kind are they? I can't really see like
SPEAKER_L: they're both months. Grady is um you gonna come up? He's just a much um all sorts of different kinds of dogs. I had his D. N. A. Tested and it was all sorts of different dogs. Morgan is uh Lab pit bull. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have told my parents have a pitbull boxer mix. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh does he have a does he have the boxer faced with the underbite
SPEAKER_R: um he doesn't really have an overbite or underbite
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: but his face is like kind of like you know like smushed kind of like the boxer does.
SPEAKER_L: very cute. Where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in philadelphia pennsylvania. What about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Macedonia. Ohio. Which is between Cleveland and Akron. You don't have a philadelphia accent?
SPEAKER_R: Well so I was raised in lancaster pennsylvania and then um I actually just moved from, I was in Atlanta for two years before this and then I just moved here in august yeah, so I've kind of been a little bit all over.
SPEAKER_L: Are you going to school there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I got to school, I'm in a graduate school right now for clinical psychology. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh awesome. My uh my sister in law just started an online uh online classes for not clinical psychology obviously, but she's doing uh social work, careful dependency stuff like
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: spirit does
SPEAKER_L: yesterday and we were reading the GSM with my nieces.
SPEAKER_R: the old time is like my bible so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you you grew up in Lancaster which is near, it's on it's in eastern pennsylvania. Right. All right,
SPEAKER_R: so I grew up there and then um I went to college uh Lock Haven which is like northern
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania and then from there I went to Atlanta and then to Philly. Have you been in Ohio your whole life?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. In fact I live down the street from where I grew up,
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I went to catch state for college, got a journalism degree there and uh once I got back home I bought a house down the street, so I've been here ever since
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. He didn't really have to move very
SPEAKER_L: now,
SPEAKER_R: far.
SPEAKER_L: I kind of put everything in my suv and trucked it, you know, one little Carlo at a time.
SPEAKER_R: that's perfect. There's a lot of money for moving.
SPEAKER_L: Yes I don't have that experience of having to pay for a truck or anything but.
SPEAKER_R: my dad helped me move from pennsylvania to Atlanta and then Atlanta back to pennsylvania and we rented like a huge U haul and it just it was terrible to drive because literally everything was in there was like a huge truck and then it's 12
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: hours. So
SPEAKER_L: go through all the mountains, you had to go through the Appalachians and then all whatever's going out in central pennsylvania there.
SPEAKER_R: the long drive.
SPEAKER_L: Did you go to George
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: attack in Atlanta? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it was a school, it was like a professional psychology school, it actually went bankrupt the whole close. So then that's why I came back to Philly whenever I say that people are like what clothes I'm like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like any business they can go on there. Yeah that sucks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So do you do you know as I am now
SPEAKER_L: No actually I went right into web development after college. Um I had started when I was in college doing web development with one other person And we had started our own company and I told myself if I made $20,000 1st year I'll stick with it and I ended up making like $21,000 the first year. So
SPEAKER_R: nine.
SPEAKER_L: I've been in it ever since I graduated college in 2001, so I'm a little older than you are. Um So yeah, I've just been doing web development this whole time, but I like having a journalism degree, I think it can state gave you a really well rounded degree that made you take all sorts of weird classes just to it wasn't just all writing, so
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it's good skills to have.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely. Do you are you glad with your decision that you went with web development?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because I think um journalism kind of took a dive after that. Um A lot of people I graduated with our more in marketing and stuff like that, they didn't really end up being writers and stuff. It is pretty cool. I was so off and I do see someone that I recognize from school and like doing you know national worst stuff that get shared online. That's pretty cool. Um Yeah, but it's funny because I did one of the things that made me not want to go into journalism is when you start, you know, you basically they tell you they're like you're not going to work for bowling stone or anything, you're gonna cover the council meetings at at some local place and then I really didn't want to do that, but it was so boring. And then 2020 days after I graduated, I joined city council here in Macedonia. So I'm at the council meetings anyway.
SPEAKER_R: And how did you hear about the prolific
SPEAKER_L: so I do a lot of user testing. I don't know, do you do any other user testing other than prolific?
SPEAKER_R: So my, one of my good friends told me about this one because I've tried, I forget the names of other ones. But a lot of the times like they'll say that I don't qualify or they're just like really like nit picky about what they're looking for. But I've done like since I've been psychology, there's like the university of pennsylvania is near me and they do a lot of different research studies. So I went and did like I got an MRI and did stuff like psychological testing and stuff like that, which was like a cool experience. And then I also got paid for it too. So it was perfect. So being a pro grad student, you know, I'm always trying to find something a little something to make money off of. So here I am.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I started doing Because I saw I work from home and I have my own company on my own boss. I can kind of mess around during the day if I don't have anything else to do. So I started doing something called user testing.com. They're great. I mean it takes forever to qualify. It's like $10 of $10 as a survey,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um Then eventually last year I just needed more money for something that came up. I'm like well if I grind I can get more money. So I found prolific and I use uh in tele zoom and um validate lee is one that I recently came up with and there's one called play test cloud where you play mobile games and they paid for it. So
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: get,
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I ended up making you know like over $1000 last year, like 1200 bucks or so let's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: enough.
SPEAKER_R: to know.
SPEAKER_L: And I found the in person stuff too. That's pretty cool a lot.
SPEAKER_R: when I did the um recent, like obviously that's not really a comfortable position you want to be in for long. I think I ended up going there a total of three times because there was like different like testing and stuff and I ended up getting paid like um Like $300 or something like that. Yeah. So it's nice let me like close to a school that does all this research. Yeah. But unfortunately with everything going on, I haven't really been doing any of that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Right, right. There's, I don't know if you use Reddit or not but there's a Reddit called Beer Money, a subreddit called Beer Money and that's where people are on too do more testing to testing and show you know what they do to earn money. I guess there's a lot of you find a lot of those in person tests or the bigger tests on on craigslist kind of does a weekly roundup on craigslist. So
SPEAKER_R: I could have read it, but I've never really used it before, but I check it out.
SPEAKER_L: Read it is um I just, you know, I've been on the Internet for 30 years now and I just recently started getting into reddit um I could not understand it when I first got on it. Uh just the way that it was structured and everything, but actually they restructuring how it works in the last couple of years and I've kind of rediscovered it at the same time and I like the way that it looks and works. Um It's just a big message board. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Is it kind of like Pinterest in a way?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh no, not
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: really, because I don't know if you do much discussion on Pinterest.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I was like, I just pin stuff really?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so it'll be like, so there will be a topic and somebody writes a post and then that is germane to the topic and then people reply to it. Okay, so um but you know, it's a lot of people and it is the internet, like it is part of the internet, so it can be pretty nasty. Sometimes we find the right places exists.
SPEAKER_R: I know some people like have raved about it. I just never really, I didn't even ever try it so I can't, not until you try it, but maybe I will.
SPEAKER_L: It's like facebook where you kind of have to curate it to your interest. So if you don't want to read, you know the politics subreddit then don't follow the politics subreddit, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: But it is a good place to find. You know, see a lot of cute pictures and funny videos and all that stuff. Um so what else? I think we have about five or 10 minutes to go. No.
SPEAKER_R: Well, we start at 30 and has to be 20. Doeses't
SPEAKER_L: 45
SPEAKER_R: have 25 minutes. All right. Um, So how have you been dealing with the whole pandemic thing?
SPEAKER_L: Well like I said I work from home so that you know thank God I'm still working, my clients are still running their businesses so I'm still doing their websites. Um And I live alone so that hasn't been hard, my parents are both old, they live down the street so I have to go I have to be a hero and go shopping for that.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice to you.
SPEAKER_L: Which is funny because I eat differently than they do. I eat you know stuff I eat, I eat cereal and stuff like that and they so
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I have to go by all these ingredients and stuff off the cook with. It's funny.
SPEAKER_R: probably takes a lot longer at a shop. You gotta find everything.
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: you have your that you live so close and you can do.
SPEAKER_L: it's nice
SPEAKER_R: Um So I, well I worked part time and then I have school too. So all of my classes, I think my semester started, I had one week of in person classes and then the rest of the semester was online. And then I go through the summer too. And that was changed all online. And I don't know what the fall is going to be like. But um then my job, they started in the beginning of March. They said that because I work with Children who either like autism or like behavioral or learning disability. So I would go into their homes. So they said like, no, we're stopping that. But just recently
SPEAKER_L: Fuck.
SPEAKER_R: a week ago they said that we're going to start telehealth, so I'm supposed to start that up soon. Um But the whole like unemployment process was a disaster. It was terrible. And but finally just recently I like got that all squared away. Which was nice because I was finally getting money then.
SPEAKER_L: Oh. Oh yeah that that's how I'm so scary having to wait for that unemployment and
SPEAKER_R: Because so I their phone number was like barely calling and I literally called them 300 times. Like I'm not even exaggerating
SPEAKER_L: Whatever.
SPEAKER_R: just to get through to them. And then when I got through I waited three hours just
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh
SPEAKER_R: for them to like tell me some like bull crap like excuse and then I had to file for something different and then wait again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow that sounds so stressful. Yeah that's what people full time jobs now is trying to get through the unemployment.
SPEAKER_R: Seriously though. Mm
SPEAKER_L: gosh I don't I feel bad for everyone that has to go through that finally get you said you finally got paid or not? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So now like I'm consistently getting paid, which is nice and I might, well I'm going to be going back to work somewhat. Um Not like my normal hours. I don't think so. I have to like look into how unemployment works if you like go back for
SPEAKER_L: Word.
SPEAKER_R: a few hours, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: that would be a whole another thing to figure out
SPEAKER_R: I know right.
SPEAKER_L: actual unemployment
SPEAKER_R: Fun stuff. I
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah my friends a server at a restaurant and there's just no for servers at restaurants
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know because
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: even know how that would work with like, like had like you make tips and it depends on the day how much tips you make and like
SPEAKER_L: Well there's a system they're supposed to report their tips because they have to pay taxes on them every year. Nobody reports all their tips because that's you so you know how their tips come through credit cards and that all gets in their taxes and everything but nobody reports everything so everyone always ends up getting screwed on unemployment. The tips because they end up reporting less than they actually make. So
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: but they qualified for that care act so so that helps.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Our place is starting to open in. Ohio around here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The restaurants are opening with you know spacing and patio service and all that stuff but I'm not trying to go to a restaurant anytime soon.
SPEAKER_R: I don't blame you. I'm like, I'm kind of like the same like at the same time I'm like over it. But obviously I want to be cautious and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay with take out, if I if I need food that's out of my kitchen, everyone's doing takeout, that's just
SPEAKER_R: I can play and Philly Philly philadelphia got hit really bad. So like I'm like mr cautious. Um But I just saw that on june 5th they're starting to open like patio. Like you can dine in. But I guess it has to be outside.
SPEAKER_L: We'll see if anyone shows up now. I feel bad for the servers because they all had to come off unemployment to go work at these restaurants that are all low capacity and nobody's going to get tips anyway. So it's all a huge mess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And they're exposing themselves to, especially if they don't feel comfortable to go back to work.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. And then the people that are dining are the people that haven't wanted to be cautious this whole time anyway. So
SPEAKER_R: And never worn a mask. All that fun stuff.
SPEAKER_L: How sad what what interesting thing all the best we can do is just keep ourselves safe and and I don't see what happens in at the end of it by the end of the year.
SPEAKER_R: I apparently, well who knows? I feel like there's new information every day about this stuff, but um, they said that winter might be bad, like the song where we might finally get like, okay, but then when winter hits again, it's gonna come back, which is scary because everyone's going to think it's fine and then we're going to get hit again. Hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah the stuff that I've read says that it's the recirculated air when you're everyone's in a building together and the air conditioning and heating is moving all the air from your mouth and you know so so yeah winter could be worse. I ran ahead of accounts online of people that have had it and survived it and it's like you know even if it's not going to tell you it does not sound like something that you want to catch and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: get over
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then I've heard people talk about how like they think they've had it previously. Um, but I don't even know, uh, if you can get it again or
SPEAKER_L: right I don't think anybody knows. So it like other things he had um one of his co workers went to Seattle at the beginning of the air and came back and everyone at his job got it and got a really bad cough flu thing. Uh And then my dad ended up getting it from my brother and my dad had COPD and emphysema. So dad was hospital for a week and this was the end of february. So nothing was locked down, there's nothing. And when dad got out of the hospital like a week later is when everything shut down. I'm like, well wouldn't that be dead if he had gotten it? You know? So it's like he couldn't, he tested positive for influenza a so it could have been that. But I mean that's Seattle connection and the way that it spread around my brother's work and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: You never know.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, my bone was walking around like he's and purpose. I'm like, they don't know if you can do it again. Mad. So you know, be cautious.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, your dad ended up okay though. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: was it was weird. And I remember thinking when he got it, like I had heard so other people complaining about the flu and being sick and my dad said there was a bunch of people in the ICU with them. I'm like, oh this is weird. There's so many people sick. This would be a really bad flu season. I didn't hadn't even heard of coronavirus at that point.
SPEAKER_R: No, I think a lot of people like who had a bad flu at that time now they're like rethinking like was actually corona but
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: apparently I think you can go tested to see if you have the antibodies and then I think they're still researching it but then like they want them to give blood if they have the antibodies so that when they transfused that into someone.
SPEAKER_L: I keep telling my brother to go and he's interested in getting the test because he would donate blood. But it's not, you know, nobody is
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: really offering them. I mean they are, I don't know you get the antibody test, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure either. I feel like even finding a place to get tested it can be difficult depending on the location. So.
SPEAKER_L: And then they're not sure of the how good these antibody tests are. I don't even know if the FDA has approved any of them. Um I know I heard something on the radio the other day about false positives and false negatives. I mean something heard real quick on NPR was you know this this old couple the woman tested positive for it and she had symptoms, the man had no symptoms and they lived together and he took care of her and they tested him and he was negative and then the doctors are like he can't be negative. So they did another test and he was positive. So so the tests aren't even that reliable. Which sucks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's scary because people probably just get tested once and if they're negative they're like yeah I'm good at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's why you know people will talk about the lockdown and being too much and taking too long but what we're really doing is waiting and seeing you know I mean there's so much data that needs to be collected
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and information that needs to, you know, some things that needs to happen.
SPEAKER_R: I think because there's so much unknown that's like the whole reason why people are freaking out because a lot of people don't do well with that. Especially just people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, totally. Have you been able to talk to your patients or your
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: patients parents or anything?
SPEAKER_R: I I like did like a few phone calls with them just over the phone just to check in because they weren't getting any
SPEAKER_L: I can't
SPEAKER_R: services for a few months and I felt bad but like there's nothing like I couldn't really provide services to them without like probably getting in trouble because I wasn't getting paid or anything but I definitely did check in with them. Um My client now that I work with she just has A. D. H. D. Um So she she don't need services but like I had another client that was um like on the autism spectrum and he was nonverbal. So I would classify him as like many more services than her. Um So but like I said I try to check in like like that's really all I can do right now but tell health might be a starting up so that will be nice to be able to actually do something with them.
SPEAKER_L: I have a good friend whose son is autistic, nonverbal and she, he was kind of freaking out at the beginning of this because, you know, he needs his, he loves school and he needs his routine, you know, and as
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: soon as you pull that poor kid out of the routine and it's so hard to explain to him why you can't go to school and everything. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's awfully hard. And it takes a lot of patients like to be a parent, you know? And especially like you said, they do like their routines and then this whole thing like just completely trashed their routine. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: Everyone has something difficult about this situation. You know, I found since I work at home, I was like, well, this is no problem. I'm home every day. I don't have co workers, you know, I just can still go out and walk my dogs and whatever. But I didn't realize that I left every day after work. I would go to the gym, I would go even to the grocery store, which was a social thing before I was meetings and stuff like that. And now I just, I didn't realize that I was home like all all the time now and
SPEAKER_R: it's even like to go like I've been trying to least get out for a walk or something every day.
SPEAKER_L: I want to walk, you know, walk the dogs every day, but we just went around the neighborhood, which gets kind of boring and I want it out of the park. But I see the parks around here are pretty crowded. So, and that is funny because my dog, he's leash reactive, so when he sees another dog, when he's on a leash, he gets all crazy. So it's, you know, I don't even care if I'm going to get coronavirus from other people in the park. I'm just nervous about seeing all these other dogs in the park. Some not everybody's walking their dog, that's a thing. Now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I bet.
SPEAKER_L: People didn't do that before. They didn't walk their dogs before.
SPEAKER_R: And like I saw a lot of some studies talking about like if cats or dogs can get around it too, which is also scary. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Right. I don't know if they can can they pass it back and forth to us or not?
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't, I think a lot of us still unknown, but I thought was that they can, like dogs can pass it to each other, but I don't think that I can be transmitted like dog to human, but don't quote me on that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. That's one of those things that you know, you really do a little bit. And then the end of articles like researchers are still trying what the deal is. So getting out of the house is key. But then I've noticed that people at the beginning there is a lot of people walking, biking, walking their dogs. But I don't know, it's getting hotter and two people are just like whatever and then some people are going back to work and such action as there was a month ago.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sometimes like if I go for a run, I don't wear a mask because I make sure like I'm not, I don't get close to anyone. Like I couldn't breathe if I wore a mask
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: and Iran so, but like if I go on a walk, sometimes I'll wear it, but I just make sure to really not have any contact with anyone just to be safe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's easier. I come to find that I have amassed quite a mask collection. I have like, you know my quick going out mask and I have different designs and stuff. I think best are going to be like the new graphic t shirt, you know, everyone's going to express themselves through their masks.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's pretty cool. A lot of different companies are making mass now and it's nice to see like when they're like giving the proceeds to like a good color with and not just keeping it for themselves.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I ended up ordering some from etc. Which I kind of regret because they were expensive and there's people that make them locally. I don't want, you know, specific patterns on my esque. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My sister's mom made some, which was like the nice cloth ones that are like thicker,
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: you know, it was nice to have like a good mask and not just like the reusable ones all the time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Are we done?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. It looks like we're like a minute over. So I think we should be fine. Speak
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: have to,
SPEAKER_R: here like exactly at 10 30 right? Um
SPEAKER_L: So I don't know what we're supposed to do from here, How we're supposed to make sure they get our video.
SPEAKER_R: let me read the other page. Let's see. Listen. Mhm. The company. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We're going to have to talk forever. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So it says once you're confrontation is complete, please return to this browser tab to continue your participation and then it's home. I don't know. Can we exit out of the video while we take the next,
SPEAKER_L: well, let's see what happens. Goodbye. It was nice talking to you just in case we lose each other
SPEAKER_R: we're talking
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: to you too.
SPEAKER_L: maybe I'm going to call the next button. Uh Technical quality. Okay. I don't even know if they're keeping this conversation. They seem to be asking questions just
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: about how the conversation
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: went.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: think they said they're recording it.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it says it's it's on All right. I'm closing the window. I'm gonna do it. I