Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello.
So my camera for some reason is showing two different angles. I
don't even know how so that's just what we're gonna have to deal with.
Yeah I don't even know where, I don't even know how it works.
I can hear you.
I have two dogs. They get all excited when I started talking. So. Yeah
I guess this will be the dog view down here at the dog.
so uh I I'm Jessica.
morgan. That's my other dog saying my little girl's mark.
This one is Grady. Yes
they're both months. Grady is um you gonna come up? He's just a much um all sorts of different kinds of dogs. I had his D. N. A. Tested and it was all sorts of different dogs. Morgan is uh Lab pit bull. Yeah.
Oh does he have a does he have the boxer faced with the underbite
and
very cute. Where do you live?
I'm in Macedonia. Ohio. Which is between Cleveland and Akron. You don't have a philadelphia accent?
Are you going to school there? Yeah.
Oh awesome. My uh my sister in law just started an online uh online classes for not clinical psychology obviously, but she's doing uh social work, careful dependency stuff like
were
yesterday and we were reading the GSM with my nieces.
Yeah. So you you grew up in Lancaster which is near, it's on it's in eastern pennsylvania. Right. All right,
come on.
Yes. In fact I live down the street from where I grew up,
I went to catch state for college, got a journalism degree there and uh once I got back home I bought a house down the street, so I've been here ever since
now,
I kind of put everything in my suv and trucked it, you know, one little Carlo at a time.
Yes I don't have that experience of having to pay for a truck or anything but.
you
go through all the mountains, you had to go through the Appalachians and then all whatever's going out in central pennsylvania there.
Did you go to George
attack in Atlanta? Yeah.
Like any business they can go on there. Yeah that sucks.
No actually I went right into web development after college. Um I had started when I was in college doing web development with one other person And we had started our own company and I told myself if I made $20,000 1st year I'll stick with it and I ended up making like $21,000 the first year. So
I've been in it ever since I graduated college in 2001, so I'm a little older than you are. Um So yeah, I've just been doing web development this whole time, but I like having a journalism degree, I think it can state gave you a really well rounded degree that made you take all sorts of weird classes just to it wasn't just all writing, so
it's good skills to have.
Yeah because I think um journalism kind of took a dive after that. Um A lot of people I graduated with our more in marketing and stuff like that, they didn't really end up being writers and stuff. It is pretty cool. I was so off and I do see someone that I recognize from school and like doing you know national worst stuff that get shared online. That's pretty cool. Um Yeah, but it's funny because I did one of the things that made me not want to go into journalism is when you start, you know, you basically they tell you they're like you're not going to work for bowling stone or anything, you're gonna cover the council meetings at at some local place and then I really didn't want to do that, but it was so boring. And then 2020 days after I graduated, I joined city council here in Macedonia. So I'm at the council meetings anyway.
so I do a lot of user testing. I don't know, do you do any other user testing other than prolific?
Yeah. I started doing Because I saw I work from home and I have my own company on my own boss. I can kind of mess around during the day if I don't have anything else to do. So I started doing something called user testing.com. They're great. I mean it takes forever to qualify. It's like $10 of $10 as a survey,
you know? Um Then eventually last year I just needed more money for something that came up. I'm like well if I grind I can get more money. So I found prolific and I use uh in tele zoom and um validate lee is one that I recently came up with and there's one called play test cloud where you play mobile games and they paid for it. So
I
didn't
get,
yeah I ended up making you know like over $1000 last year, like 1200 bucks or so let's
do
enough.
And I found the in person stuff too. That's pretty cool a lot.
Oh yeah. Right, right. There's, I don't know if you use Reddit or not but there's a Reddit called Beer Money, a subreddit called Beer Money and that's where people are on too do more testing to testing and show you know what they do to earn money. I guess there's a lot of you find a lot of those in person tests or the bigger tests on on craigslist kind of does a weekly roundup on craigslist. So
Read it is um I just, you know, I've been on the Internet for 30 years now and I just recently started getting into reddit um I could not understand it when I first got on it. Uh just the way that it was structured and everything, but actually they restructuring how it works in the last couple of years and I've kind of rediscovered it at the same time and I like the way that it looks and works. Um It's just a big message board. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh no, not
really, because I don't know if you do much discussion on Pinterest.
Well,
yeah, so it'll be like, so there will be a topic and somebody writes a post and then that is germane to the topic and then people reply to it. Okay, so um but you know, it's a lot of people and it is the internet, like it is part of the internet, so it can be pretty nasty. Sometimes we find the right places exists.
It's like facebook where you kind of have to curate it to your interest. So if you don't want to read, you know the politics subreddit then don't follow the politics subreddit, you know?
But it is a good place to find. You know, see a lot of cute pictures and funny videos and all that stuff. Um so what else? I think we have about five or 10 minutes to go. No.
45
Well like I said I work from home so that you know thank God I'm still working, my clients are still running their businesses so I'm still doing their websites. Um And I live alone so that hasn't been hard, my parents are both old, they live down the street so I have to go I have to be a hero and go shopping for that.
Which is funny because I eat differently than they do. I eat you know stuff I eat, I eat cereal and stuff like that and they so
I have to go by all these ingredients and stuff off the cook with. It's funny.
how
about
you?
it's nice
Fuck.
Oh. Oh yeah that that's how I'm so scary having to wait for that unemployment and
Whatever.
Oh my gosh
wow that sounds so stressful. Yeah that's what people full time jobs now is trying to get through the unemployment.
gosh I don't I feel bad for everyone that has to go through that finally get you said you finally got paid or not? Okay.
Word.
that would be a whole another thing to figure out
actual unemployment
Um Yeah my friends a server at a restaurant and there's just no for servers at restaurants
and
that's
it.
Well there's a system they're supposed to report their tips because they have to pay taxes on them every year. Nobody reports all their tips because that's you so you know how their tips come through credit cards and that all gets in their taxes and everything but nobody reports everything so everyone always ends up getting screwed on unemployment. The tips because they end up reporting less than they actually make. So
but they qualified for that care act so so that helps.
Yeah. The restaurants are opening with you know spacing and patio service and all that stuff but I'm not trying to go to a restaurant anytime soon.
I'm okay with take out, if I if I need food that's out of my kitchen, everyone's doing takeout, that's just
We'll see if anyone shows up now. I feel bad for the servers because they all had to come off unemployment to go work at these restaurants that are all low capacity and nobody's going to get tips anyway. So it's all a huge mess. Yeah.
Absolutely. And then the people that are dining are the people that haven't wanted to be cautious this whole time anyway. So
How sad what what interesting thing all the best we can do is just keep ourselves safe and and I don't see what happens in at the end of it by the end of the year.
Um Yeah the stuff that I've read says that it's the recirculated air when you're everyone's in a building together and the air conditioning and heating is moving all the air from your mouth and you know so so yeah winter could be worse. I ran ahead of accounts online of people that have had it and survived it and it's like you know even if it's not going to tell you it does not sound like something that you want to catch and
get over
right I don't think anybody knows. So it like other things he had um one of his co workers went to Seattle at the beginning of the air and came back and everyone at his job got it and got a really bad cough flu thing. Uh And then my dad ended up getting it from my brother and my dad had COPD and emphysema. So dad was hospital for a week and this was the end of february. So nothing was locked down, there's nothing. And when dad got out of the hospital like a week later is when everything shut down. I'm like, well wouldn't that be dead if he had gotten it? You know? So it's like he couldn't, he tested positive for influenza a so it could have been that. But I mean that's Seattle connection and the way that it spread around my brother's work and stuff.
But yeah, my bone was walking around like he's and purpose. I'm like, they don't know if you can do it again. Mad. So you know, be cautious.
was it was weird. And I remember thinking when he got it, like I had heard so other people complaining about the flu and being sick and my dad said there was a bunch of people in the ICU with them. I'm like, oh this is weird. There's so many people sick. This would be a really bad flu season. I didn't hadn't even heard of coronavirus at that point.
Thank you.
I keep telling my brother to go and he's interested in getting the test because he would donate blood. But it's not, you know, nobody is
really offering them. I mean they are, I don't know you get the antibody test, you know?
And then they're not sure of the how good these antibody tests are. I don't even know if the FDA has approved any of them. Um I know I heard something on the radio the other day about false positives and false negatives. I mean something heard real quick on NPR was you know this this old couple the woman tested positive for it and she had symptoms, the man had no symptoms and they lived together and he took care of her and they tested him and he was negative and then the doctors are like he can't be negative. So they did another test and he was positive. So so the tests aren't even that reliable. Which sucks.
That's why you know people will talk about the lockdown and being too much and taking too long but what we're really doing is waiting and seeing you know I mean there's so much data that needs to be collected
and information that needs to, you know, some things that needs to happen.
Yeah, totally. Have you been able to talk to your patients or your
patients parents or anything?
I can't
I have a good friend whose son is autistic, nonverbal and she, he was kind of freaking out at the beginning of this because, you know, he needs his, he loves school and he needs his routine, you know, and as
soon as you pull that poor kid out of the routine and it's so hard to explain to him why you can't go to school and everything. So
thanks.
Everyone has something difficult about this situation. You know, I found since I work at home, I was like, well, this is no problem. I'm home every day. I don't have co workers, you know, I just can still go out and walk my dogs and whatever. But I didn't realize that I left every day after work. I would go to the gym, I would go even to the grocery store, which was a social thing before I was meetings and stuff like that. And now I just, I didn't realize that I was home like all all the time now and
I want to walk, you know, walk the dogs every day, but we just went around the neighborhood, which gets kind of boring and I want it out of the park. But I see the parks around here are pretty crowded. So, and that is funny because my dog, he's leash reactive, so when he sees another dog, when he's on a leash, he gets all crazy. So it's, you know, I don't even care if I'm going to get coronavirus from other people in the park. I'm just nervous about seeing all these other dogs in the park. Some not everybody's walking their dog, that's a thing. Now.
People didn't do that before. They didn't walk their dogs before.
Right. I don't know if they can can they pass it back and forth to us or not?
Yeah, I know. That's one of those things that you know, you really do a little bit. And then the end of articles like researchers are still trying what the deal is. So getting out of the house is key. But then I've noticed that people at the beginning there is a lot of people walking, biking, walking their dogs. But I don't know, it's getting hotter and two people are just like whatever and then some people are going back to work and such action as there was a month ago.
Absolutely.
It's easier. I come to find that I have amassed quite a mask collection. I have like, you know my quick going out mask and I have different designs and stuff. I think best are going to be like the new graphic t shirt, you know, everyone's going to express themselves through their masks.
Right. Yeah, I ended up ordering some from etc. Which I kind of regret because they were expensive and there's people that make them locally. I don't want, you know, specific patterns on my esque. So
here.
All right. Are we done?
I
have to,
So I don't know what we're supposed to do from here, How we're supposed to make sure they get our video.
We're going to have to talk forever. Yeah. Uh huh.
well, let's see what happens. Goodbye. It was nice talking to you just in case we lose each other
gonna
maybe I'm going to call the next button. Uh Technical quality. Okay. I don't even know if they're keeping this conversation. They seem to be asking questions just
about how the conversation
went.
All
Well,
it says it's it's on All right. I'm closing the window. I'm gonna do it. I