No.
and
it's very interesting. That's okay.
can you hear me? Okay? I have a stand on so cook.
Oh I have a double.
Yeah
I guess yeah I can kind of, I can see like his butt in like the bottom corner.
Hi, I'm morgan.
That's so funny.
what kind are they? I can't really see like
I have told my parents have a pitbull boxer mix. Yeah
um he doesn't really have an overbite or underbite
but his face is like kind of like you know like smushed kind of like the boxer does.
I'm in philadelphia pennsylvania. What about you? Yeah.
Well so I was raised in lancaster pennsylvania and then um I actually just moved from, I was in Atlanta for two years before this and then I just moved here in august yeah, so I've kind of been a little bit all over.
I got to school, I'm in a graduate school right now for clinical psychology. Yeah.
my
spirit does
the old time is like my bible so yeah.
so I grew up there and then um I went to college uh Lock Haven which is like northern
pennsylvania and then from there I went to Atlanta and then to Philly. Have you been in Ohio your whole life?
That's cool.
That's cool. He didn't really have to move very
far.
that's perfect. There's a lot of money for moving.
my dad helped me move from pennsylvania to Atlanta and then Atlanta back to pennsylvania and we rented like a huge U haul and it just it was terrible to drive because literally everything was in there was like a huge truck and then it's 12
hours. So
the long drive.
No
it was a school, it was like a professional psychology school, it actually went bankrupt the whole close. So then that's why I came back to Philly whenever I say that people are like what clothes I'm like. Yeah.
Yeah. So do you do you know as I am now
nine.
That's
yeah, definitely. Do you are you glad with your decision that you went with web development?
And how did you hear about the prolific
So my, one of my good friends told me about this one because I've tried, I forget the names of other ones. But a lot of the times like they'll say that I don't qualify or they're just like really like nit picky about what they're looking for. But I've done like since I've been psychology, there's like the university of pennsylvania is near me and they do a lot of different research studies. So I went and did like I got an MRI and did stuff like psychological testing and stuff like that, which was like a cool experience. And then I also got paid for it too. So it was perfect. So being a pro grad student, you know, I'm always trying to find something a little something to make money off of. So here I am.
No.
Well
I've
heard
of.
that's
good
to know.
when I did the um recent, like obviously that's not really a comfortable position you want to be in for long. I think I ended up going there a total of three times because there was like different like testing and stuff and I ended up getting paid like um Like $300 or something like that. Yeah. So it's nice let me like close to a school that does all this research. Yeah. But unfortunately with everything going on, I haven't really been doing any of that.
I could have read it, but I've never really used it before, but I check it out.
Is it kind of like Pinterest in a way?
You
know,
I was like, I just pin stuff really?
I know some people like have raved about it. I just never really, I didn't even ever try it so I can't, not until you try it, but maybe I will.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Well, we start at 30 and has to be 20. Doeses't
have 25 minutes. All right. Um, So how have you been dealing with the whole pandemic thing?
that's nice to you.
It
probably takes a lot longer at a shop. You gotta find everything.
I
thought
you have your that you live so close and you can do.
Um So I, well I worked part time and then I have school too. So all of my classes, I think my semester started, I had one week of in person classes and then the rest of the semester was online. And then I go through the summer too. And that was changed all online. And I don't know what the fall is going to be like. But um then my job, they started in the beginning of March. They said that because I work with Children who either like autism or like behavioral or learning disability. So I would go into their homes. So they said like, no, we're stopping that. But just recently
a week ago they said that we're going to start telehealth, so I'm supposed to start that up soon. Um But the whole like unemployment process was a disaster. It was terrible. And but finally just recently I like got that all squared away. Which was nice because I was finally getting money then.
Because so I their phone number was like barely calling and I literally called them 300 times. Like I'm not even exaggerating
just to get through to them. And then when I got through I waited three hours just
for them to like tell me some like bull crap like excuse and then I had to file for something different and then wait again. Yeah.
Seriously though. Mm
So now like I'm consistently getting paid, which is nice and I might, well I'm going to be going back to work somewhat. Um Not like my normal hours. I don't think so. I have to like look into how unemployment works if you like go back for
a few hours, you know? Um
I know right.
Fun stuff. I
I
know because
I don't
even know how that would work with like, like had like you make tips and it depends on the day how much tips you make and like
How
Yeah. Our place is starting to open in. Ohio around here. Yeah.
I don't blame you. I'm like, I'm kind of like the same like at the same time I'm like over it. But obviously I want to be cautious and yeah,
I can play and Philly Philly philadelphia got hit really bad. So like I'm like mr cautious. Um But I just saw that on june 5th they're starting to open like patio. Like you can dine in. But I guess it has to be outside.
And they're exposing themselves to, especially if they don't feel comfortable to go back to work.
And never worn a mask. All that fun stuff.
I apparently, well who knows? I feel like there's new information every day about this stuff, but um, they said that winter might be bad, like the song where we might finally get like, okay, but then when winter hits again, it's gonna come back, which is scary because everyone's going to think it's fine and then we're going to get hit again. Hmm.
No.
Yeah. And then I've heard people talk about how like they think they've had it previously. Um, but I don't even know, uh, if you can get it again or
You never know.
I'm like, your dad ended up okay though. Yeah.
No, I think a lot of people like who had a bad flu at that time now they're like rethinking like was actually corona but
apparently I think you can go tested to see if you have the antibodies and then I think they're still researching it but then like they want them to give blood if they have the antibodies so that when they transfused that into someone.
probably.
I'm not sure either. I feel like even finding a place to get tested it can be difficult depending on the location. So.
Yeah that's scary because people probably just get tested once and if they're negative they're like yeah I'm good at all. Yeah.
So
I think because there's so much unknown that's like the whole reason why people are freaking out because a lot of people don't do well with that. Especially just people. Yeah.
so
I I like did like a few phone calls with them just over the phone just to check in because they weren't getting any
services for a few months and I felt bad but like there's nothing like I couldn't really provide services to them without like probably getting in trouble because I wasn't getting paid or anything but I definitely did check in with them. Um My client now that I work with she just has A. D. H. D. Um So she she don't need services but like I had another client that was um like on the autism spectrum and he was nonverbal. So I would classify him as like many more services than her. Um So but like I said I try to check in like like that's really all I can do right now but tell health might be a starting up so that will be nice to be able to actually do something with them.
definitely.
Oh yeah, it's awfully hard. And it takes a lot of patients like to be a parent, you know? And especially like you said, they do like their routines and then this whole thing like just completely trashed their routine. Yeah, I
remember.
it's even like to go like I've been trying to least get out for a walk or something every day.
Yeah, I bet.
And like I saw a lot of some studies talking about like if cats or dogs can get around it too, which is also scary. Um,
I don't, I don't, I think a lot of us still unknown, but I thought was that they can, like dogs can pass it to each other, but I don't think that I can be transmitted like dog to human, but don't quote me on that.
Yeah. Sometimes like if I go for a run, I don't wear a mask because I make sure like I'm not, I don't get close to anyone. Like I couldn't breathe if I wore a mask
and Iran so, but like if I go on a walk, sometimes I'll wear it, but I just make sure to really not have any contact with anyone just to be safe. Yeah.
I know it's pretty cool. A lot of different companies are making mass now and it's nice to see like when they're like giving the proceeds to like a good color with and not just keeping it for themselves.
Yeah. My sister's mom made some, which was like the nice cloth ones that are like thicker,
you know, it was nice to have like a good mask and not just like the reusable ones all the time. Yeah,
I think so. It looks like we're like a minute over. So I think we should be fine. Speak
on
here like exactly at 10 30 right? Um
let me read the other page. Let's see. Listen. Mhm. The company. Yeah. Mhm.
So it says once you're confrontation is complete, please return to this browser tab to continue your participation and then it's home. I don't know. Can we exit out of the video while we take the next,
we're talking
to you too.
Hey,
thank you.
I
think they said they're recording it.
All