Okay. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Okay thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh hello.
No
you're fine.
I was just looking on the other page just see what I should do. I really like your glasses you're very cool.
Can you hear me? Okay.
But I wasn't sure I didn't I couldn't find my headphones.
I'm setting a time where,
yep so I went ahead and set it. So about 10 30 ish.
Uh huh. Uh So my name is Hannah.
I'm 24 I'm a social worker in Kansas City. What
about
you?
What? That's so cool. What did you say? User design experience? What is that
why You never heard that?
So what kind of classes do you have to take for something like that? Is it like computer programming?
Or
None.
Studies
held
more
prolific. Oops. My prolific extension.
It sounds like it
there's a lot
of the psychology behind
this.
So do you it sounds like you do a lot of work with like accessibility, you do a lot of stuff where you're like researching like um how to make this more accessible safe for someone who is deaf or blind or like that's really cool.
No.
Yeah. So have you ever tried like the money making, platform user testing
that that's like what this is making me think of because
it's all about the experience. It's like were you able to find this part of the website really easily? Like could you navigate this? So I never thought about the people behind that. So what you so you can do like is there like a website side of things? And then more of like a concrete side of things like you were talking about like a museum, is that like I have two different realms or would you like work for a firm or something like that and then they would put you on different projects?
absolutely.
So
can you do
this like three room?
That is so cool. So are you in classes all online?
What university is it?
Okay.
So how long is that certificate program?
Starbucks.
Okay, that's kind
of my program is not like that at all. I'm in school too and you have to take closet in the exact order. If you miss one then you wait a whole year.
It's awful but I'm not feeling anything. So,
so I'm finishing up my senior year Bachelor's program and then going straight into my masters, but I've already been working in the field for like four years now, I just decided to get the degree to go with it, you know? So
now
I'm working in like, dreams, yep, Clinical 100 Children's mental health right now.
no.
My history is in human trafficking and domestic violence, but I am just, I chose my practicum in like a different realm because like you said about your field, there is just limitless possibilities with work. So I'm like, might as well just, you know, get a taste of them all and I don't, kids might not be for me. I have not decided yet. I have no idea. I like, it's hard to work with kids, especially when I'm something that comes from childhood trauma. So it's like constantly being reminded of things when I'm with them. So that's really hard. And also, I was like, I like working with adults because I can level with them, I can just be like, hey man, that's not cool or that's done, don't do that. And they're like, okay nonsense, but kids, I'm like billy um
they're just like, screw you,
you think?
No.
I understand that.
I
understand that
I do like them but kill
more
for
so
much more complicated when you have to dance around concepts or like constantly simplify them instead of being like, hey, this is what it is. You have to be like, how can I explain this to a 10 year old?
I do.
And
like to be honest,
are groups, I'm in the team group and I love a teenager because they're like, you know, young adults, I'm fine with that. But they put in like the small kids room one day and I think this is just babysitting. I'm redirecting them constantly. I had wanted like laying on the ground doing mindfulness. So, and then another kid was just throwing it through into the ceiling. I was like yeah
where
Yeah, well we have to do holds so if we have a kid like really freaking out
then we have to
put them
Yeah and restraint and that zero fun. I have not had to do one and I truly hope I never do because that man that just sounds terrible but
in the residential stuff more about like the restraints and stuff more than the average man like I do.
I have never heard of someone having both down syndrome and autism.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, I don't even get me started on autism and girls ma'am.
gosh. There are some difficult diagnoses to manage together and being diabetic on top of it. Whenever you have like
a chronic illness with someone with a developmental disability, it's so hard to manage. Oh
Man, that is hard. That is really hard. I hate when people say stuff like I love people with Down syndrome. They're so fun. I'm like, have you met every person with Down syndrome?
Both
of my
parents
expect
of
features and they always are like that stuff is so annoying because to me it's dehumanizing because it's like how how can you say that you don't know all of them
and you don't like everybody in the world? How can you say I like every single person that has Down syndrome. That's ridiculous.
Yeah. We talked about in domestic violence. They have like a term called compassionate accountability and it's basically like I understand why but it's still not okay. So like I understand that you have experienced abuse and you are recreating that cycle with your Children. It is still not okay. You still can't put your child that someone hit you.
Oh man! Borderline is celebrated. I really, really, really think my cousin has it when I'm like challenge myself to not do constant interventions with her where I'm going to her house and trying to help her like sort through things because she's constantly in some drama, you know, like borderline is big time. About
11
That's
the
problem
with.
What?
we
were Sanibel.
It's exhausting my first experience with someone borderline. I was actually going to my own therapist and I was waiting for her in the parking lot and I looked at my phone with scrolling instagram and this girl said that she was going to kill herself. Um and I'm a mandated reporter. So I had to call the police and trying to figure out where she lived because I didn't really know her. We just went to high school together and when I went into my therapist, I've kind of shaken up and I told her, I was like, yeah, this person I know she has borderline and she said she was going to kill herself. So I had to report it. And she was like, oh, that's the thing with borderline. And then she explained to me that she was not going to kill herself. And I was like, what? I really couldn't believe it because she posted that for everyone to see. I mean,
her profile detailed
how he didn't kill herself and marina, the police end up calling me back and said they found her and they took her in for a mandatory psych hold and then posted on her instagram about how angry she was that people were taking her seriously and all this stuff and I'm like, you cannot win, you can't
win. I'm like, and you're right, she didn't want help and that's the problem with that. But yeah, I don't know. So we do um, at the place I work, we do attachment based therapy. So that has been proven to be pretty helpful for borderline. So we have a teenager with borderline right now and she exhausts all of us. Like this kid derails our entire group. I don't think group therapy is appropriate for them, but
they just derail our whole group, They dis regulate everyone there, like starting drama literally everywhere they can. And you're just like, I it's sad because I want that kid to just be okay and be able to function in the world. If we don't like get a handle on this in their youth, they're just always going to be like this
what
what
I think
usually trauma and then co occurring. So with my cousin she she I was diagnosed with O. D. D. As a kid, oppositional defiance disorder. Um
Well
it's
a very annoying term to me. Like they won't listen. That's what it is right?
Has dealt with anxiety and depression as well from a very young age. But because of that she didn't have that attachment bond with her parents because she was weird. Like she was hard to deal with. She was dramatic. She was pushing everybody's buttons and didn't have that bond. And now as I look at her as an adult I'm like dude you're borderline for sure but I don't think she was borderline. I think she was born with other things and then that lack of attachment plus the other mental illnesses that she had kind of spiraled into borderline.
Interest
one.
Yes. It was my cousin because they just don't bond. That's my thing. I think they just don't bond with people and either.
mean
are they
They don't have the secure bonds. They're not able to relate to people in a normal, healthy way. So your relationships are always like up and down and up and down because that's how they are. So the relationships near where they're at. I don't know. It's a hard one. That's like every therapist I've ever known has been like that is the diagnosis I dread walking into my office because you just don't know if you can help them.
Yeah. The idea is a weird 1 to 1 of my classmates has a parent that has that that's a very strange one because I just there's like even in the mental health community, I think it's pretty accepted. But then like the psychologist,
like down to their level community there, like I don't think that's real like a lot of them do not believe in that. Which I understand.
I've
even heard about one personality having an allergy that another one doesn't have
are now
not that I don't that's like crazy to me. But also like our bodies are so tied in with our mental health that I can see like if you're in that space, your immune system overreacting to something, I don't know. It's really
I don't
My
dad
does not
do,
it wouldn't be
the poster
child
with personality.
We
study
develop
along prolific.
My
dad is the same one. He is a class a narcissist. He says like he'll say he'll refer to someone like he's a coach for a team, he'll say things like they think I'm God and I'm like,
no, they don't. I think you're a weird old dude, like what? You're not God,
He is such a long list. If you you haven't looked into like being raised by narcissists, there's so many good books about that. There's a whole reddit about that. Range,
remove this.
No,
no.
No,
I mean that's too, I was just talking to my therapist about that the other day about how people have always said that I'm an empath and that I understand other people's emotions really well, but I just want to me the other day that was because I grew up studying my parents constantly to see how they were going to react or to see what I would get because I never knew. And that is a really, really hard way to grow up and to deal with people never doing how they're going to respond to you.
Thank you.
Yeah, pretty bad.
No.
Newsroom.
Or
like I would have friends stay at my house with me
like in
the basement
or something. That was like usually a protective factor. Sometimes my parents would still like freak out and it was embarrassing. But really that was like a protective factor to just be like, oh there's a witness. You can't be shitty.
Okay.
Well it was really nice to meet you.
This
one
on.
that totally makes sense. That totally makes sense. Uh Well, that's really interesting. I'm going to look into that. Sounds like something my boyfriend would be really into
you to see. Yeah.