Sorry about that.
I just
realized the time.
Thanks.
Yeah, I can hear you okay
wow. Yeah I have all these different plugs and I was like oh crap I have to unplug this one to plug that one. Uh huh. Right
okay cool. It's supposed to be like 25 minutes.
All right, sounds good. You know, out of beverages,
Hannah.
My
name
is, my name is judy. I'm 34 I am, I'm a student now studying user design experience but in the past I was a I worked in fashion and costumes and graphic design.
Oh yeah sure. No problem. I didn't really know what it was either until I started studying it.
Okay, so user design experience, the simplest way to think of it is um it's mostly for mobile and web but it's the experience that you have as a user so as a person when you use any sort of website or app, the experience that you're having someone designs that and so I would be the person who is designing that experience. Mhm.
Mhm. No no. You know it's funny my husband is actually like he's a senior web developer so he has been dealing with this a lot more before I actually started getting into this. Um And you don't necessarily have to code because I've never taken really any coding classes and I've kinda always put it off because it just doesn't really appeal to me. But what I like is a sort of responsiveness. Um And actually what prompted me to get into it is I love going to museums and I love the experience of when you are at a museum and you know sometimes there's those really cool interactive ones where you know you're you have an app that you use or you just have this really cool experience that you only really get at this place in a museum or at an art exhibit. You know places like that. And so that that's where I started kind of um getting really interested in interaction design because I want to have that sort of conversation with people that I don't feel
you can get necessarily out of fashion per se. And so that's when I started getting into, after I finished design school I started getting into three D. Printing. And uh I've always just been really fascinated with design and technology and I feel like those things just go together so well. Um And so now I'm sort of trying to learn all these technical things but what I will what I will say is so some of the base level classes that you're taking like very big inner stuff and I guess I don't know what if what your knowledge of design is at all. Is it
like no. Okay okay that's that's fair. I just don't want to tell you something you probably already know. Um Okay so basic design is actually it's a lot about thinking. So it's about like how how do people respond to color sounds? Um The way something is organized and uh design in its simplest form really is just problem solving. You're finding creative solutions to problems that come up and that might come up in. You know for me like with clothing it was like oh where do I put the zipper where I put this button where I put this pocket, how can I get this so that it actually does what I wanted to do or works like someone can wear it because sometimes you can make something and then it's not wearable, it's not usable. And you know, that's what you call a quote prototype because you're like, oh it has all
these, it
works
some.
That's funny. Yeah. So basically any sort of um problems that you're going to have, which is something I always found really fun. You know, in my design classes was I took these experimental pattern making classes and it was all, it was based on this series called pattern magic. And there's their japanese pattern books. So they're just crazy. But they're awesome. And it gets you to think in a different way about how someone would wear something, why they would wear it or just creating an illusion that you know like there's a collar that's not really there or there's a pocket that's not really there or you know, things like that. Um But back to the original like you ex uh part of that is um like I said, so there's design thinking and then there's research, so you would research your target market, you would research the people who are going to use it and then you have to try to find out what the problems those users are going to have and then solve those problems and then eventually that becomes um you know, you do a lot of sketching and then you would find the flow of, okay, they're gonna register, they're gonna log in, they're going to sign it and they're going to do this X X, Y Z, whatever, they're going to do all of these things. And then that becomes a wireframe and the wireframe is just a extended, it's a long process to say the least.
It's
process.
There
is so much psychology, that's what I found most fascinating because I actually ended up getting my uh my bachelors undergrad in liberal arts and humanities. But there's so much like psychology in it that I found it very interesting because I love art, I love science and I feel like it's a good marriage of those two things. Mm.
That's a whole segment of U. X. Actually because there's all these standards that you have to adhere to because um it's not just yeah being deaf or blind or you know, maybe color blind or um someone who is not necessarily a savvy or the point of view access to make things usable for most people, you know, there's going to be those outliers who are either super users or the total opposite and so you've got to get to the sweet spot of everybody can use this or like 90% of people can use this, you
know, and it's going to do what it needs to do.
Oh yeah, I'm on there.
It is
So I mean that's the kind of beauty of U. X. Is that it can, it's not just one thing. It's such a broad spectrum. I mean there are definitely camps of like there's a creative agency and then they might do like five different things and they might have like five UX designers who all work on the same project or or have different specialties because there's also like a business side to it. So there might be like content strategy um which is probably you know where I have the least amount of experience, you know, I have more of a visual design background um you know coming from fashion and graphics. So uh I'm just a lot more interested in um you know making things look good. I mean I want them to be usable, but I want them to be pretty because I just who doesn't want it to be pretty? People want to use it if it looks good, you
know, So but
yeah, there's
depending
on, but it depends on where you work and what their um you know, goals are because I have I did see that where it was this um it was a company that did specifically, they did large museum exhibitions and they had a team that did like lighting and sound and like everything that you could think of. And I was like, wow, that's fascinating. Like it was blanket like interaction design and so that's kind of where I'm at and I'm on my like penultimate class. So I have one more class after this, which is my portfolio class and I'm doing my interaction design right now. So this week I am working on my prototype, I just finished my wire frames so I just had to get a little bit more feedback. But yeah, I have to work on my uh prototype now. So
yeah, it's all online.
It's Parsons the new school. Yeah,
I went I went there for fashion design and I just saw that they were offering that that course uh certificate online. I was like yeah, I'm gonna do that because I I know it's a good school. I went there already, I really like it and I just I've been doing that since March.
You could actually do it probably in a month or two. I but it just depends on how the classes are scheduled. I mean actually I could have probably done it in three months, I would say because I don't remember when the first, because it's like a totally new program. So I thought I could have probably finished in august or september if I had taken them all like more succinctly, but I didn't take the second class, which is what I'm taking now after I've already taken all the other ones. So I took number class number two like now,
which is actually, it totally works out fine though. You just have to take, you have to take the intro uh user research first and then the portfolio last, so
that's
That sucks. That
that's good. That's good. You want to take it again? So we're doing a graduate program?
we're going to do
clinical.
Okay. Yeah, my best friend, she's actually a licensed therapist and uh in florida here and she um she used to work with schizophrenic wolf actually, she first started out as social worker working with department of Children's and family, and then she ended up, yeah, she got
burnt out really badly, but then she started working with schizophrenic patients, which she really enjoyed. Um and now because of everything that's going on, I mean she's just working from home, but she is now working kind of more with like depressed and anxious patients, so. Yeah.
Uh
Yeah, I you
know what, that is something that I've thought about, one of my best friends, you know, she's just like just cool artists person, and she actually she went to school for early childhood development
education and she did, you know, she's got like sleeves of tattoos, she had to cover them up, you know, because she was like, so many tattoos and I just thought it was so funny because, like, I don't picture her working with kids, and she's like, yeah, I ended up really hating it, and that's why she ended up doing something else, but I just thought it was funny because I can't imagine myself working with Children really, and it's not because I don't know, I just don't like them, I just don't like,
I
just,
you know,
power
to you if you, if
you can do
it.
I think you have to be like a kindergarten teacher, you know?
You
know,
the patients?
Well, you're kind of inheriting whatever problems like that, they haven't worked out, and then the
parent, if they're a crappy parent, like, you have to deal with that. And then, like, there must be that line of like, how do I keep my cool? Keep my patients also like don't discipline someone else's kid, but then it's like, what am I supposed to do?
You
restrain
them?
Well,
Yeah. My selection, my sister was born with Down syndrome and autism. So I have, like when I was growing up, because I'm the older sibling, I had to help my mom who was a single mom for a long time, like take care of her. So like, I feel like I already kind of raised a kid in a way and I just don't have no desire to do that. So
it's very rare, especially for a girl
well and the terrible thing is like growing up, I mean, of course, you know, people made fun of her and I just stand up for her because people are just ignorant, but also they put the down's kids with the emotionally handicapped kids and special education and they learned the bad behaviors. So she's been very hitting people like ever since she still hits like it never went away. Um I mean she's been living in a group home for some years now because my mom got to a point where she couldn't take care of her anymore because she had to run a business. So but you know, she's well taken care of it and everything now. Oh and she's diabetic, I forgot to mention, yeah, it's just like every year something else happened were like great. Well
It
And she can't communicate. Yeah, she's very low functioning. So it's like she can't talk, she can take care of herself at all. Um Yeah, and then you know when you see the world and just the way people are and it's like there are people who cannot take care of themselves, like actually can't take care of themselves versus people who just don't want to or whatever their deal is. Yeah, so,
some of them are really, some of them are really angry. I remember when I was a teenager, I had this very powerful experience with, I saw this down sky and you know, I saw that he was somewhat functioning and he, you know, was working at Mcdonald's and you know, I was trying to talk to him and he was really angry at me and it hurt my feelings because I was like, I'm on your side, you know, I was like
why
is he
being so
angry at
me?
No.
It's weird. I don't understand general statements like that, you know, I feel like we have to take people at face value and you know, people are the way they are. Like it just regardless of whatever their backstory is, it's like however their behavior is indicating is like what what I go off of, you know? So
Oh um What are your thoughts on borderline personality disorders?
Because they want attention.
It's more so my best friend who does this, she was telling me that she's like sometimes I think things and I know I can't say out loud, but she's like because some of these people they're like threatening to kill themselves but you know, they really just want attention and it like defeats the whole purpose of like trying to help someone just like this person doesn't really want help, they just want attention. And I had a friend like that who I you know, I feel like sometimes you have these shallow friendships with people and you're like, okay, whatever, and then as you get older and then you get to know them more, and then all of a sudden, like it was always like everyone else was doing something to her and I was just like okay, whatever. And then all of a sudden she started saying things towards me and I was like, what are you talking about?
I
was
like, okay,
well, but it had taken so long to get to that point. That's why it took me so long to realize that she had this problem because I was like, wait a minute girl, like, I don't know what you're talking about, like like we I have friends for so long. I was like, okay,
well yeah, I don't talk to them anymore, but that's when I started
to
be aware of this, those uh behaviors, I'm just like, no, thank you.
jeez.
genius.
Now,
Yeah, I know.
Well, in a way, they're kind of a danger to society,
I
mean, they are not really, well, I don't know where that kind of behavior steps from. I really don't. Is it partially genetic or like what makes someone act like that? Where does that come from
trauma?
Oh, that's
a new one,
I never heard that,
Okay.
interesting, that makes that makes sense because when I'm thinking about this person I used to be friends with, I don't think she was very close with her family, but also I think they pretty much disowned her and I think her mom died, so like with that trauma and then she had like I think she has like some abnormal heart, things like palpitations or something like irregular heartbeat essentially, so
I don't
know. Yeah, I mean also a very weird person and also like very socially awkward, but
Oh with people in general, not just like their family? Okay,
that makes sense.
Probably because they can't uh they don't have any empathy, they don't understand.
Or d I d.
The company.
you know I, well my friend whose therapist, she told me that she did have one case that came in, that person had like 25 different personalities and then they proved it by having they all had different handwriting, like they did different and I was like holy shit, like
I
What?
Like what?
Um Do you know anything about psychopathic nick?
Okay. Well, so what's interesting is so I'm fairly certain that my dad has it because it's basically like a lesser bipolar that they have this sort of, you know, the swings back and forth. Um But I had asked my friend about it because I was like, I know there's something wrong with him I've always known because he's just actually I haven't been talking to him for months because he would just insult me. So um basically he's like he called me narcissistic, which is funny, he
called me
narcissistic
kind
of like
and it's like
I was like
I
I was like I don't even post pictures of myself online, like and if I do it's very rare, like I don't post selfies, like I just don't do that. But all
he
does
is like,
all he does is like take photos of himself and videos of himself and tries to get us to watch it and all this shit and it's like okay yeah, whatever. But yeah, so, you know, I hadn't talked to him so long, and because just every time I just makes me feel bad, you know, like I don't feel good talking to him, so.
But
What?
that's terrible.
Well,
he didn't really raise me, luckily um I was raised by my mom most mostly, so I mean pretty much like they divorced when I was like six. So I I don't I don't feel like I have uh that much influence from him. And I think that's always been part of why we haven't had a good relationship is because he knows he did a shit job, and then, you know, he tries to intervene and then like, judge me, and I'm like, dude,
you have no
right to judge, you know, like, you're not in my life, I don't want you my life, like, I don't want anything from you, whatever. And and the thing is sometimes it would be fine. It's weird. It's kind of like rolling the dice every time I talk to him, like, sometimes we can have a pleasant conversation, everything is fine. And then the next time I talk to him and it's like, I'm getting yelled at, I'm like getting cursed out, I'm like, nope, not
doing this anymore.
Yeah. You know what? Um I also had to deal with alcoholism, so
I had to deal with alcoholic parents. And I read this book called The Dance of Anger. It's a really old book. But
yeah, it's a great book. I mean, I don't know how dated it is at this point, but I found it somehow and read it and I was like, oh, I have to change my behavior so they'll have to change their behavior because you can't change people. But
you know, I would just change my reaction and then they couldn't react the same way. And uh that really helped me. Also, I would just like not be home, I would just constantly be out with my friends
because I was like, I can't deal with this shit. Yeah.
So
thank you very
much
more.
Right. Well, gosh, if that's all it took, Right? Yeah. So.
Well,
Oh, yeah, you too.
But
see
the empathy. So that's part of user experience is like understanding people. Yeah.
Yeah. Cool. Well, it's nice to meet you