Hello?
Yeah, yeah, can you hear me?
Right, pretty good. How are you?
that's the game, it looks like your your video cut out. Yeah,
I can't see you. Yeah.
Yeah. I just don't know like prolific will have a problem with that. I don't have a problem with it. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, I'm
fine, Michael by the way,
nice to meet you.
I am in Tennessee. He had an Yeah. How about
you?
I lived in a long beach California for a while. Went out.
it was when I was a kid. Yeah.
uh we moved to Tennessee in 1995 and then in 2005
Chicago And uh in 2012 I moved back to Chattanooga. Um
Mhm. How long have you been in? Uh We have been in California your entire life?
yeah. It's a it's a nice place, it's pretty calm quiet. Sorry, I never know where to look what I'm doing. A webcam thing, so
Back
Tennessee um It's strange, I would say it's a lot more lax or a lot more relaxed than than I wish they were. Um
You kind of get the feeling sometimes like I mean it's we're in the south so yeah
uh political agendas I guess are a little bit different here and um so I I think people should be taking it a lot more seriously than they are but but that being the case um we really haven't been hit that hard uh I guess because we're a smaller city and um the local mayor actually did a good job at the beginning with lockdowns and stuff like that. Uh huh. The state government has actually been trying to override it, but yeah, how about uh yes, California has been kind of Right,
staying
the
same.
Right. We're like a once in a a couple of generations global pandemic, like we could skip out on eating at a restaurant for just yeah,
so we don't prolong so we get a chance to go to a restaurant later on. Yeah
Tennessee they started indoor dining like I would say maybe 2, 2.5 months ago, maybe three months ago. Yeah, everything was it's back back to the usual. Mhm
yeah,
Can you excuse me for
1/2? All right, mm. Mhm mm. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm
Yeah, sorry about that
now, I'm actually going to move to the back porch nice day today. Yeah. How's the weather over there? Yeah.
Oh yeah,
yeah, so you were you were affected by the wildfires?
mm.
I bet I couldn't I could not imagine like when you hear about it it's such like a a surreal concept to think that oh there's a fire that you like we have to move your like you always imagine that it's it feels like it always happens to somebody else. You can't I can't, we're actually personally
happening
in
the
Ever
yeah and it's, I mean well that's another thing that's been global this year, it's it's been happening everywhere, you know it started at the beginning of the year, back way back in january, I feel such a long time ago but you know Australia was on fire
and there was
so
it's it's yeah it feels like we always talked about like we're you always
hear about climate change or and stuff like that, but this year it feels like you could notice an acceleration and what's been happening. Yeah,
no wildfires.
we actually got hit by a tornado Maybe three months ago. Yeah,
there's still trees down around here. Um But yeah, it just came out of nowhere, like they were like yeah you're gonna have some heavy rain tonight and then all of a sudden the power went out and you can just noise outside and uh blasted maybe wow, like Not even like maybe two minutes and it's feeling and then after afterwards you just look outside, it's still raining, but you see trees and stuff down like within like that quickly
it passed through. Yeah, so it was interesting who's? Uh Yeah yeah
the scariest part about it was like the power went out, so you watch the news or my phone here works mostly on wifi, so when the power went out I couldn't even check the news on my phone because I couldn't get a signal, so I I just had no idea what was going on. Mm.
B
M.
Yeah. Can you imagine like, yeah, I mean you one minute, you know, like you're drinking a cup of coffee and a later your entire cities level because now.
Thank you.
I
haven't um when I went to college, I went to college for writing and directing and that's that's where uh went to Chicago for was to do some place and stuff. Um
but I kind of slipped off on writing recently. Um My mom got it a little while ago, so I've been taking care of her and in general, so, but during this time just having more time, I've kind of gotten back into that, into that the rhythm of doing that. So I guess picking up an old a habit.
And how about you? Mhm.
And
that's pretty cool.
I
would say
that
new
14. Yeah.
And you
I have
it too, and you just reminded me that I have it.
huh.
Are you?
Yeah, I'm definitely uh that's that's that's really cool that you're learning french. Uh A friend of mine from college. She's a well, it seems like since I've known her, she's always been talking about trying to learn french, I don't know if she ever got around because she's always just like oh yeah, learning french or I can't wait to learn french, but I don't it just feels like she's been talking about it for years. Yeah, but uh I've gotten into bad habits also like I watch a lot more television uh that's probably healthy but uh
the only live thing that I watch, I guess it's only because I play fantasy, a fantasy football, that's the only live thing I watched its football and it was all that they were now and no it's usually and it's not even mm I don't know if you've heard this year, it's called a community,
I
mean
I
just
do,
I've
got ingredient called community College,
it's a it's a gray shirt and in navy blue letters it says Greendale Community College.
yeah yeah their mascot.
I've
been
watching it um started uh I moved to Chicago and I come back home to visit my mom and like 2009 When this. and uh I guess like here like jeopardy starts at 7:30 in the evening And then it just goes into whatever is coming on at eight p.m. or whatever. Yes. Community was on at eight p.m. Jeopardy had ended and that show randomly came on and like I was just like this is an interesting shit like like absolutely. That's when I started watching it when I first came out. Um Funny thing about it is a girl I went to college with um has a cameo in an episode Community. She she was one of my actresses in in one of the last place I did in Chattanooga and then she sent me you watch Community? I happen to have a cameo on there and I was like that's crazy. So.
it all comes together perfectly. Yeah.
You know, it's like it just feels like a like a complete chewing away,
It's uh yeah like I have I've annoyed so many of my friends that you um because I've been trying to get him to watch it and after they finished watching it I've been like oh you need to watch it again because you'll pick up. They have been to do it. And then like I keep like like um like the guy who played like I keep telling them like about all these these random facts about the show. Just like you actually like we've got google. We could look it up if we want to know. I'm just and especially during this time like I'll get on the phone and I'm just like, you know like yes our community again. You know like uh please stop talking about that too. Yeah. I don't know, it's a comfort to to me like it's just it's discovering, you know, that the background, there's so many there's so many so many talented people that have come out like from that like the guy who plays the Dean where won an Oscar. Yeah, he's a for writing a screenplay.
Yeah. The descendants came out in like 2012 with George Clooney. Yeah, corrected it, but he was united for that.
And uh and then the guy who composed the music, he's an Oscar winner, he did the music for Black Panther. And uh so I mean they're so and then the guys who co created the show and uh directed a whole bunch of episodes have the highest grossing movie of all time with the Avengers movies,
The Russo Brothers.
That's again.
Yeah, yeah, maybe if I move my computer, can you, can you hear me now?
Yeah, they've got and they're like, what's your name, brie Larson. Yeah, she's an Oscar winning actress and she was on there. I mean it's just so much stuff, I'm gonna stop talking about community kids. Got
it forever.
yeah, definitely. And uh
pretty awesome that you have a community hoodie.
it's uh he's
never sorry,
you've never finished it,
Yeah, yeah, it's a uh it's a good thing about it, is that it's short, it's just I asked that long. Um Six seasons and I think the last three or four, the last three seasons were only like 13 episodes.
yeah, I don't know if he ever saw loss that affected that shit too. Um No, but this, this actually started after the writers, the show actually started after the writers strike, but it was just because they were always on the verge of getting canceled.
Like there's a I don't know if you remember this hashtag from the movie. Yeah six Seasons & A Movie.
It's because they're they're always like about to get canceled and they For six seasons now we're just waiting on a movie. Mhm.
Are there any shows like that that uh that you're brilliant to or any T. V. Shows that you're like Bandana?
I haven't seen it. I know what it is that it's a see for yourself Ireland. Right.
I haven't seen it. I I know what you're talking about there. I haven't seen it.
You can just jump into it.
Yeah I told you I told you to say what you mean like it's not you don't have to invest that much into it, so it's in that way, it's comforting.
Great.
I would I would recommend that if you ever find yourself with like say a month and television to you get into uh Breaking Bad because it is.
Yeah, breaking
bad like five or 6.
I
completely
understand.
Yeah, it's a that's it's and that's another reason why like I just keep going back to community or you know, like or maybe it's similar for you with with crime procedurals is you can have it on in the background without like having the mentally get invested in something, you know, like it's like having the radio on, you know, like you I don't even really notice it after a while.
I had.
What?
No, that's
And I I usually I only recently signed up for like webcam type stuff because I feel really I never know where to look or anything. I I just feel like uncomfortable. But like, yeah, I mean talking to you like it made it really easy. Like it was it was genuinely a good time.
Yeah. That was great. Yeah.
You see Ben? Right. Yeah.
That
It
is. It's a nice day today. So
But be safe and uh good luck. And it was really nice meeting you.