Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it was a hard okay. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Oh Mhm Mhm.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, how's it going?
I'm doing well. Uh huh. I started to notice on my end
Yeah.
Oh that's weird.
you can hear me
all
I'm Ben nice to meet you.
Where are you? Where are you from, Michael?
Where
about I'm in California? Yeah.
Probably you will tell you what, what were you doing there? Mhm.
How long have you been in Tennessee?
It's
cool.
Well yeah, I grew up in California and then actually went to school in Chicago. Um Yeah, and I've also been to school. No. Right. I've been to Knoxville. Not I don't think I vintage that New Year. Yeah.
Yeah, I know where Yeah. Um Right. How have how have things been for you in the global pandemic that we're in? Is it
I guess in California I guess different states have different covid responses. What is it like in then? I see right now?
No.
Yeah. Yes.
they yeah they did a good job at the beginning, but I think what most places are tackling with now is trying to reopen on a timeline that is not too quick. Um So I think yeah, I don't know, it's just it feels like everything is changing every day and it's hard to keep track of what exactly, it's okay. I was actually talking to um a friend who works at a restaurant and he told me that they were now starting to do indoor dining um and they haven't been doing that for a while, I don't know what it's like in Tennessee but um so I was I was kind of surprised by it because like I've been reading some headlines that talked about how there is kind of a resurgence now and then to hear that they're now reopening indoor dining, I was a little surprised. Um Yeah I think for the most part I'm still like keeping my distance and not trying to go out that much, so
just
to
hear about these like different things that are happening are just kind of surprising to me because I just don't feel like now is the best time to go eat indoors or what, I don't know but yeah.
yeah
so it's just
I mean I understand why, I think it can be tough if you're like a very active person to be at home all the time, but yeah,
I don't know, Yeah,
I heard
mm. Mhm mhm.
Yeah, no worries.
Uh It's not too bad, it's yeah it's quite nice today actually. Um Right, I live in like a a more mountainous area, so we actually so a few weeks ago we evacuated because of a fire and now because of the fire um in the burn scars there now uh kind of anticipating mudslides. Um
So we're just kind of, but the weather is nice right now, I think we're just a little tepid about potential rainfall. Um
yeah it was it was, I mean yeah it was burning maybe like a few miles away from us. Um but it didn't affect like the house. Um So it was not, I think the fire that was near me mostly perfected like forest area uh like on the mountain that wasn't populated. Um But they had our community evacuate I think just just for safety precautions. Um
but we were only gone for a week and came back. So it happened I just recently moved to this area, so it was like completely unexpected and not in my like concept that you would evacuate because of a wildfire. So yeah, so it's it's been an interesting few weeks. Um
What?
Yeah, I think
that's
how most things are, like you just think that they happen to other people. Um
I think yeah, I think we're really grateful for it not affecting us because I've seen like I'm sure you've also seen like those aerial shots of communities that have just been completely burned and it's like insane just to look at it and be like like how did that like there's nothing left there, you know? And maybe it was like very tall houses and they just, there's just, it's just so crazy to think. Yeah.
yeah, that's right, wow.
Is it
the pan?
remember.
What is it uh what is it like out in Tennessee? Do you, I'm assuming no wildfires, but
what you what is your natural disaster of choice in Tennessee?
Yeah,
Yeah, that's so crazy.
Yeah.
that's so crazy. It's kind of, it's kind of hard to believe how, how quickly these things happen like in the span of two minutes or even like with an earthquake. Usually they're not like days, but it's just like one moment and it just,
it just
depends on where you are at that specific time. Yeah.
wow, that's yeah. Anyway, sorry, maybe maybe did you have you, have you
have you picked up any new hobbies and Yeah,
or I don't know.
Very cool.
Well,
I guess I guess I uh this is like more recent so I like in the last two weeks, so it wasn't like something that I've
been doing since like March or april or whenever, but I started um trying to learn french on do a window. Um
Yeah, I don't know why french and I don't know why now, but I was just kind of like looking, I think it's because I updated like I have an iphone, so I updated the software
and
I don't
know if
you have yeah.
Yeah. Do you have an iphone?
Okay. So I was looking at because they have that new app library thing, I don't know if you used it, I don't really know how to use it. But um I was like, oh I have the dual lingo app, which I completely forgot about.
So
so I was like, oh maybe I'll try to wearing a wing root. I think what, what prompted me to ask this question and also what prompted me to pick something up is because like a few weeks ago a
group of friends and I were talking about what we had like learned or started doing and I was like,
well not much. So I think of like asian maybe try something. Yeah, so it's been it's been cool.
Do you watch live television or do you watch like a streaming?
Oh yeah. One of my, uh,
I used
to, I guess, yeah, I was a big fan. I have a community sweatshirt.
I don't know where
it
is. They know,
but
Wait, is it navy?
Okay. I have like a hoodie that's navy blue with white block lettering on it and then the, I am a human being logo, everything.
Yeah. So you've been, did you just start watching it or
have
you?
Yeah. I can see like, I definitely see, I mean, I don't know, I feel like, I don't know if it's actually accurate, but I feel like as like a writer, I can see why community would appeal to you. I don't know if that's why it appeals to you, but like it's so well written and the timing and everything is like also the acting, everything is just like,
Yeah.
Yeah. I remember when I watched it, I would always like pause it and then like start googling things because it's like chock full of these like, like all these obscure references and you're just like that sounds funny. But I don't know why it's funny. So I would just like google them and be like, oh, and then I would learn a lot. So it was actually really interesting. Um
Oh no way, wow.
Oh, I didn't know that, wow.
nowhere.
Oh wow. Yes. So. Mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Sorry. Okay. I think my internet is not that great.
So I think you were talking about the Russo Brothers and then it froze, but that's really cool. I didn't know that they were involved with community, wow.
Yeah. Yeah, I think it was my end because you're yeah, I don't know. Yeah.
no word,
No worries. That's pretty cool though. I think it's it's kind of, I don't I don't, I'm not like a like a huge fan, like I'm a fan, but I'm not like I don't know that much about it. I don't think I ever finished it either, but I was just a really big fan of what I did see. Um So I think it's kind of cool because it's one of those like it's one of those like what do they call it, like cult classics, like there's just a big but like it's kind of there's a big following, but it's kind of niche, like not everyone is heard of it or seen it but like those who have are big fans. So I think it's kind of cool to meet other people who also watch it and enjoy it. Yeah.
Africa
very, Yeah.
think I was
No it's very go ahead.
I don't think so. I think I stopped at a certain point, I think I was watching it mostly um in high school um and then I went to college and then I kind of like dropped off on all the tv shows because then things started getting busy. Um And then I was I've always been meant to go back and watch it but I don't even know where I left off and I don't know I think maybe that I'll put that on my bucket list, I kind of forgot about it actually, so it's kind of and according to get matched up with you and kind of your mind it up reminded about it.
Oh that's right okay. Yeah. Was that during the the like writersstrike? Is that why they wish, do you know what I'm talking about? There was like some kind of.
So yeah.
yep. That's right. Mhm.
Well actually I do remember that now I think yeah I guess it kind of goes back to that whole like it being very niche um Was like very die hard and loyal fans but maybe not mass appeal in the way like I don't know what shares have massive peel. Uh But yeah. Yeah that's
Um I really like um I haven't been watching as much T. V. Lately but I really like designated Survivor. I don't know if you've seen that one.
Yeah. Right. Yeah I think it's like I think I'm very intrigued and like like I just thought it was like a really cool concept of like what happens when the designated survivor actually has to become the president. And he's like like maybe a nice guy who is competent but he doesn't have any of the experience that you typically associate with a president. Um So it's it's pretty it's a really interesting show and
yeah and I also I'm like it's kind of weird. I'm like a big sucker for like Crime procedurals like n. c. i. s. and Hawaii 50. Um I think it's just like kind of fun. It's kind of like I think it kind of goes along with um Maybe kind of similar. Not exactly because community is like a whole different monster but kind of similar in the way that like with most sitcoms you can kind of pick, pick up an episode in the middle of any season and watch it and there might there might be references to an overarching like story arc that's like, like a multi episode arc, but
but even if you don't know, it still will make sense. Um So I kind of like watching those like Yeah, so
Yeah, especially if you hear about like a really popular share, like I remember people recommending Breaking Bad, but it was like so many seasons in and I was like, there's no way I'm ever going to have time to watch the whole thing, so I just never, never got into it. So I think those types of shows are like,
it's just kind of kind of like what you mentioned about communities, something like good to like have on in the background where it's funny and you don't, it's just like kind of something enjoyable, but you don't necessarily need to invest like so much time into trying to remember what happened last week or like what's going on. All those. Yeah. So. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah, I've heard good things. So I think, yeah, if there's ever that time I would be, I mean, I actually, I actually binged all of NCIS Which is like 15. Uh
huh.
Yeah. So it's completely doable. I think I just, I think that like, it's like a mental hurdle of recognizing that you need to invest like um But yeah,
I think
I
will add that to my list. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um I actually have to get going. I have a few errands to run today. Um But this was, this was really fun. I thought it was I think in the past, I don't know if this is your first time doing it or if you've done it, it is your first time. Okay.
I had like very awkward awkward partners
where it was like not as fun, but this was actually really cool. So
I appreciate
Yeah, okay. I'm glad I can also be like very awkward. So I'm I'm kind of glad this is not. I came to my past experience. Um
this has been awesome. Um I hope you have a great day. Um
Yeah.
All right. Well I guess enjoy enjoy the weather. It actually it looks really nice outside from your
background.
Why? Yeah.
Alright, for sure. You too. All right. Bye.