if Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Hello? Yeah,
I'm doing good. How about you?
Hi Haley. I'm eric
nice to meet you.
Yeah. You know um I think this is like usually, I don't know, is this your first time trying to do the conversation or you have
second, have you ever always got through with someone or have you ever have to like, you know, end up waiting and then nobody shows up?
perfect. Yeah, that's
The last the last two attempts uh nobody shows up so which is fine, you know? Yeah, it's okay. So are you are you in the somewhere in west coast, East coast?
Where we're at
of florida florida? Like what what what part of florida?
Yeah. Very cool. Yeah man. All the way on the other side. I'm in Oregon. So Portland Oregon.
Yeah, it's beautiful. I mean especially if you like the outdoors, you know, there's you know, lots of mountains, beaches and I mean the beach is obviously it's more beautiful down in florida. Probably. Yeah here the water is like super cold you know? So yeah
it
could
Yeah it's funny it could be 100 degrees outside but when you step in the water it's like literally 60°.. So I know it's it's not you know but it's still fun.
I guess it's like you know what they say is like uh the water from like Alaska and all the cold stuff like slow down. So like I think the warmest and it's really rare when it gets 70 which is still cold in my opinion you know? But that's the still ever get. But other than that it's always like states like 60 around there.
I
know
I'm working so I'm I work as uh S. I. T. So like do like a lot of computer programming stuff. Yeah.
it pays the bills, you know? It feeds the family. I guess so. But yeah, I mean it's interesting job, you know, you have
challenges and things like that. How about you? What do you do for work?
Oh, that is very cool. I'm sure you guys are very stressful in this coming year.
no.
yeah. Yeah, my my wife is all like confused of what to do in this coming fall or school year. So home school to send them to school. And then the governor is saying, you know, different things. So so yeah, I mean I seriously have have all the admiration for everybody who's in the educational world, you know, because it's it's a tough challenge right now. So
I do. I have uh my son is about to be 10 this year, and then my daughter just turned seven. So yeah.
Yeah. To a pair. Yeah. So they home school obviously since the pandemic, but now in this coming school year we're not sure what's going to happen. I mean like I don't even think the school know what's going to happen. That's a, you know,
um No, I'm not as much as florida. I know florida is probably like hot ones, you know? Um But we've been lucky so far, but you know, with, and I don't know if you heard about Portland with all the demonstration and all that stuff going on, it's just like okay, I'm sure like the number is just going to keep on going up and up, you know, So.
Yeah. It's yeah, I mean I guess we all have never been into this situation before, so it's it's new for everyone, so so yeah definitely will be interesting for sure.
Yes.
Yeah. That's it's the numbers have been steadily going down or the same. Where is it going up or in florida
is yeah ours is probably around like we we reached the top of the highest case which is like over 400 which is still nothing compared to you guys probably. But yeah but
anna
yeah it's just yeah has
been.
Yeah. Yeah. Is it because like they just opened up the state and then you know like
Same thing here. I think it's like the county is like you know when we everyone was in lockdown it was pretty strict, right? And then now it's like everything opens and then locked down and it's just like there's so many middle ground I feel like even they said like you know, restaurants shouldn't be operating, but you still find restaurant there's and actually having people inside even though they're doing like social distancing and all that fun stuff, but but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And then, I mean who's going to enforce it? Right. I mean like you can't just send the police to Yeah, it's just, yeah, I don't know. I mean it's definitely challenges for everyone, but you know, it's just it's just been a rough challenging summer I guess, you know?
Yeah, I think yeah. And then, you
know, I don't even want to think about what's going to happen in this coming like follow season, you know? And yeah. Fish.
Oh, I know. Yeah, I mean yeah, I guess we're glad we we kind of have like idea that we want to go somewhere for some more. So I mean we haven't booked anything yet. So I think that's still okay because I know like you said like
wedding that got canceled like that, especially in Oregon. It's horrible because there's a lot of winery here and then, you know, people book weddings like when they're during lockdown and you know, they couldn't get their money back. It's just like, or they couldn't extend it for next year because it's already booked as well next year. So you know those, those couple, Yeah, that's like tens and thousands of dollars because it's not cheap, you know? Let's go. It's all over the news. Yeah. I feel bad for those people for sure.
Yeah. Well I wish nothing but you know, good luck for that. You know, like
hopefully
guys down and then everything goes through because you know, like, like out of all the people that you invited, there's going to be, you know, half that like, oh yeah, it's gonna be fun or half it's gonna be like, I don't know. You know, it's got a lot of people. Yeah, it's uh, you know, it's like I got all my friends all like so spread out like people who just, you know, hey, we're trying to be better, but at the same time, you know, we're not like trying to like live in a bubble and then there's some people who is just two dicks work. I don't want to touch anything, you know, I'm saying so yeah, it's just funny to see all the spectrum and across the board.
How?
Oh, I love it.
want to go to Orlando me. Like that's, that's why we had planned. We want to go to Disney World here, but it's like, I don't even know if they already open or not. I don't know.
Well
I'm actually going, I want to go to Florida one.
get deals, you know, just put everybody on like master something.
Okay. Good tips there. Yeah.
I think we've been there once, like a while ago and then, um, and then obviously, like you said, we stayed outside the, you know, the Disney World area, so it's so stupid.
that is hilarious. That is so funny.
Well
that's, you know, they added afterwards over in California to like the Disney. Yeah, so, but still haven't seen it yet. Would love to. But you know, with all the things are going on, the good thing is we do have, uh, I think next week in 10 days we're going to go out to the beach. We rented a beach house. So
yeah so it's got to be something, you know it's it's me and then my wife's sister family so at least you know just a two family and then you get to hang out
Yeah yeah. You know I think you know it's only like I think two hours away from where we are. So just in case if you know I mean we're not too far away, it's not like we're all the way on the east coast or some uh
yeah. Yeah but Tennessee you do have to fly into Tennessee, correct Or you you guys did you guys drive for Tennessee,
But but like that's a long right?
Oh nice, nice. Yeah you know it's kind of I don't like you know like all
the things that we want to talk about
but it's the biggest thing that's out there at the pandemic and everything, you know? It's just
that to see, you know we have a lot of restaurants like we our favorite restaurant because like our kids have this like strict diet so we like to go to this place called sweet tomatoes. So it's kind
of
do you have a sweet tomatoes there?
Yes. That's that's very sad you know because like you know like on sunday on the weekend we go out there as a family and not like you don't have places to go, you know?
Yeah, but you know it's sad like places like our
you can't really do like social distance or like you know all the utensils get touched whatever. But
I know I know you know like in my selfish way I wanted to be like, hey why don't you just change the procedure, you know? Instead of like having you yourself have you know
like the employees every or something like that. But so I guess that's just too much changes for put a restaurant I guess.
Oh cool. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Isn't that funny though? Like I think since the pandemic started been to like two or 3 restaurants and everything, you guys excited like I feel like I'm invented restaurant forever. Yeah.
Yeah.
So is that a mandatory that like look when you guys go out in public you have to wear a mask or is it still like
So
Yeah. Is it is it like a comments of currents when you like walk outside in public? Like most people are wearing masks or?
Right.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah. Right. Right. Is
that,
you know, it's just, I don't know, it's just like, you know, I don't want to be the norm, but I guess that's how it's going to.
And then I'm like they
talk about they kept on talking about, you know, like the taxi and stuff like that and then it's like, okay, even if you have a vaccine, I don't think I want to be the first one to, you know, kind of try
both.
Yeah. But like who's who's the one that wants to be the first, right? Like uh Yeah, I mean anyway, but yeah,
So
besides pandemic, I really feel like we've been talking on the un just the pandemic stuff. So uh would you like to do for fun? So?
Very
Um living here, you know, pacific northwest, like, like most do a lot of mountain biking, so it's kind of nice to be able to just drive half an hour away and you're in the woods, you know, it's just a good stress reliever and when you're like, you know, with, I don't know when you just have too much family stuff going on or work, you know, it's just a good way to just kind of vent off your bike in the, in the trails and not have to worry about anything. So yeah, that's what mostly I like to do most.
but it's
part of the Yeah, I know like when I tell people like my crashes story there, like what I'm like, yeah, it's part of the sports, they're like, what you want to get her. I'm like, I don't want to get it just happened, you know? But yeah, it's kind of nice.
Some
of the day that's funny. Yeah,
wow, that's a, that's a good thing, you know? So, yeah. You know, it's like usually uh
being a couple of friends, we have this like yearly trip to Slur, which is a Canada by
yeah. So, um, it's, it's beautiful up there. But obviously with the water being locked down, I don't know, it's kind of tough, you know, so you just have to find trails around here. That doesn't hard us to cross the border.
Um, I do. I love traveling. Well, I actually, I, I was born and raised in Indonesia, so I didn't move to the states when I was 16. Yeah, so I went to school here and also, I mean I got to travel like around Asia, like Southeast Asia, mostly. Like, you know, Hong Kong Singapore and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah, I would love to, still haven't been to europe, that's probably my bucket list, you know? But hopefully with things like, uh, you know, die down a little bit then get to live my bucket list. Yeah, but,
and you know what, I don't care anywhere. I think like, like UK paris, you know, spain, just like around there, you know, I think just UK, because I can speak the language obviously. Right, Well, I'm sure everybody speaks english, you know, But it's just like the fact that you don't have to struggle, you know, communicating. I think that's quite a good thing.
Fire
so how long you were, how long were you in the UK for?
Probably
on
two.
Yeah. Not
not pick up the british accent.
when I, when I talked to like some people from me, okay, you
know, because we always think like british accent is so cool, you know? But they said it's the opposite that are american and it's like whiny or something like that. Mhm.
I
picked up that. Yeah,
I mean,
yeah, that is too funny even with within the U. S. You know, you have like the new york accent, the stuff accent, you know? And I thought that was pretty cool to itself, you know, so
oh that is so cool.
Only
were like probably twice, I was still like really small so I barely remember anything. Yeah, so yeah, I think Japan and south Korea is probably like, but you know, bucket list go back. Yeah, if you could make it to South Korea. So I don't think it's not far from Japan, you should. Yeah.
Ray Ray Ray,
they're they're similar but different in a way, you know
we're in a way like its metropolitan in like crowded city but like culture wise it's so different like the food is different, everything is different, so it's really unique to see, you know the difference between the two countries. Yeah.
Oh that's cool. Yeah, I think that's the best way to do it, you know because like if
you plan too much you know and it doesn't go to your expectation, it could be pretty difficult to try to, you know make fun and get
Right.
Right.
Yeah exactly. I'm sure you travel a lot, you knew like whatever you doesn't always happen
and
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So cool. Yeah.
Yeah, europe is definitely the bucket list. I mean, you know, I mentioned you cave, you know, friends then fan obviously you mentioned Italy, that's another place that you probably want to go to, you know, like I want to go, I want to experience everything, you know? So so yeah,
look
from paris to London or paris. Okay.
that is so cool.
Um well we went back because we still have family live in Indonesia, so we went back, especially my wife like a couple of years ago, like you know, we don't we don't have any more single siblings, it's the reason we went back because you know our siblings are getting married and things like that, so like you have to go back, but now it's really because it's really expensive to us, you know, it's like almost $1000 per person and there's four of us, you know it's like so it's like and then usually when we go we're trying to stay for a month or so. But yeah would
love
to.
Yeah it's funny. Yeah but we met we met in college here in Oregon state so
you know it's funny like you know both going to school or anything, we just went there.
Um I think she moved for college, I moved here for high school, I think I started my junior year in high school which is yeah which was interesting was way college. Yeah still
the
it was hard, first the first year was probably the hardest but I'm kind of glad though you know because I started like early so I was able to kind of pick up like the culture and the american culture and all that and then you
know so I kind of have like both point of views like for her she came during college where it's harder for her and it's you know to kind of map what's going on. So, but anyway,
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, 2028 minutes. Well nice meeting you hoping
And then goes well for the wedding in December two. All right,
All right, bye
bye.