how are you do?
I'm good um well hi my name's Caylee.
Eric okay, right eric he said okay,
nice to meet you
my second
I did the first time. Yeah, there's only two times and both of you have shown up so that's been great.
Do not work for you before?
yes, so I always have to do, I'm in florida
and florida
near Tampa if you know. Yeah.
Oh are you really? So I want to visit Portland and that's why like I considered moving there for like a short period of time but that's cool. Do you like it?
that
makes
sense,
Yeah, no like that's totally different because we have it's always warm water. Right,
Right, that's crazy.
So
what do you do you are you working or a student?
Do you do you like it?
no
I'm an elementary school guidance counselor.
Yes, I actually only started in january and so
I know, I know I was finally getting used to everything and then, you know the pandemic. It and now this year is just we're not sure what we're doing yet, so
Thank you. So you have kids?
Oh, that's awesome.
Do you, have you had a lot of cases in your area?
Right. I know there's no easy answer. Like I don't have kids myself, My siblings are the youngest of them are 11 and so yes, I definitely heard both sides from everyone about like what the best option for them, you know, is to do for the kids, you know?
Okay, yes, I'm a little, I'm excited. People keep asking me, I'm like, I want to see the kids, it was nice being in person, but then you do get concerned especially down here, you know, with all of our cases and a
lot of our teachers are older, you know, or they are immune compromised or they have kids that are, you know, and so it's scary for a lot of people,
It jumps and then now it's about the same but are same as about 7000 new cases a day. So
I don't
I don't know what will happen,
we were
doing okay and then it exploded. So
it's there's no he hasn't mandated our governor any masks um for the state, even though we're At 500,000 cases um and they kept opening beaches and then closing them and then like, so it's just it's just a lack of like closing things down and keeping them closed. Yeah.
Well I actually went to a restaurant the other day and they were supposed to be doing 50% And they were not, they were definitely at like 100 and so like Oh, so even the restaurants that are open, some of them are just not concerned, you know?
Yes. I think everyone also like expected it to be done much sooner than it is. Oh,
and
Yeah. Yes, my friends come up, you know that age that are like rescheduling weddings or trips, you know, and stuff like that, and I are bad for them.
Well,
Yes, like I actually, I'm getting married next december, but we purpose the book like give way out hoping that things will be normal by or at least normal enough, you know that everyone can head up, come down and visit and come to the wedding.
Thank
you.
yeah, but it was my family and my aunt and uncle who haven't left the house with their kids.
And then my own like my bio dad is he owns a store and he's going out with it, you know the kids, it's Orlando you know and went on a vacation and so
you know that's what
they have reopened? Oh well the one in florida did, I don't know if yours has one near you.
This is
Well our is this big? I think I think my daughter.
Yeah, that's all you have to do. I mean you have to like plan ahead like it to be like oh I'll be here these days and they'll tell you because they are very strict and capacity right now. But I mean don't stay in a Disney hotel, stay in like something off like neared. Yeah,
I mean they're, they're cute but like you sleep there, you know? Yeah, they're still overpriced. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. My aunt don't go work there and when they want to go like they still would not recommend people stay there like.
Well they've added a lot. So if you do get to go soon, I mean, I don't know if you like their star wars now like they've added what?
What?
That would be nice.
Yes. Something a little more like relaxing but still out of the house.
Yeah. We just went to Tennessee for the same kind of reason. Just kind of a relax his family and go out maybe like it's been on a hike, you know, so things that you can definitely social distance from other people.
We drove, let us in more, they didn't really track so.
yeah. Yeah. We actually drove up to north Carolina first which is about with stops and everything ends up being about 12.5 hours and then we just had it over, which is another about four hours.
I
thanks.
Well
thank
you.
We do. We, they've closed recently around us but we did happen.
I mean, yeah.
Well, okay.
Yeah. Like you understand why, But you're also still like, I want to go though,
Well,
Yeah. Like we have a favorite restaurant is a Hibachi place and found and they would fit set. You would, you know, if you only had four people, they would you sit you with another four people. Um, and so they just reopened cause I think they were trying to figure out how to not waste the space, but families right next to each other. So we're actually going tomorrow. We're going to see how that goes. We're very excited.
You missed it.
It makes you definitely like look back and be like, wow. Like I think I'm realizing how many things we took for granted becomes the foundation and going out or like movies, like old, your movie theater. Yeah.
Okay.
not for us. Or
at least like, I think Miami has been the strictest with it. Uh, like the actual Tampa County because I live about 40 minutes from Tampa. Um, but Ari County, a lot of the stores and restaurants themselves are now mandating it, but the county itself, like you can walk around and that one, which is why case growing up, but
It's pretty, it's a majority. Yeah, you still see a way more than you would want not wearing masks. It's actually since like florida itself has a lot of elderly people Um
in my town especially is like over 50% people who are sitting driving up, you know? And so I look at them and I'm like you guys are the ones that should be concerned and you're the ones not wearing masks.
So it's interesting, but they're getting our schools mandated mask, so if my students come back they have to wear them and staff to of course. But
does that
help?
yeah. And people keep saying, you know what, once we get back to normal and I'm like, I'm not sure we're ever really going to get back to a like how it was before all of this. Yeah.
X.
No.
Really what? We don't do it first and see you know what happened?
the paper or maybe. Yeah I hope with you $100.
But it is.
What? Um I was like because the answers have changed you know? Um I mean I'm I like traveling. I've been able to travel to a few different countries um and then mostly just movies, tv shows and with friends kind of stuff
trying food like going out to new well now I can't as much but I like going out to new restaurants and stuff like all right you know?
my my family that lives up in Tennessee because like florida area doesn't have as many like trails melt invite you know like biking trails, we have a lot of rivers you know and like uh kayaking and stuff. My family in Tennessee does that? They love mountain biking? Um they take their two kids 14 and 11 and they go with them. No, they fall a lot. Okay.
it's
You know my the youngest, he's 11, he's going up a seesaw and she went down the wrong way and she just flipped, you know right over, I mean she was fine, but you know what it was, it's a little bit funny, but because she's funny, that was funny, you
know?
but my dad said if you're gonna be dumb you at least be top is what she said, so.
Oh.
honey.
that's fun. Have you? So clearly you've been to Canada, have you been travel anywhere else or do you have an interest in that?
Where in europe do you want to go?
no, they're pretty good. I mean I've been very lucky when I was like 15 grand principally to Italy and Switzerland and then I recently went to actually London and paris
for for college, like it was a study prod
52
weeks,
but
it was for yeah,
um
but it's funny because they think we have an accent, which I guess makes sense. It's not, we can say that
and
they have to ask me to say things which I thought was wild, but makes sense if we do that too british people, you know? Um but I just never felt like anybody ever said, oh you have such a cool accent, you know, so it was really, it was, it was a nice experience. Yeah, most people speak, I mean, unless you're in like the country like with the paris I mean I tried to speak french to be right but like I know you're american and
they just english.
but
they're really about it.
I'm not even cut counting those um and then our honeymoon is going to be Japan
very
excited.
It's one my I actually used to before I knew what I wanted to do, I was like maybe I'll just go to south Korea for a few years and teach english. They know they have a lot of jobs for that
but then I I got a job now and I settled down and I'm like well I'll just go visit like that. Right.
No.
Yeah that's why I like visiting like really getting into it you know and like experiencing the culture itself. Well I was like what do you want to do? And like, I just want to walk around like I want to explore the city and like just see what they have to offer and be like, oh, that looks cool, let's stop there. Like that's my type of like traveling, which is crazy because I'm the type of person to plan out my entire life, but when it comes to traveling I'm like, well let's just go for it and see what happens.
Well,
so if you're only expectations but have a good spot. Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, because of course that was very like when we tried to go to um it was Italy that's my first look at a country travel.
I was super like we have to have all these things and we were traveling with my grandparents, my aunt and uncle and they had two kids that were at the time seven and four, and you have little ones like that, like you kind of have to just be a little more flexible
and so that helps me to be like, okay, it's okay, we'll get what we get done done. But other than that, let's just enjoy being in a different country.
I definitely recommend. I mean if you can do it, like I love, I mean you've done it, but like being able to go to different countries and explore them, like I think that's awesome.
Well, europe,
so you know, because you can um but like the reason I went their parents, because we went to London, I was like, hey two or three hour train ride, like why not? You know? Yeah.
so I'm like, why not? So because europe is so you can drive a couple hours of being a different country. So it's very easy to travel to multiple countries at once, like on one trip, which is great.
So definitely, yeah, I would recommend have your kids like, have you been able to travel with your kids at all?
Is
there
wife of an injured to them?
that's great though.
But she turned and she move, How old was she when she moved?
How
is like adjusting?
Ready.
I think we did it happy to do.
You knew?
tripped on, go over to Yes. All right. Thank
you.