Hey Clara. Someone's going to be talking to me on my computer and a little bit. Okay, So when they get on the computer can't interrupt me. Ok? Mhm I know you want over turning out Hello?
Okay,
how are you?
I'm good. I'm gonna start our timer for 25 minutes. Okay. Yeah. Well this is strange.
Mhm Let me see. Hey Siri Started
time for 25 minutes. Okay. 25 minutes. You counting? Okay.
So I've never done a chat on here before.
but it's a good paying here, huh? Where are you?
Okay, So am I? Okay, That makes sense. I guess they put the time zones together. Okay, I'm in Tyler texas. Where about are you
Cool. Then
you're used to this crazy weather that we're having. Is it right in there today?
No?
Yeah, it's starting here too. It's supposed to rain all day. So cool. So
you can talk about whatever you want. Uh huh.
You really don't have a texas accent like I do. My mom is bad. I have a thick southern drawl. So are you in an office building? Are you home?
Maybe I should talk over then. Should I talk
lower?
Well that's sweet that you get to do this at work.
Well. That's cool. I do this. And I also do you probably do in turk also. Right.
Yeah, I turk and I do this. And I also work for happened from home, which
is my
go twos. So I'm doing three things right
now. I'm just doing this. But yeah
I have 54 kids. So yeah I have to do something from home anyway anyway. So what kind of work do you do?
Well that's cool. Tonight's what group of what age group?
I used that's cool. I used to work in a, it was a baptist daycare school in Houston. Um second baptist. I worked there in a preschool for a long time. Just as a helper. So I did it for like three years actually. It's a tough job. It really is. Yeah. I would be alone with like 15 kids in one class. Yeah. And it's tough when you have to change diapers and you know when it's a lot of kids anyway. Sorry, I keep wiping my nose. I have horrible allergies right now.
Good. What?
Yeah. Real well, I'm glad that you showed up because you know, we're going to get the whole, you know the amount. So that's nice. It's a decent hit for How long have you been doing stuff on prolific black.
Really? I've been it's probably been maybe six months, but I just kind of keep my computer open during the day and I use that prolific assistant. Do you use that also? It's really helpful. Yeah, I've noticed that it seems like because I turk also and it just seems like a lot, I'm seeing a lot of the requesters that used to be on the interface side on the prolific side, you know? Uh And it's nicer. Um it seems like I've had less problems with requesters on prolific. So
I think they just seem they seem like they cater a lot to the survey takers, you know? Like as within turk it's kind of the requester has all the power and there's a lot of bad requesters on there that don't pay for the time, you know and we'll reject you for any little thing. So any hell yeah. So
how long have you been doing mturk? What?
It hasn't been long. All that spice. Mm Well, it's not good unless she's scripts. I don't know if you use any of the scripts but they're very helpful. Yeah. Yeah. So what kind of hobbies are you into? What? Mhm.
I am. I like to garden, but since I started working more in the house with app in it's like I just barely have time to do anything. I try to get everything done as much as I can before my kids are out of school and I still have my youngest here with me during the day. So it's like I'll my days filled with, you know stop and go constantly, it's back and forth. So she's actually watching the cartoon right now. So don't be surprised if she pops up on the screen in a minute. You want to say hi here. She's gonna say hi, say hi, okay you can have it, take it. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Let's see what to talk about. We have eight, we have 18 minutes left on the clock. Uh So do you have to drink a lot of coffee to keep up with all the kids during the day?
You know I do I have to have my coffee every day. I shouldn't probably drink so much coffee but it seems like it it gets me going in the morning. I've tried to cut back but it's like my one thing you know mm Yeah.
So do you ever go to any museums there where you are in Dallas? Really?
Yeah I've been to I remember when I was a kid we took a field trip to the book depository where JFK was shot you know
from
the spot
and that was really like it was interesting. Um Yeah but I was so little that I really don't remember everything about it so it would be nice to go back and take care of that, it's just cool. Um mm there's a lot to do in Dallas. We went to I took the kids to medieval times gosh
I guess probably probably six months ago. It was fun. It was expensive though like it's one of the things that you just you know do every now and then but we really enjoyed it. The food was good. Um
I was I was looking you think that the actors get paid more but they really don't get paid that much for that job which is very surprising because it seems like it's a hard job, you know like when I left I remember I googled it just because I was curious and it's surprising anyway but they do a really good job, they have to train a lot for that. So is my um is my image coming up really clear on your end? What? Mhm.
I just got a new computer, so I'm like, oh is it showing up good, over there? Yeah, I switched. I got one of those um those three and one computers and I love it. I can change it into a tablet or
like it'll hold it's my life so much easier because my old computers like ancient and it's heavy and doesn't have the touch screen, but it really makes all the jobs that I do, you know, it's a lot easier anyway, but I never used a webcam. Like it's rare that I talked to people over my computer, you know, I'll use space time for pretty much everything. Yeah. So, so are you married?
Well, that's nice, enjoy it. Yeah,
I'm married. My husband works out of town, so it's like I'm single for two weeks. Not like that, but you know like there's nobody here, so, but it gets boring. So any hell did you have a good christmas?
What about new year? The Big 2020.
So did I'm like an old person. I I really don't enjoy, you know the big New Year's party thing. We stay home with the kids and did fireworks and made black eyed peas and cabbage. That was about my daughter sitting here playing with plato beside me. Yes. Well that's nice that they'll let you do this at work and that you can go in a separate area. You know, the other people will let your job do prolific. Also. Is it like a common thing?
My sister, I got her started on it and she did the same study I think last night and I guess her partner, they weren't able to see each other so they just chatted, so. Mhm. Yeah.
What are you doing? Do you have any animals?
I feel the same way. Like I have I have a great dane dog, so like I did have to but one of them passed away last year and so now we're just down to one and like I love her so much, but when she is gone, I'm not getting any more cuts for a long time because I just I don't have time, you know with everything that I mean, I don't want to I spent a lot of time with her, but I still feel like I'm not spending enough time, you know? And so it's just hard because she barks at night and it's a problem. It's a con but you know, I'll keep her until she's so she's gone. I don't want to give her away or anything like that. Stick it out. I had her before I had kids, you know, so she's like, my baby. Also, can we have chickens? I have eight chickens in the backyard, they're free range, but they poop all over. Everything's it's
nasty. I don't think they're not worth the eggs that they give me. Oh, but I mean, luckily she doesn't try to go after the chicken, so that's nice. But but that's it, that's all the pets my my kids want, they want a cat, but they're
so they poop in a little box and they walk all over the house, you know? Yeah, I'm not down for all that. It just, it would be gross. Yeah,
I am. You know, I have, I have netflix, I got amazon prime and we have, we just subscribe to the Disney channel, which that is a man, that's that's a good price. I've seen everything on Netflix. I'm fixing to cancel it today. Like I'm just tired of paying $17 a month for something that we're really not using. Um but we're always getting it with the movies. I just subscribed to that criterion channel. It has a lot of like foreign films. You have to read subtitles, but it's like the best of each, you know, Place I guess. And yeah, I've been watching a lot of old movies. What a good old movies. I'm watching war and peace, the 1966 version and it's all
in Russian. So I've been reading subtitles in bed. But yeah, that's kind of where I'm at with movies we wouldn't watch frozen to the other day and it was really good. But kids movie, you know, so there's only so much of that I can enjoy. What about you? Yeah. Yeah,
I think it was
to help.
Oh
yeah my husband's into all the superhero stuff. He watches Star Wars and I'm not into all that. So I just let me and my son go for all those type of films. Yeah
and frozen was really good. I like the water horse. I thought that was a cool thing but I didn't see like it seems like most of the Disney movies have that one song that stands out and I really didn't seem it didn't seem like frozen two had anything going in that department. Most of the songs are kind of blend I guess. But it was really good. I mean the kids loved it. I thought it was better than the first one so it was good. Yeah. What are you doing? So do you eat at your job? Do you bring a lunch or do you all go out?
No.
The food
That's really cool. That's it sounds like it's a good school, you know? That's interesting. Um
I've been trying to save money and cut calls so we've been eating a lot of eggs around here from the chickens. I'll probably make breakfast burritos for lunch. I hate eating breakfast in the morning. So I usually like a lunch breakfast, you know breakfast. Oh sausage or something. My husband hunts. So we usually have deer meat. I get tired. Do you like medicine? Mhm.
Yeah. Well it gets old after a while. Yeah. I don't know what I'm gonna fix for dinner. Maybe something in the crock pot. My kids are happy that it's friday and they're ready. The school week to be over. It's been a it's been busy since they've been back from christmas break. It's just there. They're tired of school already and they still have you know have their just halfway left. Yeah so we like the school here though, it's a pretty good area to be in. Mhm.
They like it. Do you have any kids?
Well that's nice. Yeah you
seem young mm Okay I'm 36 I got I got 10 years on you. I'm about to be 37 in February so getting old, starting to have to dye my hair. I'm getting all these grays right here so I have to I have to do upkeep now it's tough getting old, starting to wear a wrinkle cream and you know all that stuff there. Yeah I like your glasses, those are nice.
Mm I need to go to the optometrist. I've been like it seems like my visions kinda get changing, you know like at night when I drive I hate it like it's just kind of like it's a little blurry so I should probably go get my eyes checked and get glasses unless it would make me look smarter. So I think they, you know, I just love the way they look. So I have some of those glasses for blue light, you know fucking like it just my eyes start to strain from looking at the computer so much. I guess they're somewhat helpful. I haven't been wearing them a lot lately though. Yeah, they kind of get uncomfortable after a while. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, rooms
kind of boring the area and it's all white.
It's it is what it is. It's like a bedroom. I'm sitting at my kitchen table so you can see everything behind me. I need to clean my house. This is probably the cleanest area where I could, you don't have to see my mess in the background. Have a lot of projects to do today. That's why I like working from home though. Usually I can do what I need to do at the same time while I'm multi testing, you know? So um my other job that I do basically I have a lot of time to do it so I can do Several things in the middle of completing one job, you know? So that's what I'll probably do and I get off here is do some laundry while I'm working, trying to get everything done And I guess it's supposed to start raining pretty hard um around 1:00 here. So yeah,
I gotta go do everything that I need to do outside and collect the eggs and stuff before it gets bad.
my goodness. I can see it kind of behind you. I can see all those cracks. It looks like it's like blue outside. Three cool. It's a very cool Clara. My daughter is showing off her Plato art. You want to come show it? No. Okay. She's been shot. Yes. Yeah. A lot of Plato's um just toys for christmas and she can sit at the table and play with Plato for two hours straight and just want to get up. It's so nice. Like she's the easiest child to be with while the others are in school because she basically entertains herself. She played independently. I
would
put her
in
some type
of school but it's very expensive to, we don't have many options here. There's just there's two places in like a 20 mile radius or I would have to drive further and it was I talked to him and it was like 500 a month for her.
I'm not doing that. I'm home, you know? Yeah. And that's for the, the actual school here, not the daycare like school. So I'm not gonna do that since I can just stay home with her. It seems like I save money in the long run because she gets plenty of interaction with her sister and brother there in Kindergarten in 1st Grade. So they come home and they teach her
everything
that they learned at school and she's pretty advanced for her age as it is being the youngest of, you know, a pack of Children. Yeah. And then my oldest is much older. She's in high school, so she doesn't really, she kind of stays to herself when it comes a little. Mhm. I guess we have, we have 53 seconds now. So we'll start saying goodbye. It's nice chatting with you. Maybe I'll see you in a convenience store or something one day when I'm in Dallas and say, hey, I know that lady. Yeah. Well, good luck on your prolific job. Adventurers I guess. Okay,
mm and have a nice day and
enjoy your time at work, enjoy your lunch with the Children. Mhm. And try not to get soaked in all the rain today.
What?
Yeah, that's nice. Uh huh.
Well five seconds. Take care
that's chatting with you.
Bye, wow.
Uh huh. Yes,
I'm leaving this window open because I'm not sure yet what to do. Okay. So just ignore me. I can't see you. I'm on another tab now. Okay.
Okay. I guess we just go
back
to
the,
The
timer says I see the timer there. Okay. We talked longer than we were supposed to. We didn't really good. Maybe we're gonna bone us. Oh,
ah I guess they were trying to test their video chat server maybe. Mhm.
Mhm, wow.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Right.
Oh
yeah.
Pizza. Yeah.
Yeah.
You do have a damning literate. Yeah.
This is a little sugar layer. What? Yeah. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Oh.
Oh.