Hey, that's good,
I'm very good.
Hey I'm brian
north Carolina
all right on my girlfriend was born tonight at her somewhere. Yeah
yeah quite a while ago. Yeah I think he had grown up on like uh on the phone about there somewhere.
Yeah, same here,
yeah yeah. Big time
baby.
Yeah yeah we've got uh oh my Lord, it's killing me to think about it right now. Oh my God, it's like the biggest one like uh what is it called? Oh my God, what's something? Oh my God, are you kidding me right there, it's down by the beach at obviously I'm a little bit more and then I like right in the middle.
No actually I was I was born in Texas um and uh yeah we moved up here about nine years old or something like that, so I've been here about 20 years. Yeah
I was right outside of Fort Worth. Yeah,
it's right on.
Yeah um I'm getting by uh you know, just having to keep up with money isn't the only problem, but I mean realistically everything's been okay, I've got a six year old son, so for me that's actually been uh kind of like a stressful point, but we've been making advantage and uh you know, beyond that I can't ask for more
um it's half and half actually right now. Um It's kind of it's kind of interesting. Um The daycares are still open things like that, but we do our best to kind of just, you know, we spend we spend a lot of time with him anyway, so it's not too big of a deal for us. Um I'm mostly concerned really for most of the older folks around me, like our parents and things like that and uh you know we we do a good job, I just I don't know, hugely social social person and things like that was like the bars and things like that anymore. Um So it's it's all it was a really easy transition as far as all that goes, you know? Yeah, would be nice to go out to eat, but whatever. I'm saving money and I learned how to make bread. Yeah.
Yeah. So
what about you and your family? How's
it
how's it been treating you?
That
on?
All
each
Go ahead.
Yeah, with my condolences fisher here,
I'm glad. It sounds like he walked away up for it.
I think I know what you mean. Yeah,
yeah, my mom and dad lived pretty clear, please close by, sorry. Um And my mom's been going through a bunch of definitely um mostly just hire problems and things like that, but a lot of the medication weekends, her immune system. Um And as far as my like my girlfriend's mom, she's she's got a mess and she's paralyzed and
so
she's totally not about being around like a large groups of anything. Uh So we're just trying to be really careful that we don't slip up because we're both young, we're both super healthy. Um And lately especially I've noticed um you know, Greensboro has had, I'm in Greensboro north Carolina sort of right in the middle of the state. Um And it's a pretty big city, but in my age group we finally got like a really big flare and all the kids when they opened up the bars, started catching it and just passing
it around and
I didn't go out at all, I was like, y'all are crazy, like I'm chilling. Um and I've only hung out with maybe like a handful of people throughout this whole thing anyway, which has been nice because I think especially at my age is good to withdraw a little bit and like reserve some energy for really important things, you know? Um After this is all done, I want to have fun.
No, I don't, I'm in retail so I have worked constantly no matter what, you
know.
guess so. You know. Uh It's kind of funny too because uh I was unemployed for most of this. Um and
now being employed. Um I see more of white wise hasn't just like gone away yet because like I said, I really wasn't going out much. Um And it's kind of it's kind of crazy to me that people will just ignore all of this and act like it's doesn't it's not going to affect them somehow. Yeah,
I heard
resistance.
So. Uh
Yeah. I can't tell what's up with any of that. I know I left about how vaccines work and things like that.
But uh you know, like for instance we get a flu shot every year,
you
know, uh because you tates and changes and this is that was kind of a crazy thing with Covid was that it was moving and changing so much faster than anything else where they've seen. But we also magically found a way to take care of it within a year. We've never done that within four
years,
you
know?
So
the timing is kind of crazy.
I'm sure I'm sure they're gonna want to deploy that as fast as possible. Um
Um I'm not married, but she is my partner. We're gonna get there eventually. But yeah, she was working um what's kind of crazy actually. Um Her dad had died about two months ago, not not directly from Covid or anything. Um He had had heart problems um and he just had a big surgery um and he like just tripped and fell on his head and
you
know,
it's just yeah, so it kind of devastated her um obviously. Um So now she's out of three sisters, she's kind of like the one that has to shoulder all the way of taking care of her mom and staying in the house where, oh, this has already happened um and you know, not really getting a lot of help, so uh
Yeah, well I've been helping encourage her a little bit. Um And honestly she's she's a go getter, so it's not gonna it's actually too big of a deal for once things kind of like find their new normal or whatever that means. Um
But she's
she's
back in school.
No just her mom.
Sorry?
No no where is uh I mean she's just from the waist down she can't walk. Um She's smoking she's super cool. Um
But as far as my girlfriend goes, she's back in school for nursing. Uh So she she definitely took the time uh from like quitting your job to just go ahead and like making this new plan and getting that started with like online classes and things like that that she can do from home and still be around her mom. Um And uh so I'm just trying my best to be as supportive as I can, you know it's all completely unchecked territory. Uncharted territory so
you know we're just figuring it out.
Um Pretty much right now. Yeah that's it. I mean she still goes to her like uh her like I'm sorry I'm trying to remember what like she she gets these shots and stuff like that at the at the hospital records and um and she does some other things so she still sees her doctors and things like that. But um yeah Allie is basically the only one taking care of her. I
think uh I think one of her sisters is coming over tonight to give her a break
But
for the
most part yeah she's doing it all
now. It's that both of them together.
and the other sisters live separate but one of them is pregnant the other one just had another surgery.
Um So she's just been super slammed with everything.
Yeah that's right yeah
Yeah. Yeah it's it's uh well I wish you the best for sure. I
don't want anything hey we're going on with his knees.
No
no we seem to have a really good attitude about it all at
least
you know I'm a poll for you over here.
that's
That's
so cool.
I think so too. Especially you know watching her mom's decline and things like that I think I think that's exactly what it is for is that she needs something to I feel like she's helpful like
she's doing something good. I mean I think we all due to a to a degree for sure. Um But yeah I'm super proud of her. She's doing great. Yeah.
Yeah for now
um Yeah keeps her out of the population of school and everything like that while this all gets figured out and she can catch up on her grades. Um Yeah that's kind of the way to do it if you're ever going back into school, especially at our age. Um Just get those prerequisite classes out of the way and uh you know just keep rolling from there, you know,
for the most part. Um I think a lot of universities also know that like adult students uh you know, we're both over 25 she's 28 29. So like brothers like we're serious, like if we go back and do something, you know, they know that we're like there to make something out of ourselves, we're not just collecting a check. Um
You know? Uh So I'm thinking about doing that for the next semester, but I might wait whole another one just because I've
lot to get in line um to help my son's mother and things like that out. Um And uh keep keep
what I'm doing going, so we're I'm not far behind. Yeah,
well that's the other part of it too, is because I want to get into audio engineering and I can get a I'm gonna degree. Um But I could also just move speakers once events come back in and
it turns out in like the entertainment industry a special especially you like really need to know someone. Um And that's the best way to get to meet people. Um I
could get a little degree from a community college in media studies or something like that, but um what
I what I've been doing is I just started um this outreach program with a group of friends of mine um because everyone's bored and sitting at home, so we're gonna start cleaning up parks, you know uh collecting some clothes and food for the homeless around here because
we all interact with them a whole lot, you know? Uh Kids, kids,
my
Asian in the 20s and things like that all live in the same neighborhoods in the city for the most part, so um there's a lot of economic divide and we're all part of that, you know, so it's about just doing what we can for the people that are our neighbors really.
and through that we're gonna be able to um talk
to the city and approach them because a friend of mine told me when they did the pride rally here last summer or last spring, they
had like a
like two floors of the parking backs, like just loaded
up with DJs and parties and stuff like that. So we're going to approach the city
for just one of those floors and basically
do something nice for like the community, like either a big free show or a small donation show as a food drive and a clothing drive and things like that. Um
but we're going to spend this winter just getting our momentum up and actually doing the thing. Um so I've got a bunch of like 20 something's just running around cleaning up parts and making soup at the parts for the homeless for a bit, hopefully keeps people warm. Uh So that way in the spring, we can all just party.
It depends on where you are, we usually get a snowstorm or two. Um And the mountains obviously it gets a lot colder. It's there's a lot more, the beach doesn't do anything just to be just kind of like weird middle of the road beach. I love our mountains here. They're, they're great, definitely be on moving out there at some point. Um I like to hear though to like being close to everything and I've got 40 and 85, like within a mile of my house. So I want to go travel anywhere else. It's a great spot to be.
Over
Good. That's awesome. How much time is important.
so, um, does it get pretty dark? Pretty, pretty late up there during the summer because I know I got to go to michigan and Uh, it was like 10:00, it was still light outside. I lost my mind for a second and I was, I was so confused.
I
love
babies.
Hey
dog.
Hey dex. What's up?
Uh, not now. I had one when I was a little bit younger, I think from like 21 to 26. Um, I love that dog. She was a good dog. Uh Yeah, we had to put her down. She had kidney stones. Um, just
wasn't passing him.
it
was, she was a big like greyhound looking dog in the body, but had like floppy hound ears instead of like the pointy weird one. Yeah, she had like a good like um, almost like a big basset hounds now, but just this like super skinny fast dog with awesome, like spoiled attitude shares my little princess and stuff like that. You know, I've got another one eventually I just moved into a new place, so I want to spend the rest of the winner just like settling in and kind of getting everything together. Um and then I want to get a puppy eventually.
and I feel like I'm sorry. Good.
Yeah, that's what we love about him though. Um and I would love to get one for my son you know I just know he would love to grow up with a puppy. What boy doesn't you know
believe?
I think
that's the best part about dogs that they're just so goofy
and
they love
you.
Um I don't know the last one was a rescue um and I have no problem with rescuing at all um but I do want to rescue a puppy this time because I got her maybe like six years old and she was already huge
you know she was already like £30.. Yeah and it was cool because I had her for a couple of years before my son was born so she was cool by the time he was born but like you know when I first got her she was just wild, this
dog was
just running everywhere, darting around the house, it was crazy. Um And she chilled out. She definitely did, especially after he was born. I think she likes assumed a role within the pack, you know and found found her place. Um And I don't know I like big dogs but I also like little dogs, I don't know, something will speak to me, you know there will be like a little dogs somewhere
around and
some will
be
trying to get rid of some puppies.
Sorry?
Exactly yeah I'll probably take him with me and you know see which one resonates well with him. Yeah.
Um he would have been about four.
he definitely misses her. Uh We talked about her every once in a while. He definitely remembers her. You know she was like one of the first influences in his life you know besides his mom and me. Um
So yeah but she left a good impression, you
know?
It's a
it's a it's a good thing. Um And he's a smart kid, he's really, really beautiful, He he understands so much more than he'll say. His great grandmother actually just died um
A couple of weeks ago, she was like 98, she got up there, I mean she was great on
and he kind of understood it, you know, and he he
was just comforting his mom more than anything else
because
he knew her, but he obviously knew how much she meant to his mom, you
know, and uh like I said, you can just pick up on these things, he knows what's going on.
it's a blessing
I think.
I want
to share some events. Yeah.
I probably wouldn't start anything until at least the spring for it to warm up, but a lot of that I want to make sure it's going to be safe. I don't want to be responsible for a bunch more people getting sick. Um So I'm just playing it by ear um but I'm because I'm willing to go as far as like the summer and that's the other part of doing it in the parking deck and things like that is we can we can enforce mask wearing, we can enforce uh some of the distancing and things like that. Um And
I don't
know, like I said, it's just important to me that I do it the right way.
Thank you.
Oh yeah, I think that's my brad. Um
It was
super nice talking to you, you
have
great
time. Oh yeah, yeah, we we passed a little while ago. Yeah.
Ernie
you
too. Yeah,
absolutely.