That's not, he signed in a little early and I tried to, it is close to it as possible one. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. This one was, yeah. Right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, couple minutes early Department. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. It's not yes.
Okay. How about you?
Good. My name is Don.
Hi brian. Where are you from?
North Carolina? In Boise Idaho.
grandfather?
Oh, there's lots of farms out here.
North Carolina.
They
have, you have a marine base out there too, don't you?
Are you, what's the were um where you from originally? You've always been in north Carolina?
I was born in Weatherford, Oklahoma and raised in Dallas texas. That's why I have an accent. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. My, my brother is a chiropractor still down there and he lives in a nasal, which is right outside of Fort Worth. Um That was where he was, where he has his house, but his practices in Dallas.
yeah. How are you doing through this covid stuff?
Is he in school right now or do you have home school?
Make make home meals all the time instead. Right.
Yeah.
And
I'm
single. So, and I have a roommate, but um, I don't have any kids. I've never been married. So I'm kind of one of those, What do you call old maids? I'm 53. So, but I also have a lot of health difficulties and that's, that's the main reason I wasn't able to have kids and stuff. So, um,
it's a been trial that way. But unfortunately I have a lot of family here in Boise
that are cousins and stuff like that. And so I
get to experience the kids with them and when we were able to get together kind of right now, we've been separated and try not to get together because especially with me having health difficulties, that's scary to to
get To possibly get sick. My brother, who was 50 was very, very healthy. In fact, he played on a semi pro football team for arena football, he was a kicker,
so, but he unfortunately got Covid and then all of a sudden, I don't know it, we also have something in our, in our system that's called Factor five Leiden, which causes blood clots. And he got a severe blood clot in his long, possibly brought on by Covid and he had to have a thoracotomy surgery on his lung and because his lung wouldn't stay inflated and it was it was awful. So he had a rough time with, it was on the ventilator only for a day, but He was on a uh in icu for like three days so it was kind of scary.
No.
Yeah he's he's walking away, he's still, you know they had to break some ribs to get to his lung and so he's and he's a chiropractor so he's having done try to adjust with broken ribs is pretty pretty and what unhealthy and painful.
So do you have like parents that are still
didn't
you?
And
no.
Yeah definitely. Now do you do you work from home or?
so
you're kind of an essential worker aren't you? Mm.
dear.
You know you know they talk about mom mob um that mentality, what's the thing mob, it's where the immune system gets boast boosted by
the
Hard resistance. Thank you. That's the word I was looking for. Yeah you kind of wonder how true that is and how not. You know my brother brought up a real interesting fact out of the 38 million or so that have that have gotten covid um and they talked about oh the reinfection rate, there's only four in the world that have been reinfected and I thought
that was quite a number. I I expected it to be a lot higher but then I was like well what good would the virus would the vaccine do if it if you can get reinfected again? You know? But with this uh with it only being that few they may have had just like a mild case and it really didn't develop a resistance or something. I don't know my guess so.
Well
I
do
back
thinking,
I know,
I know it's amazing
so
hopefully it will come out and be a lot available quite quickly.
I know. I know there's one company Pfizer and there was another one I heard recently that they said maybe uh getting released to but 90% that's pretty good. Higher than the flu vaccine. So because they're not as high on that one, does your wife work?
Oh that's too
bad. I'm
sorry.
yeah.
Exactly.
Did you say he
was paralyzed?
Did you say she was paralyzed?
I mean that's why her mom. Yeah.
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
definitely.
It's a hard life right now. It's very difficult to do things and especially having somebody with those special needs. Does she is she her total caregiver or does she have a caregiver or?
That's all
Oh that every
night that
was
does she live by herself or does she have somebody that she lives with?
The two are together? Yeah, that'll be nice to get a break.
Oh my goodness.
Now I'm supposed to have surgery the 15th on my on my knee, but at this point they're saying elective surgeries may not be possible because of all the covid things and I'm like uh so I had it scheduled, but just whether it's actually going to go through with it or not, it's gonna be up in the air, so
total knee replacements. A little scary.
Open.
Yeah, that's the truth. I've needed a total knee replacement since I was 19 and I just I used to be much much heavier and they wouldn't do it because I was too heavy and lost a lot of the weight. And then I got below where they said I needed to be and and then they were like, if you need this surgery, I mean we need no you need this surgery. So let's do it. So every time I walk on it I'm limp. In fact they showed the two bones, one bone was real white and the other bone was kind of dark and he says, because I've been limping on this leg for so long, it made it just not have a good solid white bone. So it's really weird. But that's what, you know, and I have osteoporosis. So it's a little scary on hoping that my bone will hold you know, because they they hammer that that thing into the joint, you know, into the bone. And so scary to think, oh my gosh, is that going to be able to hold it because of osteo process? Excuse
me. But
I
know
I appreciate that. Um You know, I was gonna tell you your girlfriend, I went to nursing school when I was, I graduated high school when I was 16. So I started nursing school when I was 17. I just turned 17 and did a lot through the RN program um for the associate degree and I got through most of it and believe me, you know, and this was in the eighties. So it was a long time ago, but it was uh it was one of the most rewarding things and I worked in a hospital for the ICU units and the cancer wards. And believe me, it was the most rewarding thing I ever did in my life and I would still be doing it if my physical body would allow me to do it, I would just be doing that in a heartbeat because it is a wonderful thing. And I get requested to all different floors. Because I would do, you know, I worked with patients that were like unconscious and and I would do massages on them and stuff just to keep that stimulation going. And it was a wonderful thing. And I found one guy, He had had a car accident when um he was 16. He was there in the icu for nine months in a coma. And I would talk to him, turn on the radio, I would, you know everything in massage and whatever I did. And one day I went onto the regular floor and then I saw him there and I didn't recognize him at first because you know when you're in a coma, you look different. But he was he was on the floor and I came in, I always said, hi, how are you doing, Good morning and this kind of thing and and he goes so that again and I was like what, what what they say and then he said just say what you, how you said it and I did and he goes you were the one and I said what do you mean? Because you were the one that would come into my room training to my favorite radio station, I mean it was such a wonderful uplifting thing to see this kid come out of this, you know and remember me when he was in a coma. So it was a it was
very rewarding, is
she?
She would love that, she would love to be able to experience that kind of stuff and um
dinner
that's wonderful. Is she doing online courses did you say
for now?
And
Right.
What's going on?
You
what what schooling are you going into? What are you what are you going into?
it's
thanks.
Well
name
Is
back
Oh that's wonderful. Yeah.
hi.
It
of yeah.
Well.
It's
it.
wonderful.
Right no doubt. Does it get really cold in north Carolina sometimes?
I bet I bet we where I live you can you used to in fact the trees are getting too high now, you used to get sit on my porch and see the mountains and the snow capped mountains just right right off my porch but now the trees are getting to talk, I want to go cut them down but so I can see that but it's it's beautiful out here where you can just see the mountains all around. You know, we're kind of high up, we're not a we're not quite a mile up, but we're about I think three quarter mile up high and so we get snow pretty often. In fact we've already had our first snowfall. What they was probably two or three weeks ago, three weeks ago,
I think we had about three inches and I was like, I don't like this yet, but it makes you feel christmassy, so you kind of start hearing christmas songs and like okay I can get into this now, the snow has been here, so, but if the mountains are beautiful it's just it's absolutely beautiful. My my brother came up here for the first time and went snow skiing with his family and they just had a blast. We we rented a uh kind of a it was a time share thing and we stayed there in an apartment and they went skiing and I had to stay home but because of physical body but I was able to enjoy them and in the evening and we we played games and had a lot of big blast. So
It is.
It's it's the way it is in the summer here and we have to put like garbage bags over our windows because it gets it stays late till almost almost 11:00 and it's still sunny are still light and so it's better my little doggies coming up here. I'll show you my little doggy, see
if you
can
see there he is. You say
hi
hi. Yeah his name's text. He's got a little little tax right here on his chest.
Yes. He's like he wanted to know what's going on over here anyway. Do you have do you have an animal?
apartments
what kind of
worship?
Yeah. They just bring such joy to your life. He sleeps with me,
I was just gonna say he sleeps with me at night, he sleeps on my lap and he has to sleep on my lap and that's just the way he is.
No doubt now he he's a have her knees and Yorkie so he has kind of the he's a small he's only like £15 but he's a wonderful
little guy. He's just a sweetheart. He makes sure makes me laugh. Make me laugh a lot. Yeah,
Brooklyn.
What
kind
are you
looking for for for your son?
All
How
that?
The jolson,
you'll
see
it
probably see
at the shelter or something and say, oh, that's the one.
how old was he when you switch the other one past your other dog path?
So he was still pretty young enough not to really? Well, he probably still grieved, I'm sure As a four year old.
Right.
It's
clean.
It's
Oh, I'm sorry.
how
You
that's when
this
True.
And that amazing kids are so resilient and so just incredible. Just amazes me. Yeah,
It is, it is, it is. Um when you're going to be doing the,
the would you say rent a floor that you're going to be doing when he's
here?
When will that be about?
And
and
yeah, definitely. And like you said, you don't want anything spreading. I know my brother the way he got his covid, he said he has a pavilion outside of his house. I mean it's like it's like the size of three big gazebos. I mean it's a huge thing. And he set up and made a stage and uh, did a karaoke thing and set it all up. And then somebody had a birthday party. So he, He invited them to come. And that's what happened is there's about 60 people there. They tried to stay social distance as much as possible. Everything was outside. They didn't go inside, but still about 20% of them still came down with it. So
that was a high amount. Very, very toxic to my brother obviously because made him sick. Nobody else, none of his other family got sick. So it was just just him. So anyway, but it's crazy you can do things like just it was really interesting how he set up a stage and they had the microphone and had the lighting and just he did it all to make it really cool and uh something beeping.
Well
what?
too.
Is it
time?
Well thank you.
There's good meeting, meeting you and
good luck with everything.
Take
me.