SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What we need to get more money? Okay. Right that's what I'm going to have to.
SPEAKER_R: sorry about that. What? Get off? I click the next button so I had to redo the whole thing twice.
SPEAKER_L: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can't hear me. All right, good deal. That's the dogs. They think somebody's here because I said hi and then not nothing guys up. So
SPEAKER_L: I've got a cat that's gonna want out because she just ate so she might be on my head in a minute I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: well I have, my dog is right behind this laptop here and then the other one is on the floor looking by looking towards the front like, hey, stranger danger. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh what kind of dogs do you have?
SPEAKER_R: I have two Pomeranians are littermates of male and a female and the female is much smaller than the male, but she's the alpha and she takes it's not, this isn't funny, but it's kind of funny. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: she, she has seizures and so I have to give her PHENobarbital and one of the side effects of PHENobarbital is aggressiveness, but she's not the least bit aggressive towards people. It just towards her brother. So like, so like we'll be in the middle of the night, sound asleep everybody. And then all of a sudden you hear start this low growl and I'm like oh my God, serie asleep, what is wrong with you? So I can't get mad at her because you know, she's brain damaged so.
SPEAKER_L: Poor baby.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, well she's healthy except for that crazy stuff. But yeah, she's all right. They just but they're just not nine years old, so.
SPEAKER_L: I had a bunch of dogs in our house burned down and none of the dogs were hurt or anything but they're down on the property where we lived before and we go take care of them every day because it's not about a mile from here but we've got cats here because they started
SPEAKER_R: That depends.
SPEAKER_L: showing up and I started feeding them. So now I've got a bunch of cats and a bunch of dogs and when
SPEAKER_R: The whole
SPEAKER_L: I move
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: somewhere in I've got I'm gonna have to combine them, that's not gonna be
SPEAKER_R: Can
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: you have a little zoo and that's fine, that's whatever. Yeah, I live in um really northern New York like by the state larger ever really rural area and there's a lot of dairy farms around here. And one of the things one of the things that every dairy farmer has, it's like 10,000 cats because.
SPEAKER_L: barn cats?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, exactly. And so um you pull into the driveway and they're real, you know, so they're feral and they're real shy and you pull into the driveway and it's like you can just barely see him dark, dark, dark, they're all over the place. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: see that's what
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I call my mom is like what are you gonna do with all these cats when we get a place and we have to move and we have two dogs and I'm like I hope they can be barn cats. I hope we get some place with a bar, she's like keep dreaming.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My sister had my sister, I want my, one of my older sisters has cats and Like a few of six or 7 cats and she's a very good sense of humor though. We're going to get her like, you know how they have the cat
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: lady stuff and uh you're a joke. She probably wouldn't think that was funny. But yeah, she cat the cat lover, my son, my middle son is really super allergic to cats and he's allergic to dogs too. But I guess cats are for some people more, more and more of an issue. So so you sound like you're from the south.
SPEAKER_L: I am. I live in Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's why we have a cousin in Georgia. Um where does, where does that count? Christina? Where does Laurie live Christina? Where does Laurie live in Georgia? Is it not? Athens is uh near
SPEAKER_L: I live
SPEAKER_R: Atlanta?
SPEAKER_L: right, I live right outside of Athens. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: grew
SPEAKER_R: was just
SPEAKER_L: up in Atlanta though. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we live in a place called Hull which is like five miles outside of Athens but nobody knows where it's at.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good though. Always won't come and bring your place. Yeah. So we're originally from providence Rhode island. Even
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: the cousin talking about. Yeah. And so then pre Disney, our family moved down to florida to my dad worked on the um the, you know, the the actual construction of Disney. And so we went to school in Kissimmee, but like when it was still cowtown kind of cool, like leans and dirt roads and my sister still lives there. A lot of my family still lives there. But um Now it's like eight lanes and everything is built up like, you know, used to drive to school on the bus, you see brahma bulls in the field and cows and orange groves and it's all different now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I lived in Fort Walton for a while when I was a kid.
SPEAKER_R: I heard that. Yeah. For Walton beach. So what they used to know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's right next to Destin, which is kind of like where richie rich people go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No, we were we were never kind of working class. Yeah. Richie. But I'm a teacher now though. I teach middle school up
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: here. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know how you have to kind of count your blessings when horrible stuff happened. So we went to school in new york like remotely like pretty early on. And uh but so many people and because I, the town I live in, it's got like 1700 people. But in the, in the summertime it's because right on the river gets much bigger. You know, tourism and stuff, but not so much tourism this year. But so many people in this town lost their jobs because of the work from home. Think they were service industry people so that he can be a waitress at home. Well I catch you can but you're not gonna get paid for it so someone is lucky that I got to do my job and keep getting paid nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, everybody here has got to where it's kind of remote or like five miles outside of Athens, but everybody started ordering food because you know, you can't go anywhere. You get tired of the same old food and they used to deliver food out here and now every day you see the little food people delivery cars driving up. So you've got people that are delivering food that are earning money, which
SPEAKER_R: Hard.
SPEAKER_L: is, it's not that great of job, but and you've got the people that are working in the restaurants that, you know make a little money, so at least they're staying employed. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's tough. Um I don't know like I have a son and two sons in texas. Oh one son in texas, one son in um Knoxville and then a son here with me and then a daughter in Syracuse which is kind of a bigger city and then another daughter here with me. But it's like texas is getting walloped with the corona virus
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: florida to where my family lives. My sisters from. I got plug my computer and it's not gonna die or anything, I just get nervous.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: But how is it in Georgia, is it not too bad,
SPEAKER_L: actually it's getting bad again.
SPEAKER_R: is it?
SPEAKER_L: it's not I think my mom just had it. She was just sick. I was sick three or four weeks ago but we haven't had tests and um you know we were both pretty sick but I'm with her all the time. She's visually impaired so I would have thought if I had it should have caught it a lot quicker. But but she was sick last night and she's doing a lot better today. But yeah it's bad here but the desks are lessening. Um And younger people are getting is is what they're saying that the 130 people that work at G. A. Have it right now and and it's not really even in school right now they they're letting some employees work but um some but they opened the bars like two weeks ago and there was a girl on the news that goes to U. G. A. She's a junior and she's like yeah we didn't wear face coverings and now we know because she caught it and just bunches of people caught it when they opened the bars down there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's probably well
SPEAKER_L: How?
SPEAKER_R: so we're about 66 hours away. I know it's always a red alert time, we're about six away from new york city, so and so we live in Jefferson county and Like I don't even think 50 people in Jefferson, all of Jefferson County have gotten sick from it yet, it's like you know what is more and more tourists come up because a lot of people are you know the the expensive people on summer homes here um as they come up and I don't know like you said opening the bars and it's like so so my daughter, my youngest daughter ruth, she she works where she works. She's you know do not contact a lot of people. So we've just been hanging out and you know, not not letting people breathe honest, you know because
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: my mom she has trouble breathing and when we first started doing the mask thing it was difficult to get her to be able to wear a mask. But I finally got some good mass that that you can breathe in.
SPEAKER_R: good. Yeah. That is stuff I mean because like I said, I don't go out a lot but it doesn't even matter that like the one that I want to kind I don't want to get the ones with the folds because I have the ones that that cover like this. Oh my God starts to sweat here. My glasses fog to and then even though I can actually breathe, I start to get a little bit panicky like you know, you don't know the drugstore having a panic attack because you think you're not breathing but you are so yeah, I forgot to tell you. Might as MEREDITH by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Merida.
SPEAKER_L: my name is Jill it's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you too. Do you like doing that prolific stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I love it it's fun. I've not gotten one I didn't like. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've yesterday or maybe it was this morning. That's how good my memory is. I failed I failed one of the attention tests and I because my sister does it too and then my ruthie does, it was like I had never done it before. You know, I just scan and then I so now I read more carefully but I felt that I failed the attention test and my sister says you weren't reading carefully and like I know I wasn't good. But yes, it's I mean it's nice to have a little bit of, you know, I just save it out like when it gets deposited to my checking account, it shows up and you know the deposits. I just show up and read, I don't remember a different color. And so I just attract those for my checkbook. So I have it as a separate amount. Like
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: here's my prolific money. There's your cat.
SPEAKER_L: yes. She wants out. She'll probably
SPEAKER_R: She,
SPEAKER_L: get on top of my head in a minute.
SPEAKER_R: you can left are are you not wanting to let it out?
SPEAKER_L: Well actually right now I don't know if you can tell I've got air conditioning on but I'm perspiring.
SPEAKER_R: Both.
SPEAKER_L: It is about I think it's about 95 degrees outside. And the heat indexes it's not super
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: high. Yesterday the heat index was around 100 so it's probably the heat indexes around 97 98
SPEAKER_R: I just want.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just trying to wait to let her out. She doesn't know I mean, you know so
SPEAKER_R: You know on it's out
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: she there's woods right behind us and she goes back there when I went to get to
SPEAKER_R: Important.
SPEAKER_L: feed her while ago she was way down in the bushes so she's staying somewhere cool out there. But I was trying to wait till it cooled off a little in about four hours.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God. That's funny because, well, I think the warmest got here so far this year. I don't think it hit 90. Uh, it doesn't, it doesn't typically, you know, like today we woke up When we started actually getting around and it was 70, but it's real cloudy and heavy and like mug and so I'm outside to do a little bit of yard work. And I came in and I was sweating and I was like, I'll do that like you said. And when it gets the sun starts to go down because
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: if I forgot,
SPEAKER_L: hot here
SPEAKER_R: oh, I can't even because we I lived in florida from or maybe eight years 12 to 20 ish. And I don't remember it being like 100°.. I just don't remember Florida. Um chris everything is air conditioned to so but we like have air conditioning here because if we did we'd use it like I don't know, a week maybe. Uh I
SPEAKER_L: Think
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: I've never been anywhere I was born in Washington D. C. But I've never been anywhere north you know really north out of the south and um you know I was like I don't know if I could live up north but it sure is a lot cooler up there you know that's a selling point.
SPEAKER_R: My son, my son's wife is from Vietnam and she had never seen snow because she's from Houston. Really, she had never seen snow. So they came up last last winter and so in the wintertime everything here is dead like there's nothing is open, like you have your grocery store and gas stations and of course the liquor stores but like everything else closes and yeah and had never seen snow. She'd never been on the ice. And so we took her all the way up the ST Lawrence River, you know, on the on the street, and then we went out to the state parks which are all closed. And so she got to walk on the ice and she got to see the snow and I said, what do you think you think you live here? She says, oh no, no, no, no, it's too cold. And I was like, yeah, pretty cold, but
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: we just
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: snow I like I like it when it snows here like once a year twice a year like 3" on the ground and everybody has rex because they're not used to driving in it. Northern people make fun of us. They close the schools you know so it's
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: it's funny.
SPEAKER_R: because, well my grandkids live in Knoxville and they do this in Knoxville, they do the same thing there. Like they had, they had a school closing one day. I can't even tell you what was for, it was weather related. Maybe it was too cold, but it hadn't snowed. And I was dying because we like, we get snow days figured into our school calendar and we are never used them all because they're like, oh, it's fine, you can get there. You know, it's like, oh, like crap. Seriously? Sometimes
SPEAKER_L: And left.
SPEAKER_R: I'm driving to school and it's only seven miles away and it's just one straight shot, like a straight line all the way up and maybe a couple of curves and some days I'm like taken my superintendent seem in vain big time. Like you son of a bad word, why are we even here a couple of times, a couple times you've actually got into school and the weather got progressively worse. To the point we're like, okay, well we're going to close early so we shouldn't have been there anyway. But the good side, the good, you know, the upside to that is um, the kids get their lunch because you know, if they get free lunch, they get fed, so that was good and then the kids, you know, they always love it, they're like oh my God the snow was terrible. I was like I know I drove it, you coop. But yeah, so I think so I'm about 60 lb, 63 and a couple couple days, so two more years I think we'll give me 20 years teaching so you can go over time. Yeah, I didn't start teaching until oh cheaper. So I was older what they call a nontraditional student, but
SPEAKER_L: what do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: English English seven And and then you know like the, you know level literacy, everything related to that. But Um I am the English teacher at my school and for seventh grade that's a smaller school is if one for 678, you know that's fun. We used to have a lot of military families up here because in Watertown which is nothing is happening at all. They probably somebody's car door, I opened the back door so they could go up and uh so we used to get a lot of military families which is fun because we get kids from everywhere, like all ethnicities, all like states from like Alaska Hawaii to everywhere and most of their housing now that was on base, so we don't get those kids anymore, so just get mostly farm kids which who I love the hardworking kids. Nice, nice. But there's no um dr like diversity in the town we live. So like all the stuff that's going on in the news about the riots and all that stuff, it hasn't touched us at all because there's no, you know there's there's nothing here to write about if you know what I mean? It's like okay. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's kind
SPEAKER_R: I mean like
SPEAKER_L: of like it it's here but and in Athens they riot but here they don't
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah well here if she rioted somebody go tell your mom, you know I'm telling your mom it's just gonna kick your butt. Um Which is that's how small the town is that but like my granddaughter lives in Syracuse which is a big city and she spent two love rallies but peaceful not like throwing bricks and not calling police officers names and stuff like that. She just ghosts and you know to show her support and I was like make sure you know what you're supporting before you do it, you should read about it. Don't just get on everybody's bandwagon there babe. But you know young people are so they have strong feelings about stuff you know I remember feeling that way. I just told her just be careful who you're supporting that's all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I remember even when Occupy Wall Street was the big thing, I'm 50 now. Well I'll be 50 in October so but even you
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: happened?
SPEAKER_L: 10 years ago I was like I was ready to go out and support that and they had a big occupy thing in Athens and um I was supporting that and that wasn't even that long ago. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think people should support whatever they believe and I just I just wanted her to make sure that like she knew the background and you know stuff like that that's all like
SPEAKER_L: I'm worried about because of the pandemic and
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: here in Georgia the heats a problem. I'm like I'm not going out and supporting anything in this heat, they
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: provide me air conditioner, I'll go
SPEAKER_R: Oh I would collapse and I mean I I couldn't live and we went to my son brian lives out in Houston and he took us to see, he took me and my two younger kids two can't remember the name of the National Park. Yellowstone I think. Yeah. Anyway we had to fly into colorado at one point I was thinking Colorado Mountains and be cool. It was like 100 degrees when we got there seriously and so from the car to the hotel I was like I would die if I mean I would die if I lived there I would never go outside. It's like
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: I mean I
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: guess you
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: could.
SPEAKER_L: about the at the altitude, makes it difficult to breathe there too, so that would be yours.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. We went on a, we drove, we didn't high current. I mean we walked around the park a little bit but we went up one mountain, I want to say it was called cadillac mountain. But that might be wrong anyway. It was really high up and when we got to the top I felt odd, you know, like not quite in my bed and Ryan said, oh yeah it's the altitude. And I was looking around and everybody's eating and talking. I was like what about that? He goes, oh they're used to it. And I was like, do you think this was something don't I was like, okay, well I guess I'm not a mountain person then, which is fine. But it was odd. I mean really, really did feel like, I don't know woozy
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't,
SPEAKER_L: batted in the head.
SPEAKER_R: I see that. That tales I came, come here. Let's go. Let's
SPEAKER_L: Let
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: outside.
SPEAKER_L: help. She doesn't know. I mean she knows she'll probably go in the woods, but she, I don't know. It's not good for her to be out there when it's this hot it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't,
SPEAKER_L: be,
SPEAKER_R: no, because what you get, I mean, Yeah, because my
SPEAKER_L: you've got a fur coat on,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah. Oh God. Even think of that. That's right.
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: like dark?
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I vacuum, I could vacuum. I bet you know, this little Roomba things. Those electron. I keep thinking I'd like to get one, but there's, I probably would never. But um,
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: bark at him,
SPEAKER_R: that's what I was thinking. First of all, dogs will probably never forgive me. And second of all, like to get through one room and they'd be so full of dog has to be like, you know, killed the Ruma. Yeah. They shed a lot there fuzzy. Yeah. My, my cousin has a Pomeranian too and she, she got him clipped, but I like the long hair. I like
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: to brush it.
SPEAKER_L: we've got some down on our property. There's some Akita puppies. Well, they're mixed. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they look like little teddy bears.
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: They've
SPEAKER_R: beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: got four coats onto though
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's not that's not a hot, that's not a hot weather dog right there.
SPEAKER_L: our neighbors brought in the key to and set it loose out there and that's why the dogs over there sometimes come up with Akita puppies, part Akita puppies. Oh, cute but
SPEAKER_R: they are,
SPEAKER_L: up and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: like oh we love those, let us have one.
SPEAKER_R: take them.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I'm I think I'm stuck in like little dog mode right now because we had a golden retriever years ago. Nice dog. But these two are like walking them, they're just the right, it's like I don't want something that's going to knock me down, you know, dragons sidewalk, you
SPEAKER_L: I had
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: a chihuahua once and I loved him so much. His name was bingo, he's a little white chihuahua and he literally shook all the time because he was oh gosh I love little dogs.
SPEAKER_R: they're cute. There are two hours to they don't know how little they are. They're so feisty. Like we're calling little, you know, it's so funny.
SPEAKER_L: that's what my mom used to say, she's like I don't like to watch because they have an attitude and there yeah but then we got bingo and she's like okay I like to go
SPEAKER_R: Well that's why I like little dogs because Number one they're portable. But number two, I like that attitude where they like, like my two if they're with me on the leash and a big dog was, but I didn't have any sense at all. They don't attack him or anything, but they'll bark at them. I'm like, you are like an order of to that dog, you're like an appetizer, you don't have any idea. But there's such mooch is I'm watching my sisters out in the living room and I'm watching my dogs watch her eat a couple of chips, and they're both sitting on the floor just in anger. Like they never get fed ever, Ever four Little Souls, Mercenary Little Dogs.
SPEAKER_L: I've never had a Pomeranian I think my aunt had one and it was name was Pandey and then Pandey something happened to Pandy and then she got another one and named it Pandey. She always
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: named him pop handy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my son Joshua gave me these dogs for my birthday, so nine years ago he and his wife and their son William because they only had the one baby, then came up first the summer from uh national from Knoxville. And uh Joshua said he had to go get a part for his truck. So he left for the day and he was gone for so long. I was getting worried as like I asked Natalie, his wife was the first josh, you know, she's not back yet. And I said to my sister who was also here is like, how long does it take to get a truck for a part of your truck for crying out loud. So anyway, around dinner time, Joshua comes in and he's got these two little fur balls and I thought they were for Natalie and I was panic stricken. I'm like, oh my gosh, she got her the wrong dog because she had said she wanted a pug, you know those little smashed face dogs? And we got Pomeranians? I'm like, she doesn't want those, she wants hugs and she's going to be so disappointed. And so I'm sitting on the couch and Joshua goes plop and plop them laugh. And I was like, well these for me and he said, yep. And then my my grandson, William saw one of them, the mail and he goes, is that a fair? So that's how he got his name and then Fox, he got her name because she looks like a little fox. Oh just
SPEAKER_L: I hate
SPEAKER_R: walk
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: freedom talking me. Here she is. Oh yeah, she's a she's she thinks she's the you can't really see him there so black. Um
SPEAKER_L: I can't
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: sing
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: it A
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: five
SPEAKER_R: you go. Okay, so wait, Stop,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Stop,
SPEAKER_L: I am
SPEAKER_R: Stop.
SPEAKER_L: working.
SPEAKER_R: I'm teaming up my tails. one. Yeah, they're babies. They're they don't really like um like they're afraid of everything because they're inside dogs but they love people like they'll bark when people come here. But I'm like they're just excited. They're not they're not they don't ever fight but they don't like other dogs are terrified. Like
SPEAKER_L: Uh They don't know maybe they don't know, maybe they think they're people
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I don't know what they think. There's
SPEAKER_L: I'm a people to.
SPEAKER_R: one of the things I read about these dogs is there hard to train and uh they bark incessantly sometimes. So um I was just sitting on the bed about a week ago, one of them barked up the window and I was like, I cannot spend all summer listening to you park. So I found an app on the phone go, okay then unplug me. And they have a dog whistle app, you know the dog training whistle. And you can set it to whatever frequency they hate. And so you know, it's really good because before they would bark like for minutes at a time, even if I told him to stop and now I just tap the thing
SPEAKER_L: mom
SPEAKER_R: on the phone and I'll say no and to be like, we hate that sound. And I mean it doesn't really hurt them, you know, it's not like a shock collar, but
SPEAKER_L: it's better.
SPEAKER_R: so the, oh, the frequency I set a timer for us for 25 minutes. Okay. Okay. Well, it's just, it's just 5 29. But um, but yeah, so it works if anybody needs a thing to get their dogs to stop barking, tell them there's an app for that and it works really well.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: great. I've never heard of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I don't know what made me think of it. I just probably, I was playing with my phone and thought, I wonder if there's an app for that. But well, I'm glad I got to talk to you. I'm sorry. It's so hot where you are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't even want to think about places where it's cooler because I can't go
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: know? No, I know, but, well, I hope you stay safe from the coronavirus too.
SPEAKER_L: I think we both had it now so maybe we'll be all right but I hope you and
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: your family due to it was nice
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to talk to you too. Bye for now.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.