Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What we need to get more money? Okay. Right that's what I'm going to have to.
can you hear me?
I've got a cat that's gonna want out because she just ate so she might be on my head in a minute I don't know.
Oh what kind of dogs do you have?
All
Poor baby.
I had a bunch of dogs in our house burned down and none of the dogs were hurt or anything but they're down on the property where we lived before and we go take care of them every day because it's not about a mile from here but we've got cats here because they started
showing up and I started feeding them. So now I've got a bunch of cats and a bunch of dogs and when
I move
somewhere in I've got I'm gonna have to combine them, that's not gonna be
good.
barn cats?
see that's what
I call my mom is like what are you gonna do with all these cats when we get a place and we have to move and we have two dogs and I'm like I hope they can be barn cats. I hope we get some place with a bar, she's like keep dreaming.
What?
I am. I live in Georgia.
I live
right, I live right outside of Athens. I
grew
up in Atlanta though. Yeah,
we live in a place called Hull which is like five miles outside of Athens but nobody knows where it's at.
Well.
Yeah. I lived in Fort Walton for a while when I was a kid.
it's right next to Destin, which is kind of like where richie rich people go. Yeah.
that's
Okay.
Yeah. Well, everybody here has got to where it's kind of remote or like five miles outside of Athens, but everybody started ordering food because you know, you can't go anywhere. You get tired of the same old food and they used to deliver food out here and now every day you see the little food people delivery cars driving up. So you've got people that are delivering food that are earning money, which
is, it's not that great of job, but and you've got the people that are working in the restaurants that, you know make a little money, so at least they're staying employed. Mhm.
and
you know.
No. Yeah
actually it's getting bad again.
it's not I think my mom just had it. She was just sick. I was sick three or four weeks ago but we haven't had tests and um you know we were both pretty sick but I'm with her all the time. She's visually impaired so I would have thought if I had it should have caught it a lot quicker. But but she was sick last night and she's doing a lot better today. But yeah it's bad here but the desks are lessening. Um And younger people are getting is is what they're saying that the 130 people that work at G. A. Have it right now and and it's not really even in school right now they they're letting some employees work but um some but they opened the bars like two weeks ago and there was a girl on the news that goes to U. G. A. She's a junior and she's like yeah we didn't wear face coverings and now we know because she caught it and just bunches of people caught it when they opened the bars down there.
How?
Well
my mom she has trouble breathing and when we first started doing the mask thing it was difficult to get her to be able to wear a mask. But I finally got some good mass that that you can breathe in.
Well
my name is Jill it's nice to meet you.
Oh I love it it's fun. I've not gotten one I didn't like. Okay.
there
yes. She wants out. She'll probably
get on top of my head in a minute.
Well actually right now I don't know if you can tell I've got air conditioning on but I'm perspiring.
It is about I think it's about 95 degrees outside. And the heat indexes it's not super
high. Yesterday the heat index was around 100 so it's probably the heat indexes around 97 98
I'm just trying to wait to let her out. She doesn't know I mean, you know so
but
she there's woods right behind us and she goes back there when I went to get to
feed her while ago she was way down in the bushes so she's staying somewhere cool out there. But I was trying to wait till it cooled off a little in about four hours.
it's
hot here
Think
I've never been anywhere I was born in Washington D. C. But I've never been anywhere north you know really north out of the south and um you know I was like I don't know if I could live up north but it sure is a lot cooler up there you know that's a selling point.
See
I like
snow I like I like it when it snows here like once a year twice a year like 3" on the ground and everybody has rex because they're not used to driving in it. Northern people make fun of us. They close the schools you know so it's
it's funny.
And left.
what do you teach?
that's kind
of like it it's here but and in Athens they riot but here they don't
Yeah I remember even when Occupy Wall Street was the big thing, I'm 50 now. Well I'll be 50 in October so but even you
know
10 years ago I was like I was ready to go out and support that and they had a big occupy thing in Athens and um I was supporting that and that wasn't even that long ago. So
I'm worried about because of the pandemic and
here in Georgia the heats a problem. I'm like I'm not going out and supporting anything in this heat, they
provide me air conditioner, I'll go
I've
always
heard
about the at the altitude, makes it difficult to breathe there too, so that would be yours.
I'm
getting
batted in the head.
Let
me
help. She doesn't know. I mean she knows she'll probably go in the woods, but she, I don't know. It's not good for her to be out there when it's this hot it
can
be,
you've got a fur coat on,
she
said
so
there's
bark at him,
Hi,
we've got some down on our property. There's some Akita puppies. Well, they're mixed. Yeah,
they look like little teddy bears.
They've
got four coats onto though
our neighbors brought in the key to and set it loose out there and that's why the dogs over there sometimes come up with Akita puppies, part Akita puppies. Oh, cute but
up and
they're
like oh we love those, let us have one.
No.
I had
a chihuahua once and I loved him so much. His name was bingo, he's a little white chihuahua and he literally shook all the time because he was oh gosh I love little dogs.
that's what my mom used to say, she's like I don't like to watch because they have an attitude and there yeah but then we got bingo and she's like okay I like to go
I've never had a Pomeranian I think my aunt had one and it was name was Pandey and then Pandey something happened to Pandy and then she got another one and named it Pandey. She always
named him pop handy.
I hate
it.
I can't
sing
it A
five
so
I am
working.
Uh They don't know maybe they don't know, maybe they think they're people
I'm a people to.
mom
it's better.
That's
great. I've never heard of that.
Yeah I don't even want to think about places where it's cooler because I can't go
there.
I think we both had it now so maybe we'll be all right but I hope you and
your family due to it was nice
talking to you.
Bye.