Hi.
Good, how are you?
Have a, have a stopwatch going here?
Well. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. What,
sorry, what was your name?
Corey, I'm Milan,
nice to meet you too.
Uh Yeah, it's uh not too bad, still pretty kind of early here. Just
one. Where are you located? Are you West coast?
I see, it's one o'clock here. I'm in um I'm in Los Angeles, so, yep. Yeah.
Yeah, just about, how's your day going?
what are you thinking about for for dinner?
I don't
I'm sorry, it sounds fancy though.
What
is it
there?
What?
Does
it
make it juicy
I've got to try that. Never heard of it.
just gonna get smoothie after this. Maybe you pick up, pick up something to eat some salmon and feeling.
I go for pina coladas if any place has them, that's usually what I'll go for.
that sounds amazing. I need to have a peanut cloud of snow cone. Uh huh I've heard texas who are barbecue, is that like, that's that's where I need to go.
What part of what part of texas are you in?
and
brisket,
I wouldn't
even try
it.
Absolutely, that sounds incredible. Barbecue out here is like not great I food and generals if he out here
definitely have a wide variety but um was actually born and raised in Chicago, so going from Chicago food, which means like a pretty foodie city, Los Angeles, it's pretty crazy, there's a bigger emphasis on, you know, more health food here and then Chicago, it's a lot lot more
why?
I think I've I think I've heard of that
and
what's your favorite,
what's your favorite favorite kind of food? Uh huh.
Yeah, that's how I'd be, my, my boyfriend is less picky luckily, but I'm I'm probably the one who is like that in the relationship, just judge you. But I mean I like, I like good food so got
high
standards.
Um I think I, I think I might like a tie
between italian and chinese. I really love chinese food. So good.
Like
fried rice dumplings. Amazing.
I have a lot much.
Are you, are you into spicy food then? Little bit.
I can't handle any spice
at
all.
My friend did the uh
head on my college campus, like the ghost pepper challenge. Yeah.
That one note she
had to, she had just came right back up, but uh huh. Not a good time for anyone.
me
too.
Yeah.
No.
I could definitely, yeah,
no, I could never eat anything
before running doing cross country. Yeah, that would happen. Gosh,
what was that?
So, um what are you, what are you doing these times, covert times you're like in school, are you working still or?
Go.
much. I've just been challenged. I graduated um college
back in december of last year,
so, yep, waiting to start grad school in january. So
it's been relaxing this year.
It's fun. Covid year.
if
thanks.
Um an undergrad, I did information systems grad school. I'll be doing computer
science.
Little fun
stuff.
news
from college.
yeah, absolutely. I, um, I've been here and like the military has a lot of really cool
and unique um job opportunities and like tech, I've been kind of looking at, my boyfriend comes from a military family so
he's pretty interested in during the military too and I think he's trying to go for like the space so do something with the space program or
something.
Yeah, it sounds really cool. What what part of the military were
you in?
Uh
One of my best friends from Air Force family, nah, they're they're fun family. His
dad does like
law for
for the Air Force and he's just told so many interesting stories, like the craziest one was like he had um he was defending a press or a pilot who I brought an escort with him and
I was like a big
thing
but
got him off so
it's really cool.
So that kind of job.
Before,
you have to burnin slashing
my friend's dad is the same way. Yeah.
Very, very funny.
what was that?
Hopefully uh
they're two avenues. I'm thinking about either data
just like helping businesses decide what choice to make next to maximize profits or I'm trying to do something with like crime and machine learning would be ideal for me like trying
to see patterns in behavior patterns in crimes areas, that kind of thing.
too much.
It's
our,
my
I think
it's,
I think it's hard without um her harder without the whole college structure. I definitely wouldn't have been able to learn it that well, but I just went through so many classes where I had, you know enough time and experience to be able to like fail with the code constantly and then learn
again.
Be able to ask yeah. Ask that like Professor specifically. So ah
that
it's the only thing that really helped and then just time things just started to click like a year after I learned it and I'm like, oh, that finally makes sense.
Absolutely. Yeah. Got about 10 ish.
How long have you been on prolific?
Very
new.
I've only
Yeah. I've never had any success with like almost any other
uh website outside of like the user testing types of websites
husband.
And validate lee. That's a really
good one. Um get a good amount of money from them. But I've been on prolific for like two months, three, you know, two months now. So thank God. Pretty well. Great website. Mhm.
I use Firefox, the assistant.
it's so useful.
Yeah. And then just wait for it and I run, I bought
to my computer.
They do and I hate
that so much.
huh. Oh, you got in uh Sometimes if I like spam the button, even if it's at zero places and I stand the reserve thing, I'll get through and that's the crazy
I didn't know that before, but it works. Mm been getting uh this is definitely one of the better
studies I've gotten.
it's
this
is your second one.
This
is
this is the second time I've had a conversation, but the first one did show up. Thank God.
come on.
Exactly. It's just easy money.
Not as much, I find that I just get shin splints too much. Yeah,
but
yep. And then Covid doesn't help at all.
Oh God. Yeah, I don't know if I'd be able to get back into it at this point,
yeah,
no good
that's
I was gonna say that be crazy, Yeah,
that's incredible.
I've been mostly just using um
like just body workouts, bodyweight workouts, um I just got back into working out, I used to be really big into gymnastics and that kept me so fit, so ripped, so I never thought about it, and uh I was still kind of like fit from gymnastics for a while, but then I just got completely out of shape and uh picked up the body weight workouts about a month or two ago and it's so hard at first, like I could not get through 10 minutes of working out with my own body weight, but now it's going a lot better, it's still rough, but finally finally starting to feel stronger,
sit,
it
helps with gymnastics because everyone is so short, we're all, we're also short so it's like, it's so easy to just get really bulky.
Yeah.
yeah, they're
huge huge guys and they get to do like the fun gymnastics routines for me, like they get the rings and then they get the the horse, I forgot what it's called, but you know when they're just spinning around on their hands. But yeah
now
yeah, I guess I'd be surprised but a lot of uh like olympic centers are in very random places like, well Utah I understand there's quite a few in park city but that's for like winter sports but there's some in Wyoming, pretty random. Mhm
I just,
yeah, I just don't want the tornadoes in
case.
think Pretty, pretty interesting ones. But
that's what I was thinking. Hurricanes must be awful over in texas.
that's
awful.
Yeah, all I gotta deal with out here is earthquakes and
you feel that
we had one not too long ago that it's pretty crazy. It shook shook things uh pretty violently but apparently that's life here.
I always just always describe it as like a really aggressive water but Uh huh.
Uh huh.
It feels good though in a weird way, feels soothing in a weird way. Yeah, but
also alarming.
now Chicago never had to deal with like pretty much anything in terms of natural
nope nothing.
lived in a small town for my for my college southern Illinois and it was certainly such a huge difference. Uh
going from such a big city to the very, very small small town. But it was also kind of nice having this like little insular area, a little small group of people that you all kind of have things in common and everything, but
no,
that is true.
Absolutely,
Absolutely. I think I
think we've met
the
it was fantastic talking to you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Mhm.
You too, So yeah.