Okay, how's
it going?
Pretty good.
Yeah, it's about the timeline to
Okay.
All my name is Gloria, what's your name?
Corey,
nice to meet you Milan.
Yeah. Uh so how's your day been? You've been doing all right?
What?
I'm in texas or three and quite here? Yeah.
It's about lunchtime man.
Um it's going alright. I haven't really done a whole lot, I got to do the dishes after this, but and I'm and I'm gonna start cooking getting but other than that, I haven't really been a whole lot today.
Uh I got some chicken thought out so I don't know if you know a lot about cooking, but I gotta I gotta suvit cooker
now.
It's really cool.
Kind of like,
like
cooking it in like a pot of water, it's regulated to like a very specific temperature and so you cook it in there for it takes longer to cook
since it's and water, but it's like a lower temperature. We cook it at like 1 40 or 1 50 for about an hour and it
comes
up.
Mm. Yeah, it doesn't dry it out at all because there's no like open flame or anything, there's no excessive heat. So it's like good. Just checking out every, it's awesome.
What do you got planned for the rest of the day? No.
Sounds good. Seven, what kind of smooth, what's your favorite kind of smoothie?
We don't really have smoothies down here, but we got, yeah, we have a snow cones, peak audit bigger flavor. Still bill.
I'm a big barbecue guy. I love to barbecue.
I'm down on the coast. I'm in a little town called port Lavaca. Really small compared to L. A. It's really small but it's like a medium sized town I guess. I've definitely smaller places. But yeah, down here um the barbecue down here is different than barbecue and like Kansas city
or north Carolina where they still have really good music you but down here we really like to focus on um the brisket and the beef barbecue. I just feel like
they're harder and longer to cook and they're a lot easier to mess up. Like we do pork down here. It's just like they do in Kansas city in north Carolina and you know, it's pretty, it's not hard to do that, but it's super easy, especially starting out for people to mess up brisket or beef ribs or you know any. Yeah. So
let's
let's
take this apart from.
Oh really? In L. A. It is. I feel like we're really wide for i food up there.
Yeah. Yeah, I can see that for sure. Um I lived in like Oklahoma like my whole life and so not much in Oklahoma really as far as foodies
food wise. Um But down here next as I had the chance to try, I think it was called the Hello guys.
Yeah, it was like really good. I don't remember what kind of food exactly, but it's
it was my first time trying like a different cultures food and it was really good. Yeah, I mean
other than mexican food obviously.
I gotta go with barbecue just because I like to barbecue a lot. And so I'm kind of like a an elitist when it comes to barbecue anytime we go out to you barbecue is judging it. My girlfriend superman. I mean, she's like it's good food. Leave it alone.
Was here
from
the victory.
Mhm.
Very
good.
So yeah, I also like Cajun food. I like to get
jambalaya and then I'll get like this little side dish of gumbo and then I'll pour the gumbo and then my so good. Yeah.
What?
I
don't
want any of the challenges. Um Those are
Yeah.
What?
It's alive.
Yeah. One time when I was in high school I was on the cross country team, you may know
if
you are now, but I uh huh
and then one day I had, because I right before I went out on a run I had a whole habanero and super hot and so I drank some milk to try to get rid of the didn't really help a whole lot of it, like immediately afterwards I went on a run for some reason.
Good idea. But I like violently kicked everywhere way through my right, wow.
Mhm.
Well
more by
Mhm. I just said it's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Um
I'm just kinda uh huh. I kind of got my own thing going. I've been like trading stocks, I quit my job trading stocks and so every now and then I'll do like a side hustle like surveys or whatever, have a little extra cash. But because you know the stock market it doesn't always get your way, but you know it's been a few months I've been doing this so doing alright, managed to move in with my girlfriend. We're looking at moving house.
What about you? What have you been up to? What?
Yes.
It's awesome.
Press school.
Whoa,
Yeah. All right. 2020 easy. I think. It's cool. I don't know. I never went to college. Um I joined the military but I always thought college. I don't know. I I always I would have a hard time in college. I feel like because I
had a hard time in high school because I don't know, I just don't like the formality. I love to learn, but I don't
like how formal it is and you know, deadlines and there's like no forgiveness if you miss a deadline. I mean, so what's your way through?
that's
cool. I used to
I got
it. I was I was I. T. In the military, I was systems technician, so I just did end user devices. And then when
I got out I became a system
administrator so I was pretty cool. We're kind of kind of on the same page here.
Okay.
Whoa
this
order it's so cool. I got out before I started having to be so cool.
I
mean I was in the Air Force, I did four years in the Air Force. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Whoa
what?
Well
Just
on
that
sounds about right.
The pilots think they can just do whatever they want.
When
I was deployed we had uh I was on a small really small compound and we had a lawyer, it was an army lawyer. They're called Jags. We had a Jag with us to ensure that our operations, they were all lawful and we were following everything by the book. And so he came up to me one day and he was having problems with his computer is a really small compound and I was kind of the lead technician on the compound. And so he came up to me one day after after I had just gotten out of work. I think it was on my way to child and he said hey I've been having problems with my computer. You know is there, it's just really slow. It's not rooting up. I don't remember what he said but basically he was like you think you can take a look at it and I can pay you because it's my personal computer. So we knew that he had to pay us a visit. Personal computer we couldn't use us is like military assets to look at his personal computer. And I was like yeah sure. I didn't really, I wasn't worried about getting paid for it or anything. I was like, yeah sure whatever, keep your money or whatever. I don't I don't need, it is nothing to spend it on out here anyway. So what's the point? And he's like, oh no, well I have to pay you but okay. And he brought his computer over and I looked up and I got was checking it out and I determined it was hard drive failure. They kept popping up with a blue screen and the the error code and the blue screen went into harder. So I've told it to him, I told that to him and it took maybe 30 minutes to diagnose. And I went to give him his computer back and I was like, you know, it's hard drive failure to me 30 minutes to figure it out and I don't want you to pay me anything, anything. He's like, oh no, I have to. And so he gave me like 20 bucks and I tried giving him his computer back and he's like, oh, just smash it or burn it or whatever.
And I was like, man, you got tons of money, Huh? You just swap out the hard drive. Mm.
Yeah. Yeah. The Jags row is just so funny to me because they never really appeared to be worried about money or like, you know, any more problems. They just Oh,
Oh,
we're going to do it.
What are you planning on doing after college? Exactly?
Or
Well, yeah. Oh
Walk.
That's like a data scientist. Right, okay.
Well, I've looked into that. I don't know. I've never been really to get a good grasp on programming. Like I can do
scrutiny
with shells, shell and whatever. But um yeah, python, I've just never been able to get down. I've never really looked into any other programming languages because I just feel like python
is probably the easiest, so I can't get, it's like uh maybe
I
keep trying, but maybe one day it'll just finally click for me and no.
The
rapid.
Let
me
Yeah. Maybe I look into like some online classes or something. That would be cool. Yeah.
10 ish. Why don't we talk about now? Yeah.
Yeah. Um this is like my second we grew, it's
not
being on him. Uh
I don't know, I feel like prolific is like a parent survey taking side just because like educational, I tried swag bucks or whatever it is, It's like a junkie surveys.
Whoa.
Yeah. That's what
I need a, I need to finish my my registration for that. Mhm.
What?
awesome. I got to use chrome.
Yeah. What? I was gonna say I
go watch tv.
I
do not go so quick.
I
got a one earlier. There was only like two spots left. I was so surprised I got.
kinda. Yeah.
Well
yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. This was pretty cool. I think it was what like 20 bucks or whatever for folk was a little worried the first time when my my person didn't um they didn't show up for me. So our second
scheduled interview
I guess.
Yeah. Well the second time I've tried to have a conversation with somebody, my
friend's
career like this, but.
cool cool cool. I was worried I was fighting, I was like man that's like 20 bucks. I mean that's for just a
lot of money.
Okay so you still run or?
Yeah
I run all the time. And so obviously in high school and then obviously in the Air Force but then when I got out is this kind of like a relaxation period for me, I just didn't wanna didn't want to do anything so I didn't run for and kind of got out of hand where I didn't do any exercise for like. Mhm. Went on about three years now, it was meant to be like a month or whatever off. You know how it goes.
Yeah I've been trying lately but it is so hard to get back into running so.
especially I mean I've got to be consistent and like motivate but I used to have a job where that um system administrator job, I didn't really have any time, or I was very busy all the time, so I was eating fast food like twice a day, I didn't really have time to cook. Okay.
Yeah, and I didn't have time to work out. Obviously I was drinking uh maybe four cans of soda a day just to try to stay away and stay motivated. So over like two or three years, it's been terrible on me, so I don't drink any soda now. No faster
curtain. I've lost like 40 40 to £50 in the last month,
six months, not one. That'd be crazy.
All right now in the last six months I've lost like 40 to £50 and it's
still just so hard for me to get back in the running even after I that's so much healthy. It's still crazy, but
Well,
I always thought gymnastics was so cool. I thought it was cool because I got guys, all the gymnastics guys are ripped. I was like, oh, like that one day I never got like that, but I still think it would be so cool to do gymnastics
or even like Children reading like,
but
Yeah. Yeah,
I always thought that was so who I always I don't know, I knew like when I was a kid that people picked on mel jim this, but I was like, we pay what, why are we picking on all like it looks like it'll rip my head off,
like
yeah. I always saw gymnastics looks like a lot of fun, but we don't really
have many gymnastics places in Oklahoma, so
well, in the middle of nowhere. Huh. Yeah. I always thought it'd be cool to live in like Wyoming or Montana or you could just
like five miles and not see anybody. Yeah.
they're funny
there. Yeah.
I get a lot of tornadoes as well. Get a lot of tornadoes in Oklahoma now that I moved down to the coast we got hit with, I think three hurricanes so far. Okay.
tornadoes are bad because like when they hit somewhere they completely tear that spot up, but then they'll leave like places across the street like untouched, basically. It's really hitting with the tornadoes, but
with
hurricanes, it's just everything. Yeah.
I used to live in, I've been through a couple, my family moved around a lot growing up and I lived in reno Nevada. There is a comfortable
couple little earthquake sarah, nothing too crazy. That's really cool.
How it's like the wave, you can feel it like a wave so
Exactly.
Yeah.
Kind of like
in the eye of the hurricane, it's all calm, it's like kind of kind of relaxing just for a few minutes and it's weird because you know that there's more to come but it's like,
you didn't have any natural disasters up there
Yeah, I've been thinking lately about moving kind of north. I'm not moving but it was just visiting for like a week or so just just so I can kinda, I feel like what it's like to be closer to like cities or you know, a bigger civilization than small town all we've got down here. Yeah.
Oh
But at the same time like we don't even have an Applebee's or chilies out here anything.
So I wonder how how cool it would be to just lie, walk out to your apartment and just walk down the street to like somebody eat
in the early cruel. But again, I don't know, I like I like the land and I like being able to have land and not worry about neighbors so much. So I don't think I want to move somewhere up there, but I'd like to at least to experience it. Be cool.
Well
Well,
I think so
too. I think it's a couple of minutes over so. Yeah. Mhm.
It's nice to meet you
all right,
have a good day.