Hi,
Good, how are you?
My name is Mash.
Okay. Good question I guess. Um I don't know, this one was pretty interesting. Very unique. Haven't seen anything like it before. Um Yeah, I've done this one once before. What about you?
Yeah.
Mhm.
I think this goes back to when I was like a freshman in college, which was like about six years ago, I just like randomly stumbled upon it and then I've been using it on and off again. But then like the past summer, I guess like because of the pandemic and everything, I just had more free time, so it's just like my soul spend more time on this
and
Um well, I graduated from undergrad in 2018 with the bachelor's degree in chemistry, then I went to grad school for education and I'm currently a chemistry teacher in high school.
Yeah,
I'm teaching
her ability.
I mean, I'm definitely grateful that just because I'm more of a tech savvy person, I'm not having as much difficulty with it, but definitely like we're still like teachers are still allowed to go into like the physical school building, so on days or like I'm allowed to go in, I would record whatever videos I need to do for my kids for like lab assignments and then have them watch the videos and just analyze those.
forms. Yeah.
Yeah.
definitely like last year it was a disaster just because like it just came out of nowhere. We had no plan for any of this. So that was a big challenge. But like this school year it's a bit more like well maintained just because we could prepare, like we knew this was coming and like all this like new, like during the summer, all this like education software just like came out just for like teachers and school districts to use. And it's been like super helpful where like you're doing live classes with your kids and they're like following along on an app on their phone, answering questions and you can display them live everything. So it's not like
a really cool way to keep them engaged.
So I used the standard like google classroom, like pretty much most schools I'm assuming use that. And then within that they have like the little video chat called google meet and then I'm presenting like my power point presentation to them. And then they're using this app called Pear Deck. Where at the beginning of class they like log on either clicking a link or like using like a six letter code. And then if I change the slide it changes the slide for them on their device. And then if there's like a multiple choice question on the screen, they answer it. And then you can see like how many percent thought it was. Choice, a how many thought it was? Choice be like all these other great engagement tools and everything.
It's
a, it's a mix of nine through 12. Yeah.
Yeah, I would definitely say so just because like with in person learning, like the kids are in the classroom and they're working, but then when you're working from home, there's like a million things that can come up when you're at home. And like the kids do email me like, oh hey, like I have like some family related issue or something like that. Or like I had to like take care of my little sibling and stuff like that. Like these normal normally would not come up in a regular school year, but since they're at home, they do have to take on this responsibility. So they have been a bit more open about that I guess. Like, the downside would be just because like, I'm totally fine with them not having like their webcams on and everything. Like I'm not the kind of teacher that would want to enforce anything like that. But it has made it hard to like learn their individual personalities unless they're like typing into the chat while I'm teaching. So like if we were to ever go back to in person learning like in the next couple of months or something, if everything calms down, it would just be like, I had to relearn everybody because like, I don't have like a face to any of these names I've been seeing.
definitely.
I could think of a few examples or like I've had like students last year girls that were like really, really quiet like they did the work bright kids and then like when we switched to online learning, they were like so active and chatty and it was just like I didn't know you were like this. Uh huh.
interesting.
that sounds really
I feel like I've seen a few tv shows I think during the pandemic, like they made like those kind of episodes or it's just like the main characters are just like video chatting and everything. I thought I was like a creative way of like filming during a pandemic. Yeah.
Well I've known this before, the pandemic. Like if I'm being honest, like the, I love the teaching aspect of the job, but like the whole politics of like working with the administration and all that is definitely like always been a roadblock and like I always feel like they generally don't give the support that we want and then when they do it's like for something we didn't ask for. Like, oh here's this additional program were like mandatory using this one instead of making your life a bit more inconvenient because we want this because it helps us out, even though it might make things a bit more difficult for you. Or like if they come into like asking for what do we need? It's like a little bit, we kind of figured out what we need at this point.
So I'm located in new york city and luckily we have like the strongest teacher union. So like they provide a lot of support in that regard. And in regards to chemistry, I know like the way it operates in New york city is that like biology is like a mandatory class and you have to pass like the, we call it the regents exam, which is like the final exam for the kids. But in chemistry luckily it's not mandatory, it's optional. So like the kids in my class are
like
the kids.
the kids who want to be here. So like I'm grateful for that. So
in that
regard like and I've also noticed with like administration like they're not science people so when they come to observe me or anything like that, it's not
like they understand what's going on. Yeah.
I've heard of the rubber room before. Um is this like a specific podcast just like documenting what goes on there?
Yeah. Now it's virtual from what I understand. They're just
in
the rubber room at home. Yeah.
I know right. Like even before the pandemic when I heard about the rubber room, which is like you go in there for eight hours and do nothing, sign me up.
Mhm.
I can imagine just like, because I teach five classes, it's all the same content just doing it after like three periods in a row. It's just like, Oh man, like I want a new lesson right now. Like I I can't do this but
for 32 years that's like ridiculous.
Like
the
work environment.
Uh definitely like in my first year it was kind of rough just because it's like your first year and everything like that. And I'm like the type of person who like takes a while to warm up to people. So like by my second year is when like I started like finding my groove with like my coworkers and everything. We started getting along really well. And then like my job satisfaction, like went through the roof just like,
it felt nice to come into Oregon, like have friends there versus like the first year and it was just like myself. So like, yeah, like I look at them as like some of my good friends now, which is great, like makes the job much more enjoyable.
Whoa.
It's a
There's nothing.
I
just know.
Well,
thanks.
Yeah. All right. Yeah.
Um
definitely
like back in March, I was like, like there's a hospital near where I live and it just felt like a war zone just like looking at it and everything and it was just like very scary like we were on the hardest hit places, but like now it seems like it's the opposite now for the rest of the country feels like the hardest hit place and like, like we kind of have it together now, which is great, like you still have to go out with masks and everything, but it feels much more safe like when I went out in March and then like, just like making like a quick grocery run or something in the back of my mind, like the anxiety got, so I was like, oh no, this is it, like I finally got it, but like now like I'm so cautious about that anxiety has gone now, even going into the school building And seeing my coworkers and stuff like that. It feels like it's just a lot safer now. And like with like the news headline yesterday at the vaccine having like a 90% effectiveness. Right? It's great. And also I found out that like the governor like released like the tier list of like the phases for the potential vaccine teachers come right after healthcare
workers, which is great. Yeah.
Yeah. It's it's just ridiculous how like this is like always been the case, but the pandemic is really like amplified how ridiculous people are.
Yeah. That's the thing about this
like
we like our in our own bubbles that will never ever fully understand how these people operate and how they think because they're so like separated from our like lives and point of views. It's crazy.
You see.
Because
damn
it.
Well
uh huh Well according to him, he hasn't lost yet. He still
thinks he's
there.
Not with family and friends, luckily, but this school year one of my students, it's like a trump supporter. Yeah.
So like
that was
like a whole like
phone
call home. Yeah. It's just like okay, like I don't understand your politics. You are allowed to have them like you can have
your opinion but like don't bring that aggressive attitude into this classroom and like had to call off the parents and like the mom was like really understanding on my side and she was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. like he does this all the time, His little sister is like a democrat and he bullies her. I'm just like, oh my goodness.
It was like the first day of classes, like virtual classes and we were just doing like icebreaker activities and stuff like that. And then like he was just like, it was just like ice breakers are like what fun thing did you do over quarantine? And like he had response like oh I came out, I was like a trump supporter, I made people crime just like what is the need for this aggression right now.
Oh that's so nice.
that's
so great.
Yeah. Or like
if
anything
Or
like even similar, just like lean against the wall or something or absolutely nothing is there? Yeah.
Well in new york city like at the beginning of the pandemic in March there was like you can request like an ipad from the Department of Education so that puts them on that as equal footing. But and then I know like internet providers who are providing like a one month or two months of like free internet because of the pandemic. But like now it's just like people didn't think it would go on for this long and they can't hold those free promises. So like now it's like up to the kids or whatever and like if they need wifi they can come to school. But even then the school like I was never that good to begin with.
Yeah. And like you have to keep the windows open for ventilation is ridiculous.
Yeah.
Cruz.
Okay.
What?
boy.
Yeah. I've had like my seniors like reach out to me for recommendations if I like their seniors now and I thought them previously and like they've told me like like S. A. T. S. Or whatever exams are like waved for the time being. So I guess that works in their favor. But like yeah it's like kind of hard to showcase your abilities to college if like your final years or just like remote. And it's like not really many experiences you can talk about in your essays.
What
time?
Yeah
No.
it's
been I think 35 now. Yeah. Time flies.
You too.
You too have
a good one.