Hello?
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good. My name is Lana, what's your name?
Cool. Nice to meet you wish. So what brings you to these interesting experiment?
I've done this one once before but it was with a group at the beginning so I'm not sure exactly
what it's really just having a conversation. Right, Did I miss something for you? Okay, so okay, so I I've been with prolific, I've been doing mainly the surveys for God
about two or 3 years now. How did how did you hear about prolific?
Absolutely. What what is your what are you studying?
What's your field of? Uh
Oh very good. Oh my gosh, so are you teaching remotely or what what are you doing now? Oh
my
that's
kind of a challenge. It's like are you cooking things up in your kitchen or like how do you how do you do how do you function without uh you know, a classroom lab set up?
Oh I see. So you don't you don't do it like um what not? It's a synchronous, they do it when they can and Okay. And then you're doing like, are you doing tests like through google docs or like what? Okay.
Okay. And
how are you finding the kids are getting on? Are they are they is there a lot of uh you know fritter away or you know our grades dropping? Are they getting better? How's it going?
Bryant.
Okay. Can I ask what platform are you using? I've been an online teacher for like six years, but it's been mainly 1 to 1 in small groups for language, you know, language acquisitions, but not, you know, I haven't dealt with, you know, a whole classroom for a year with with grades and hell, that's a lot of responsibility. What what platform are you using?
nice. Okay. So it's, it's a, it sounds like the game show, you know, like family feud, like 40% of the audience said tomato. So, you know, with, with chemistry, I, You know, obviously you think of now, are you like nine through 12 or 10 through 12 or
you doing?
Mhm. Um Yeah. Mhm. Have you just out of curiosity? I mean, this is not my business, but I'm just curious. Have you discovered anything about your students that you wouldn't have known before? Because in a way through email communication and instant messaging, they may feel more open to talk to you about things then they would otherwise,
That's true, that's true. And, you know, students act differently when, you know, they're surrounded by their peers, uh you know, a lot differently. Do you find that the girls have have um are more engaged with the online learning than they might have been in class, or?
I Yeah,
there was a great, you know, that reminds me of, I don't know if you've seen it, it's a it's a great movie and I think it was called searching and it's about this fellow, he's a widower, and he's got a teenage daughter who becomes kind of withdrawn and they've developed this relationship where it's much easier to talk to each other through text messages and, you know, memes and this kind of like fuzzy techno thing. Anyway, she goes missing and he has to find her. And what's fascinating about it is that I think the director used to work for google and
they did the entire movie as webcam emails, instant messaging. There's no like kind of live action, you never actually see anybody except through a lens, through the lens of the, you know, the thing. And, and the guy, the guy said, oh yeah, you know, kind of shot it in my apartment and we used our iphones and I mean it's really fast if you can get a hold of it. It's, I really recommend it was just a fascinating
exercise. Yeah, because they do like these kind of, you know, let's let's meet in a google hangout or you know, or let's let's face time and you see the father, he's like, you know, all I really know about her is that she's online a lot, but I have no idea who she's talking to, what she's talking about. And you know, you find out she's much different than, you know, than he thought. So. So really, it's a really good film. Oh,
exactly. So, um, how is your school district been about supporting you as a teacher and you know, how is it kind of like, well I'll figure it out, good luck, you know just standards or have they really been engaged? How have they, have they stepped up to help or what?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah exactly, it's like too little too late, wow. You know, I'll tell you what, I have a background in um private education and teaching in private schools, but also teaching adults, business people, that kind of thing. You couldn't pay me all the money in the world to get into public schools. I mean like oh my God that the stuff that teachers are being asked to do and not even being asked, they're being told and expected and held accountable for doing that was never part of the job description. Never. It's I can't think of any teacher who said, you know the reason I got into teaching was because of you know core curriculum really into that. I just love that you know, I love me meeting these benchmarks and milestones. I mean it's really, really great. Are they has your, I don't know what state you're in but but has your state, I don't know, some states have like they're super uptight about, You know, everybody being on this, this or that level or as a chemistry teacher, are you kind of away from that because most chemistry beyond 9th grade is elective isn't it? Or is it, does your school have four years of science that's required or how many years?
these
are
high flyers. Yeah.
that's
great.
Like
right there like well they were they were writing things down and we're quiet so I guess they're learning fine. Oh I was gonna ask, oh by the way, if you have never, you've probably heard of this, but if you haven't go to NPR dot org and then search this american life and then search new york city, the rubber room.
Well the, this american life is a weekly series that's been going on for a bazillion years on NPR it was one episode that covered the rubber room specifically and they profiled a couple of teachers who were stuck in it. It was fascinating. I, I couldn't believe this but I understand it still exists.
it's
french.
my God. Okay, where do I sign up?
Yeah, I know you can do it in the comfort of your own home. Okay, that's that's good. Yeah, it was, it was really strange. And then they had this other thing where recently they had an episode about it was kind of like a parallel thing. These musicians got the most coveted gig in new york, which was to be the pit orchestra for phantom of the opera. And they signed a contract that said quite clearly your job will go on until the show finishes its run. Okay.
So you have people who have been there for like phantom is the longest running show ever on Broadway. And so it went on for something like 32 years before the pandemic stopped it. And you had these people whose job it was was to come in. We're the same thing, sit the same place, play the same music exactly the same way night after night after night after night and two, you know, two shows on saturday or something like this and they just profiled all these musicians about, you know what what was that like to do this? A lot of them went a bit cuckoo uh huh
or
I know, I know and they're like, yeah, I just and you know, some people would they would target, they would target each other as an outlet, you know what I mean? They make one other orchestra member into the villain. Somebody else would come in and he was so sick of it. And everybody that he would he would eat his dinner facing the wall, not talk to anybody. It was like for 30 years this is going on. And they're like we hate each other but nobody would quit because you know, you're an oboe player. What you know, what are your options in new york city? Good. So where do you enjoy the school that you work in? Do you like the like the, I don't know, the
the
school
culture. Yeah, the work environment, your other teachers, you know the, you know the, you know every school has its own feel.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. You know the turnover rate but teachers leaving and coming and going I feel is one of the worst things for any school. Like even if you have crap teachers, it's better if they stay because
disruption and disorder kids are. So, I mean I'm thinking of my, my elementary school for example,
I don't know what they did or how they did it, but somehow that little school figured out, those teachers figured out how to care about each other and they, my God, one of them, I was in like her first grade class and
That was her first
job
and she stayed there for 37 years. She loved it. And pretty much every other teacher who was there, nobody left this school. And it wasn't that it was like some fabulous,
prestigious, you know, it was just like a little neighborhood public school, nothing special about it at all. But those teachers
man, they figured it out. And if you can get good teachers that care about you and you care about them man stay with stay, it's not worth it. You know what I mean? Like don't don't go for the money, don't because if if you've got a crap work environment, that's the that's the worst. It's the worst. God.
Uh So how is how is new york? You're in new york city right, Or? Okay,
so
and Michael eyes.
Well,
Exactly. Absolutely. I that that is wonderful. I'm out in Arizona and our dear Governor Doug Ducey um rhymes with do she? You know, he really, really wants to be liked by our Orange Commander in chief. So he has always poo pooed. Obstructed, banned any kind of thing. He's in my crappy little town. The local sheriff said, oh I'm not going to enforce anything to do with having mass gatherings. Um I'm not going to enforce any mask mandates, I'm not going to do anything and neither are my sheriff's, my husband was in Safeway today and He's standing in line and there are four Fire department paramedics not wearing masks in the grocery store, all bunched up, breathing on each other, breathing on him. And finally my husband turned around he said, you know what? You ought to be ashamed of yourself, You should set a better example. There were the only ones in the dang store not wearing masks, Only one freaking paramedics dumb asses. I mean really just this is so stupid and that the people, they just like this is like super trump country. They he came into Bullhead City and you know had his crap rally which is going to be a super spreader event and sure enough, you know A week, 10 days later cases are going up and and these people are like so dumb, they think it's, they think a virus can understand I'm not afraid of, you don't violate my civil liberties. I am. It's like who or what exactly do you think you're talking to when you're saying such horseshit, it's an aerosol, it's a virus. Do you say the same thing when somebody is coughing and say they have the flu? No, you step away and you wish the hell they would cover their mouth or stay home? But no, it's just oh my God,
I don't know how we got so stupid collectively. I really, I don't know what happened, when did this happen? I really want to know when when did adults start thinking that? That was some rational argument that, you know, I'm not afraid of a virus means that they won't contract it.
I'm
not,
yeah, I can't get it. I mean I'm hearing people in the grocery store and they're like, you can tell that they're the Q. Anons
and you know, they mix in religion and you know, he's our savior.
He's
our savior
worries, save our save our Children. Hashtag should they like? Okay, so sex trafficking of kids, pizza parlors, Hillary Clinton Epstein, who by the way, has been seen photographed with the first couple on numerous occasions over the years. Uh so he's the savior. So if he's the savior, why did he
lose?
Oh that's
that's
true. Well that's true, that's true. I mean, oh my God, it's so crazy. My my husband used to work, we met when we were both living in a similar town over the state line called pahrump Nevada and he was working at a television station as their news anchor. But the people who own it are this couple that are like really big ass trump supporters and you know, and Don jr came to the parent nugget and they're like look selfie like and he looks like he's been tweaking for 72 hours straight. I mean like his eyes are like red and glassy was like, Oh my God, 2020, you know, just shit faced and he's giving this the speech and they're just like, oh my God, he's so wonderful. And the the wife of you know, so Nevada's community property. So she is an owner of this tv station. She gets on the company facebook page and does this whole spiel about uh the election was stolen. You know, the lib tardes the this that the other. And I'm like, yeah, okay, so the FCC actually has something to say about that. I mean, you're the only media outlet in this town. So for you to have a, you know, distinct political outlook that's a violation and you could lose your licence. So, I don't know, maybe I just might wait till biden gets in and drop a little letter. It's just like, like how did people get so dumb? Like they, but I was young. My mom would say, don't discuss religion, don't discuss politics, don't discuss race or sex, or how much money you make, leave all that out of it. She says, then you'll probably be pretty safe and you'll have friends keep that other stuff to yourself now, nobody keeps anything to themselves and it's just ratchet. I mean have you, have you come across any conflicts with like family or friends over the political divide or have you been lucky?
Oh what? Yeah. The danger.
This
stupid
miller
types
who?
What what was he doing? I mean like how how political is chemistry, I mean.
wow. You will cry. Oh God. Oh my God. Well there have been some interesting cases about not so much kids expressing political viewpoints, but it's brought up this whole hitherto unforeseen issue of what to what degree is the child responsible for what goes on behind him or her? So for example, you have a kid there Getting on with their work, you know, they're on task and then you see mom or dad walking by behind them in their underpants or smoking a joint or God forbid naked or I don't know doing drugs or having a beer at 10:00 AM. And what's been happening is some districts like in Wisconsin, they were making the child responsible saying you need to control your environment and the parents are like, excuse me, I didn't give you permission to come into my house, you know, virtually you have no say. And I was like, but this is so silly because really okay virtual background or in fact, I can, I can get hold on for a second. Let's see. Yeah, This was a $10, A $10 Garment Rack from walmart
and $4 worth of poster board from the dollar tree. Now we have privacy, you know what I
mean?
Like it's so easy. It's really, really easy. So uh huh I don't know it, that when I read these articles, I'm thinking why are people seeing the obvious solution,
which
is
you don't want to see naked dads but put a backdrop that's a
before.
Yeah, yeah or just, you know, just move or put a mute or whatever, but how how have your kids been doing with the digital divide, have they all had access to high speed internet, have they, have they been okay?
wow. Yeah, and it's getting colder.
God. Oh my God. Yeah, there was there was uh there was a case where these these little girls were sitting outside uh
a Taco Bell because they could have free wifi because their parents couldn't afford it, I mean they just didn't have it and they were just, and they couldn't sit in the restaurant because they weren't paying customers
and they were very poor. And mom was like well just sit us out of the parking lot by Taco Bell and they, you know, they called cps on them and it was like, oh you're negligent mother. Well I'm sorry. The mother said, look I'll I will get uh you know, I'll be dragged to court for truancy if they don't attend, what am I going to do? I get to? I don't know like we're out here in Arizona. We've got about, I'd say a quarter of the state is on tribal land and the native americans in this area. Um
You know, they're really in kind of a crap situation. I mean not only is covid hitting them, it astronomically disproportionately high rates, but they don't have the infrastructure. I mean a lot of the Nava Hos and Hopis we're talking about access to running water. You know, we're not even at, you know, where's your broadband, it's like and they're like, well, you know, don't, you know, just don't have school. So I'm at first I thought, okay, this will get sorted out in a
few months. It's a huge destruction, it's a major pain and he asked, but you know, our dear leader has decided to just punt and you know, herd immunity, we'll just figure it out. And I
really, I really do worry, I think, I think we're going to have, I think there's going to be a very long term effect between the kids who have been lucky enough to live in an urban center with this access to technology and parents who can figure it out, you know what I mean and help them and the kids who were just, you know, just blown blown out into the into dust. And I really fear for the young kids because everybody knows he's really critical developmental stages for reading and um you know functional mathematics man, it's really hard to make up second grade, you know, I mean it's really hard and and not only not only are they missing the academic stuff but they're missing the the socialization with each other and of being in class and of following routines and of you know what I mean, that that really critical structure is so important and I'm starting to get worried. What do you think, What are your kids they must be, I mean your seniors must be freaking out about college and you know, S. A. T. S. And all that.
Yeah, I've thought about that too. I mean you can't get that kind of Rhodes scholar. Well I was a civic leader and I was uh I was uh you know an oarsman or through the shot put er played lacrosse. The only thing I can think of is that they would have to do like
one
hell of an independent study. I mean like show their research abilities or show some kind of civic leadership through online organization, you know what I mean? I started a facebook page and we raise money for you know whatever that it's it's like really like digital activism. Ah mm But
there is no substitute for just getting in a room with somebody, you know what I mean? Or like leading a group or convincing a group. It's not the same to just moderate a facebook page and go That was a hostile
remark, I'm going to block you. Well, do you know how long we have to be at this for? What was it like? 25 minutes or half
an hour?
all right. We are time for it. It was so nice talking to you.
Listen, really good luck to you. I mean, God bless you for hanging in there with the public schools. Ah And tell the kids to just nine bucks at walmart will give you a rolling rack and the dollar tree. Four bucks. And they they've got privacy. Well, good luck to you. And thank you so much for everything you're doing.
How worried