SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Okay, you know? Mhm Yeah, no, everything, Yeah. Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: doing okay, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, good, I'm Williams,
SPEAKER_L: I'm a real nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you area where you located?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in uh, in Brooklyn in new york city. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: live, I live in a small town called Clarion, it's like an hour north of Pittsburgh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: have never been to Pittsburgh and I've definitely never been to your town,
SPEAKER_R: You know, I
SPEAKER_L: but here's
SPEAKER_R: used
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: to live
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: new york. Yeah, I used to live in new york when I was growing up though, my dad was active duty military, we used to, I don't know if you've heard of, it's called Greece new york, It's right outside Rochester,
SPEAKER_L: oh, it's like pretty far north.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like right, right on lake Ontario. So we looked up there for about three years.
SPEAKER_L: no, I have, I don't think I've been that far in that, in the Rochester area, it's probably very beautiful and also very cold.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I wasn't used to the winners when we moved up there because we moved from the Pittsburgh area up to there and one night we had like three ft of snow overnight and I had never seen that much snow in my
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: life. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: sounds uh yeah, shocking. Is it? Well, I guess Pittsburgh is probably whether there's probably similar to like new york city, I would assume where it's like, you get winters and you get snow, but you don't, it's not as severe in either direction.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's like, I mean we get the winners, but it's what I would expect from winter, the cold weather, the bad chills and maybe six or inches or so, so snow. So it's nothing wild like when I was living in upstate new york. What do you do in Brooklyn?
SPEAKER_L: Um I work for a nonprofit in operations, which is kind of like financial, like budget management,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: what do
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: is that what you went to school for? Sorry
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, no, I actually studied philosophy in school, so um you know, I mean, unless there's really nothing you can do with that, unless you wanted to be a philosophy philosopher, I guess. Um
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: no, so I did not study that, but I'm just like good at numbers. Um and that's really all you need is like you need to be comfortable with numbers in Excel. And a lot of people that I work with are not, you know, there are more of like people who are passionate about a particular causes, so a lot of people are afraid of numbers. It's actually not, it's not that hard as long as, but I think a lot of people like look at a spreadsheet and they're just like,
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: you know, like terrified.
SPEAKER_R: I'm one of those people. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not I'm
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: you at
SPEAKER_R: big
SPEAKER_L: school
SPEAKER_R: fan,
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: I'm finishing up, I have like three weeks left of my undergrad right now, so I'm a biology major. So and then I actually have an interview tomorrow down at the University of Pittsburgh, so let's zoom interview but it's in a research lab. So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: did you say your major is?
SPEAKER_R: Biology. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: very nice. So what you what do you want to do like with that?
SPEAKER_R: I want to work in a research lab for a year or two to get experience and then apply for a PhD program. So to get my and I would like to work in um like microbiology and immunology, like focused on vaccine research so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's
SPEAKER_R: which?
SPEAKER_L: a lot, there's a lot going on in that industry right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it was really funny because uh last december right when the semester ended you know we went to the bars to celebrate after finals week and my micro professor and I had a couple classes with her, she was at the bar and she was asking me what my plans were at the end of next fall and I was like well I'd really like to get into working into virology and then of course this hit like three months later so it was kind
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: it's probably, I would assume that maybe a lot of jobs in that,
SPEAKER_R: All right now.
SPEAKER_L: in that field right now. I feel like they're hiring, I would assume they're hiring a lot of people. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they're doing that and then I have a I have a friend who works down there but they were working on HIV research and they got completely rerouted to go good research so that's all they've been doing now for nine months. They're not even doing what the labs technically set up for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I think that it happens right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really unfortunate. So have you lived in Brooklyn your whole life or?
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean I was born in new york city, but when I was eight we moved to New Jersey and then I moved here after college. So um yeah, I lived in Brooklyn for a few years. But yeah, I mean where I live is not like, I don't I don't know if you've been to New york city ever, but
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like where,
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: I live
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: not like what you think of when you think of Brooklyn, like it's not cool. I feel like Brooklyn is like you either think of like oh it's very trendy, like very hipster or like a lot of rappers grew up there and like I just live in like a it's very like neighborhood e and like pretty residential looking. Um and I mean I can get into Manhattan into like you know 45 minutes. But um
SPEAKER_R: 45 minutes to get that, that sounds awful. Just to get into Manhattan, is it's not that far from it is it?
SPEAKER_L: um I mean for me to eat like cross into the threshold of Manhattan that can be done in like 30 minutes. But I guess depends like where you're going um Like when you know I work from home now because of covid but when I was going into my office my commute was about an hour um on
SPEAKER_R: Me?
SPEAKER_L: the subway each way. So yeah I'm like but like mileage wise from where I live to my office is maybe like 10 miles.
SPEAKER_R: That's absolutely insane.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think it's like you just get used to a completely different like transportation life I guess when you live in a big city like this and I mean I don't have a car. Um I know a few people who have cars, but not many at all just because like, even if I wanted to drive to work, I think it would cost, I don't even know how much actually like in tolls to go over bridges and I don't know where I would park so I wouldn't even, it's not like I don't drive to work because I don't have a car, like even if I had a car, I wouldn't drive to work um like I would still take the drain. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'm always like whenever I travel somewhere else and like for whatever reason and then you look up something on Google maps or like how long will it take me to get to this place in an uber. I mean you realize that like when you don't look when you're not in the city and you can just drive like a normal pace
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: actually go 10 miles. You don't need an hour. Excuse me. You don't need an hour to go 10 miles.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah with my my army unit, it's 60 miles away and I get there in less than an hour every single time I go. So it's that's completely foreign to me having to take that long to get anywhere just to go such a short distance
SPEAKER_L: How often do you have to go there?
SPEAKER_R: Uh once a month and then two weeks to four weeks out of the summer. So generally out of the summer I just came back from drill last weekend, so there it's located a little bit north of Pittsburgh, where I go,
SPEAKER_L: Got it. So I don't actually know very much about the army in general. So like what? So you're in school is it? It's like ROTC or that's like not a completely different thing.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in a completely different thing of people who are in RtC, they go to Commissioners officers, but it doesn't really interest me that much because they're like sort of generalized, just kind of managers and I like actually getting to work a lot. So I enlisted right out of high school, um, and I work for an engineering company with the military, so they do like a lot
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: of humanitarian
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: efforts. So like last year, um, I went to Thailand to build a library there and then the, your performance Germany to like build warehouses. It's like, it's not all bang bang, like people expect, like they do a lot of humanitarian stuff. So, um,
SPEAKER_L: Thing. And so
SPEAKER_R: he,
SPEAKER_L: do you, I guess when you're, when you are getting a job through the military, that's like your service, like you don't have to like do extra service after you graduate from college.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I, I have my contract right now, I have a year left, I'm actually finished next October, but I'm debating if I want to stay in or not because I'll be at nine years at that point and then I only need 11 more for my retirement from the military. So I might just Trudge on through for 11 more years and just take my part of my pension later on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean there's a lot to be said for retiring role.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. My uh my dad did active duty until he was 38 he had or 39, he had 21 years of service, but then he still went back to work after he technically retired because he got bored after like three months of working on our house and you don't have anything else to do. So he's going to be officially done when he's 55. He's got five years left,
SPEAKER_L: I think a lot of people do that
SPEAKER_R: you look.
SPEAKER_L: were like not not necessarily retiring from the military but retiring in general. Is that like you retire and then you go get a different job. Um I think my friends, my friend's dad I think retired recently and now he works at Home Depot this can like part time and he just he just loves um like that kind of stuff and loves like working on projects and he loves helping people and you know he gets paid whatever it's probably like pretty close to, I don't actually don't like pretty close to minimum wage. Um But he's just like really happy about it and you know like it's not his like I don't even know what he did for a career. It's like not his career but he's it's like a way to kill time and also to make money doing something that you're actually interested in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My dad talked about that when he retires. He might take like the entire year off and then he wants to get probably like a part time like to shift. So we get lives just to like kill time and feel like he's not as busy because due to this whole pandemic and like staying at home when we went into quarantine and everything, I went, is this what retirements like because I'm not going to like, it kind of sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I mean, I think when you're retired, you're not, you don't have to stay at home, but uh
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: is. Let's,
SPEAKER_L: what's the covid situation like by you?
SPEAKER_R: uh so we actually were good, like all through March until about early july and then where we live, we live by the Allegheny National Forest, it's like 20 minutes away from us. So a lot of people were coming up to their camps and stuff over the summer and then the case is slowly we're starting to go up, but like we were perfectly fine because um Our Governor Tom Wolf said that depending on the county's cases, depends if they're like yellow, red or red, yellow or green, and we were green, like almost all summer, and then right at Vietnam were completely red and we're getting uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like 35 Cases a day and our county is like 40,000 people, so it's it's actually a lot,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but we yeah, so we pretty much like treated our summer almost normally, I would say for the most part, like, we were still able to go to the bar and everything and it wasn't bad, um but a lot of people, like a lot of my friends who live in Pittsburgh, they started coming up when Pittsburgh was getting slammed and they think that's a big reason why are cases started skyrocketing, because all these people were coming up from the cities,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds about right. Do you?
SPEAKER_R: I was oh God,
SPEAKER_L: It's like when you would go into work or when you go to bars and stuff, that people weren't wearing masks, I assume. Right,
SPEAKER_R: I only went down to Pittsburgh once over the summer and we went to an outdoor bar and you could only sit at your table so we weren't really interacting with anyone which was nice. But up here because we didn't have any cases like people kind of didn't give a shit uh when I would go into walmart like I was still like very responsible and plus even if we went to the bar I would still like going like re self quarantine for two weeks and just to play safe because I wasn't like visiting my parents all some or anything like that. It was me and my roommates in our apartment all summer. So we got really close together and then uh but now it's it's so bad up here, it's where I think we hit like almost 6000 cases today for P. A. Which should be the new record for us. But
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I would ask about Brooklyn but I saw how bad it was back in March. I
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: mean.
SPEAKER_L: so like, it's interesting because, I mean, it was really bad here and you know, like new york, I mean, we got hit really bad in March april may june and maybe in july is when they finally started getting better and it was like, it was terrifying just to like live here. I mean, you know, I mostly stayed home and everyone kind of stays home, but like you just here, I mean the numbers, we're like astronomical. And um I have two friends who are essential workers in different aspects and like they both, one of them, she's an art therapist, she works at a hospital. And so she would send pictures of how the hospital that she works that had like temporary morgue set up outside because refrigerated trucks because they're running out of space in the hospital. And then my other friend who works for
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the school, we, I was working like one of the projects he worked on over the summer was also setting up like one of the different temporary morgues, like a different hospital. So it just felt like very crazy and real um things are like way better now, but they're also getting worse. So you know like um Governor cuomo tweets every day, like a graph of the number of hospitalizations like throughout Covid and so you can see that like in april probably at its peak, it was like close to like 20,000 hospitalizations a day. Whereas right now we're like a little over 2000, so we're at like 10% of where we were or maybe a little over 10% but it's like it's going up like August or September, we were down to like three or 400 hospitalizations. And so every day his graph like it just kind of like the line starts like creeping up very slowly and we're getting all these warnings about like people should stay inside where your masks like don't don't have large gatherings in your house or whatever. But so
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: no one really knows like if it's going to get as bad as it was or like what's going to happen, but it feels like it's like watching it come in slow motion.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's it's terrifying. I mean when I say like we went to the bars it wasn't like we were going out we probably went like four times over the summer and we like for strategically picking days to go to the bar. So
SPEAKER_L: but I mean you're
SPEAKER_R: was it?
SPEAKER_L: places where people were just going out like it was normal.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah we weren't doing that like we actually took it but I think people just got so crazy out here which was the issue. Um for the army. I I went to drill in March it was like mid March and then right after my drill weekend it was that Tuesday tom Wolfe announced the lockdown in P. A. So I went to online drill one line. It was pretty boring from april until august and then we finally went in person in september and now we're in person again. So I think the military is just kind of like giving up on it for the most part now. So because when I went to drill this past weekend there's 150 people in my building at once and I would probably say like 15% of people are wearing masks. So
SPEAKER_L: Do they even, do they even try to enforce it or it's just totally up to you?
SPEAKER_R: I mean they sort of try to enforce it. You were supposed to wear while we're inside the building but I mean people don't listen and it's really annoying. So um if you show any symptoms they were immediately getting sent to the hospital that's like located right next to our building for a rapid test. And so I don't know I think the military is kind of done with handling it one there and now they don't want to sit around any longer,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: mean I'm laughing but like that's the kind of city that you don't get to just decide that it's done again.
SPEAKER_R: That's honestly like the viewpoint that I get from it. I understand like we still have to do stuff and we have training requirements and everything, but we have way too many people in one building at a time not wearing masks to not think that someone could have brought it in from their civilian job or from home or anything. So as soon as I got done I drove straight home, so I'm quarantining for two weeks before I go home for thanksgiving for a day. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I think that's smart. I think most some people I know who have traveled out of state or something like have quarantined after, but a lot of people don't how and yeah, I mean I think it's kind of like you, I don't know, people are very cavalier about it because they haven't maybe been personally affected by it, but it only takes like one, I don't know, super spreader event, you know? Which could be, I mean, hopefully not, but could be like all of these people in the building at one time and no enduring masks like 150 people and yeah, like someone can bring it in from wherever you don't know, like you don't know where everyone's been, you know? Um Yeah, I mean, and you hear like cases of uh like of those events were like, I think it was in maine over the summer there was a wedding,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I thought
SPEAKER_L: but like
SPEAKER_R: I read about
SPEAKER_L: 50
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: something people and like seven people died and a bunch of like, I think some or most or all of the people who died weren't even at the wedding, which is
SPEAKER_R: It's awful because it's just you're spreading it potentially other people who have no idea. You know, you could say uh sally goes to the bar with her friends and then she's not worried about Covid, but then she goes and she's asymptomatic but has it and goes and sees her grandma a week later and gives it to her grandmother's. So that's the issue. So I looked at it as if I go out and do anything, I'm just going to self quarantine after like a big public event for two weeks to make sure that I feel more confident that I can leave. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that makes sense. Um I
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I haven't
SPEAKER_R: see?
SPEAKER_L: guns like that, but we don't even have bars here. I mean we do, but like they are um I mean when the bar closed in March bars were only allowed to reopen if they also serve food. And even still now like you have to you have to be seated at a table and you have to order food, which I don't really know why. I don't really know like what difference the food thing makes. As long as they're like okay, there's no like milling around and socializing, You have to be at your table. But pretty much every every place that I've been to because I've done some outdoor dining um indoor dining is open here like a low percentage, but I'm not ready to do that yet. But even outdoor dining there, like with your first round of drinks, you have to order at least one food item. And a lot of places will put like have places that are like restaurants, obviously that's fine or bars that had like significant food menus, it's fine. But for some bars that like really we're not set up to really serve food, have put like one hot dog, like on the menu just so that way like because you have to order something in order to sit there like all right, order your beers and then get this one like hot dog for a dollar and then you'll be fine
SPEAKER_R: You know that's what ours do here. So that's how it pretty much worked here with Governor Wolf. All the bars were initially shut down for about a month and a half and then they slowly started opening them up. The worst part is when he closed all the liquor stores at the same time. So they were really worried about alcoholics not finding alcohol. So then they did a lottery system out here for the liquor store, which was
SPEAKER_L: home,
SPEAKER_R: insane. So you have to like pretty much like submit your ticket for a lottery ticket and if you got it you could go get Like two bottles at the liquor store the next day. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Our liquor stores were always open because they were classified as an essential business.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Well, we were actually surprised they didn't do that just because
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of people who are suffering from alcoholism or anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I mean when we first heard that they were closing all the stuff down, we immediately ran to the beer distributor and the liquor store and spend a ton of money and then that first week because we were all still in school and it was right after spring break, we were like, oh it's second spring break, so then we kind of treated it like that and that lasted about a week and then we went all right, we're really bored now because we can't do this for the rest of the semester. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it gets, I've actually been surprised by how much I live alone, which I had roommates for a little bit and I moved into my own place like a year ago and actually been surprised by how little I think I need other people around, which I missed my family a lot. And I have seen them. I mean there are New Jersey, so they're not very far. I didn't see them for the first few months of Covid because like, we didn't really feel like it was safe for me to go home because like, you know, and also like that would involve getting on the train. So um now occasionally I've gone home to see them. But you know, before Covid I had like, you know, tons of social plans on weekends. I would like to see friends and like, I'm really into live music. So I like tons of like concerts and music festivals in the summer and stuff and I've mostly just been like hanging out and I actually have really enjoyed it. Um I mean I definitely have gone through a lot of the phases of covid that other people have. So like the like, you know, bread baking phase and the like watching what I mean, I think everyone went through like the Tiger King phase. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: we did
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: it together.
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: My roommates
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: I everyone watched Tiger came together. We went through uh I like learning to play guitar for a while and stuff. You know everyone went through this. Yeah it's Yeah, I think just people are at the tail end of that where they're really bored. But if they can just hold strong for like another four or five months, well it looks like with these vaccines will be in the clear.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's really very exciting. Um And I think it's interesting to me that like they go and they said this from the beginning that like there when it gets cold, it's going to be really bad because people are going to be indoors and that's when it's going to start spreading around again. And for me like I'm just kind of like it's cold and I don't want to go anywhere, like not even to someone else's indoor house. I mean like, you know, I mean, I guess
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it depends if it's like 40 degrees, like fine. in theory I could go somewhere but in a in a normal normal time if it's a saturday night and it's 15 degrees as it often is here. And my friend is like you want to come get a drink, I'm like absolutely not. No, I'm not my house and 15 degree weather for me. I feel like winter is like when I less want to go socialize with people because it involves me like living my warm pajamas. But
SPEAKER_R: No, I understand.
SPEAKER_L: I guess not everybody really functions like that.
SPEAKER_R: So you mentioned you like going to concerts and stuff. I do to like what bands do you go and listen to our singers or performers?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So um I mean I like a lot of just like alternative rock and some kind of like mainstream hip hop and some like very also mainstream pop music. But I think my main genre is kind of like I call it weird electronic music kind of like electro like funk and soul type stuff. So it's not like it's like house music really.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I do like some of that stuff, but it's more, yeah, it's more like funk and soul based, but it is electronic um It's like a weird, yeah, it is kind of weird. I think it's like a little bit of an acquired taste. But what kind of music do you like?
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I grew up on like that sort of like emo rock and indie rock sort of phase and that's kind of what I've stuck with. I actually just spoke to someone last week through this like sort of study and we found out we have like one of the same favorite bands just mentioning it. So my favorite bands probably meet without you. So I was really sad that there this past year was supposed to be their farewell tour because they were ending
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: about camp?
SPEAKER_R: band after 20 years and now they like pushed it back to the covid and everything. So I had tickets and I had all these tickets to all these other shows and then they're all pushed back and I'm just waiting to see when I get to go to concerts again so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I had a bunch of tickets to like some music festivals that were happening that got canceled. And then I also had tickets to see Billie Eilish, who I just like I love even though like she's mostly I think for like 17 year olds, but
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: like, I had tickets to see her at Madison Square Garden and it was gonna be the sunday, like the sunday right before everyone here started working from home. So like mid March. And it was just kind of like when Covid was starting to the point where like the show didn't get cancelled I think probably like two days before because like no one really knew what was happening. And I remember texting with my friend who I was supposed to go with and I was like, I don't know if the Billie Eilish show is going to happen, but if it happens, I'm totally still down to go. And she's like, yeah, because like, we didn't know, you know, and I mean, I'm glad it didn't happen because I don't I don't know if we would have gotten sick either one. I actually know she did get Covid and probably actually
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: she?
SPEAKER_L: at that time, so she had gone on a work trip or something
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: to colorado, I guess. And she got back I guess right before we were supposed to go to this Billie Eilish show and she didn't start getting symptoms to like a few days later she was fine. Um But it was like she just didn't have to go to the hospital or anything, like she just waited it out at home. But she did get tested and she assumes that she picked it up like somewhere in the airport on this work trip that she went on and actually never thought about that, that like if I had gone to the show with her I probably would have gotten uh um
SPEAKER_R: I was very sad because just all the concerts getting canceled because that's sort of like my summertime thing, I just like going to concerts and it like really breaks up the monotony of school and work and then having everything cancelled. So I took a pie king a lot over the summer. I mean I usually was going hiking like once every two weeks but at one point I was going like 34 times are 34 times a week going hiking out here just trying to get something done.
SPEAKER_L: that's really great. I mean we like I love hiking but there isn't there isn't really opportunity to do it here. Um They're like really nice parks nearby and you can walk through them, but in order to go hiking, you really have to like go far or go at least like somewhere away from the city. Um So I don't really sadly don't do that, but I just took a lot of walks in March because there's also like very little to do
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: know why my companies like HR department started implementing uh walking challenges which
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: basically like it's not really a competition, it's more like a collective group effort where they try to get, I think it's because everyone is sitting at home just like staring at their computers all day working and so they will pick like a destination will be like let's let's walk to Hawaii. And so between like everyone has participated, we want to collectively get X. Number of miles to cover many miles. It is from here to hawaii. And every week you have to log your like how many steps you took the last week Using whatever if you have like a fit bid or some kind of like whatever Fitness watch or your phone's app or whatever. Um and it's not a competition, but if you if you actually like log your steps each week, like you actually do participate, then you get entered into a raffle to win like an amazon gift card for like $50 or something. So they
SPEAKER_R: that's cool
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: though that they were trying to like break up people's monotony of working from home and probably sitting bored all the time and getting a little stir
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: only like, I'm totally into that kind of stuff to, they did a they did a water challenge last year, so they tried to get people to drink eight glasses of water a day and I won the like the raffle gift card and it was so exciting, it was very hydrated.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that's all I have, all mine right here So okay.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm totally like into like whenever, like they've done a few of those walking challenges, like basically since the summer, maybe like every time one end, they just start a new one with a new destination and I always participate because sometimes there are definitely days like in the spring where I would never leave the house or like several days in a row or I'd never leave the house. And so it actually is helpful to have all I need to do my walking challenge, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can feel that that would definitely help out A lot of people at least give them something to do in case they are running out of ideas of what they want to do and have them or anything like that. But uh
SPEAKER_L: right, well I'm gonna go figure out some dinner. Nice
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: talking to you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice talking to
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: rest
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: of your night.
SPEAKER_R: You as well enjoy enjoy your job
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: in Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully you get to go back to the office soon.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, good luck in your job search.
SPEAKER_R: Oh thank you. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.