Hi, how's it going?
Good, good, I'm Williams,
nice to meet you area where you located?
live, I live in a small town called Clarion, it's like an hour north of Pittsburgh. Yeah,
You know, I
used
to live
in
new york. Yeah, I used to live in new york when I was growing up though, my dad was active duty military, we used to, I don't know if you've heard of, it's called Greece new york, It's right outside Rochester,
Yeah, like right, right on lake Ontario. So we looked up there for about three years.
Yeah, I wasn't used to the winners when we moved up there because we moved from the Pittsburgh area up to there and one night we had like three ft of snow overnight and I had never seen that much snow in my
life. Yeah,
no, it's like, I mean we get the winners, but it's what I would expect from winter, the cold weather, the bad chills and maybe six or inches or so, so snow. So it's nothing wild like when I was living in upstate new york. What do you do in Brooklyn?
Is
that
what
is that what you went to school for? Sorry
You know?
Two
I'm one of those people. So yeah,
I'm
not I'm
not
big
fan,
I'm finishing up, I have like three weeks left of my undergrad right now, so I'm a biology major. So and then I actually have an interview tomorrow down at the University of Pittsburgh, so let's zoom interview but it's in a research lab. So. Uh huh.
Biology. Yeah.
I want to work in a research lab for a year or two to get experience and then apply for a PhD program. So to get my and I would like to work in um like microbiology and immunology, like focused on vaccine research so
which?
Oh yeah, it was really funny because uh last december right when the semester ended you know we went to the bars to celebrate after finals week and my micro professor and I had a couple classes with her, she was at the bar and she was asking me what my plans were at the end of next fall and I was like well I'd really like to get into working into virology and then of course this hit like three months later so it was kind
of.
All right now.
Yeah they're doing that and then I have a I have a friend who works down there but they were working on HIV research and they got completely rerouted to go good research so that's all they've been doing now for nine months. They're not even doing what the labs technically set up for.
Yeah, it's really unfortunate. So have you lived in Brooklyn your whole life or?
No,
never
been
out
there.
45 minutes to get that, that sounds awful. Just to get into Manhattan, is it's not that far from it is it?
Me?
That's absolutely insane.
No,
don't
Yeah with my my army unit, it's 60 miles away and I get there in less than an hour every single time I go. So it's that's completely foreign to me having to take that long to get anywhere just to go such a short distance
Uh once a month and then two weeks to four weeks out of the summer. So generally out of the summer I just came back from drill last weekend, so there it's located a little bit north of Pittsburgh, where I go,
I'm in a completely different thing of people who are in RtC, they go to Commissioners officers, but it doesn't really interest me that much because they're like sort of generalized, just kind of managers and I like actually getting to work a lot. So I enlisted right out of high school, um, and I work for an engineering company with the military, so they do like a lot
of humanitarian
efforts. So like last year, um, I went to Thailand to build a library there and then the, your performance Germany to like build warehouses. It's like, it's not all bang bang, like people expect, like they do a lot of humanitarian stuff. So, um,
he,
No, no, I, I have my contract right now, I have a year left, I'm actually finished next October, but I'm debating if I want to stay in or not because I'll be at nine years at that point and then I only need 11 more for my retirement from the military. So I might just Trudge on through for 11 more years and just take my part of my pension later on.
Yeah. Yeah. My uh my dad did active duty until he was 38 he had or 39, he had 21 years of service, but then he still went back to work after he technically retired because he got bored after like three months of working on our house and you don't have anything else to do. So he's going to be officially done when he's 55. He's got five years left,
you look.
Yeah. My dad talked about that when he retires. He might take like the entire year off and then he wants to get probably like a part time like to shift. So we get lives just to like kill time and feel like he's not as busy because due to this whole pandemic and like staying at home when we went into quarantine and everything, I went, is this what retirements like because I'm not going to like, it kind of sucks.
there
is. Let's,
uh so we actually were good, like all through March until about early july and then where we live, we live by the Allegheny National Forest, it's like 20 minutes away from us. So a lot of people were coming up to their camps and stuff over the summer and then the case is slowly we're starting to go up, but like we were perfectly fine because um Our Governor Tom Wolf said that depending on the county's cases, depends if they're like yellow, red or red, yellow or green, and we were green, like almost all summer, and then right at Vietnam were completely red and we're getting uh
like 35 Cases a day and our county is like 40,000 people, so it's it's actually a lot,
but we yeah, so we pretty much like treated our summer almost normally, I would say for the most part, like, we were still able to go to the bar and everything and it wasn't bad, um but a lot of people, like a lot of my friends who live in Pittsburgh, they started coming up when Pittsburgh was getting slammed and they think that's a big reason why are cases started skyrocketing, because all these people were coming up from the cities,
I was oh God,
I only went down to Pittsburgh once over the summer and we went to an outdoor bar and you could only sit at your table so we weren't really interacting with anyone which was nice. But up here because we didn't have any cases like people kind of didn't give a shit uh when I would go into walmart like I was still like very responsible and plus even if we went to the bar I would still like going like re self quarantine for two weeks and just to play safe because I wasn't like visiting my parents all some or anything like that. It was me and my roommates in our apartment all summer. So we got really close together and then uh but now it's it's so bad up here, it's where I think we hit like almost 6000 cases today for P. A. Which should be the new record for us. But
I would ask about Brooklyn but I saw how bad it was back in March. I
mean.
No.
And
yeah it's it's terrifying. I mean when I say like we went to the bars it wasn't like we were going out we probably went like four times over the summer and we like for strategically picking days to go to the bar. So
was it?
Oh yeah we weren't doing that like we actually took it but I think people just got so crazy out here which was the issue. Um for the army. I I went to drill in March it was like mid March and then right after my drill weekend it was that Tuesday tom Wolfe announced the lockdown in P. A. So I went to online drill one line. It was pretty boring from april until august and then we finally went in person in september and now we're in person again. So I think the military is just kind of like giving up on it for the most part now. So because when I went to drill this past weekend there's 150 people in my building at once and I would probably say like 15% of people are wearing masks. So
I mean they sort of try to enforce it. You were supposed to wear while we're inside the building but I mean people don't listen and it's really annoying. So um if you show any symptoms they were immediately getting sent to the hospital that's like located right next to our building for a rapid test. And so I don't know I think the military is kind of done with handling it one there and now they don't want to sit around any longer,
so.
That's honestly like the viewpoint that I get from it. I understand like we still have to do stuff and we have training requirements and everything, but we have way too many people in one building at a time not wearing masks to not think that someone could have brought it in from their civilian job or from home or anything. So as soon as I got done I drove straight home, so I'm quarantining for two weeks before I go home for thanksgiving for a day. Right.
Yeah. I thought
I read about
that.
It's awful because it's just you're spreading it potentially other people who have no idea. You know, you could say uh sally goes to the bar with her friends and then she's not worried about Covid, but then she goes and she's asymptomatic but has it and goes and sees her grandma a week later and gives it to her grandmother's. So that's the issue. So I looked at it as if I go out and do anything, I'm just going to self quarantine after like a big public event for two weeks to make sure that I feel more confident that I can leave. So
do
you
see?
You know that's what ours do here. So that's how it pretty much worked here with Governor Wolf. All the bars were initially shut down for about a month and a half and then they slowly started opening them up. The worst part is when he closed all the liquor stores at the same time. So they were really worried about alcoholics not finding alcohol. So then they did a lottery system out here for the liquor store, which was
insane. So you have to like pretty much like submit your ticket for a lottery ticket and if you got it you could go get Like two bottles at the liquor store the next day. Mhm. Yeah.
Oh yeah, Well, we were actually surprised they didn't do that just because
of people who are suffering from alcoholism or anything like that.
I mean when we first heard that they were closing all the stuff down, we immediately ran to the beer distributor and the liquor store and spend a ton of money and then that first week because we were all still in school and it was right after spring break, we were like, oh it's second spring break, so then we kind of treated it like that and that lasted about a week and then we went all right, we're really bored now because we can't do this for the rest of the semester. But
we did
it together.
My roommates
and
I everyone watched Tiger came together. We went through uh I like learning to play guitar for a while and stuff. You know everyone went through this. Yeah it's Yeah, I think just people are at the tail end of that where they're really bored. But if they can just hold strong for like another four or five months, well it looks like with these vaccines will be in the clear.
All
No, I understand.
So you mentioned you like going to concerts and stuff. I do to like what bands do you go and listen to our singers or performers?
yeah.
Uh So I grew up on like that sort of like emo rock and indie rock sort of phase and that's kind of what I've stuck with. I actually just spoke to someone last week through this like sort of study and we found out we have like one of the same favorite bands just mentioning it. So my favorite bands probably meet without you. So I was really sad that there this past year was supposed to be their farewell tour because they were ending
it
band after 20 years and now they like pushed it back to the covid and everything. So I had tickets and I had all these tickets to all these other shows and then they're all pushed back and I'm just waiting to see when I get to go to concerts again so
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Did
she?
what?
I was very sad because just all the concerts getting canceled because that's sort of like my summertime thing, I just like going to concerts and it like really breaks up the monotony of school and work and then having everything cancelled. So I took a pie king a lot over the summer. I mean I usually was going hiking like once every two weeks but at one point I was going like 34 times are 34 times a week going hiking out here just trying to get something done.
very
very
little
of
that's cool
though that they were trying to like break up people's monotony of working from home and probably sitting bored all the time and getting a little stir
crazy.
Yeah. Yeah that's all I have, all mine right here So okay.
Yeah I can feel that that would definitely help out A lot of people at least give them something to do in case they are running out of ideas of what they want to do and have them or anything like that. But uh
Sounds good.
Yeah. Nice talking to
you
as
well.
You as well enjoy enjoy your job
in Brooklyn.
Hopefully you get to go back to the office soon.
Oh thank you. I appreciate it.