Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Okay, you know? Mhm Yeah, no, everything, Yeah. Hello,
doing okay, how are you?
I'm a real nice to meet you.
I'm in uh, in Brooklyn in new york city. Where are you?
have never been to Pittsburgh and I've definitely never been to your town,
but here's
the
thing
about
oh, it's like pretty far north.
no, I have, I don't think I've been that far in that, in the Rochester area, it's probably very beautiful and also very cold.
And
sounds uh yeah, shocking. Is it? Well, I guess Pittsburgh is probably whether there's probably similar to like new york city, I would assume where it's like, you get winters and you get snow, but you don't, it's not as severe in either direction.
Um I work for a nonprofit in operations, which is kind of like financial, like budget management,
what do
you
do?
Oh no, no, I actually studied philosophy in school, so um you know, I mean, unless there's really nothing you can do with that, unless you wanted to be a philosophy philosopher, I guess. Um
no, so I did not study that, but I'm just like good at numbers. Um and that's really all you need is like you need to be comfortable with numbers in Excel. And a lot of people that I work with are not, you know, there are more of like people who are passionate about a particular causes, so a lot of people are afraid of numbers. It's actually not, it's not that hard as long as, but I think a lot of people like look at a spreadsheet and they're just like,
you know, like terrified.
Are
you
are
you at
school
or?
did you say your major is?
very nice. So what you what do you want to do like with that?
Yeah, there's
a lot, there's a lot going on in that industry right now.
I mean
it's probably, I would assume that maybe a lot of jobs in that,
in that field right now. I feel like they're hiring, I would assume they're hiring a lot of people. Right?
Yeah, I mean I think that it happens right?
No, I mean I was born in new york city, but when I was eight we moved to New Jersey and then I moved here after college. So um yeah, I lived in Brooklyn for a few years. But yeah, I mean where I live is not like, I don't I don't know if you've been to New york city ever, but
like where,
where
I live
is
not like what you think of when you think of Brooklyn, like it's not cool. I feel like Brooklyn is like you either think of like oh it's very trendy, like very hipster or like a lot of rappers grew up there and like I just live in like a it's very like neighborhood e and like pretty residential looking. Um and I mean I can get into Manhattan into like you know 45 minutes. But um
um I mean for me to eat like cross into the threshold of Manhattan that can be done in like 30 minutes. But I guess depends like where you're going um Like when you know I work from home now because of covid but when I was going into my office my commute was about an hour um on
the subway each way. So yeah I'm like but like mileage wise from where I live to my office is maybe like 10 miles.
Yeah I think it's like you just get used to a completely different like transportation life I guess when you live in a big city like this and I mean I don't have a car. Um I know a few people who have cars, but not many at all just because like, even if I wanted to drive to work, I think it would cost, I don't even know how much actually like in tolls to go over bridges and I don't know where I would park so I wouldn't even, it's not like I don't drive to work because I don't have a car, like even if I had a car, I wouldn't drive to work um like I would still take the drain. Um Yeah,
I mean, I'm always like whenever I travel somewhere else and like for whatever reason and then you look up something on Google maps or like how long will it take me to get to this place in an uber. I mean you realize that like when you don't look when you're not in the city and you can just drive like a normal pace
actually go 10 miles. You don't need an hour. Excuse me. You don't need an hour to go 10 miles.
How often do you have to go there?
Got it. So I don't actually know very much about the army in general. So like what? So you're in school is it? It's like ROTC or that's like not a completely different thing.
got
it.
Thing. And so
do you, I guess when you're, when you are getting a job through the military, that's like your service, like you don't have to like do extra service after you graduate from college.
Yeah. I mean there's a lot to be said for retiring role.
I think a lot of people do that
were like not not necessarily retiring from the military but retiring in general. Is that like you retire and then you go get a different job. Um I think my friends, my friend's dad I think retired recently and now he works at Home Depot this can like part time and he just he just loves um like that kind of stuff and loves like working on projects and he loves helping people and you know he gets paid whatever it's probably like pretty close to, I don't actually don't like pretty close to minimum wage. Um But he's just like really happy about it and you know like it's not his like I don't even know what he did for a career. It's like not his career but he's it's like a way to kill time and also to make money doing something that you're actually interested in.
Yeah. Well, I mean, I think when you're retired, you're not, you don't have to stay at home, but uh
what,
what's the covid situation like by you?
Yeah,
Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds about right. Do you?
It's like when you would go into work or when you go to bars and stuff, that people weren't wearing masks, I assume. Right,
but
well,
so like, it's interesting because, I mean, it was really bad here and you know, like new york, I mean, we got hit really bad in March april may june and maybe in july is when they finally started getting better and it was like, it was terrifying just to like live here. I mean, you know, I mostly stayed home and everyone kind of stays home, but like you just here, I mean the numbers, we're like astronomical. And um I have two friends who are essential workers in different aspects and like they both, one of them, she's an art therapist, she works at a hospital. And so she would send pictures of how the hospital that she works that had like temporary morgue set up outside because refrigerated trucks because they're running out of space in the hospital. And then my other friend who works for
the school, we, I was working like one of the projects he worked on over the summer was also setting up like one of the different temporary morgues, like a different hospital. So it just felt like very crazy and real um things are like way better now, but they're also getting worse. So you know like um Governor cuomo tweets every day, like a graph of the number of hospitalizations like throughout Covid and so you can see that like in april probably at its peak, it was like close to like 20,000 hospitalizations a day. Whereas right now we're like a little over 2000, so we're at like 10% of where we were or maybe a little over 10% but it's like it's going up like August or September, we were down to like three or 400 hospitalizations. And so every day his graph like it just kind of like the line starts like creeping up very slowly and we're getting all these warnings about like people should stay inside where your masks like don't don't have large gatherings in your house or whatever. But so
no one really knows like if it's going to get as bad as it was or like what's going to happen, but it feels like it's like watching it come in slow motion.
but I mean you're
places where people were just going out like it was normal.
Do they even, do they even try to enforce it or it's just totally up to you?
I
mean I'm laughing but like that's the kind of city that you don't get to just decide that it's done again.
Yeah. I mean I think that's smart. I think most some people I know who have traveled out of state or something like have quarantined after, but a lot of people don't how and yeah, I mean I think it's kind of like you, I don't know, people are very cavalier about it because they haven't maybe been personally affected by it, but it only takes like one, I don't know, super spreader event, you know? Which could be, I mean, hopefully not, but could be like all of these people in the building at one time and no enduring masks like 150 people and yeah, like someone can bring it in from wherever you don't know, like you don't know where everyone's been, you know? Um Yeah, I mean, and you hear like cases of uh like of those events were like, I think it was in maine over the summer there was a wedding,
but like
50
something people and like seven people died and a bunch of like, I think some or most or all of the people who died weren't even at the wedding, which is
Yeah, I think that makes sense. Um I
mean,
I haven't
guns like that, but we don't even have bars here. I mean we do, but like they are um I mean when the bar closed in March bars were only allowed to reopen if they also serve food. And even still now like you have to you have to be seated at a table and you have to order food, which I don't really know why. I don't really know like what difference the food thing makes. As long as they're like okay, there's no like milling around and socializing, You have to be at your table. But pretty much every every place that I've been to because I've done some outdoor dining um indoor dining is open here like a low percentage, but I'm not ready to do that yet. But even outdoor dining there, like with your first round of drinks, you have to order at least one food item. And a lot of places will put like have places that are like restaurants, obviously that's fine or bars that had like significant food menus, it's fine. But for some bars that like really we're not set up to really serve food, have put like one hot dog, like on the menu just so that way like because you have to order something in order to sit there like all right, order your beers and then get this one like hot dog for a dollar and then you'll be fine
home,
Our liquor stores were always open because they were classified as an essential business.
Well
that
Yeah, it gets, I've actually been surprised by how much I live alone, which I had roommates for a little bit and I moved into my own place like a year ago and actually been surprised by how little I think I need other people around, which I missed my family a lot. And I have seen them. I mean there are New Jersey, so they're not very far. I didn't see them for the first few months of Covid because like, we didn't really feel like it was safe for me to go home because like, you know, and also like that would involve getting on the train. So um now occasionally I've gone home to see them. But you know, before Covid I had like, you know, tons of social plans on weekends. I would like to see friends and like, I'm really into live music. So I like tons of like concerts and music festivals in the summer and stuff and I've mostly just been like hanging out and I actually have really enjoyed it. Um I mean I definitely have gone through a lot of the phases of covid that other people have. So like the like, you know, bread baking phase and the like watching what I mean, I think everyone went through like the Tiger King phase. Okay.
I'm
very
little
now.
Yeah. That's really very exciting. Um And I think it's interesting to me that like they go and they said this from the beginning that like there when it gets cold, it's going to be really bad because people are going to be indoors and that's when it's going to start spreading around again. And for me like I'm just kind of like it's cold and I don't want to go anywhere, like not even to someone else's indoor house. I mean like, you know, I mean, I guess
it depends if it's like 40 degrees, like fine. in theory I could go somewhere but in a in a normal normal time if it's a saturday night and it's 15 degrees as it often is here. And my friend is like you want to come get a drink, I'm like absolutely not. No, I'm not my house and 15 degree weather for me. I feel like winter is like when I less want to go socialize with people because it involves me like living my warm pajamas. But
I guess not everybody really functions like that.
Yeah. So um I mean I like a lot of just like alternative rock and some kind of like mainstream hip hop and some like very also mainstream pop music. But I think my main genre is kind of like I call it weird electronic music kind of like electro like funk and soul type stuff. So it's not like it's like house music really.
I do like some of that stuff, but it's more, yeah, it's more like funk and soul based, but it is electronic um It's like a weird, yeah, it is kind of weird. I think it's like a little bit of an acquired taste. But what kind of music do you like?
What
about camp?
Yeah, I had a bunch of tickets to like some music festivals that were happening that got canceled. And then I also had tickets to see Billie Eilish, who I just like I love even though like she's mostly I think for like 17 year olds, but
like, I had tickets to see her at Madison Square Garden and it was gonna be the sunday, like the sunday right before everyone here started working from home. So like mid March. And it was just kind of like when Covid was starting to the point where like the show didn't get cancelled I think probably like two days before because like no one really knew what was happening. And I remember texting with my friend who I was supposed to go with and I was like, I don't know if the Billie Eilish show is going to happen, but if it happens, I'm totally still down to go. And she's like, yeah, because like, we didn't know, you know, and I mean, I'm glad it didn't happen because I don't I don't know if we would have gotten sick either one. I actually know she did get Covid and probably actually
had
at that time, so she had gone on a work trip or something
to colorado, I guess. And she got back I guess right before we were supposed to go to this Billie Eilish show and she didn't start getting symptoms to like a few days later she was fine. Um But it was like she just didn't have to go to the hospital or anything, like she just waited it out at home. But she did get tested and she assumes that she picked it up like somewhere in the airport on this work trip that she went on and actually never thought about that, that like if I had gone to the show with her I probably would have gotten uh um
that's really great. I mean we like I love hiking but there isn't there isn't really opportunity to do it here. Um They're like really nice parks nearby and you can walk through them, but in order to go hiking, you really have to like go far or go at least like somewhere away from the city. Um So I don't really sadly don't do that, but I just took a lot of walks in March because there's also like very little to do
are
you
know why my companies like HR department started implementing uh walking challenges which
basically like it's not really a competition, it's more like a collective group effort where they try to get, I think it's because everyone is sitting at home just like staring at their computers all day working and so they will pick like a destination will be like let's let's walk to Hawaii. And so between like everyone has participated, we want to collectively get X. Number of miles to cover many miles. It is from here to hawaii. And every week you have to log your like how many steps you took the last week Using whatever if you have like a fit bid or some kind of like whatever Fitness watch or your phone's app or whatever. Um and it's not a competition, but if you if you actually like log your steps each week, like you actually do participate, then you get entered into a raffle to win like an amazon gift card for like $50 or something. So they
Hello?
I'm
only like, I'm totally into that kind of stuff to, they did a they did a water challenge last year, so they tried to get people to drink eight glasses of water a day and I won the like the raffle gift card and it was so exciting, it was very hydrated.
so I'm totally like into like whenever, like they've done a few of those walking challenges, like basically since the summer, maybe like every time one end, they just start a new one with a new destination and I always participate because sometimes there are definitely days like in the spring where I would never leave the house or like several days in a row or I'd never leave the house. And so it actually is helpful to have all I need to do my walking challenge, you know?
right, well I'm gonna go figure out some dinner. Nice
talking to you
for
the
rest
of your night.
No,
thank you.
Yeah, well, good luck in your job search.
Bye.