SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, my name is
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Ian, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good. I'm Maria, nice to meet you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: to meet you, also, you can hear me okay.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you and I can see you fine. How about you? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, everything looks good, um So I uh I apologize for my background, I'm stuck in the garage because the kids are home for school today, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I mean, yeah, with this Covid, yeah, a lot of people either work from home or you know kids are sometimes in school sometimes who mostly at home do you want
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to come home?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I am um it's been pretty rough, I'm in Central New Jersey, I don't know where you're located, but
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm in in new york. I mean do you know the Westchester area like? Right
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: bit, little bit, yep, yep
SPEAKER_L: so I'm in in white Plains new york area.
SPEAKER_R: yeah um yeah it's really nice up there um how how have things been locally up there
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: regards to Covid?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well when it started it was like pretty tough to be honest because like a lot of people were infected, especially it started in your shell, which is like 10 minutes from here and my mind was lived there. And what happened was right when Covid started, there was somebody that got infected like the entire temple because they're like some, excuse me, there's a jewish area. So somebody that was sick and I think he didn't know he was sick, he went into the temple and in fact it like everybody there spread it like a lot, but in terms of where I live like in White plains it was never like that bad comparing to the other like areas in new york. But now it's even now it's even better like I follow every day. I don't remember like the website but it tells you like for the entire world like the card is going. So it's not a lot of cases like not really. How about
SPEAKER_R: that's good,
SPEAKER_L: area,
SPEAKER_R: that's good um Yeah, I mean New york and New Jersey were both hotspots when it first started back in March And it seems like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: we both
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: have it somewhat under control, although in New Jersey We've had over 3000 new cases for the past three days. so it's been uh on going the wrong direction here recently, Um
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: the numbers are increasing here a little bit but not exactly where I live. I think it comes back, it's gonna be mostly in the city because of subway and all those
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: transportation they have, you know like my husband, I we have been working from home pretty much since middle of March when Covid started. I know when the number starts to increase a little bit. We had a meeting like in our office. Uh they were saying like, oh if the number increased more, maybe we'll have to like close the office and go work from home for a for a little while. And uh like a week later or a few days later. They were like okay. It was like, I know it was thursday and they were like, okay, we're living and if you don't wanna, if you don't feel comfortable coming back to work tomorrow, which was friday, you don't have to. So I didn't in, a lot of people didn't and then they just closed the office. Since then we kept working from home. Like I use one room. My husband used like the living room. That's where he's like, he doesn't even have a desk. He works from the table honest. It's like sometimes it's challenging because I work in a in a tax department. I'm attacks associate. So at the beginning of covid that's when busy season lost. And
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it was right before the tax filings
SPEAKER_L: and the
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: deadline was extended because you know like for individuals the deadline for filing an extension to uh 15. So the deadline at that time when we start working from home, it wasn't extended until July. So it was like we were very busy and you know, I didn't have enough monitors because in the office we have two monitors plus a laptop gave us. So like when you work you have like prior year like return and work papers in one screen and the other screen and the laptop you just used for emails and something like that. But when I came home I just had one monitoring the laptop. I was using my desk of monitor and it was stuff to adjust to all of that like because I'm an associate that I started there in january. So still I didn't have like that much experience as I have now. So in the every time like we if I don't know something or if I need some
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: help
SPEAKER_R: can ask somebody.
SPEAKER_L: my senior and he would come and uh but this is like more challenging because now I have to like use Webex and I have to share my screen and like, you know like ask the right questions and their technical issues sometimes so I can log into the software to do the tax return or my computer's crashing or I can't connect for like so many different things. But it was good, good and bad like working from home I guess. I I miss being around people. But
SPEAKER_R: that's my biggest
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: problem too, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but even if we go back to the office now, it's still gonna be challenging because I wouldn't want anybody to get to my desk and uh and I don't want to wear masks because they have like they have certain surveys that they send us like every month. Like how comfortable would you feel to go back to the office and they're like restrictions you can use the kitchen, you have to bring your own cooler with water, you have to, you know have your food there before we have like fresh like you would stop your food there. Like if you want to use the bathroom one person at a time, you have to wear mask all the time. So let me, what's the point? I would just rather work from home. And if I have questions I would ask like through through phone or through Webex. What and how has your experience been with like the work, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Uh very similar,
SPEAKER_L: Country?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm I'm a marketing consultant, so I I help small to medium sized companies with their digital marketing efforts. Um So you know the ads that you see on google and facebook and all those types of things. Um So it's uh it hasn't been as challenging for me because often I was working in different offices anyways, so I travel around a fair amount. Um So I'm used to working remotely, but I need that face to face interaction also, so that was the biggest change for me is just not being able to talk to person that somebody face to face, right, whether it's clients or my team. Um And I'm used to doing it over videoconferencing, we we use zoom and Webex also. Um but it's just not the same for me, maybe maybe I'm a little bit too old for this, but I just I prefer that face to face interaction with people when I'm talking to them. Uh and you know, so even like something like this that you and I are doing, it's uh it's fun for this purpose, but when you're doing things where I feel like you need input from multiple people, uh it's a lot more difficult for me to accomplish a video conferencing um
SPEAKER_L: I agree. Uh Any
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: more because right now our life turned into being like locked in this box. Now we kind of go a little bit out, I mean not like with people but like now we go like over my in laws every weekend and they're a little older so we don't want to expose them or to anything. So that's what we don't hang out between anybody pretty much. But we were very strict, we were going to the store once a week, like the first few months once the store don't even leave the house except to walk the dog. Like like nothing, nothing now
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's.
SPEAKER_R: exactly, that's exactly what we're doing to um and and it's it's starting to ease up a little bit because like you said, like I just can't feel locked up in here um you
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: winter
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: is coming and it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: the weather like in the summer would go hiking or we will just do something like outside with our dog right now. I mean today it's a nice day in this past few days but like last week it was pretty cold and you don't know how the weather is going to be next week and it's winter is coming, I mean it's middle of, Is it like 10 November, so it's coming and it's not like that many things that you can do. Uh yeah it's gonna be more more challenging anything and every day is pretty much the same like you wake up to come to, I want the dog come to the room here. What? And this is like a spare room. We just we just used it's not even fixed like nothing, we just use it like a I don't know like an extra room that we have and I'm looking to work. Uh, now it's not even busiest because tax season is over before I was working like 12, 13, 14 hours a day. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: and now I will just log in, sit there, watch some, I don't know videos that we have to do training for, to prepare for the next season because Lord are changing and now with the elections, I don't know like how the laws are gonna change. So and then have dinner, watch a movie and then go to bed and walk
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the dog
SPEAKER_R: then you do the same thing again the next
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: day.
SPEAKER_L: every day every day. And then I'm looking forward to go over my in laws every weekend. Like as I said, the little shell and they don't go anywhere. So they look forward for us to go there with them. And you know, I would call my mother in law, Hey, well you have in the fridge and she's like, I have this and this and this is the freezer and I'm like, okay, I have this and this. So let's, let's make something with what we have. Uh, but yeah, it's just like depressing and uh, I'm
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: but I I think uh so we're approaching this very similarly, but I think you're doing the right thing um trying to keep people safe, not just yourself, but you know, your in laws and friends and other family that you have, like some people just they don't really think about these things or they don't care and I don't think that's the right approach, you know, it's not going to get any better unless everybody tries to do the right thing, it's not easy, but uh we're trying
SPEAKER_L: I mean at least here I haven't seen like people really without mask. I mean when I walk the dog outside, I don't want to mask because it's, I live.
SPEAKER_R: I don't either,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I don't yeah,
SPEAKER_L: if somebody like it's coming, I would just move to the side or I would just call street. It's no reason to wear a mask. But when I go to the store or to anything else, like what I do, like when I interact with people that I don't really do, but if it happens like to do, then I, I do wear a mask. Like we haven't even been on vacation. We're supposed to go in Germany this summer. My friend was getting married so we're weak and we had a whole plan, like the wedding was going to be Hanover and then Berlin is like an hour away. Hamburg is an hour away, so we're playing like a whole trip like for that week, 10 days that we're going to go like to visit these places and that didn't happen. Then my, my parents, I'm originally from Macedonia, which is a country in southeast europe in case, you know, a lot of people don't know. So I just always explained.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: slightly familiar, yeah, but I appreciate
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: supposed to come to visit us in May and that didn't happen because of Colbert and okay, so what I have a lot of vacation days that because we didn't go anywhere, what we're gonna do and let's go to florida and we're thinking about it or driving there or just taking the flight and we're like okay, we get there and then all these people are not careful in florida, they don't wear masks, everything open. And then you come back here, we can see your parents, like my husband's parents, we can see them for two weeks. So we decided to go and we just went last weekend to pennsylvania. We drove there to visit my brother in law. We haven't seen them since january, pretty much him and his family just went there and that was our vacation for the year. So now I have like a lot of vacation days. I'm just gonna take every friday off until the end of the year.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, at least you can
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: do that,
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: I mean you don't want to lose your days.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah here in over days. Uh in our like Adam and your firm but in our firm like we have 18 PTO days which includes like everything even sick like all
SPEAKER_R: Including
SPEAKER_L: together. Yeah plus form floating holiday. Where they say that you can use like a like an extra vacation. They did they give you Uh so in our fermenter cruise like basically we earn 1.5 days per month. So like for January I would earn 1.5 days off in February and that's like on and on and on. So I can I can like roll forward carry forward the days from this year to next year. And then once I stopped Once I reached 18 days next year I can accrue more. So let's say if I transfer like I don't know 16 days to next year. I can only go like one month. And then it's gonna stop occurring. Like I'm gonna stop getting a few days from from the new year. So I have to use some of the days. So that's what I'm thinking like to carry forward like about 10 days and then, uh, next year, hopefully it's gonna be better by the summer so we can go like on a nice certification somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think I would do the same thing because if you take, you know, a week off now, what are you going to do? There's really nothing that you can do to enjoy that it would be a waste of vacation days.
SPEAKER_L: not just that, but like, I don't have any work to do anyway. And I'm just,
SPEAKER_R: this is the slope season
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: is the whole time during businesses and we can take days off or something, but you can't really take this off because you have work to do. And what happens is why we call it busy season basically said the last two or three weeks before the filing ends. It's because all of the clients end up staying for them and
SPEAKER_R: Everybody
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: waits until the last minute. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wait until then, and then you get like, all of this stuff that you have to do, and it's not just like preparing the tax return. We do like, uh, a lot of compliance were like, um, it's a big firm so it's not just individual returns. We worked with corporations with partnerships. So first I have to, if let's say it's a partnership, they send me financial statements to do their tax returns. I have to analyze first the financial statements to see if like they, they are accurate that their balance sheet and income signal like working flows properly and then do analysis because there is different between what's on their books that they call as in terms of like on their financial statements and what's for tax purposes that it can be used. Like I can give you like one example for for example for meals and entertainment, you can only deduct 50%. So if the client had. let's say $1000 in expenses that's according to the income statement is $1000. But on the tax return is going to be $500 only Because of past 50%. So like that kind of analysis I have to do and determine. And then do the tax return and then compare both reconcile it to see if there are any like things that don't don't match. So.
SPEAKER_R: when you file these on behalf of your clients, are you personally responsible for the final return that submitted?
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Like you're not
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: responsible?
SPEAKER_L: it goes like it's it's like a five layers of reviews pretty much. So it's associate like I would prepare to return to all the analysis. Then there is a senior associate who would do the first round of review, then their manager who would do a second round of review and then there is a partner that would sign the return department. They don't check the return because they trust like the you know the other that they and they would sign. So like like four layers instead of three layers. Uh If something is wrong with the return then it's not up to me because they were like other two layers. Like I don't file the return, I just do the return, do any paperwork that's necessary to be done. Also the senior he doesn't sign the return, he doesn't need file, the file is done by the admin. People like that. They work, they're like they if somebody sends like returns uh like paperwork, let's an actor email. But the email to the office, they would print them. They would pity of them and they would like send uh like attach them to save them in uh in a special like a place where it's like a google drive but not like it's like internal something that we use. Everybody had like a shared drive so we're uploading their uh and then that's where you get get the information from and whatever I do, I just save it there. Or you know you highlight this is where I found the numbers. Um But pretty much the manager I would say it's not the person who is signing the return but whoever is the highest reviewer. That person is going to be responsible for. Like that everything is accurate because they do the final review. So if something is wrong then they're gonna tell the senior fix these mistakes. And if it's like something that needs to be fixed like on a higher level like the senior will do if it's something like lower that we missed. Like he would tell me and I would I would like fix those things and it happens like you do a lot of returns and also very like millions of dollars. Even individual returns there. Like for very wealthy clients, not like like us the middle class. So you do like not just W. Twos but they have like all sorts of income. They have these K. Ones which are like for partnerships that they have and they have like so many things that you have to do and one return takes like hours sometimes to
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: prepare.
SPEAKER_R: sure, I'm sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There was an individual return. I was working like for island at least five or 6 hours on that. And yeah I mean it's it's a challenging job but that's why we are pretty busy because everybody sense at the same time and you have the deadline like you have to do it by then and and that's it and you work until late. Do you have to act in your job?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean we have certain deadlines but it's not the same time every year. Uh And it varies by clients too. So I do um I represent a wealth management firm so they have uh particular times of year that they're looking for for uh new client acquisition. Um So it's more campaign based but there's no strict deadlines, you know at the government level that you have to deal with.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: can,
SPEAKER_R: if you don't meet these deadlines than terrible things will happen. Um You know we may lose a client but we're not in trouble with the government so to say which I don't imagine is very fun.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I'm trying to go to the government like I will start applying for jobs doesn't have not just great benefits but also the work life balance there, it's like it's great and when you retire, get a government pension on top of like what you are saving. And also we're trying to get into real estate now with my husband because that's the how you get like wealthy I would say. And they're like a lot of different things that you used for the last year. We have been like pretty much me, I've been educating myself, I got in touch with a lot of people so now we are ready to invest and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was working, I was doing lead generation for a real estate company years ago and this was right before the bubble burst in 2008. Um So that's why I left the real estate industry, but right now it's it's really competitive from what I've seen because there isn't a lot of inventory, so a lot of the listings that you'll see out there, the listing prices are much higher than they were even six months ago. Um And and with the interest rates as low as they are, there's so much competition because the buying power of people competing for these properties is very high. Um
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: market as they say because there's more than
SPEAKER_R: no question.
SPEAKER_L: what people, I mean more people want to buy than what its inventory. So that's even in new york the prices are prices are much higher so I'm going to play who's like next year we plan to sell, we own a condo. I mean a co op with my husband were really right now so we're planning to sell it and then by a duplex next year that we're gonna use like a hermit schoolhouse hack which we're gonna one side and then on the other
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: side.
SPEAKER_R: then rent out the other, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then like just like I want like in 10 years from now to have enough passive income that if I don't want to work that I don't have to work. But I don't know I just always like to work and if I work in a place where I I enjoy doing the work then I don't, I wouldn't mind. And also it will be additional but that's just like our plan that we have and this is like for more for residential, like not for commercial stuff like for commercial best.
SPEAKER_R: commercial is very different game yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's our investments indications. Like we just don't know if you're familiar with self directed iras.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what we did uh my husband had an old 41 K. From one of his old jobs that was just sitting like that. So we transferred it, we converted it to a self directed ira. And then with that money we're gonna invest in syndication now. And usually like deals are about like five years and you don't do anything like the general partners between the whole work and you know you get like uh I think it's like quarterly cash flow uh In the end the biggest like amount that you get like the biggest profit is in the end when they sell the property because usually you sell it like more than
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's a five year term you step
SPEAKER_L: well usually it's a five year. You can it's like from 3 to 10 years. So it depends like on the deal. And I've been networking a lot and getting to know um like a lot of general partners because they're like two different likes indications it can be only for accredited investors, which are people that have Um worked. I mean their network is like, I think above $1 million 250,000
SPEAKER_R: yep, that sounds right.
SPEAKER_L: for married filing jointly, uh that they're going to continue earning that amount for the next couple of years, I would say. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: But then the on the other hand, there like uh, indications that are for accredited and non accredited investors, like mixed. Uh, we following that one because our network is not $1 million, but that exclude your house. So basically from investments and from your job and everything you should make, like You should be worth more than $1 million. So it's really tough to get there. But um, so in these indications, they're they're good and I'm trying to like get to know a lot of partner because if you are not accredited investor, you fall into the second syndication, you need to have a relationship first with the general partners. If you are a credit investor in this indication is only for that type of investing, then you don't need, you can just, they can post it online. Uh, they can advertise their deal with the other one. They cannot advertise. That's what you need, like relationship with them, uh, to get to know them. And also for your own purposes. Like I wouldn't invest like some with something that I just saw online. Like I would like to know better person and see like if I can trust even though, how would you know, if you can trust if you spoke couple of times but you know just to get to know each other better and see if the numbers work after at the end.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it makes sense because, you know, it's not like you're risking $10 here, it's a fairly significant amount of money. Uh you want to make sure that you trust the people with whom you work. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the amounts like that you invest are some deals are I think the laws that have seen $25,000 that you have to invest. But mostly I like 40 50,000 like the minimum that that uh that you should invest. Otherwise they you just can't you have
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: to invite.
SPEAKER_R: you're not going to get much out of it and it's not worth the time on the general partners effort either. Right. So they don't want to take on a five grand investment means nothing to them, really.
SPEAKER_L: No no not that. But like they don't want to take like below I would say 50,000 because they don't have to have like many partners like they
SPEAKER_R: you deal with too many people for, yeah. Right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: like this you have less people higher investments. Then you don't need to have like that many investors that many partners on the return. Because also in the when you do tax returns, I don't know like how they charge, but I believe charged based on the work that they have to do. So I know it's indications because I have done some private equity partnerships that they have, uh, liquid funds and this with real estate. It's a little bit similar in a way because their general partners involved and if there is, uh, something that's called, like I think it was wonderful. That means that like for example the deal, it's $1 million 100,000 doesn't mean that you all 10%. It goes like differently because the general partner does more work than what you do nothing. So the more partners you have in the deal, the more work is for preparation of the accounting, the preparation of tax returns
SPEAKER_R: We're at
SPEAKER_L: all has like special location how much from the night income goes to you based on what you have invested and based on like that Fall that they have. Uh so yeah that's why maybe that's one reason. Also like another reason like uh like they have to communicate with with a lot of partners if they have like you know 5000 or something. But there are some funds that are allowed, you can invest like 5000 if you want. You know like some of the general partners, they have like funds on the side that they do. So I don't know. But that's something that that we that we plan to do like slowly on the on the side. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean it's good to have a plan in place that's for sure a lot of people don't, they don't even have a plan or haven't even thought about this type of stuff and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean a lot
SPEAKER_R: it's,
SPEAKER_L: of people don't even save don't even like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: about day
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to day.
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: It's not,
SPEAKER_R: do it
SPEAKER_L: it's not how much you make, it's how much you, you keep, you can make them colors and spend million and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: spend more than a million and actually be in a worse place. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know I was pleased but it's like I don't know what we try to do is like make Have uh like an income coming from multiple streams. That's why like we do this and it's not a lot of money but still you know in a month even if I make like $50 or $100 bill
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly. That's why I'm doing it to. Yeah, I mean my
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: parents.
SPEAKER_L: go with that market or something like.
SPEAKER_R: I learned that from my parents is to be frugal and you know every penny
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that you can save or earn is something that is going to be helpful down the road, so.
SPEAKER_L: And then as you learn more not to spend the extra money for like not sure but like oh I I got promoted and a lot of people are like that that you make 50,000 and then you got promoted. Nine makes 60,000 and they're like oh now make more now I can buy more stuff now. I can reflect.
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to buy a new car and you know, go out
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: to $1,000
SPEAKER_L: instead
SPEAKER_R: dinner.
SPEAKER_L: But if you get used to live with $50,000, those extra 10,000 which is not really 10 after taxes and everything. It's
SPEAKER_R: Save
SPEAKER_L: simple.
SPEAKER_R: or invest it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But that's it is. You can invest them you know you can save them for going on vacation and not pay for education out of your pockets. Like they're like so many different things that that you can do. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah for sure. So how old are your kids? You said you have Children?
SPEAKER_R: Five and eight.
SPEAKER_L: Five and eight. That's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: uh that's the age.
SPEAKER_R: it's a pretty good, it's right past the age where they're just they're cranky and yelling and not listening to you um uh And before they start disliking you, so it's definitely a good age. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So do you know what are we supposed to do now? Because I know it's not like to keep like the conversation 25 minutes and then extra I
SPEAKER_R: This is I've
SPEAKER_L: don't.
SPEAKER_R: actually done I've actually done this before, so we're at the 25 minute mark so we can just uh say goodbye now. So Maria was very nice speaking with you um After this, uh I think if you go back to the other window that you are at
SPEAKER_L: So I would just click X. Like I would just exit from here. Right?
SPEAKER_R: from this window, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Now
SPEAKER_L: right. But I go to the next one. I would just clip on this blue button that takes
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: The blue arrow, that's all the way on the bottom. So make sure you don't close that page because you have to fill out a survey there. So
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: that's that.
SPEAKER_L: nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. Um Good luck with your investments and uh I hope this turns around so you can actually take a vacation soon.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: take care. Bye bye.