Hello?
Hi, my name is
Ian, how are you doing?
to meet you, also, you can hear me okay.
Yeah, everything looks good, um So I uh I apologize for my background, I'm stuck in the garage because the kids are home for school today, so
it's
yeah, I am um it's been pretty rough, I'm in Central New Jersey, I don't know where you're located, but
little
bit, little bit, yep, yep
yeah um yeah it's really nice up there um how how have things been locally up there
with
regards to Covid?
that's good,
that's good um Yeah, I mean New york and New Jersey were both hotspots when it first started back in March And it seems like
we both
have it somewhat under control, although in New Jersey We've had over 3000 new cases for the past three days. so it's been uh on going the wrong direction here recently, Um
But
I
Oh yeah, it was right before the tax filings
or
you
can ask somebody.
that's my biggest
problem too, yeah.
Uh very similar,
so I'm I'm a marketing consultant, so I I help small to medium sized companies with their digital marketing efforts. Um So you know the ads that you see on google and facebook and all those types of things. Um So it's uh it hasn't been as challenging for me because often I was working in different offices anyways, so I travel around a fair amount. Um So I'm used to working remotely, but I need that face to face interaction also, so that was the biggest change for me is just not being able to talk to person that somebody face to face, right, whether it's clients or my team. Um And I'm used to doing it over videoconferencing, we we use zoom and Webex also. Um but it's just not the same for me, maybe maybe I'm a little bit too old for this, but I just I prefer that face to face interaction with people when I'm talking to them. Uh and you know, so even like something like this that you and I are doing, it's uh it's fun for this purpose, but when you're doing things where I feel like you need input from multiple people, uh it's a lot more difficult for me to accomplish a video conferencing um
Yeah.
that's
exactly, that's exactly what we're doing to um and and it's it's starting to ease up a little bit because like you said, like I just can't feel locked up in here um you
know,
it's
it's
I
know
huh.
and
then you do the same thing again the next
day.
it is,
but I I think uh so we're approaching this very similarly, but I think you're doing the right thing um trying to keep people safe, not just yourself, but you know, your in laws and friends and other family that you have, like some people just they don't really think about these things or they don't care and I don't think that's the right approach, you know, it's not going to get any better unless everybody tries to do the right thing, it's not easy, but uh we're trying
I don't either,
I don't yeah,
I'm
slightly familiar, yeah, but I appreciate
that.
yeah, at least you can
do that,
I mean you don't want to lose your days.
Including
yeah, I think I would do the same thing because if you take, you know, a week off now, what are you going to do? There's really nothing that you can do to enjoy that it would be a waste of vacation days.
this is the slope season
for
you.
Everybody
waits until the last minute. Yeah.
when you file these on behalf of your clients, are you personally responsible for the final return that submitted?
Like you're not
responsible?
I'm
sure, I'm sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I mean we have certain deadlines but it's not the same time every year. Uh And it varies by clients too. So I do um I represent a wealth management firm so they have uh particular times of year that they're looking for for uh new client acquisition. Um So it's more campaign based but there's no strict deadlines, you know at the government level that you have to deal with.
Where
if you don't meet these deadlines than terrible things will happen. Um You know we may lose a client but we're not in trouble with the government so to say which I don't imagine is very fun.
Yeah. I was working, I was doing lead generation for a real estate company years ago and this was right before the bubble burst in 2008. Um So that's why I left the real estate industry, but right now it's it's really competitive from what I've seen because there isn't a lot of inventory, so a lot of the listings that you'll see out there, the listing prices are much higher than they were even six months ago. Um And and with the interest rates as low as they are, there's so much competition because the buying power of people competing for these properties is very high. Um
So
no question.
and
then rent out the other, yeah.
commercial is very different game yeah,
a little bit yeah. Yeah.
Yeah and it's a five year term you step
yep, that sounds right.
Right.
Yeah, it makes sense because, you know, it's not like you're risking $10 here, it's a fairly significant amount of money. Uh you want to make sure that you trust the people with whom you work. That makes sense.
Well,
you're not going to get much out of it and it's not worth the time on the general partners effort either. Right. So they don't want to take on a five grand investment means nothing to them, really.
you deal with too many people for, yeah. Right. Yeah,
We're at
Well, I mean it's good to have a plan in place that's for sure a lot of people don't, they don't even have a plan or haven't even thought about this type of stuff and
it's,
I
know,
I
know
do it
and
spend more than a million and actually be in a worse place. Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. That's why I'm doing it to. Yeah, I mean my
parents.
I learned that from my parents is to be frugal and you know every penny
that you can save or earn is something that is going to be helpful down the road, so.
I'm going to buy a new car and you know, go out
to $1,000
dinner.
Save
or invest it. Yeah.
I'm sure.
Five and eight.
so
it's a pretty good, it's right past the age where they're just they're cranky and yelling and not listening to you um uh And before they start disliking you, so it's definitely a good age. Yeah.
This is I've
actually done I've actually done this before, so we're at the 25 minute mark so we can just uh say goodbye now. So Maria was very nice speaking with you um After this, uh I think if you go back to the other window that you are at
from this window, yeah.
Now
correct.
The blue arrow, that's all the way on the bottom. So make sure you don't close that page because you have to fill out a survey there. So
that's that.
Yeah. You too. Um Good luck with your investments and uh I hope this turns around so you can actually take a vacation soon.
take care. Bye bye.