Hello?
Mhm. How are you today? Okay,
How are you? Just fine thank you. Just trying to wake up where
I'm at
9:00.
All right. Uh Springfield
Illinois.
I'll have
of coffee for you. I know,
I
know. Yeah. What part of California are you in
Southern California?
I used
I used to live Many years ago, I used to live in Camarillo California, which is about 50 miles north of Los Angeles. Mhm.
Yeah. Right off
right off the
Highway
101.
What? Well, I'm originally
from central
Illinois.
I went out there to go to school and then I came back.
Yeah. So and then now just I'm confined to my house for the most part that the virus so
click.
It's uh
we we've had our highest we've had our highest numbers. Hello?
Okay. Can you see because um I I've
lost
But
I've
lost
I've lost video. Okay.
Okay. Very good. Um No we had our highest number in the past few days here than we've ever had. So it's it's pretty serious here. We've we've actually gone back to um closing down bars and restaurants so.
Anyway.
it is here
too.
I
heard
that
earlier
this week. Yeah. Earlier this week.
All right. Yeah.
And
I saw some news actually this morning that johnson and johnson has started their vaccine uh testing
again.
Yeah. Yeah it's yeah it's it's not good. I don't think it's gonna be a uh available before winter's over so
and where we're at it's always
cold.
So
I work for a company called Bun O. Matic. The global offices here in my town and they're the ones that make the coffee makers. And
I work with
uh I work
with customers
uh that by him for their home. The residential customers. Okay.
I've been
working at home since March. Yeah.
So
I.
I
like taking these
old surveys as
a little extra money here and there, but I think they're
kind
of fun. Mhm.
So
I've done
this
three.
yeah.
I actually Mhm. Yeah
I did one last month and the person I was supposed to talk to didn't make it, so I had
I was
just logged
in
for
So.
Right, me too.
Yeah I go
yeah well in about about an hour,
in
about
an hour, so I have time to do this and then take the survey afterwards and I can get back to work so.
No,
it's
my
hours pretty flexible with with all this going
on,
working
from
home and yeah, so I I still have to put in my normal hours, but my boss is pretty good, he lets me, you know, as long
as
the
que yeah the calls are aren't coming in real heavy Mondays, everyone's on board, but that's our busiest day, but when Wednesdays and Thursdays are about the slowest days,
so yeah,
no
people are getting ready for like company that come in for the weekend sometimes and then that the calls will pick up because they have a problem with the coffee maker or something, so they call me and I'm helping through set up so but
uh yeah and then coming up before the holidays, those that gets pretty busy too.
that
and
a lot of and a lot
of people
get
them
as gifts. Uh Yeah a lot of people get them as gifts so they need help getting them set up.
So
we do
I've been with them since 2013, it's about seven
years with
them.
Before that I worked here for our state government, I
worked
in our data privacy, yeah, I worked in our data processing department. Uh uh oh goodness, I've been I was there for over 20 and I retired out of there, so I'm gonna go on my pension and then now I'm working at bun so I'm able to get my state pension and insurance, but I'm still able to work so that that works out nice for me.
So
if it were
Well you have to be, they look at your current age plus your years of service and it has to
equal 85 Once once you equal 85, then you can retire and draw your pension. So I had
I had
I had
a little over 20 years. Yeah. So, so um uh let's see, it was 2000 and about 2,012 is when I retired out of the state because I equaled 85 and
then um in 2013 and I started a bun. So
10.
All right. Yeah, there's no pension there, but uh 401K. That that I can get. So, so that helps. So when I do read there I'll have an extra nest egg there we can and my wife and I hopefully just get out and just once this virus is over again go travel. So
because I want to take
her at the time, yeah, I want to take her out to southern California. You would enjoy going back into santa barbara and in Malibu in that area.
The
yeah, san Diego.
Yeah,
I used to go send me go. Yeah.
that's
good.
wonderful, wonderful.
Yeah,
there's
only
that
I I use. Yeah, I like this one the prolific
and
then there's one this one is really good and then there's another one called it's amazon mechanical turk or mturk they call it and it's they they either pay you with amazon money. Uh it just writes to your amazon account so you have like credits there or you can have a direct deposit to your checking account. So you can
have it set
up
either every it's
they call it that but it's it's just it's just regular little survey. Some surveys will last a minute or two and some can go up to a
half
an hour. Yeah. So
it's
good one.
huh. Do uh if you do a search on it, just do m like in mary and then turk tur k m and then that
will that
will take you there, you'll see amazon. Yeah, that's an easy sign up
to do.
There's and
there's always
I've been doing that one for, oh I want to say maybe about three or 4 months and I'm up over $500 total.
So.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah. I've been I've been with prolific now for a little over a year and I've noticed my totals I'm over £1,000.. So
it
so that's that's been like oh
Alina,
I know.
Yeah, I don't like
that one.
A lot of them, a lot of them you start and you take about half of the survey and then they come back and say, oh you're not qualified.
No, they
you actually
pre qualify based on based on your profile, you pre qualify and there's a filter that you can use it. It's pretty easy, says just show me only the ones that I qualify for and it will give you the title
of
it. Uh I'm approximately how long it's going to take to for the survey and then gives you how much You take it and then um they review it and then you'll see that and approved and then then they'll end up paying it to your account and you just set your account up to pay out every three days, seven days. Uh 1530
I think. So you just tell her. And when when you hit that point it will take that money and they'll either move it to your amazon account for like amazon credits or with me. I have a settlement. My checking account goes right into my checking account.
So.
So
it doesn't even use Paypal. No Paypal. Yeah.
Either
your amazon account or directly to checking. So I
have mine go
directly.
And it's just
I believe that you're saying password as if you have an amazon account. I believe it's your same password.
And he. Right.
Mhm.
And I think they have it set up more surveys you take and get approved over time. You get better surveys because you're like a proven survey taker. You get better one to pay better and and such. So it's I think it's worth it. Yeah.
Like.
Help.
I
gotta wake up, I only do one cup but it's a big one. Anything.
So. Yeah. Well when you work for a company that makes coffee makers, you almost have to drink coffee.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Oh it's it's been it's actually been a pretty fun job this whole time and I probably would have gone ahead and did a complete retirement. But um I do enjoy working with the customers a lot. So I figure
probably next year once all this pandemics over because my wife is already retired now so we're just going to get up and start traveling I think. Mhm. So.
It it it is well when we traveled before we would fly so she never really got to
see a lot except where we landed. So I
like for example California, I want to take her to southern California but I want to drive so we can go through Utah and Nevada and Arizona and all those those neat states like on the way after hoping to do.
Absolutely.
And I do too.
I can't wait for this
virus could be over.
I hope
so. Yeah, I hope so. A
lot of a lot of promises happening right now, so we'll see. So a lot of good things, I hope, I hope it comes out that way.
Uh huh. In the presidential election it went democratic, the governor's democratic, however for the longest time republicans were had a lot of state offices, it kind of
really goes back and forth quite a bit um in the
city that
I live in is the capital. So it's a lot of politics in this city mechanism. Right?
So
that's I'm sorry.
There
all
No I I think that was part of it. Uh some of his uh I think foreign policy, I think when he started putting all the tariffs on some of the the imports
coming
in from china that hurt a lot of businesses my
company
were
yeah. Right. The farmers and like for example my company, we're a global company, so we source material all over the world. So our our material now prices have we're hitting with tariffs that we had to uh impose back to our customers so that kind of hurt our business a little
bit too.
And Right. Yeah. So
All right. But
No.
it did,
no.
Yeah.
Right. Mhm. Oh
Yeah. Well my mom came over from during World War Two, she came over from Lithuania and I know that every time she had a chance to vote, she voted, she goes this is this is what one of the reasons, you know that she's proud to be an american so that she had to make sure she voted, She never missed an election, Never Missed one. Uh huh. So
Exactly.
Right, Well it's important because in my opinion, if you don't have at least take the chance to or you know take the opportunity to vote, I don't think folks have really voice to to say, you know that they disagree with what has, you know with policies and stuff. So uh to me it's just something that it's just natural for me to just get up and do, yeah,
I lost the video again too by the way, it just went off, I hear
you, but
I
can't see you
well,
Yeah, that's
good.
Yeah.
They've
every mhm doesn't say if you can do it, do it. Yeah. So
So that's your years of service and your age together.
that's
I know. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm I'm thinking I'm probably will this this coming year so it'll be my turn.
So
you got
it.
Well,
I read a study. Uh yeah, I read a study a while back that the earlier the younger you are when you retire the, the longer you tend to live because
you
don't have,
you
don't have all that pressure.
What?
I think it has
been
about that.
and nice talking
with
you as
well. Yeah.
25
minutes.
Well
you enjoy
to you, too. You too.
Bye.