Mhm. Mhm, mm. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. You don't have to, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah, mm. One of the 20th century. Mhm. Big deal. He's from china. I'm like, well, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right, mm. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. You can get Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. People. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Oh God. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. You can make it. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. No, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Hey there how are you?
I'm good
Erica it's nice to meet you. I'm chris
um from Kentucky probably. You've never heard of the town.
okay I've been through there once or twice.
Um pretty good. We we didn't have a lot of cases to begin with. Uh you know it's a real small town so you know not anybody hardly got sick at all. I
think
we 80 cases in the whole county.
Well we
did too but everybody said like at the beginning when all
of it started Kentucky with the number one state for their quick response and keeping their numbers low and getting people tested and and all of that so
you know we've we didn't have official shelter in place quarantine order but we were strongly encouraged stay at home
Yeah. Are you still under a curfew?
it's been pretty easy for me, I'm disabled. So I work from home, I live with my caregivers, so I didn't have to worry about like Oh my gosh, I have to go grocery shopping. How am I going to stay 6ft away from people in Kroger,
You six ft away from people in Kroger or at Walmart, you can't do it.
No, I didn't have to worry about any of that. Um I did have to get a test um because I had surgery, I had my gallbladder removed
about a month and a half ago and they had to do the past two days before surgery and then I had to quarantine myself which I was doing anyway. Uh The test sucks.
It is so awful. Oh my gosh, it is bad.
Well.
Mhm. Have you ever had a flu test where they said the cotton swab up your nose and wiggle it around? It's kind of like that. Except they go all the way up to the top of your sinuses right next to your brain and it feels like your brain is on fire from it. It's bad. It's so bad.
Like I'd rather put off the surgery for like, I don't know, six more months and not had to do the test if I'd known how bad the test was gonna be.
Yes. Well, it didn't last as long as the surgery effects have lasted. But you know, for that, for that couple of days it was just it was horrible.
That's right,
Yeah. And the really fun thing was they had me do it in a, like in a drive thru set up in the back parking lot at the hospital. It feels super shady that you're driving into this tent and these people with Hazmat gear on your stinking patent swabs up into your brain and like five minutes later telling you, okay, you're clear,
Go ahead.
It was, it was crazy.
They, they scheduled everybody like
15 million art, so there wouldn't be anybody there near anybody else. So, you know, even if some somebody did show up like right after us and they made them wait like way back, far away in the parking lot, they're like, no, no, stop, Stop, stop. People in Hazmat suits running at you, waving their arms going, stop, stop, stop. It's crazy. It was insane. Mhm.
There's been some in Lexington and there's been a lot more in Louisville because that's where I can never remember her last name, Brianna. Yeah, yeah, I want to say Brianna taylor, but I don't think that's right. Um she was the girl who the police raided the wrong house and her boyfriend, you know, it was like loudly announcing
to whoever was trying to bang down the door and not announcing themselves as police the gun and he was armed and he would fire if anybody tried to come in and these cops all came in and they, he started shooting, they started shooting and a stray bullet hit her and when she was still
asleep in bed and and killed her. So
there's been a lot
of, a lot more rioting in Louisville, but I think it's mostly been just peaceful protesting I think. Mhm
week.
It's good that you're making it work,
Yeah, my caregivers middle child is in college and he had to switch all of his classes to virtual and he
realized very very quickly that he does
not
do well with Virtual.
He does a lot better in the classroom with the teacher so he can ask the questions and you know have the homework assignments like he gets homework on monday, it is due on friday, he gets homework on Tuesday, it is due on the next Tuesday. Not all of this, here is your entire course. Everything has to be done by May 30. He did well without the deadlines along the way.
Yeah I can imagine.
that's good. That's good. What are you studying?
That's what we're studying right about now.
Oh
very
necessary
field
that makes sense, that makes sense and that's a really mature way to go about it because I know a lot of kids are like oh well I don't have to do anything in school until october and nothing's due until october and then like october coming around and they're like oh my gosh, I have to do all the things right now, I'm so far behind, but you like you're ahead of the game, that's really awesome.
And
um most of this stuff I do for fun, I here in my room um I love to read, I love to
uh I love to sing. Uh so I
I had the built um I watch tv Mhm. I'm really boring, I'm not a big going out person, I can't drink because of the medication that I'm on. Um Yeah, I don't like crowds, I'm like the world's biggest introvert. So you know, for me there hasn't been any big changes except that like I have to wear a mask when I go to the doctor's office.
No, I haven't
seen any family, but I hadn't seen any family for gosh, four here. I mean I I keep up with people you know on on the phone line and email and everything like that.
But I I can't drive. And my caregiver who drives uh basically has been living in Cincinnati for work. Uh huh. So he hasn't been available to drive me anywhere. Um Plus he's had these crappy vehicles that just keep falling apart on. Yeah
and finally the last one
fell
apart so bad that it would cost like three times what the thing was worth to fix it. Yeah,
so he gave up and started taping up and and finally got a decent car, accept them. This whole pandemic hit and we can't go anywhere to see anybody because we could make them sick because
the only people I would go see would be my grandmother Who's five or my parents who are in their 70s.
No, I've got a brother and a sister. Um My brother lives in texas. I took him on messenger. I don't know once a month maybe. Uh My sister is in Tennessee. She lives in the same town as my parents um in
Knoxville. Um she and I have never really gotten along and we haven't spoken or anything in. Yeah. Gosh, five years. Mm I think about five years because
there were there were some family drama and she blamed it all on me and started like really chewing me out one day for it and and it's all my fault and I've ruined everybody's lives and you know, all this and the other. And I was like sobbing hysterically so loudly that my caregivers could hear me from their bedroom at the far end of the house and like came running and started reading over my shoulder and he pushed me out of the way and said, I'm not going to let you talk to chris like this, This is her caregiver. She's very upset. This isn't, this isn't continuing, I'm shutting this down and
she
blocked me on facebook. I haven't seen her seeing her pictures of her kids. Nothing.
they're
more hands off
when it comes to me. Um I I made some choices when I was younger that were like, in hindsight, quite possibly the stupidest thing I've ever done in my life.
Um I dropped out of college where I had a full ride scholarship, academic scholarship, moved across the country married a guy I met online who was older than my dad and I was his third wife and he was on probation. That was my first manic
episode
I had, I had bipolar disorder. No, that was my first manic episode, was dropping out of school, moving across the country, married a guy I met online. Bad idea, don't recommend it,
I was number screen And he was 40 years older than I was, but it seemed like such a good idea at the time, because I wanted to get out of Ohio, I wanted to get out from under my parents thumbs, and then I wanted to just to do something that I wanted to do. So that's what I did, and because that's what I did, they basically
cut me off For about 10 years until I had their first screen kid, they had their first grand kid, they started being in more contact because they wanted to, you know, be in more contact with their first grandchild. Um, but they've always, you know, ever since I did that
had a very, you know, hands off laissez faire, you know, do whatever you're gonna do kind of attitude towards me, so it is is
I have to,
my son
is team just graduated um and it's living with his grandmother, his great grandmother, my grandmother, Um my daughter is 15 and lives with my parents because my health insists on being interesting.
Oh, bless your heart,
well,
Mhm. Yeah, that's got to be hard, especially being so young, not having a lot of family support that that's got to be just,
that's awesome.
that's a very mature attitude to take, it's a long time to get there with my, I I actually came out to my brother 2 3 months ago, I'm bisexual and he didn't say anything for like a day and I'm like um you don't have anything to say about it. He's like why should I everybody knows you're bisexual? I'm like wait what? Who everybody knows I'm bisexual. How does anybody know I'm bisexual? What the hell? Huh? Hello. Mm But apparently everybody knew and nobody cares.
Apparently I don't know how it happened but
Um my daughter is also bisexual, she hasn't come out to anybody. Um She's she's very afraid to come out to my parents because they're very very religious. Um They go to like one of those megachurches that I have never personally understood, you have that kind of relationship with anybody in your church family when there's like a gazillion of you, does that even work? But
the role megachurch? So
she's afraid to come out to them. She came out to me after I asked her about some stories that she had written where there were some gay couples in the stories I was like is there anything you want to tell me? It's totally okay if you don't if you're not comfortable answering any questions she's like I don't want to answer any questions right now. And then a few days later she sent me a message on marco Polo saying I'm bisexual and I'm scared to tell Grammy and papa.
Thank you. That's sweet of you to say I hope so. I hope she's strong enough one day. Um Mhm. She she's very sweet and she is very sheltered. Um She goes to a christian school and you know her world is like this big yeah like all she's ever known is living with my parents.
You know they went to Canada once they go to my grandparents house they go to my brother's house, they go to my sister's house,
that's it. That's like
her world.
I got to
I've never told my parents, but according
to my brother,
they know, Yeah. You told me everybody knows. I'm like, who's everybody what, what everybody he's like the family, the whole family, everybody knows. Okay, I won't bother telling anybody else then, because it's evidently old news.
He's younger, he's two years younger than me, and then my sister is two years younger than him. Yeah.
Who? My sister? Oh yeah, they're they're very close like um what was it like some formal dance at school? Uh My sister came over and and help my daughter with her hair and makeup because room she's like more old fashioned in that sense. Like she's worn the same exact lipstick
with lip liner For let me think she's 70, 50 years.
She is not the main thing is worn in 50 freaking years. Mhm. That's
my,
so my sister came and helped my baby girl with her hair and makeup. She looked fabulous, she looked so good, grown up, like she didn't look like my little girl, she looked like you know, my younger sister, she looked like she
could have been my sister instead of my daughter. Amazing. So good.
Crazy.
My son and daughter are not close. Um
There was there was family drama. Yeah, they haven't been able to see each other For about five years. Um So
he's been a he was at a therapeutic
boarding school all of high school. Um and just graduated um Two weeks ago. Yeah, two
weeks ago.
you know? Mm.
My caregivers
are really good friends from college. Um Then there's my best asbestos super best at B. F. F. F. F. Yeah and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever. Um we met my second freshman year of college. Uh Tucson and like we share a brain like one of us will be feeling bad and the other will send a message on facebook saying what's wrong not are you okay? What's wrong? Because we know.
Now
she's up in Iowa.
I
don't know what's going on in Iowa but she's in Iowa
you
know?
No it's like it's some place you go through when you're going someplace more interesting.
Iowa Nebraska Missouri like nothing happens there you just like it's there kind of like Kentucky would be if it weren't for the worst races because if it weren't for the horse races, Kentucky would be one of those places. It's like it's just they're taking up space between Ohio and Tennessee. They had something they made it Kentucky but we've got Churchill downs and the
the Kentucky derby and all sorts of other race tracks were the horse capital of the world. That's Kentucky. His claim to fame. That and bourbon. Which I can't stand and never drank even when I could. Yeah.
I don't
know. It's like crab.
Let me think. Greenville. Is that where Duke is?
E. C. U. Okay. I was
world.
Well
the town I live in is called Mount sterling And there's about 6000 people here. We are known for basically the biggest one weekend flea market. The south is
in the second weekend
in october
like vendors come from all over the country to congregate in
downtown Mount sterling and sell a bunch of stuff
kind of Yeah, I look like 300 people's yard sales also pushed together.
Godhra
Well
that's how it reminds me of my mom when I was a kid, she would always yell at me to go outside and play because I was up in my room reading a book so I would just take a couple of books, go outside, climb a tree, settle into a new book and read out there. I
don't
know. No because I didn't want to play with anybody. I wanted
to read a book.
You
know,
Okay. And we're exact opposites there because I hate horror I don't
like
or agree and I love a lot of things and I like I love murder mysteries. I like I like good romance novels, not like the Harlequin romance novel where it's like an excuse to write about everybody having sex, but we'll put a story on top of it, but it's really all about everybody having sex. Like those. I like the ones where there's a story and in the story to people who make sense to fall in love, actually fall in love because it makes sense for them to do so in the story.
No.
everybody dies in Romeo and Juliet, so I don't
love that. Um I love um Nora roberts and I love Danielle Steele both of them, right? Story driven romance novels, It's
about the story 1st and then the romance.
Oh yeah, I have, I have vivid
nightmares whenever I watch a horror movie. Right? Um So what was it called Hannibal? This movie that came out, it was like the sequel to Silence of the Lambs, you're probably like 40 years too young to have remembered school lambs. Um but Hannibal came
out,
Mhm. Trying to think, I'm 40 to about 20 years ago and it was about this guy who is a cannibal, he's also a psychiatrist or psychotherapist or something like that, you know, brilliant and erudite and and well mannered and well spoken and you would never, in a million years guess that this guy is a mass murderer who
eats his victims. And there's this one scene that stuck with me That I had nightmares about for 20 years where like the guy has a, he has a barn and inside the barn there's a pig pen and it's a pig pen, there's a bunch of feral pigs and he like kicks somebody he doesn't like off of the rafters and they land in the pit with the feral pigs
and the pigs eat the guy, like live the pigs eat him. And I had, I had nightmares like every night for months where I would wake up screaming, not the wild pigs, not the wild pigs, not the wild pigs. My then boyfriend To become 2nd ex husband. Um
You thought it was hilarious?
I'm not that bad. I don't think
um I like stuff like um trying to think of anything even remotely recent that I've seen. Um I like the Star trek movies. I like um titanic. I like titanic.
What
I knew the boat was going to sink like spoiler alert. Hello? Everybody knows about kind of thing, but I liked
it. Uh huh. I don't watch a lot of movies. I, I watch a lot more tv than I do movies like I'm binge watching um Master Chef are blue and supernatural on netflix and house MD on amazon like all simultaneously right now.
Vampire Diaries I've heard of but I don't know about it. The others I've not heard of.
All right. I'm taking notes.
I
did not watch that one because of
potential triggers. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay. Try not to hold that against you.
Naked.
I loved um It's another 20 year old movie. I'm starting to feel really old now. Thank you very much. Uh uh Miss Congeniality.
Love that one.
I actually once upon a time and long ago worked as a private security guard and the security at the movie theater on friday, saturday, sunday night. And because I did, the management told me that I could come in any time. Get free popcorn, free soda and watch whatever movies I wanted.
I know. Right? No, like everything that came out in a one year span, all
the movies
I
walked out,
I walked out of shoot, what was it called, scary movie, the one that was
like a parody
of art movies. I I walked out after about 30 minutes because it was so it was in such poor taste that I walked out.
Yeah, that's definitely a bipolar thing.
sudden, sudden anything's and I bring goes,
ooh let's go do that. Like a rational printers back there going, no,
That's
it.
I'm
much happier on the up days, like I'm more productive and get more done. I don't feel as bad physically, you know, it's yeah, it sucks because I have all the impulse control issues and I have all the focus issues. Like I can't focus on one thing for more than like 30 minutes. So like I've got in my I've got three web browsers open right now across two monitors and between the three
of them I've got 27 tabs open. And I know
that because I counted because my therapist asked me like an hour and a half ago, she was like how many tabs you have open in your in your browser right now, It's like um what do we count? So I counted 27. It's like I work in one tab for like 20 minutes and
then my brain is like okay this let's move on The next thing for like 30 minutes and then my brain is like, Okay,
we're done now, something
else
Morning.
20. Yeah.
Yeah. I've
been a counter for Lord. As long as I can remember, I've counted things and everything has to be an odd number preferably a prime number but definitely an odd number because when numbers are sharp and pointy
and and like nobody who doesn't have O. C. D. Can understand that you know
nice and round
they're they're they're squishy They
were except for 77 is pointy but it's odd so it's it's kind of okay. Mhm.
And
I
used to have all my change facing the same way like I would pull everything
out of the coin part of my wallet and and arrange everything so all the faces were looking in the same direction and then put them all back in from from like quarters then Nichols then dimes no then pennies and dimes because they had to be in the right size order. Not the not the amount order but the right size order and in the same way.
Oh is that all okay?
that's okay
what
it is.
The best decision of my life was going to see a psychiatrist. Yeah
absolute best decision of my life because I got on meds for the bipolar disorder. I got on meds for anxiety. I got on O. C. D. I got on meds to help me sleep so that all the rest of it wouldn't be as active when I was awake. Had to be in therapy to have medication management through the
way I work with. So I've been through let me think I think I'm on my fourth therapist and third psychiatrist because people keep retiring on me. I don't know what neck it's like I'm driving them all out of mental health. I
don't
I know it's not like that I joke about it.
I've driven them all away but they all just like gone to different departments. Uh But being seeing a psychiatrist and seeing a therapist, best thing ever in my life.
Mhm. In the meantime you could try a website called Seven Cups dot com. It's the number seven and then like you drink from Cups dot
com. Yes,
it's
huge peter
um support website. You can chat one on one with a listener, somebody who's been there done that. You can chat in group chats, you can chat in forums, there's like all kinds of resources and it's been a godsend for me. Like on so many occasions when it's like three a.m. And I'm having a manic episode and a depressive episode at the same time, I'm like really really really depressed. But my brain is insisting that I do all the things right now, so what? And I have to count them all, and I'm having a panic attack about it. Like, you know when everything is flaring up
in the middle of the night, I
can hop on seven cups and there's somebody there.
Yeah. And don't be afraid of medication, if a psychiatrist recommends it, don't be afraid of it, it might take some trial and error to get the right mixed, it probably will. But
don't give up because it's huge. It makes a huge, huge, like, I can't even tell you how big of a difference it makes. I don't have enough words. It's enormous. Like instead of me spending the majority of my day curled up in a ball under my desk, I am at my desk and working, that's the kind of difference that it makes. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, I've got I've got panic disorder I've got general anxiety disorder. I've got skin picking disorder. I've got hair pulling disorder. I've got Social Phobia. I've got agora phobia. I've got claustrophobia. I've got like 27 varieties of anxiety disorders plus O. C. D. Plus bipolar. Mhm. Mhm.
Ps huge difference.
Well
Are you getting 6? Yeah.
Between the psych stuff and the physical stuff
On a normal day
like where is flaring up at all? Everything is just normal. I take 72 pills. Use two inhalers um to eye drops and three nasal sprays.
mm. Yeah.
Mhm.
I think it's more of a thank God this exists so I can use it to you know make things not as horrible. You know that
that kind of thing. I I don't resent it. I don't you know I'm not like, what was me? I have to take all these pills. It's
not like that at all. It's it's you know, thank God for the miracle of modern pharmaceuticals.
Well,
I'm
I wouldn't even wait. I I wouldn't even wait for the pandemic to die down because if you're having
enough days like that, you need help now. Plus since there's a mental health crisis in the country, there's probably going to be a waiting period before you can get in to see anybody. Like when, when I was first getting in with the agency I'm with. I had to wait for six months. Well, they told me six months I wound up making it three months because I called every single solitary day said, hey again, Is are there any cancellations? Okay, great. Talk to you tomorrow. Hey, it's me again. Have there been any cancellations? All right, talk to you tomorrow. Hey, it's me again. And I think they created an opening just so I would stop calling. Mm
Yes, because I was on PROzac at the time and it wasn't helping and it was making a lot of things worse and I knew that I needed more help than that. Mhm.
Well
that's weird. Yeah.
So
great
to do this again after that guy.
Well, hopefully
not super creepy or perverted part of your prayer, I hope. Mhm
How
long
you
want?
I'm glad I lived up to your expectations. Mm Yeah.
Is it who
we've been talking for an hour? Who does that anymore? People don't want for an hour? Uh huh.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah, we're good.
You too.
Youtube.
I will do that.
You do the same.
All right, bye bye.