Hi,
how are you?
You're good. Uh I was everything my name is Erica.
Nice to meet you. Trace, where are you from
Kentucky? I heard of Kentucky before. I'm from Greenville north Carolina. Oh
Yes. So how's everything on your end Forest dealing with the covid going on?
If
you are
wow we had to get quarantined in everything
one.
What?
wrap.
well we they put us they had us under a curfew, we had a room in north Carolina. It was wow it's getting something serious down here for sure.
No they finally lifted the curfew and so we're not under that anymore but we still are mandatory to stay you know social distancing still you know people not listening we're still encouraged to but the government is pretty much like okay I'm not sure. Yes wow. That is. So have it been tough for you during the sound or more so easy for you because you probably like add loved ones close down, so
Hi.
No.
it was almost
What,
what they have to do because I mean, I didn't get tested anything
because having
Oh my goodness.
Who that sound worse than the surgery?
Oh my gosh, my mom had to get hers done too and I told me that was not a good feeling. She was like when they messed up, you can't eat anything, it just hurts so bad. And I'm like, oh my God. Oh yeah, what is a serious
major, especially at times like this that we're in uh
Web
daddy
It was was there a lot of people there during the fun?
All
I didn't know well how, how is y'all Kentucky down there? As far as all this rioting stuff, How is that going?
It's
Well,
Who?
Whatever?
Down Harris been peaceful, somewhat like reasonable. They tore down the courthouse, they mess up the courthouse pretty bad. And I'm
like, no, it's not good at all and it's getting so much worser down here and I'm like, well, I mean because I'm from north Carolina, so it's like to me it's normal, but to other people that like, this is not the normal and I'm like, what is now? You know? So I just try to go out and get things and come straight home and try to do it here, try to do most of my stuff virtually like because I go to school. So I try to do things virtually and stay connected school and stuff because it gets crazy and I didn't know it was going to get that better. Like now that the protesters are, I'm going on, it's like the over is getting worse than now and it's getting so hard and I'm like, I wonder what like with the whole government and you know, stimulus checks and stuff, a lot of people are like, How are we going to survive off $1,200 all the time, especially when, you know, you're in school, but yet, you know that school is kind of your income. It's kind of tough around, it's like, it's really tough, but we make it work and we manage, you know,
Yes, it's not as easy because like me being used to being a college student and being in school all the time and didn't happen to go virtual with everything. It's been rough, it's a rough transition, but I'm trying to just trying to
What?
This
is?
Well
OMG it's a struggle is the struggle because you can't physically get the help that you need because I'm a hands on learner so I bought that, I could feel his pain, I'm very hands on and without it, it's kind of confusing.
Yes, it's just woof, it's been rough but maintaining
Yeah, well, criminal justice, funny, I crumble.
Right? I like, huh, But see because I want to be like a social worker, so I'm really getting into that and human services as well. Yeah. Yes,
and you'll
be my
daughter.
Uh huh, definitely. But normally normally I have a lot to like do, but because I had so much better time, I just caught up on everything and I just started just focusing on other things ahead of time so I can stay one step ahead. That's the only way that I'm gonna manage going virtually the school for sure.
Yes, I'll be trying so hard, I'm like uh so is it easy like when it comes to certain things and stuff, is it easy like post this whole covid situation before that?
Was there anything that you like enjoy to do or that you were able to do to have fun and stuff like that?
the
91
Oh, oh, so have you had like any, like, like family members come stateside or be around or
more?
morning, Yeah.
english
wal
mart.
no.
top.
wow. So you're like the only child of siblings?
on
thing.
The
black.
Oh, wow. And I know your parents probably were very upset about it.
That
is it?
What?
All
of it.
Wow. So he had three wives? What?
it is
What?
and you have um you have one kid?
Well, true,
almost.
Uh huh. Well, I can definitely agree about the month of bipolar disorder because yeah. Yeah, I got diagnosed with that and A. D. H. D.
Yes. And some days I have these great days
and then some days just be, feels like I'm off my rocker and I'm like what am I doing? And sometimes you just want to just cry and laugh at the same time. Like, well I don't know why and I hate those moments. I hate those um because you don't have too many people that understand. So they kind of like look down on you and stuff. It really I have those type of family members to in my family, it's not all, but most of them are definitely. Yes.
It's tough. It is very tough. But then, you know, my biggest supporter is my mom, I'm really, really close to my mama.
Yes. Now my other like my dad, I have other siblings, like I have to hold two brothers one little, I want one younger, one older and I have like a younger sister, so I'm not the only child, but from my mom, I am, so I'm trying to work what my cousins would say, four, but I mean, hey, so my mom is very hands on, she make sure I have everything I need and she makes sure I'm good and stuff because it's rough not having a lot of support like you want. Then on top of that, it didn't help that, you know, with me being gay, it didn't help at all. It kind of made my next one of my family just shut me off. But I think because there I called an old fashioned, well I don't really believe in, you know, the LGBTQ community and all that stuff, so it really got me shut down from a lot of my family, it's kind of like they just don't deal and I'm like, okay, cool, fine, I can't force a person to, so I would maintain without him.
wow, that is, oh, so you didn't have to even say anything, they just knew,
okay. And then, so have you ever, like, is are you the only one in your family that's like that, or do you have other family members like?
And interest
Well,
wow, that's hard, that's that's tough because it's like you got to keep it bottled up and deal with it, like it's really, really hard, it's not as easy as people think it is, A lot of people think, oh that should be easy, not when you know what type of family you're dealing with, it's definitely not easy, but if she has your support for sure and she has you back in her, I think she would be strong enough one of these days, definitely.
Well,
All
well,
wow, that's that is tough because once she now knowing her, she's probably going to be more excited once you get older and get to go out and move out and stuff because it seems like when you sheltered in you kind of that make sure he even more enthused to break out the box one of these days. But with her, like I can definitely say no, I have those types of family members to that are what I call religious, religious, I think they talk about is religion and then I have those same remember that some believe that you can go to hell for being gay. So it's like,
you, oh man, what is your point? Well, now that your parents being new, are they more supportive now or they just was like yeah we knew
going
on,
wow. And your brother is younger than you,
do she at least try to put forth effort and you know see you know her nieces and nephews?
It's
what?
Chicken.
Old fashioned. Oh my God.
What?
gosh
wow. So is her her her her brother is close to? Right.
I
Yeah
if you're voting for
Oh
wow, that is amazing. But always and it sucks because it's always family drama that draws siblings away from each other from,
it's not the best at all and the fact that a lot of blame got put on you, I know that had to be definitely tough on you too because it plays a big part, especially when you're a parent. Yes. Yeah, that's definitely tough. But then you have like best friends that you could go to. Like you still have like friends like maybe school friends or
well.
wow. That's close. That's real close, wow. So does she, do she stay around though? Like is she around your area though? Your
best best is
hey,
I
uh huh It's a lot of uh stuff the like adventure into their though. It's more like I would think of as low as a travel city or something. Not somewhere you
with
me.
Okay. Got you. So it's one of those like sit like steadfast type of states, you know, just okay. Got you now.
music.
no, I don't need bourbon. Tricky. Not
my
oh wow. But well issue about the Kentucky derby, I don't I really can't stand with. I think the only thing we got going for ourselves in Greenville is sports will have to be football and basketball. Sports teams.
Uh E C. U.
then
yeah, I mean it's more like I call a college town basically because we are vegan ear is just like football is the only thing. Football and basketball. Mostly football. We're definitely known for football other than that. Not too exciting. It's like living in the country for sure. Nothing
to shame.
It's
look
at that.
What?
Uh huh wow. Like a yard sale
Wolf man say you have two hours is right up literally up the street. Like, like the way I live at, you literally can go up the street and there is a yard sale, right? Hair,
what are type nick? The growing little community is just like, you can literally go right up the street and do something. But see me, I'm kind of a home body too. And I don't
do a lot of people either because a lot of people, I don't know, I just don't do a lot of people. I'm kind of an owner. I like being a loner. It makes me happier to be a loner even though everybody else in my family, like you should get out, do something and I'm like, no, I'm okay.
nobody
more McCain,
What,
What? Well, hey, that's why I told my mom at least I achieved something. I ended up like really exceeding the reading a our level that we had. I did a good job. I mean, I've read all the books I was supposed to read, I think they told us we had to read 100 books and I read all of the 100 with the school year. So it was really good. Like I'm like,
I
like books I love to read. I love horror books. I'm definitely in the horror books. Um poetry. I love poetry. Yeah, I love poetry. But also I would say maybe a little bit of action, but not that much. You're not really interaction at all.
And
I'm going,
Oh, so you're not into like the 50 shades at home
more into like Romeo Juliet. True.
What?
you know,
gadget? So it does that apply when it comes to like what movies you watching stuff is it like, like you do stay away from the horror and do the romance No son.
What?
For for
this,
well,
well.
And
wow. Yeah. You know, and it's crazy because my mom has like nightmares about like the grudge and the purge. I I just recently got her to watch all the purges last Halloween and it was a shocker to see her even survived because she does not do her. She does not, she's a lifetime slash hallmark movie type of woman.
Well
that was
a good movie,
but
wow. Do you watch on, do you watch like, let's see since you like, okay, since you like supernatural, do you watch anything like maybe on the lines of Riverdale or legacies Vampire Diary?
Okay, Vampire, you'll get hooked. I've been to watch that in a week.
You will definitely get hooked on that for sure. And Now 13 reasons why it's a good show, but it's not like something you probably would Binge watch because I mean it's it's how do I say it's triggering to some people because of the topics that's in it, like suicide and stuff like that. It's
not
it's
that was definitely I have to note I turned it off after like episode three, I was like that's it. I can't then I start binge watching the walking dead now that I'm addicted to to that's my guilty pleasure. I love zombie movie
like her, I can understand why some people would feel that way about horror movies though because sometimes they get come out of control, but
that's why I lean more into like romance slash comedy now because other than that, no, no, not at all, but that's my
Oh that was a good movie,
wow, so when you, did, you used to go out to the theaters or would you rent them?
wow, that is not bad at all.
it
is, wow, So
did Little Friend,
it's
come on
work.
wow, that is, wow. At the end of the day, sometimes people do things like for instance they watch stuff because they think they're gonna do it or they jump on the bandwagon because they think it's the right thing, like most people do and then they find out what do they get yourself into, and then it's just like, downhill after that, and that's what tends to happen like with me. I, I wouldn't say I try not to be on impulse, I try not to, but some things is just like, okay, let me see, or I got to have, I'm trying to work on that though, but I'm, because it kind of scares me sometimes when I'd be so sporadic sometimes, like, I'm like, I'm gonna go do this. It is, yeah, and a lot of people be like, huh, why would dream and think that was okay? I did, and I'm like, well, I can't help it, you know, it's just, my brain works different. It thinks different.
Yes, and I mean, it
it's,
what? Yes, and I've dealt with that and how it happened was my bipolar illness got triggered because I have a chemical imbalance in my head, because I used to have seizures. Yeah, I used to thank God I don't anymore, but I used to have seizures and I would stay out anywhere between 24 and 48 hours sometimes. Yeah, and it took a toll on my brain over the years. And the last one I had, I was 11.5 from 12 years old and then I stopped having them all together
and
it left me with the last thing effect of having a chemical imbalance in my head, which means I knew it was going to start happening different things that didn't used to bother me. I noticed they started bothering me and stuff. So my mom took me to the doctor and that's what they told me. That was like, yeah, you're bipolar there and a little cat skins and all that stuff on me. I had I was hooked up to a monitor. I had to take home a monitor one time so they can monitor my brain waves and stuff. But they knew from that day on I was never going to be the same and I'm like huh? And I hate having those down days versus the updates. Hate
it.
Located,
Well.
Well.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah I do. It's it's very it's definitely challenging because that's what my brain do. Like I'll be focused on today but then I'll be thinking about tomorrow and everybody and my mom always get me because she's like tomorrow isn't promised. But then when she realized okay there was something wrong and she took a friend, she felt out then not only on top of that, not only on top of being a PhD and bipolar, she also felt out that I was O. C. D. So everything has to be your
I can't like I count things more than one time. It's got to be a certain number. I, everything gotta be facing the same way. I don't like this organization. Everything got to be clean around me. The area around me has to be clean because I wake up anywhere between 2 33 o'clock in the morning just bussing dishes and my mom like what in the world I'm like don't worry about me. Like I'm not, I was like, it's just one of those things, it's like you want to try to turn it off which came there is mind long. Very
and
got
Happy
little
and I believe
I do the same thing. Like even when it comes
down to money every I can't, everything got to be the right facing the right direction or I just freaked out. And I was like, oh my God, let me fix it, let me help you. I'm like, I can't and
that's cool.
good.
that is definitely how I am and I and I I think is sometimes I used to blame myself for being that way. But then I thought about it, I was like, but I can't really help it. I hate it. I feel like a burden sometimes because I feel like the odd person out and I'm around. That's another reason I don't like a lot of people because I feel like okay, I'm trying to work to people that don't understand what I am kind of uh so I'm just really not. No, I try not feel, you know, try to graze over there definitely. And with the browser situation like minds right now I have like about four, maybe 4 to 10 browsers open right now,
But now it is, yes, but now it is, but it probably get worser before the day is over with
that
is the
I always thought about getting me a therapist too though, like I always thought about maybe happening like investing one and try to see how it works out because I tried a psychiatrist and it I don't know, maybe I was too young, that's why because I was like 14, 15 when I tried that And now what will be in 27? I'm like maybe I should, you know, maybe I should give it another go, maybe it might work this time.
wow.
No.
One
hour
breathe.
wow, I'm gonna make a mental note of that then because I'm gonna have to yeah, I'm gonna have to try something,
Said
okay, I'm gonna
definitely look welcome
to.
It
more
right, that is awesome, I'm gonna I'm gonna look into that for sure because yeah, it would probably make me feel a lot better, it's gonna happen to feel like a weight on my shoulder, on the chest, it makes you feel better for sure.
You know?
So basically you would definitely have bad anxiety too.
now because you I will make a huge difference,
that's not nothing wrong with that. I definitely encourage anybody to do that too, because you want to know what's wrong. And I told my mom, I said after all this is over, like half of this stuff die down. I'm gonna also go probably by the end of this year and see can I get a full
body physical? But sure for sure, for sure, that's that's that's number one thing that I'm going for, for sure for this year's out, because I want to know if something else is wrong because I want to know how I can, you know? Six,
And I don't blame you for to not being afraid of medication to stuff because a lot of people, even though I'm not a pill person if I have to, I definitely will, that makes me feel better. For sure. I definitely will.
Well,
no.
wow. In the course of the day, wow, 72.
How? Yeah,
I know that doesn't bother you knowing that okay, you have to do this or is it more like you feel like, well, I don't want to, I just want to keep control of the situation.
it.
what?
Well, I'm definitely gonna definitely look into seeing what more because I feel like, I feel like sometimes I feel like my meds, like I feel like taking meds, they help and
they help
in the preventive way. But at the end of the day, most people would be like got over the years and stuff and be like, oh, I don't want to get addicted and stuff, but he won't get addicted if you take the right amount. And I'm like, I would definitely And then with a psychiatrist or therapist, either one basically they can help me figure out Okay, why I'm feeling the way I be feeling most days actually on my off days. Huh? My off days I just cried so much. And I'm like what in the world? I hate it for sure. So that's one thing that I'm gonna do when this pandemic is guided so down.
But
you are persistent.
That is that is definitely like as tough but at the same time you seem definitely on the up and up for sure. Like today definitely I feel on the up and up to because like of course before the survey started and stuff, they asked like about your feelings and I'm like what? Today is a good day. Today is a great. So I went with it like that because at first I was like the last one I did I was going up and up when I did that too. But the person
that I had the last time, which was a guy, it was kind of a port like socially off he, he was kind of like, you know, asking can we be best friends and stuff? And I'm like, what? It was it was,
It was awkward. I was like, oh no. Mm
And that
was
what gave me the courage because I was playing in my head, I was like, I just get me somebody that's not like super per verdict or creepy or something. Like get me like at least somebody I can relate. It
was
you, it was awesome. He was really awesome. And it
felt
like
I
definitely knew. It felt like I kind of knew like a like a long distant friend or something. Like as soon as you started talking, I was like, oh yes, like yeah, she's gonna be awesome.
And I didn't even know see that's how you know that you was a good conversation is because I didn't even know that it was three or one. Oh,
I didn't even
What
was something anything? Well, we definitely succeeded a time that we went past 45 minutes. We did a whole over.
Yes. Well you make sure you stay safe
and make sure you stay on the up and up and
control, you know, push forward and whenever you talk to your daughter, tell her that stay encouraged, tell us that they encourage and everything will work out just fine
and you try to enjoy the rest of your dad. That's almost gone.
Okay, that's it.