SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: Hey how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm kelly. What about y'all
SPEAKER_L: I'm prayer enough
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you, I'll um set the timer really quick, Hold on one second. Okay, have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've done one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Did two of them a while ago but it's been a couple of months now so um actually the last couple of people didn't show up so I was like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was like oh darn, I hope that the next one shows up, so I'm glad that you did.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm here so tell me a little bit about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: well I just got off work um a work in telecom, so I'm a project manager, so I work a lot with like cell towers and deployment of like um like for a T. And T. And Verizon and sprint and them really crazy day so I'm still like just like right to clear my mind. Um And my dogs eating dinner right by my feet so hopefully you can hear him. Um
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: Making
SPEAKER_L: you're good.
SPEAKER_R: too much nice. Okay, good. Um What about you?
SPEAKER_L: um Well I'm a student so I'm certainly taking online classes. I had a day off today, I don't have any classes today um slower up tomorrow so yeah it's nice to have a three day weekend. Um But yeah I've kind of been relaxing, I had a lot of homework do this past week so I've just been letting myself relax a little bit before getting back into this so I've had a pretty relaxing day so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's why it's good to get one of those men, What are you studying,
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm going to double major in psychology and biological Anthropology.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's really cool. How do you like it so far?
SPEAKER_L: um Well I'm 1/4 year and I really
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: really like it, I'm planning on going to grad school for psychology, I'm probably gonna take a gap year and then go into that afterwards but I love my major, no
SPEAKER_R: good. It did get you want to like be a psychologist or are you just um taking that path because you're interested in it or is it like a career path that you want someday?
SPEAKER_L: I think ideally I'd want to be like a professor at a four year university, hopefully doing research but also kind of teaching as well so
SPEAKER_R: Cool. That's pretty awesome. I am majored in sustainability but I didn't
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: end up getting a job in that field, I mean I could if I actually, my current work I could kind of go down that path of sustainability but um more did it just because I was like interested in it and I needed a break from working um and I loved it, I'm so glad and I still kind of thought about grad school every once in a while, but I just haven't like taking that leap if you want to lose days, it's a pretty big commitment.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of what was your reasoning for not going to grad school?
SPEAKER_R: Um At that point I just didn't want to deal with like loans and more more of that. And um I had already like worked a bunch of years and then I just like took time off to go back to school and then I realized like it kind of sucks being like a broke college student again, so I like kind of work again. But I also like, I don't know maybe I could find some kind of like happy medium where like grad school online part time or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that makes sense. Grad school is so expensive. So
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, but it's worth it if you're in a field that you are like going on a path that you love. So it sounds like that's what you found. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I got really, really lucky. I kind of knew what I wanted to do before even going into college because my parents kind of drilled into me like you have to pick your major like as soon as you can. So I spent a lot of time thinking about it and I got really lucky and it ended ended up being something that I actually liked. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Pretty cool. That's really awesome. What's up on the wall behind you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually at my boyfriend's place so he has a lot of his things that he likes, there's some, he'll take like albums and he'll take the little paper bit that comes in the front heel, put that up. He has a couple of groupers. Um That's a painting I did for him. It's not very good, but he insisted on putting it up. Um
SPEAKER_R: No, it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: And then here I'm actually a part of an acapella group and we do like concerts every quarter because we're on a quarter system. Um And so that's one of our posters from one of our favorite concerts.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. It almost looks like it's from a movie. It was trying to figure out like what that is.
SPEAKER_L: we tried to do like a wild west kind of theme, so it's like, it's like intervals that are alive intervals is the name of the group, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty cool. Then you must like to sing I'm guessing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've kind of saying like all my life as far as I can remember, like I have home videos of me like jamming out on like a fake guitar and just singing. So something I've stuck with and they're like,
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. That's pretty cool. I've always wished like if I had one skill that I could magically have, that it would be singing. You kind of either like have it or you don't Right? So
SPEAKER_L: that's fair.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm not like horrible at it, but not good enough that I would ever want to like do it in front of anybody
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: except
SPEAKER_L: makes us
SPEAKER_R: like like alone where No, no in my car. That's like my time to sing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I know and I sing all the time and I still get nervous in front of people so I like sing in the shower and then like not around the house and so. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you? Oh sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I was just going to continue on with music. What kind of music do you like?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. I kind of love everything. I know that's like a generic answer. But um trying to think could have been into lately. Um There's this group called the Maria's that I've been like loving lately. I don't know if you've ever heard of them but
SPEAKER_L: Don't think
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: I have?
SPEAKER_R: the gosh they're so good if you get a chance just like look up their music because it's like super mellow when you, it's probably good for like studying even like and you just need to like lock super mellow chill. Um They're
SPEAKER_L: What genre
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: are they?
SPEAKER_R: Um Gosh I'm trying to think what I would even consider them kind of like indie, it's like mellow indie kind of and the lead singer has like a really cool like unique voice. Um I would say definitely check them out. I think like super listening to them lately. Trying to think.
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: in days. That sounds great.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I kind of like roti of like one of them to or who I'm listening to. Um. Yeah, and I think also been listening to a um what about you? I'll think of more. I need to look at my Spotify playlist to like you and like deeper into
SPEAKER_L: Um I like and I kind of like you, I like anything pretty much not country music, that's like the one genre I tend to stay away from. Um But
SPEAKER_R: same.
SPEAKER_L: if you had to pick a favorite would be like indie rock probably. Um I don't know if you've heard of Young The Giant, but there's like my favorite band
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Wait what is like their most popular song?
SPEAKER_L: uh cough syrup apartment. My body. Those are three of the really popular songs.
SPEAKER_R: Like I know their name but I don't like, I can't think of any of the songs off the top of my head. I'll have to go look look them up though, I'm pretty sure I know them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I found out about them just like a couple of years ago. Um There's like my favorite band. I haven't only been to one concert and it's been their concert, so it was really nice.
SPEAKER_R: sure. Uh So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's like the one bummer about this whole pandemic thing is like live music is like my favorite thing ever. Like I love going to concerts and I used to go time no, with the pandemic. I haven't gone to any, I've watched a couple like live streams and those have been in some ways they're even like a little bit better or a little different than a concert because like, like the cameras like right on your, like the artist like you know and they're like doing like a live stream right there for you but it's still not like the whole concert um atmosphere like you really miss that. Can't wait to go back to that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just started getting into concert. I was like, oh my god, I can't wait to go to so many more and then everything kind of shut down so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I bet the young the giant one was probably like super good and full of energy. This was like awesome.
SPEAKER_L: it was no good and it was actually it was a dual concert. So they had a couple of openers and then they shared the concert with Fitz and the Tantrums. Uh I don't know if you've heard any music
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: of them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So yeah, they had like a shared concert so Fitz and the Tantrums with the first happened Young The Giant was a second. And so by that time the lights or the sun has started gone like go down and by the end of the concert it was completely dark. There's one song they have called Fireflies which is like this really emotional song and that's the song where everyone brought out their lighters and did the whole thing. So
SPEAKER_R: I like, I love that kind of like when that happens at concerts man, can't wait for this like lockdown to be over. Some things can get back to normal. It's like missing things.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I think it's especially been hard being in a college town because there's still people here who are partying and not really paying attention to the rules and so the colleges like yeah don't party and you can report things and we'll take care of it but they don't do anything ever. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mm Yeah, that's kind of I live in Arizona people here are like not super green about basques a little bit like I don't, I don't know how to put it nicely but a lot of times like I'll be somewhere somewhere really crowded and like people have them like pulled down or like not on all the way. I'm like, oh no like don't do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I live in California so it's super liberal here and people do where their message usually when I go to like a grocery store or something, people have their masks on. But like in our little college town you'll see like big groups of people just walking down the street, no one's got a mask on, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. The other day I walked into the grocery store and I like honestly forgot to put it on and I was like looking at something and I could like fuel. Somebody looks like staring down, staring me down. And I like looked over and there was a guy that worked there just like scowling at me with this like super mean look on his face that I realized I was like, oh shit, I know my mask on. So I like, I like mouth to him like I forgot like we put it on and went on my way but like crap. I was one of those people for a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Well, at least you realized really quickly and you're not, I mean, there are some people who will, like, even once you tell them to put on a mask, they won't put on a mask. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am took a flight to Denver a couple months ago and the guy next to me on the plane was like trying to talk to me and he kept like, please mask down to
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: talk to me. And like no man, you're like right in my face. Like I don't want to breathe your door was like please put back. I'm not even like that paranoid about catching it or anything. But I just, I don't really want to be like breathing in a stranger's terms catholic.
SPEAKER_L: And it's coming courtesy, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was like, man, come on. Like please stop pulling your thing down. So at some point I just kind of like like zoned him out like shut my eyes. I could stop talking to me. What kind of bad, but I don't know what else to do. I should have got headphones, but I did it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I look, we haven't had that issue. I I the only places have really been are like my college town and then sometimes I'll drive back home for like breaks and stuff. So people in both places, like the people that I like, my family is super cautious and all my friends here super cautious. So I'm thankfully haven't had too many bad experiences
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you know anyone who's link had coronavirus?
SPEAKER_L: and I have like acquaintances that have had like, I like I follow them on social media or something and I'll see that they've got it, but I don't know anyone who like, I know really well who's had it.
SPEAKER_R: same. Which is kind of surprising considering like what's going on right now. But it's like I'm alright not knowing anyone up close that has it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's not the worst thing. So, so what do you want to do once the pandemic? Because I've had like all these ideas like, oh my God, now I have to do this, I have to do this. Name. Is this, so what are your top list top? You're listening?
SPEAKER_R: traveling more for fun. Like I do miss that. Like I had all these like places I want to go and I could still do it, but it's like just don't really like want to right now, you know? So like traveling for fun, just like going wherever you want without having to drive there on your own and getting together with my family and like not worrying about like maybe getting someone sick, you know, like just and just like hanging out with a group of people without everybody wondering like what, like what's going to happen? Like could one of us in fact everybody else you know? Uh Those would be the big ones. So what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, I think it depends on when pandemic ends because senior year I am such a procrastinator. I put everything off that I want to do until senior year. I was like, oh, I'll do this, I'll have enough time, I'll go do this. So like, because I also, I live on like on the ocean, on the ocean. That's where the campuses. So I like told myself freshman year is like, I'm going to learn how to surf and then I did it one day we could welcome and never again. So like at some point I have to go surfing again, but I don't really feel comfortable going to the beach is when there's a bunch of people there. So I want to do that. I want to go to a lot of concerts. So yeah, it kind of depends on when it, when it ends because I miss my friends a lot. But after college I'm not really going to see them, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You want to get to hang out with them while you can surfing is really hard by the way. Holy shit. I tried it once and like how the fuck did people do this is so hard.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I think I may just stay upright for like two seconds and that was my max. I felt so proud.
SPEAKER_R: same. And like like have you ever been caught in the under toe? Kind of like a wave? Like when you're
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it's this crazy feeling like we're the like you're in the water and the wave just like pummeling you and you kind of feel like you're just like in a washing machine like spinning. I like have one of those when I
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: was trying to learn how to surf and I was kind of like I don't know, fairly like this. I think I'll stick to like snorkeling. I would try it again. Maybe one of these. There's but um yeah, it's tough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I really want to learn because I love swimming and I love the water and I feel like it was something that be right up my alley. But then it was really hard. But I'm hoping now because now I've learned how to skateboard since then and I'm hoping that might help me maybe get some better balance because I'm sure
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that was the worst
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: the balance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is tough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. Yeah. And the story about how I got my skateboard was really weird to, it was obviously a story of laziness because when I in my freshman year, I lived like on a campus dorm, but it was technically off campus, it was like a mile off, it was still owned by the university. So every time I would like I had my bike and I would bike to and from campus, but they were like a couple of like really big hills and I and like not athletic whatsoever, so I would be like struggling to get up those hills. So I was like, instead what I'll do is I'll learn how to skateboard, get a skateboard and then bust a campus and then to skateboard on campus. So that's how I ended up learning how to skateboard because I was too lazy and tired.
SPEAKER_R: Do you like know any tricks or just like regular
SPEAKER_L: Now, regular reporting, I told myself I would learn tricks and then surprised I didn't. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's still time for that. That's a good like pandemic activity I guess. Trying to figure out how to like do all these or whatever they're called.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I technically don't have a skateboard. I have a long board. So those are like, they have slightly different drinks. Some of my friends have skateboards. I could probably borrow those.
SPEAKER_R: I'm nice. That's fun. Yeah. They'll be like another thing once things get back to normal is like being able to like pursue hobbies without like you feel like you can't really like do things right now like taking classes or like learning things like it's just, it's hard unless you want to do every single thing online, which it's fun. Like up to your point. But you can't really take like a pottery class online or like glass blowing class. Don't, you know, like artsy stuff, You kind of need to be there in person for it.
SPEAKER_L: No, my sister actually, she goes to a school where they do a lot of like artsy stuff. It's, it's a private school and so they're really focused on including the arts and so they do have like pottery classes and like leather working and all these things and so they were struggling figuring out how to do it. I think now they have like hybrid so they have some online of those platform person but for a while there like I guess we're not going to do art or we're going to give them all the supplies they need and send them home with it. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You cut out there a little bit, but I think
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I heard most heard most of it. Do you have any like artsy electives that you have to take?
SPEAKER_L: So yeah I took because I also went to that school for a couple of years and so I took some of those Archie classes. I one of my favorite ones is bookbinding which
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: are?
SPEAKER_L: I just got to make books. It was so fun. Um And I've just been pottery that was really nice. Um I wasn't good at any of them. I'm not a very art inclined person. That's my sister. I got the singing and she got the art, but it was still fun nonetheless.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's a fair trade though. Um I remember taking like photography, black and white photography
SPEAKER_L: Four.
SPEAKER_R: um when I went back to school and I loved it and after the classes end because I took it for like two or three semesters because I loved it so much. I like promised myself I would find a dark room and like find a way to continue it. And then of course, like I couldn't find any way of like developing film photos unless I like turn my bathroom into a dark room. I thought about it. But um I haven't checked in well, so maybe maybe there's someplace like have a dark room around here nowadays, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The doctor is really interesting. I've only ever done like the digital kind, but dark ones are really cool. I don't really know much about it too. It's like because they never really, they never really teach you about on this. You're taking a class specifically for that. So
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep. I like digital photography too. It's like then one of my things forever. Um One of these days I'll get like a super good camera, but I kind of like just like using my phone and trying to do the best I can with like a phone, like a simple a simple lens.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's really fun to try and come up with ways and plus phone cameras nowadays are really, really good. So
SPEAKER_R: No kidding. Sometimes I'm like jeez, that was a phone but took it, maybe I don't need a fancy camera.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you just got a fancy camera built right in. Yeah. Yeah. I also wanted to get, I've had so many like hobbies that I started and never finished photography with another one of them because I took a class for that and it's like, oh, this is so cool, I'm going to continue it and then I I never did. So you should
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: get back
SPEAKER_R: painting
SPEAKER_L: into that.
SPEAKER_R: with the painting back there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that one I, so I normally hate painting. I get so frustrated because I can't ever get anything right. So it's very rare that I actually complete something. So I just did that one and I was like, you know what, I'm going to try and finish it. It didn't really turn out how I wanted, but I was like, you know, just keep, just push through it to finish it, just get it done. And then so I got it done. But
SPEAKER_R: It's cool. Was it like like something you visualized in your head or was it like something you were painting
SPEAKER_L: no, no,
SPEAKER_R: of a. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I took a picture of the internet is like, okay, this seems simple enough and I completely messed it up but it still looks okay. It looks nothing like how it was supposed to look.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It looks well from here. It looks pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I've done that too. Is like watercolor painting. Like I really wanted to like be good at it when my friends is like super amazingly good at it. And like we have these painting days and like her stuff would look super amazing and incredible and mind would look like something a three year old like I don't have like that. Like, like I think it's like the right side of your brain is like a creative spatial like ability to paint things. Like I just like don't have that like my brain or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No, I'm with you there. It's I guess I'm frustrating my sister because she, she makes it look so effortless. Like right now she's doing for her senior project, like this massive canvas as like a self portrait and it already looks incredible, it's not done. And I'm like, why can't I do that? But then I remember I have I have other things, I shouldn't worry. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: You have singing too. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's exactly a grass is greener on the other side type of thing. Like I kind of forget that singing is, it's a really cool ability and I should I should enjoy it, I should be proud of that. So
SPEAKER_R: What's like your favorite genre to like sing?
SPEAKER_L: Ooh, I guess kind of like R and B or like jazzy pop. I feel like my voice is really well suited to that because I'm not I don't sing Hi, I have a very low voice and so a lot of like pop songs kind of have higher voice, their first sopranos with a higher voices, so I can't do that. So I like some of the smoother slower songs.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. I'm jealous. I still again.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Oh it
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: looks like our time is do we go over time?
SPEAKER_R: uh no I think we have 3.5 minutes left.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Oh yes, it's the other way. Thank you. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I think they like used to be 20 minutes long. I can't remember, but for some reason I thought they were a little bit shorter. Like the the chats.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I thought they were 20 minutes to, but I think they are 25. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they probably did. I'm glad you showed up because like um if your partner doesn't show up, you're supposed to wait for like five minutes anyways. But then I like feel a little paranoid like better like wait a little bit longer, like just just in case they like show up. Um So it ends up being like a little bit of time, time waster. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: The last
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: time I
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: did it though they sent out, I think it was like there was like four or five rounds of it that you could do. Um I was like okay, I'll talk to a stranger for like 20 minutes and get paid cover much or not having fun.
SPEAKER_L: I think you can do it six times this year and I think it's like $15 each time. So music
SPEAKER_R: let's, it's like easy money.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, might as well make the $90 or whatever it is, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like, um using it too well for the last time I was using it to table for a laptop, which I ended up getting. But like, it's fun to pick like some totally random thing that I normally like don't really need and need like kinda want to by myself and then just like save up the money for it. And um my work does these like bonus things where like if you help someone from another team, they can like thank you by giving you like amazon gift card points. So like between prolific and racking up the points at work, I'm like, like rolling in the gift cards. It's kind of nice. Well
SPEAKER_L: I feel like that's something that I kind of want to continue because I tend to not spend things on myself. So I feel like if I have some extra bonus money, I'm like okay this is like a little I can spend this on me, It's a little fun thing. Yeah. Right
SPEAKER_R: Have you
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: ever
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: used,
SPEAKER_L: sorry go
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: was that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh you go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to ask. Have you ever used? Um it's like the other one kind of like prolific called mturk but it's by amazon, have you ever heard of that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm trying to get an account for that right now so I think I'm still waiting on female. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so there's like a lot. So I've been on there for like years just doing the same thing like every once in a while just like log in and like take survey and make some money. But there's lots of little shortcuts you can find a want like um maximize because it's not set up as nice as prolific. It's like way more chaotic a little bit. So definitely like do your research because there's like browser extensions and stuff you can add to like maximize your time on there and you can actually make decent money if you have those all like going for you.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely look into that because I know I was looking at it. They're like you can only do a certain amount per day or can only earn a certain about earn a certain amount per day or something like that so
SPEAKER_R: I think they lift that like they might have limited it to just make sure it wasn't like, you know, like a fraudulent bot like doing
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: stuff. But I bet after a while they just like lift it and you can like, I think I have like unlimited. I can just like if I wanted to do mturk all day. I don't want to though. But there's like super weird tests on there to like reviewing a surgeon, like doing remote surgeries, like reading them and they're just like the most random things on there
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: ever. Yeah, some
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: things you probably don't want to see. But uh There's there's definitely a lot of stuff on there and we're actually 25 right now.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool. So well
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: it was nice meeting you all and good luck
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: too,
SPEAKER_R: your school and your singing and everything
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Good luck with your work
SPEAKER_R: jane.
SPEAKER_L: and all that you do. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thanks. Sorry. Bye.