Hey,
good, how are you?
I'm kelly. What about y'all
nice to meet you, I'll um set the timer really quick, Hold on one second. Okay, have you done one of these before?
Yeah. Um Did two of them a while ago but it's been a couple of months now so um actually the last couple of people didn't show up so I was like
yeah, I was like oh darn, I hope that the next one shows up, so I'm glad that you did.
well I just got off work um a work in telecom, so I'm a project manager, so I work a lot with like cell towers and deployment of like um like for a T. And T. And Verizon and sprint and them really crazy day so I'm still like just like right to clear my mind. Um And my dogs eating dinner right by my feet so hopefully you can hear him. Um
Making
too much nice. Okay, good. Um What about you?
Yeah, that's why it's good to get one of those men, What are you studying,
wow, that's really cool. How do you like it so far?
That's
good. It did get you want to like be a psychologist or are you just um taking that path because you're interested in it or is it like a career path that you want someday?
Cool. That's pretty awesome. I am majored in sustainability but I didn't
end up getting a job in that field, I mean I could if I actually, my current work I could kind of go down that path of sustainability but um more did it just because I was like interested in it and I needed a break from working um and I loved it, I'm so glad and I still kind of thought about grad school every once in a while, but I just haven't like taking that leap if you want to lose days, it's a pretty big commitment.
Um At that point I just didn't want to deal with like loans and more more of that. And um I had already like worked a bunch of years and then I just like took time off to go back to school and then I realized like it kind of sucks being like a broke college student again, so I like kind of work again. But I also like, I don't know maybe I could find some kind of like happy medium where like grad school online part time or something.
Uh Yeah, but it's worth it if you're in a field that you are like going on a path that you love. So it sounds like that's what you found. That's really cool.
Yeah. Pretty cool. That's really awesome. What's up on the wall behind you?
No, it's cool.
Oh cool. It almost looks like it's from a movie. It was trying to figure out like what that is.
Pretty cool. Then you must like to sing I'm guessing.
Oh nice. That's pretty cool. I've always wished like if I had one skill that I could magically have, that it would be singing. You kind of either like have it or you don't Right? So
yeah, I'm not like horrible at it, but not good enough that I would ever want to like do it in front of anybody
except
like like alone where No, no in my car. That's like my time to sing.
That's pretty cool.
What?
go ahead.
Oh my gosh. I kind of love everything. I know that's like a generic answer. But um trying to think could have been into lately. Um There's this group called the Maria's that I've been like loving lately. I don't know if you've ever heard of them but
it's like
the gosh they're so good if you get a chance just like look up their music because it's like super mellow when you, it's probably good for like studying even like and you just need to like lock super mellow chill. Um They're
good.
Um Gosh I'm trying to think what I would even consider them kind of like indie, it's like mellow indie kind of and the lead singer has like a really cool like unique voice. Um I would say definitely check them out. I think like super listening to them lately. Trying to think.
Well
yeah I kind of like roti of like one of them to or who I'm listening to. Um. Yeah, and I think also been listening to a um what about you? I'll think of more. I need to look at my Spotify playlist to like you and like deeper into
same.
Yes. Wait what is like their most popular song?
Like I know their name but I don't like, I can't think of any of the songs off the top of my head. I'll have to go look look them up though, I'm pretty sure I know them.
sure. Uh So
that's like the one bummer about this whole pandemic thing is like live music is like my favorite thing ever. Like I love going to concerts and I used to go time no, with the pandemic. I haven't gone to any, I've watched a couple like live streams and those have been in some ways they're even like a little bit better or a little different than a concert because like, like the cameras like right on your, like the artist like you know and they're like doing like a live stream right there for you but it's still not like the whole concert um atmosphere like you really miss that. Can't wait to go back to that.
Yeah. I bet the young the giant one was probably like super good and full of energy. This was like awesome.
heard
of them. Yeah.
I like, I love that kind of like when that happens at concerts man, can't wait for this like lockdown to be over. Some things can get back to normal. It's like missing things.
Yeah. Mm Yeah, that's kind of I live in Arizona people here are like not super green about basques a little bit like I don't, I don't know how to put it nicely but a lot of times like I'll be somewhere somewhere really crowded and like people have them like pulled down or like not on all the way. I'm like, oh no like don't do that.
Uh huh. The other day I walked into the grocery store and I like honestly forgot to put it on and I was like looking at something and I could like fuel. Somebody looks like staring down, staring me down. And I like looked over and there was a guy that worked there just like scowling at me with this like super mean look on his face that I realized I was like, oh shit, I know my mask on. So I like, I like mouth to him like I forgot like we put it on and went on my way but like crap. I was one of those people for a little bit.
Yeah. I am took a flight to Denver a couple months ago and the guy next to me on the plane was like trying to talk to me and he kept like, please mask down to
talk to me. And like no man, you're like right in my face. Like I don't want to breathe your door was like please put back. I'm not even like that paranoid about catching it or anything. But I just, I don't really want to be like breathing in a stranger's terms catholic.
Yeah. I was like, man, come on. Like please stop pulling your thing down. So at some point I just kind of like like zoned him out like shut my eyes. I could stop talking to me. What kind of bad, but I don't know what else to do. I should have got headphones, but I did it.
Yeah. Do you know anyone who's link had coronavirus?
same. Which is kind of surprising considering like what's going on right now. But it's like I'm alright not knowing anyone up close that has it.
traveling more for fun. Like I do miss that. Like I had all these like places I want to go and I could still do it, but it's like just don't really like want to right now, you know? So like traveling for fun, just like going wherever you want without having to drive there on your own and getting together with my family and like not worrying about like maybe getting someone sick, you know, like just and just like hanging out with a group of people without everybody wondering like what, like what's going to happen? Like could one of us in fact everybody else you know? Uh Those would be the big ones. So what about you?
Yeah. You want to get to hang out with them while you can surfing is really hard by the way. Holy shit. I tried it once and like how the fuck did people do this is so hard.
same. And like like have you ever been caught in the under toe? Kind of like a wave? Like when you're
it's this crazy feeling like we're the like you're in the water and the wave just like pummeling you and you kind of feel like you're just like in a washing machine like spinning. I like have one of those when I
was trying to learn how to surf and I was kind of like I don't know, fairly like this. I think I'll stick to like snorkeling. I would try it again. Maybe one of these. There's but um yeah, it's tough.
I'm
that
was
weird.
Yeah. It is tough.
Do you like know any tricks or just like regular
Yeah. There's still time for that. That's a good like pandemic activity I guess. Trying to figure out how to like do all these or whatever they're called.
I'm nice. That's fun. Yeah. They'll be like another thing once things get back to normal is like being able to like pursue hobbies without like you feel like you can't really like do things right now like taking classes or like learning things like it's just, it's hard unless you want to do every single thing online, which it's fun. Like up to your point. But you can't really take like a pottery class online or like glass blowing class. Don't, you know, like artsy stuff, You kind of need to be there in person for it.
Yeah. You cut out there a little bit, but I think
I heard most heard most of it. Do you have any like artsy electives that you have to take?
Who
are?
Yeah. That's a fair trade though. Um I remember taking like photography, black and white photography
um when I went back to school and I loved it and after the classes end because I took it for like two or three semesters because I loved it so much. I like promised myself I would find a dark room and like find a way to continue it. And then of course, like I couldn't find any way of like developing film photos unless I like turn my bathroom into a dark room. I thought about it. But um I haven't checked in well, so maybe maybe there's someplace like have a dark room around here nowadays, I don't know.
yep, yep. I like digital photography too. It's like then one of my things forever. Um One of these days I'll get like a super good camera, but I kind of like just like using my phone and trying to do the best I can with like a phone, like a simple a simple lens.
No kidding. Sometimes I'm like jeez, that was a phone but took it, maybe I don't need a fancy camera.
about
painting
with the painting back there?
It's cool. Was it like like something you visualized in your head or was it like something you were painting
of a. Yeah.
Yes. It looks well from here. It looks pretty cool.
I've done that too. Is like watercolor painting. Like I really wanted to like be good at it when my friends is like super amazingly good at it. And like we have these painting days and like her stuff would look super amazing and incredible and mind would look like something a three year old like I don't have like that. Like, like I think it's like the right side of your brain is like a creative spatial like ability to paint things. Like I just like don't have that like my brain or something.
Yeah exactly.
You have singing too. That's pretty cool.
What's like your favorite genre to like sing?
Yeah. That's cool. I'm jealous. I still again.
Well
uh no I think we have 3.5 minutes left.
I think they like used to be 20 minutes long. I can't remember, but for some reason I thought they were a little bit shorter. Like the the chats.
they probably did. I'm glad you showed up because like um if your partner doesn't show up, you're supposed to wait for like five minutes anyways. But then I like feel a little paranoid like better like wait a little bit longer, like just just in case they like show up. Um So it ends up being like a little bit of time, time waster. Yeah.
The last
time I
did it though they sent out, I think it was like there was like four or five rounds of it that you could do. Um I was like okay, I'll talk to a stranger for like 20 minutes and get paid cover much or not having fun.
let's, it's like easy money.
Yeah. I'm like, um using it too well for the last time I was using it to table for a laptop, which I ended up getting. But like, it's fun to pick like some totally random thing that I normally like don't really need and need like kinda want to by myself and then just like save up the money for it. And um my work does these like bonus things where like if you help someone from another team, they can like thank you by giving you like amazon gift card points. So like between prolific and racking up the points at work, I'm like, like rolling in the gift cards. It's kind of nice. Well
Have you
ever
used,
what
was that?
I was going to ask. Have you ever used? Um it's like the other one kind of like prolific called mturk but it's by amazon, have you ever heard of that?
Yeah, so there's like a lot. So I've been on there for like years just doing the same thing like every once in a while just like log in and like take survey and make some money. But there's lots of little shortcuts you can find a want like um maximize because it's not set up as nice as prolific. It's like way more chaotic a little bit. So definitely like do your research because there's like browser extensions and stuff you can add to like maximize your time on there and you can actually make decent money if you have those all like going for you.
I think they lift that like they might have limited it to just make sure it wasn't like, you know, like a fraudulent bot like doing
stuff. But I bet after a while they just like lift it and you can like, I think I have like unlimited. I can just like if I wanted to do mturk all day. I don't want to though. But there's like super weird tests on there to like reviewing a surgeon, like doing remote surgeries, like reading them and they're just like the most random things on there
ever. Yeah, some
things you probably don't want to see. But uh There's there's definitely a lot of stuff on there and we're actually 25 right now.
Well
it was nice meeting you all and good luck
with
your school and your singing and everything
jane.
Yeah. Thanks. Sorry. Bye.