Hey how's it going?
Good what's your name?
I'm prayer enough
Yeah I've done one.
No
yeah I'm here so tell me a little bit about yourself.
no
you're good.
um Well I'm a student so I'm certainly taking online classes. I had a day off today, I don't have any classes today um slower up tomorrow so yeah it's nice to have a three day weekend. Um But yeah I've kind of been relaxing, I had a lot of homework do this past week so I've just been letting myself relax a little bit before getting back into this so I've had a pretty relaxing day so
Uh I'm going to double major in psychology and biological Anthropology.
um Well I'm 1/4 year and I really
really like it, I'm planning on going to grad school for psychology, I'm probably gonna take a gap year and then go into that afterwards but I love my major, no
I think ideally I'd want to be like a professor at a four year university, hopefully doing research but also kind of teaching as well so
Whoa.
What kind of what was your reasoning for not going to grad school?
Yeah that makes sense. Grad school is so expensive. So
yeah I got really, really lucky. I kind of knew what I wanted to do before even going into college because my parents kind of drilled into me like you have to pick your major like as soon as you can. So I spent a lot of time thinking about it and I got really lucky and it ended ended up being something that I actually liked. So
I'm actually at my boyfriend's place so he has a lot of his things that he likes, there's some, he'll take like albums and he'll take the little paper bit that comes in the front heel, put that up. He has a couple of groupers. Um That's a painting I did for him. It's not very good, but he insisted on putting it up. Um
And then here I'm actually a part of an acapella group and we do like concerts every quarter because we're on a quarter system. Um And so that's one of our posters from one of our favorite concerts.
we tried to do like a wild west kind of theme, so it's like, it's like intervals that are alive intervals is the name of the group, so. Yeah.
Yeah, I've kind of saying like all my life as far as I can remember, like I have home videos of me like jamming out on like a fake guitar and just singing. So something I've stuck with and they're like,
that's fair.
That
makes us
yeah, I know and I sing all the time and I still get nervous in front of people so I like sing in the shower and then like not around the house and so. Mhm. Yeah.
Do
you? Oh sorry go ahead.
I was just going to continue on with music. What kind of music do you like?
Don't think
I have?
What genre
are they?
I like
in days. That sounds great.
Um I like and I kind of like you, I like anything pretty much not country music, that's like the one genre I tend to stay away from. Um But
if you had to pick a favorite would be like indie rock probably. Um I don't know if you've heard of Young The Giant, but there's like my favorite band
uh cough syrup apartment. My body. Those are three of the really popular songs.
Yeah. I found out about them just like a couple of years ago. Um There's like my favorite band. I haven't only been to one concert and it's been their concert, so it was really nice.
Mhm.
Yeah. I just started getting into concert. I was like, oh my god, I can't wait to go to so many more and then everything kind of shut down so.
it was no good and it was actually it was a dual concert. So they had a couple of openers and then they shared the concert with Fitz and the Tantrums. Uh I don't know if you've heard any music
but
Okay. So yeah, they had like a shared concert so Fitz and the Tantrums with the first happened Young The Giant was a second. And so by that time the lights or the sun has started gone like go down and by the end of the concert it was completely dark. There's one song they have called Fireflies which is like this really emotional song and that's the song where everyone brought out their lighters and did the whole thing. So
yeah. I think it's especially been hard being in a college town because there's still people here who are partying and not really paying attention to the rules and so the colleges like yeah don't party and you can report things and we'll take care of it but they don't do anything ever. So
Yeah and I live in California so it's super liberal here and people do where their message usually when I go to like a grocery store or something, people have their masks on. But like in our little college town you'll see like big groups of people just walking down the street, no one's got a mask on, so yeah.
Well, at least you realized really quickly and you're not, I mean, there are some people who will, like, even once you tell them to put on a mask, they won't put on a mask. So
no.
And it's coming courtesy, you know? Yeah,
Yeah. I look, we haven't had that issue. I I the only places have really been are like my college town and then sometimes I'll drive back home for like breaks and stuff. So people in both places, like the people that I like, my family is super cautious and all my friends here super cautious. So I'm thankfully haven't had too many bad experiences
and I have like acquaintances that have had like, I like I follow them on social media or something and I'll see that they've got it, but I don't know anyone who like, I know really well who's had it.
yeah, that's not the worst thing. So, so what do you want to do once the pandemic? Because I've had like all these ideas like, oh my God, now I have to do this, I have to do this. Name. Is this, so what are your top list top? You're listening?
Yeah. Um, I think it depends on when pandemic ends because senior year I am such a procrastinator. I put everything off that I want to do until senior year. I was like, oh, I'll do this, I'll have enough time, I'll go do this. So like, because I also, I live on like on the ocean, on the ocean. That's where the campuses. So I like told myself freshman year is like, I'm going to learn how to surf and then I did it one day we could welcome and never again. So like at some point I have to go surfing again, but I don't really feel comfortable going to the beach is when there's a bunch of people there. So I want to do that. I want to go to a lot of concerts. So yeah, it kind of depends on when it, when it ends because I miss my friends a lot. But after college I'm not really going to see them, so I don't know.
I know. I think I may just stay upright for like two seconds and that was my max. I felt so proud.
No,
no.
Yeah, I really want to learn because I love swimming and I love the water and I feel like it was something that be right up my alley. But then it was really hard. But I'm hoping now because now I've learned how to skateboard since then and I'm hoping that might help me maybe get some better balance because I'm sure
that was the worst
part
was
the balance.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. And the story about how I got my skateboard was really weird to, it was obviously a story of laziness because when I in my freshman year, I lived like on a campus dorm, but it was technically off campus, it was like a mile off, it was still owned by the university. So every time I would like I had my bike and I would bike to and from campus, but they were like a couple of like really big hills and I and like not athletic whatsoever, so I would be like struggling to get up those hills. So I was like, instead what I'll do is I'll learn how to skateboard, get a skateboard and then bust a campus and then to skateboard on campus. So that's how I ended up learning how to skateboard because I was too lazy and tired.
Now, regular reporting, I told myself I would learn tricks and then surprised I didn't. So
Yeah, I technically don't have a skateboard. I have a long board. So those are like, they have slightly different drinks. Some of my friends have skateboards. I could probably borrow those.
No, my sister actually, she goes to a school where they do a lot of like artsy stuff. It's, it's a private school and so they're really focused on including the arts and so they do have like pottery classes and like leather working and all these things and so they were struggling figuring out how to do it. I think now they have like hybrid so they have some online of those platform person but for a while there like I guess we're not going to do art or we're going to give them all the supplies they need and send them home with it. So.
No.
So yeah I took because I also went to that school for a couple of years and so I took some of those Archie classes. I one of my favorite ones is bookbinding which
I just
I just got to make books. It was so fun. Um And I've just been pottery that was really nice. Um I wasn't good at any of them. I'm not a very art inclined person. That's my sister. I got the singing and she got the art, but it was still fun nonetheless.
Four.
Yeah. The doctor is really interesting. I've only ever done like the digital kind, but dark ones are really cool. I don't really know much about it too. It's like because they never really, they never really teach you about on this. You're taking a class specifically for that. So
yeah, it's really fun to try and come up with ways and plus phone cameras nowadays are really, really good. So
Yeah, you just got a fancy camera built right in. Yeah. Yeah. I also wanted to get, I've had so many like hobbies that I started and never finished photography with another one of them because I took a class for that and it's like, oh, this is so cool, I'm going to continue it and then I I never did. So you should
get back
into that.
Yeah, that one I, so I normally hate painting. I get so frustrated because I can't ever get anything right. So it's very rare that I actually complete something. So I just did that one and I was like, you know what, I'm going to try and finish it. It didn't really turn out how I wanted, but I was like, you know, just keep, just push through it to finish it, just get it done. And then so I got it done. But
no, no,
I took a picture of the internet is like, okay, this seems simple enough and I completely messed it up but it still looks okay. It looks nothing like how it was supposed to look.
Thank you.
Yeah, No, I'm with you there. It's I guess I'm frustrating my sister because she, she makes it look so effortless. Like right now she's doing for her senior project, like this massive canvas as like a self portrait and it already looks incredible, it's not done. And I'm like, why can't I do that? But then I remember I have I have other things, I shouldn't worry. Uh
Yeah,
yeah, it's exactly a grass is greener on the other side type of thing. Like I kind of forget that singing is, it's a really cool ability and I should I should enjoy it, I should be proud of that. So
Ooh, I guess kind of like R and B or like jazzy pop. I feel like my voice is really well suited to that because I'm not I don't sing Hi, I have a very low voice and so a lot of like pop songs kind of have higher voice, their first sopranos with a higher voices, so I can't do that. So I like some of the smoother slower songs.
Mhm. Mhm. Oh it
looks like our time is do we go over time?
Yeah. Okay. Oh yes, it's the other way. Thank you. Okay.
Yeah, I thought they were 20 minutes to, but I think they are 25. Yeah.
But
no,
I've
I think you can do it six times this year and I think it's like $15 each time. So music
Yeah, might as well make the $90 or whatever it is, so.
I feel like that's something that I kind of want to continue because I tend to not spend things on myself. So I feel like if I have some extra bonus money, I'm like okay this is like a little I can spend this on me, It's a little fun thing. Yeah. Right
now
it's
sorry go
ahead.
Oh you go ahead.
Yeah, I'm trying to get an account for that right now so I think I'm still waiting on female. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely look into that because I know I was looking at it. They're like you can only do a certain amount per day or can only earn a certain about earn a certain amount per day or something like that so
You know?
So
I
Okay. Cool. So well
all
you
too,
thank you. Good luck with your work
and all that you do. So