All right wow. Thank you, wow. Okay. Oh yeah. Hello. Hello? Yeah
our
new
Good morning.
Wonderful.
Wonderful. What are you looking at it?
Stephen
Landing.
that's wonderful. That's wonderful.
I'm looking at as well to the east coast on Delaware swear like at 11 on the clock right now. Um Glad you get you got
here at the same time that I did all so I want to ask you what is your name? Oh
molly!
I am a Leonardo. Somalia had to this very quickly. It's like an essential oil
that uh that I used it to kind of like fresh me up because I woke up loads that long ago. I'm sorry about that. You know
I want
to
oh nice nice nice, nice. Nice.
Uh huh. Tell me about your book. What book are you reading molly?
or Oh.
before you continue
you gotta
tell me I'm sorry I don't understand the word and you explain to me a little bit more what is Hinduism?
Who? Uh
Well that's that's very cool. It's very interesting.
One night.
Uh huh. That's
it for
this
and
that's cool.
I would say that I enjoyed reading a lot but the difference between asked is like
the type of things that I enjoy reading or like 180% I always say 180% would like 180°
different you know? Um
Yeah it could be it could be like a made up story, it could be a fictional story. The thing for me what I really enjoy is actually reading about like self help um
Three quality uh that
kind of stuff.
you
play the violin?
wonderful.
Yeah. Yeah I'm very good in there.
And the sound
Also
tell you or a friend to look into someone his name is actually Tony Robbins um
time to look and talk and like look at look at his podcast or on Youtube, you know that kind of stuff and I actually enjoy really looking for like access to free information um like ebooks and audiobooks and stuff like that um uh that are you know like self help based as well you know and I find everything like most of them Youtube but Youtube is like such big library you know and and the books that I kind of like read are not like the top five self help books of the moment, you know, they're like somewhat older, you know, so I can actually, I can find them like online sometimes, you know, somebody like post them or something like that, you know, it's like all content, you know, so something, it's not, nothing certainly knew just where to find, you know, because you're looking for like the newest book, you gonna end up having to, you know, just buy it on the, I have 100 phone so on the play store or something, you know? But because
I said
I usually
use the bullet time. Yeah,
Yeah. Yeah. This guy Tony Rowe and see
yeah, I have no idea on the specifics of the amount of time. He has people
working as a motivational speaker, but I seem like videos that he looks like, he's like
he's in his twenties and right now he's like very, very old, you know, color, you know, like there's like a lot of like time, you know, so, and the cool thing is that he actually have worked with like very important figures over time. He worked with the Clintons. Um, he worked with, I think when he worked with the Asylum or something like that or interacted with him or something that like this guy besides being capable of really inspiring people, he actually has had the opportunity to meet very inspiring individuals, you know, as well and interact
with them, you know, I learned as well from them, you know, um Tony Robbins. Uh the thing about him is that there's like this old guy, his things like game run, very old guy. He was a motivational speaker and he knew Tony Robbins and Tony Robbins kind of like takes a lot of from Jim Brown but kind of like it like a twist, you know, like a modern twist to his things,
you know?
But like Jim Brown is actually like most of the source of information and Tony has used, you know, but that also making any less or more of a person or less or more of a good motivational speaker um it's just like just very creative in the way he does like things, you know, and that the events, the organizers, you know, they're pretty awesome too, you know? So yeah,
the
conference can often yeah.
yeah, yeah, yeah. This guy has been around for a long, long time and uh
that's awesome.
So you're more open minded to the information and your stuff like okay, that's right
out.
Yeah. I actually, I actually feel that even though Kobe may have like so many negative aspects about it when it comes, you know, like job opportunities or job loss and so on are now having to commute or work remotely, you know, But it seems that it has, has a positive impact for me, especially for me as a person because he has given me the realization that no job or
any type of work is actually like 100% um what you call it all, like say for or is that we're gonna, you know, run out or or I can work to the savior like forever, like that kind of like feeling or attitude
towards
work and, and I swelled to time that I have time for myself too, so I get to explore more about the things that I like, the things that I want to know more about. So he's like actually I felt that he has given a lot of freedom to a lot of people that
before we were like this, you know, like horses walking with the things that happened the size, you know, and the spanish is getting
and I have to say it in english,
you know, but they have like this and we used like,
like the
blinders see how the blinds were just like walking like forward, like we don't see nothing around us, we don't care about our neighbors going around and no one, we just care about us getting the paycheck to pay the bills and that's it. But then you come to realize that life is more
than that and we have an opportunity to kind of like build things from a different perspective and be like, wow, I could never realize that I now have um the, the possibility to actually choose, I wanna have my day to go so far, you know? It's kind of like hard at the beginning because there's like a like a shape of the income um or what are you gonna do about it or what can you do, you know? So it's it's like has his good things that I'm the only bad too, you know? But overall I try to see it
as a positive because you make me
make me feel that uh that I have more time for myself now than before and less stress, you know? Um Yes worried you know?
What so you see it's in order that you just mentioned this like so important like companies like especially like big companies even in in the tech industry like facebook or Microsoft or Apple and they have all the
most of their employee workforce working remotely like productivity And uh efficiency
and effectiveness of work and and everything getting done, it's like increased by like 30, like numbers that they didn't know how to actually do something to increase, you know? And now they just realize like, yeah, these people are feeling more comfortable working from home than having to drive like two hours, some people,
you know or whatever or 10 minutes for some, I'm coming in here and you know, I'm dealing with everybody and so on and so on and so yeah, it's
positive.
They cost.
neighborhood.
Now
they're doing what they're supposed to be doing, you know?
No.
That
just,
you know what I'm gonna tell you before you go on because you actually no this is actually the mind of the teenagers now compared to our minds however developed um
they're very uh un empathetic. They have like no ability to relate totals emotionally, doesn't mean that he's not suffering. He might be, but it's not able to actually express it properly, you know?
going
out probably. Right.
Well uh Yeah.
What?
And
No.
Wonderful.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
we
Yeah. They wanted to be doctors and lawyers, you know, you're
like
Yeah.
huh.
You can put it into perspective, like for example, for me, if you can see the back, I'm an artist, I pain, right? But I didn't go to school for that Mostly because I had, you know, the same kind of like perspective about the reality of it, like to be an artist and to make money from it, you have to be like in the rank like 1% like amazing artists in the world, which is something that is possible for everyone, but at the same time it's very difficult to achieve. So I started to play a little bit more safe and I went to school and I just study business management. Um it doesn't mean that because I studied this, I cannot do this this this for this for my time, you know, um he can actually, you know, become a physical therapist to work with people and so on. I would already have some free time and he can't even find like a group of people to play instruments with, you know? Um we also have to worry about it. It's not like it's gonna like lack of that experience because there's gonna be into like, oh yeah, you're like physical therapy. So this is it like not only this is this is no, like that's a bit about the world, you know, where people are doing different things, you know, things have
enjoyed
and like, you know, so like painting for me, it's like sometimes really enjoy like it's like the most rewarding thing for me, not financially but like emotionally spiritually. Um uh just cause me down, you know, and and you know, it doesn't mean that I have to stop, I used to sometimes known as often as before. I've never done it as an expectancy to make any type of money from it either. So you,
so you just
like
you would say it's like on my hub.
Yeah. Latino already started, wow. Yeah. Like I have to I don't have to worry about like so many things, you know that most people do you worry about on a daily basis and I'm thankful and grateful for it. But it doesn't mean that I don't want
to worry about them either, you know, or you know, perspective. But, but what I can say is that, yeah, you know, art is good um work
is okay, what I'm doing right now, it's okay, you know, and so on and so on is okay, you know? But I don't know. I think I think we tend to we tend to like really say to ourselves, especially when were younger. But for example, I wanted to be uh like designing planes, you know, like an aeronautical engineer
or I wanted to be like genetics engineer and even studied biology. You know,
you don't like it. I hated it. Oh, so historic
economics
and I
liked
it.
Yeah. You know what happened to me actually? Um I mean we were in Venezuela, that's where I'm from. I went to where I was at the university there right on. And it was funny because we we we had a like we I didn't have a card at the moment, but my best friend had a car so we just go together, right? So we're driving right and we're about to live in Venezuela. A lot of people are comfortable and a lot of people do it all the time. We ask for rides. You know, it's like Jack, you know, so there's not like this woman in front of the of the, you know the exit of the university asking for like a hate check. So I said to him, yeah, let's let's, you know, let's get all right. She walks inside. She smelled like, no, like like drunk, she smells like like ethanol basically. You know? Like I bought like ethanol.
total alcohol like next level Russian drunk, you know? Um She was like, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm a professor here of a biology and and sell it. But, but what happened smells like so much like ethanol. I was just like, oh yeah, I fall asleep after the lab and I was there for like 12 hours and a half and I'm like, fuck, I want this for my life. And then the labs were like awful. I had like a six hour lap. It was just like, oh no, I couldn't, I couldn't, I wasn't, I didn't have the patience or uh truly like the focus for it like it wasn't
for me, you know? And.
yeah for the
ice that the greens
and
they
mm. X. Y. C
explain.
E.
Yeah.
Oh
Lord. Oh
my gosh.
well I only work one job as a manager for a while in the store and I did that for a while before then I was a private tutor for meth and for spanish. And then my last job that I had I was a janitor. Uh It was interesting because I was like the janitor with a bachelor's degree. It was like it was interesting. I don't know why the one girl she was she wasn't working, the company was just like in the library, I used to clean vacuum the local library. I don't like back to my little carpets, like a whole freaking floor of carpet. So it's fun but it's somewhere you know. But she was there and she was like you asked I was talking to her and I she found us find sounds at a
half
bath first degree you know just like yeah I just agree. Yeah. Like the thing is it was just like interesting how they perceive people that
worked there as just a lower or less than them just because they're cleaning or. And it's funny because even drove like a nicer car than mostly like any other workers in there. You know what driving a mustang convertible you know and they were like why you have like this car? You
have a bachelor's and you're a janitor. I'm like yeah yes. You know what people don't know is sad people the way they handle money is very different as the way that I do it. Um
People love to so yeah, people spend spend spend, I love to spend too. But
I
don't spend what I don't make from my passive income from my investments. Let's
say I make $1000 a month for my passive income from my dividend paying stocks. I'm not going to spend $1,000 in that month. I would spend like 300, 400, I will try to buy it in a way that allows that fun to keep on growing by itself. So rich when you reach a point I got her project six years. That's what that's like the magic number that the funny just like just grows like so much when the details are being reinvested into the stock. You
say mass up.
Like
it's just like people don't have
no idea how money works because when you compounded and and the six years I know why but six years always happens. Just like the money is like triples or quadruples, its just like crazy and you make like more and more more monthly income and you have to worry about anything. You can do whatever you want. You know you can you can work as a janitor. You can it doesn't matter you know like um I have to worry about like what I told you I have to worry about but a lot of people have to worry about um But doesn't mean that I don't want to worry about those things, you know? Um
Brother.
I think
I need areas you know like in a year, you know like a mutual fund areas between 10 to 12% to turn. Um
Very good. Yeah.
Also on this people.
definitely. People the world's like so big and when you travel and you see like other countries you're like wow this is so cool taste the food and you're like wow it's so nice. Mhm.
Ireland. Oh that's
that's
Uh huh.
You
know
what
I wanted
to recommend, I wanted to recommend you something before we go. Um actually looked yourself into hi Jill Gibian stocks online and you can look into into some companies, you know they're like mid cap, you know they're not like huge companies so they have like the opportunity to grow, you can look into growth dividend stocks, you know because sometimes when we're working with mutual funds like the fees they charge us or they char you
you know you want to withdraw money too for everything there is to it it's like they have like so many faces just like.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
that's what I'm saying is like um I think
you can make your capital work better like if you do it yourself than if you let much of fun company do it even though there's a good mutual funds company like Bangor you know will highly recommend that you know? But on. Yeah like
like.
Mhm. So this therapy and they have some hard
one,
Nobody
Not
really because actually you know what Pfizer did?
No well that you know what they by the president and vice president of Pfizer did.
It's not all but he saw like he made like 5.4 million and
every female like $1.8 million bucks and when people saw that they were not happy and the and the stock just dropped.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like he didn't have to like.
you
just
say he was he had to to say like oh I'm gonna do this and he didn't have to say he just did
it
well he's a tank after so. Yeah. But yeah the same
day
it was weird like people didn't like that at all.
like 5.4 million in like 20 minutes you know anyhow.
But what I could recommend again like companies like that like five for our time you know companies appreciate but what I really prefer is to invest in two companies that pay dividends. Um
uh Mcdonald's even pay civilians you know they're they're okay. Um There's so many like different companies that people don't even know about the pay billions. Like I like in a way lending you my money. It's like, should I get like a return from it? Like at least something, you know? Uh But there's companies for example, is super successful. A lot of people make money with like for example, Tesla, Tesla also paying dividends.
he's a,
he's a, he's a little bit uh yeah.
You know what that is? Like this guy, the thing about him is like, he's not dumb or anything that he's very smart, you know?
But
it's something like, like speak and it was weird and it was like somebody like stutter and like, uh, like he wasn't even be able to properly express himself and I'm like, hmm, Honey
was
talking about
like the chip that's going to put on your head and stuff and I'm like, all right, let's
not, They're
like, they were like testing it on like pigs and stuff. But anyhow.
yeah. Yeah. He was he was like, he was like tweeting like uh I got like a test and no, I got another one said yes. I don't know what to do. I'm not uh
It's crazy because I like, you know, I like, you know, it's a nice idea. But yeah, I think, um, I think uh molly was a pleasure talking we needed today. I think we really did 25 minutes. Right? Even more we spoke a little bit more. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It is
system
unified country.
All right. Thanks.
The Venezuela's the stretch it off your list because these are not nice there right now. They haven't been for the past like I would say um 15 years. So yeah. Should just
Why would you you know
civilians? Yeah.
I'm
gonna tell you why. It's like this is very very good. So very very nice song. Like it's not like a several country as people
think.
thing is like very
very,
yeah the thing is like super developed you know it's like super nice. Uh they
drink matter all the time which is like a terrible drink. You know it's like a
Well probably like a plane ticket. But the cost of living of your why it doesn't compare to to the U. S. You know, it's like plus the exchange rate of uh I don't know what is the currency of worldwide but I'm sure that the dollar. Yeah.
Yeah some little white and paste or something that probably could be your
yeah Venezuela's bolivar is but yeah. Yeah I know what I mean. It's always like the country name and then test mexican Pizza
Hawaiian pizza you
know. So yeah probably probably uh we're looking up I don't think the cost of living would be like I think it would be like even more beneficial to have us dollars than to have the local currency but it comes to like exchange rates and that kind of stuff you know
they
kind of
Yeah they're finished like people on the nail but like yeah like because economists are developing and as I just mentioned you know we are like you prefer well in Venezuela like right now like you have all the others like nobody uses that. People are using a Bitcoin. People are used you know us dollars you know sell you know like a bunch of like things you know they just like moving money around as soon as they get paid they they change like whatever that amount into the arts and it's crazy before working like the whole month And they're making right now $2 a month.
when my dad was sir he was working I was thinking about the question is like $10,000 a month. So we were living like very good you know in Venezuela had a car like which is something that is like everybody had a car you know we were like middle class, we had a beautiful house. Um So yeah
my
ankle was up into businesses and stuff. He
now has a business and spraying for like car washing and stuff like like the family was like always okay you know But but it was like for me like an experience because I always felt like in a crystal bubble because when you're driving there is like a famous like long known path towards karaoke and the city, it's called a villa panamericana which is the pan american union Highway or something like that. You know when you learn through it, you know and you see that the mountains to see all these greek houses, you know people you don't build by hand, you know, there's like thousands and thousands, thousands of them and you're like driving a nice car, you know, and you look at that and you're like like the difference of having or not having is like so much so like I'm poor. No, it's like they're just like surviving, you know like I met people you know in my first work, Venezuela was the south person and I met this guy, he told me that before he started working for his company, he actually would live from just drinking like one
teacher which is like a milk condensed milk kind of thing with like other types of milk. He wasn't that and that will be his breakfast and that's it and he will last as much as can and then drink another one. What it was like sorry? So perturbing to feel or to know there's people that can barely eat and you go home and you know and you have like um ancient stuff or whatever you're like man it's like this is like so so that is fair, unfair right or wrong. But for me it just felt bad. I just felt bad. I just felt very sad that a lot
of people
have
to go
through that I just don't even their fault because they got like zero opportunities. Like talk about people here in the U. S. For example the black community here saying they don't have opportunities and that just talking to people in other countries that have like like no resources for like nothing, no opportunity size cereal like zero opportunity here. People have a lot of opportunities. That's why
a lot of immigrants become
here because opportunities here are just like people don't even realize that they are like so many. So yeah.
Not only that, you know like it's
funny,
it's funny because I've actually met people there are I don't know how to explain about I would say like rich but they're broke, they're not poor, they're not
for their rich but they're broke.
it's
Yeah. Yeah I think probably just like in place probably a lot about like for example some people place a lot about uh the background to you know, I would say for example, if you're a person that I had nothing like NEDA,
you know, well everybody just comes to the world with nothing you know about at the beginning. But let's say like you didn't have any good family or anything like that and you start in a very, you know, like saying ghetto or in a very dangerous place or whatever, you make yourself out of it and you build like a company or something. It could be like a tendency that because you have like so much lack of it that when you have it, you just want to showcase it. Um it
has to has to like many psychological reasons why somebody wants to flash out their wealth as well. Because people, most people, I would say even I can generalize it to most, I'm not everyone, but most enjoy the reward of being uh I've been said stuff like, wow,
that's like such a nice watch or such a nice
start, you know, because we are like, so we live in a such a materialized, materialistic um economy and society that people define themselves more than what they're wearing more than what, how they look. Um and sometimes what they're wearing has too much to how they look too. So it's interesting. It's like I see like for example, you think about it like it's like a reward system because when somebody tells something like that's such a nice whatever your brain registers, you know, dopamine all good feeling. I'm being rewarded is selling something good about this. Same thing happens for like for example with like instagram, you get a lot of likes, so you're like, well it's like before it was like social media without social media. So so we did like social media when people come into our house you know.
well there's something
I don't I don't change our 30 years but yeah the first choir about in the U. S. Was a mustang. Yeah but I had to nothing was like 12 13 mi per gallon. I think I'm spending so
much time in the freaking gas station. I
know
joe
joe manco,
I know all of them in the gas station you know it's like
no
well now they're gonna become, it's like a four so four they're gonna become with a new electric mustang and it's gonna be like uh kind of like what it could like crossover kind of feeling like an honest you'd be not event like uh you know
lex
rico?
you seem
more
like how
are you?
I
feel
like
and
that's
the
ground.
It is.
Oh my gosh, that's
hilarious.
It's like ma'am you sure you're buying the orange car is because it's four will drive and now the two will drive because yeah.
Yeah just go for it with their okay get her the orange car that nobody buys it was like
well
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
and then you can negotiate too you know on his shoes and it's funny because when you take up then I the muslim was a new scar. I cannot negotiate it on it. You know I got a good deal but then I decided to change it for
like something like more fuel efficient. So I looked up online and I found out that I think are you know I only feel I don't live in a place where my muslim like really looks like very good because people thought I was like a drug dealer, you know? Um
So I decided to get like a master so I traded my mouse and sally let it go whatever gotta massa super fully fishing car um was like a massive tree was like super, you know like a compact car. You know what's nice, I liked it. But um but yeah it's just um it's just
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because you know, I love things for them. But yeah, so my neighbor
actually my
neighbor, my neighbor told me this you know what what you went from being the local drug dealer to future father in the neighborhood because I looked like a dad now driving a uh
Super fast.
Man.
The one that has like the symbol like in the front, you know that looks like uh you
can use it to like a
In
That's what, you know, there's something more interesting about people hating too generalized or people heading to what is the word that I'm looking for? X stereotypes? No,
like oh you're so people with stereotypes, this type of success because of a reason. You know, there's some truth to stereotypes.
like
like it will be funny she said to the police like are you profiling me? You know, we'll be like he's playing with me just like
Yeah.
No, no sense
professional, you know.
Well put
together
they're tourists.
I like to do
the hard
thing
no.
No,
it's patty.
it's all right. It's right that we talked for a long time. I really enjoy. Your conversation was fantastic.
Dug into the mali. He really had a good time. Hopefully good data as well.
talked to him. I
tried
to trying to motivate him like people feel that because he studied this. He has to be this they're not defined to what you went to school for. You can do whatever you want with your life and actually have as much as you you can think of 100 you know? But yeah, I'm gonna wish a wonderful day. I'm gonna say bye bye So.