Uh huh.
And
I'm doing okay.
Yes it is morning where
I am
Cleveland which
is
east Coast time zone which very few people seem to know. So
barely morning, almost noon. Uh What about you?
What?
I'm molly uh
yourself
work?
Oh no you're fine.
I
drink the same thing but with coffee.
up. Yeah. Well I didn't mean to stay up quite so late last night, but you're reading and then you're like oh it's just like in the book, but that was like two hours.
Um I was reading the book called The Swerve. It's a nonfiction about
long time ago sort of a movement against hedonism but like greek and roman historical, it's an idea about like sort of a shift in humanity from a western perspective. Um It's interesting uh and it's fairly well written um
lot
of
so hedonism is like the opposite of utilitarian, so um joy in so the difference between eating like chocolate cake and like a protein shake, right? Um Hedonism is like a joy and music. Um happiness for happiness is sake, things for reasons for no other than simple enjoyment or joy or um like a lot of music would fall into hedonistic, right? It's unnecessary but it is sort of essential to what makes humans humans maybe depending on how you view the world.
there's this idea that hedonism was sort of turned particularly by religion into this like sinful idea, whereas maybe it's possible that Hedonism is essential to the human experience and that's searching out things that make us joyful and happy as people did for a very long time isn't necessarily bad but instead a way to approach the world, it's not it's a it's a philosophy book but it's more of a historical book looking at what philosophy used to be and why did it change?
Yeah, it was interesting and then I wanted to see how it was going to end because I didn't quite know what we were going with it. I was like you told me all of this, but how does this have to do with the sort of inhumanity? So it was it was good. It was I mean, I give it a seven out of 10. It wasn't like the greatest cigarette. I'm just you know, I've run out of books I've already read and so I started reading whatever my husband pulls from the library. So it different every week.
and I'm too lazy to look up my own books. You know, it's just whatever he brings home is what I think
last
week
it
was
the secret life of cows. Uh cows are interesting apparently. So do you enjoy reading or are you more of a music or movie person or all of the both?
With.
So
you like pick shin. Mhm. Like you like it to be like a story like a like not not true. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah.
The
Yeah and I wouldn't I wouldn't say this is too far from self help because it's like philosophy too far of a difference. The opposite of like philosophical nonfiction to me is like uh like a sci fi romance novel, right? Like we'll take a total something totally fun. My very good for matt pretty much exclusively has been reading self help for the last few weeks and they're not necessarily all like what's wrong with you, but some of them are like how to improve this or how to improve that orb um how to get out of your own way. A lot of hats out of your own. Uh he's very unemployed because he's a professional view list. So he's like how
to get out of my
viola. But yeah, it's slightly bigger. Yeah. Yeah. So like the violin, no, not the cello, that's the follow. And then the really big ones, the base. If you look at an orchestra, it's like two thirds of them look like they're home violence. A third of those are playing a slightly bigger instrument called the viola. Um, What's this?
Um, Not well lauded because the instrument itself. Um, I know. How much do you like Math or engineering?
so, um, the residency of the strings, so actual movement of the air in the strings, the speed
of the town vibrations doesn't resonate with the size of the viola. So in a cello, the strings resonate really beautifully and make a lovely sound with very minimal effort in a cello. And same with the violin, the viola, It's not quite right. So it's very difficult to get a very sweet and beautiful sound out of Ebola, which is why there's very little music written for solo viola because no one's like, man, I want to listen to some viola today. No, that's not what. So the people who play it are sort of just like they're out there, they're doing their best to get no props.
People.
yeah.
Or because
it's not
my birthday,
even in the library for new books, you don't have to get on a list and then wait until your turn. Yeah, I think I've heard of Tony Robbins. I think he's been around for a long time, Right?
Like 20 years or something.
Government,
Mom,
That's good.
on
the phone.
Oh, like the big, okay. I
think
in my brain he's actually, I think that if you're talking about, I think he might have even been way more than 20 years, like he's been doing a really long time, especially if you say the Clintons has probably been at least 30 years.
that's cool. I tend to be really lazy about looking for new things on the internet. I took whatever falls into my lap. Um and I have a 15 year old, so he recommends things to me, which is helpful because he cares. So
the youtube I watches from my son most of the books I read or whatever my husband has brought home at the time, I'm just like, OK, whatever is most conveniently lying around, especially this last year because I'm not uh, teaching as much as I was because coronavirus, Excuse me. I am, I've had so much free time that I sort of like, I no longer feel like I have pressure to find the things I really want to read or I really want to watch. And so it's like, I'll watch this shirt. I'll read the shirt.
Well,
it's really like I have so much free time that I know I'm going to have time to do the things I really want. So there's no need to try and fit everything in there. It's like I have faced to put things that are probably okay or good enough.
On
1
30.
But
Moment. Yeah.
What
Blinders surplus
license
I'm
good
mama.
My husband is really really liked working from home. Um And the partner he works with the most still going into the office. It's like him and two people are going into the office and like I was like an hour away but like you just can't get out of the idea that he wants to drive to the office there for 12 hours and drive home. My husband takes a full hour for lunch. That used to be like walking to get lunch, eating as fast as you can. And now he's like sitting on the back porch making his rahman, he's taking walks. He's like this is great. It's really nice and cutting the community helped to but it's um he really likes it and he's not a big meeting guy anyway. People just to interrupt his thought process and feels more productive because no one's coming in to talk to him. Uh He could just sit and do his work until he wants to be done for a while. He's really liked it. He is sad that the person he works with is the one guy who was like never going to leave the office because he thinks that in the future even after this sends a lot of people are going to work from home, but Rick will probably give him a lot of crap for it if he tries to do that. Uh Rickover.
For
Mhm.
Brennan.
And
and there's like there's a proposal up that the board has put up my husband's work because they currently rent an entire floor of a building to just rent half of it, which would cut, you know, a lot of money out of the early budget right
now with
all the time in the budget, um, which would be phenomenal and something that really no one could have even imagined until, because even the secretaries are working from home really successfully a, uh, it's a patent law firm, so they exclusively do patents. So secretaries actually are not like answering emails, they're mostly doing all of the patent finally paperwork.
Like, basically,
yeah, like they actually do like a real thing. Like, I think people secretaries is like, they
take notes and, but they're, they're paid very well, but they're also takes a year to train to be able to work through the patent office stuff, but they're all pretty successful. Yeah, we, we do realize that it's because our son is a teenager though, because if it had been when he was 43 and he was running around, it would not be the same, but he's downstairs doing his schoolwork and doing his lessons and pretty much ignoring us entirely. He is probably the one that this has affected the most negatively, and he's also the one who is the least emotionally affected by it, like he's fine. Do you what I mean? Like, he's like, oh, this sucks, it's okay, he's
rolling with the punches,
but
Yeah.
Oh, he's um he's not only he's he's uh he is very in touch with his emotions, he expresses them far more than the average male teen, for sure, and less dramatically than people, he's an only child and he's gregarious and incredibly social. Uh So we do know what he's most upset about. Um But
he
well, so he's most upset, so he doesn't have sports this year, So that's sad. He misses, he missed running with people because he's still running but it's by himself and he doesn't like to run with music so he misses running with his friends.
Really?
Mrs. Um So he does theater, so he misses theater and he met his music with his friends. And he's really sad that he's not in a chamber group this year because for him playing chamber music which is like a small for 34 or 5%
classical music ensemble and it's the most expressive and engaged and um other than
solo work, it's the most um emotionally intense and it's the music he loves to play and you just can't do it this year. And so that is the most sad about. Um And he also felt like he had to pivot, he was until coronavirus planning on pursuing a conservatory and becoming a professional classical musician. He's
now planning on being either a dentist or a physical therapist. So he has pivoted because every classical musician in this country is unemployed, every single one of them.
And it was already so hard to be gainfully employed, like you had to be in the top 5% to be gainfully employed. And so he's just like it's not good. And now my husband is like thank goodness there is, although I pointed I gave my husband, there's a meme that my husband gave my husband that my son had sent me and it's a
it's like an asian kid, my husband's Taiwanese, this asian kid. And it's like my parents so mad, I'm going to be a professional musician. Also my parents putting me in piano and cello lessons when I was three years old, right? Like why do they do this? Right, All these asians and as we put our, they put their kids in musical lessons when they're three years old, they practice an hour a day and they were instruments like they're five years old, they're practicing two hours music today and then shocked when they want to be professional musicians
he
was, which, yeah,
so my husband is pleased. I'm kind of sad for my son because music brings me so much joy. But um I mean he'll be good at whatever he does. I think he really liked being a physical therapist though because he really likes working with people and talking with people and motivating people. I think that would be more fun for him than a dense
where most the people he met were not very happy to be there. Yeah, he's he's more certainly more outgoing than the average team. Um He
you
know.
Or
the
other
does but it probably also allows a certain amount of freedom right? Because you don't have to anticipate anyone else's thoughts on what you're doing right? Like 100% for you at that point unite.
Black.
What?
I'll
You
know I
have a degree
of,
I
didn't pursue it. I got three bachelor's degrees Biology which I didn't pursue and creative writing which I didn't pursue and then I went back and did psychology and then I did pursue the masters there but like I was so excited when I was younger about Biology and then I started doing it. I was like oh this is for
psychologically problem.
Block.
No like I don't know did you ever do the labs where you were? So I remember the worst one was a back, like a full the one experiment was the full semester and had weird mutated flies and we had to like knock out and cross butterflies every two weeks
backwards.
Put
you
out to like try and trace what the genetic nutrition was by working backwards.
Do you think
that little flies under my ship one flight at a time? Like his little legs well legs you it's
just like I wouldn't even move after that lab table was in a horrible height. There's no way to adjust the microscope like this. Well I'm too short, I'm standing on the details. I'm uh yeah this
is this is one of about no. Oh boy.
Yeah.
No,
I was like, you like what you found though, Right. Do you feel like you're a good fit for business admin?
Thank
you.
But
But
no,
I
have.
I have,
but
how
reasonable. Well,
attack.
Well, we're very, we we live below our means excessively because our goal is for my husband who is eight years old, need to retire at 60 and be retired and have 30 years of living off our investments. So we just reinvest everything both in our mutual funds for funds. But we're probably, we are not risky investors, but we're not super careful. So we're sort of middle range, but we are
what everything reinvest. We were just looking at, we were looking at just the other day, it's like 13% 14% 1% 13% 14% years where nothing went up, we're like what was happening. Um But over
time adds up. Uh
Well that's good. If we're doing 10% we consider we're doing what
averages are we hope to do 10% a year and we usually do um
Yeah and it's all just so that we can retire and enjoy ourselves, possibly probably leave the United States, we want to leave uh breather.
I like Costa rica, my husband likes Ireland
which is so funny because he's going to be literally the only asian guy in the whole country. Uh But
he's always been the Island Watch. I got a oh it's one of my favorite places and if you get at the right altitude it's very cloudy which is my P. M. Like medium weather cloudy all the time. Um
And
it's a
good
thing for expats. Oh sorry
what?
Or.
they do. It helps if you never withdraw your money.
Have.
New york.
Oh
okay. Like our biggest one is our four oh one K. Uh By far. And that when I you just tankard I have to check, my husband knows I might be Schwab. No
I'm like
we have different stuff in different places because like our son's college tuition is a different fun. Yeah. I mean like we have to look through the companies, we were pretty careful. We do have some individual stocks that we do just put their actual individual stocks like Costco um couple that are going to do very well coming up. We had bio 10. Uh so that's gone up really high. We're gonna see what happens because we're if we if we sell now because if vaccines are falling through because they just wake up um with Pfizer so we'll have to see, we should have invested way more than we did. We were really were like maybe we knew which companies were doing vaccines and so we put a little bit into each one because
we want to hover the smaller lost, the others are like dang we should have put more in. Um
Because
um a lot of things,
I do not know. What did he sell all his stocks?
that's
I mean did he do it legally after the announcement?
So what
is
it?
Well
no but legally if he knows proprietary information and acts first before it's public information that is illegal.
you do
that.
that's fair. I mean it was probably a good move on his part. What?
I mean,
Yeah, that's fair.
I just can't invest in anything from Elon musk because he actually seems crazy to me like
that.
Oh like something is off like to the point where it makes me nervous. My dad did very well in Tesla. You did really?
you bark. He just doesn't
stable.
You never
be
people.
on buddy.
Good.
goodness gracious. Uh Do you see he may or may not have had coronavirus this week when he was like possibly.
I was like just wait 72 hours for the real past. Take them all to wait it out. Oh my goodness.
like 35 you say? I do have to say I have been to Venezuela once. It is beautiful
and
the waters
beautiful. Yeah uh sort of that like area between the top of like sort of like Nicaragua down. Although I haven't been to Nicaragua in four years because things sort of went down. But like Southern Nicaragua and then up to the top of Venezuela is sort of one of my favorite places in that whole area. Just it's just so beautiful. I like the plant line and
well it's just yeah, it's very lovely. Uh and I hope to go back again. I miss traveling more than anything. Uh
have been twice but um and it wasn't as bad as the last time I was in Nicaragua as far as like political unrest and the poverty levels have gone way back up in. The government has also some issues but there was less militarization and like I didn't feel terrified in Venezuela the way,
well the last time I was Nicaragua liked twice I saw actual fights break out between like just while traveling. I saw fights break out between police and um,
because you know, the government, yeah, governments making bad choices and that people are trying to resist and it's not going well for them. Um, so it's, uh, I mean the people that are still one of the things I have figured out is for the most part, regardless of how bad things are in a country, people are still genuinely people and people are still as individuals, mostly kind, mostly good hearted. Um, but yeah, I really want to go back. My son has a yen to go see Uruguay. This is his new thing. He wants to go to Uruguay, uh, where have not been that far south And
he's,
on
our, it's
super
default. It's a I think it might I think it's considered the most developed nation in south America
with.
the green stuff. But my son he wants to go to Uruguay that this is his new plan. We're gonna go to Uruguay and I'm like okay why? He's like it's so nice there mom and I'm like that that means it's going to cost more to travel there because.
the type of peso.
Most of them seem to be something pacer.
Three
Mexican
Yeah. I mean it depends on the country. Usually the more developed a nation the more
they
use their own currency are less interested in the because they don't need the stability of the american dollar anymore. So but generally speaking I like to travel as much as possible so I tend to travel to places that are less expensive to be there um and to travel around um And generally speaking this is why I end up in the same part of the world over and over again, plus I find it very beautiful and I'm practicing my spanish, so that's why. Uh huh.
God. Yeah, it's so sad because it used to be really nice when I was a kid, there's like
that's
sad.
No.
one. Yeah.
you
have
had
experience.
Hi.
But
I will say it's good that you had the chance to see that though because if you're raised in America unless you are in very inner city areas like unless you're in like I don't know like michigan or in like very rural areas and like state west Virginia, we never really see true poverty. Um Which is something that's one of the reasons that I've been traveling with my we've been taking our son because we take him, we take him everywhere. When we travel, he comes with us everywhere that we go, not just like we take one like resort vacation every year where we go somewhere really nice and we stay with the beautiful linens in the pool, but the rest of the time we travel and we drive or we take the like trains in europe usually best is in central America. Um And I think he knows the difference, you know what I mean? Like he knows the difference between poor and poverty because there is a difference which really notable. Um And I think it's good for him to remember those things because especially because where we live, most of our, most of his friends are very rich, where we live uh where maybe upper middle and we live in an area with a lot of just lots of lots of multi million dollar mansions in our neighborhoods. And my son, well sometimes be like, like will occasionally be like, so how can we don't make as much as everyone else? And we actually do, we just don't, there's three of us. We don't need 7000 square.
We don't
need a car every year. Why would you do that?
No,
no, no. So they basically constantly living beyond their means because they're trying to like there's a phrase like keeping up with the joneses, like they won't look like they have so much money. My one side of my family comes from a lot of wealth, something my grandma used to say, which was a little judgy but not totally wrong, which is, you can always tell when someone is new to having money because they're screaming it as loudly as possible and everything they do right, the biggest brand names, they can find the most ostentatious car, right? Like this. Like you walk, if I have the world's largest, most ridiculous flower arrangement that like completely makes us, you can't see or talk to anyone, whereas people who have
had, who are not worried about other people thinking about them spend the money in the way that they want to spend the money. It's, she wasn't wrong, but it's not also universally true. Um, but if you look, sometimes you kind of wonder like why someone feel the need to yell so loudly and everything that they're doing that they have money, like what are they trying to say or to do with that, I'm never really sure.
call
yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm
yeah that makes sense and I think something you said kind of does affect it not so much that they were poor and then they want to like show it off, but maybe the idea that they want to disassociate themselves from how they used to feel right, like if I'm surrounded by all these nice things, I won't feel the way I used to feel because it's very hard to change one's internal feelings about yourself regardless of external things and so I think maybe there's something to the idea that like if everyone is treating them differently, it will help them feel differently. Um whereas, so for someone who's always had that they have always felt safe and secure and confident, so they don't need as much external validation. There's something there to that. I think I understand it's just very uh but someone's like the idea that someone gets a new car for here, it takes me two years to feel incredibly comfortable in the car. I like to drive my car for like 10 years because
I don't even like driving my husband's car and it's like almost the same as my car,
and
how
does it
wasn't
in their mouth
that
must have been an suv or truck, dumb asses make trucks.
To
be fair that
there are people who genuinely love cars and for them, it's almost more about hobby and less of like a utilitarian thing. I view my car is very utilitarian. Let's
do,
I want
to come.
My big thing is making sure I have all wheel drive. That's my biggest thing, right? Because I don't want it only kicking in when the car stinks. It needs to kick in because I black eyes everywhere
here
now,
all the time. I
want
all the
time.
All the time. I, that's like my one
big want out of my vehicle.
What
I'm so like, I just don't care.
yeah,
Whoa. Actually, if you're willing to take the car off the lot, which I always am,
you better deal on it. And if you're willing to get the car right after the new ones come in and get last year's model also better. And this last car I bought I bought a used car with 9000 miles on it. I saved like $12,000. Uh
one.
All
out.
Yeah. The thing was a drug dealer is funny.
How
were
it's just so funny when people assume about people. Yeah my my sister um got she's my younger sister um and she got pulled over a lot because she was driving she
well so she does drive a little fast but she got her car was handed down to her because my grandparents are nice and they gave her this giant Mercedes like the old person Mercedes right?
Not the little cute one but like this. Yeah. Right. And it's very it's
so
yeah she's significantly younger than me, she's like 22. She's she's like 15 years younger than me. And she, she um she gets pulled over for like aggressive lane change or like all things because it looks like she stole the car because
what, it's a feature that's gone because it's not what a 22 or whatever pick if you were going to spend $80,000 in a car, why would you try this? But she did, my grandparents gave it to her because my grandma's no longer driving and they didn't want to sell, they just gave it as a gift, which was lovely of them, but it's like she gets pulled over so much of it and she never got pulled over any other cars. So it's very funny when people like, they see a driver and they see a car and if it doesn't match they get pulled over, they get, you know,
stereotypes
No, it is true. A 2022 year old does not pick this car to drive, there's not a long stereotype, it's
just
I wouldn't know what to do with that, but they are pretty filing her because she stole the God, you know? I think yeah,
but I think when they pull her over and they look at her she is so much better put together and she's always like I always looked like a mom who does not care that just like when I go into work, I worked with little Children and so I always work that they can like get dirty but it looks so put together all the time. She's uh she's uh I can't think the fanciest, she's a P. A. She's a personal assistant, so
always has to look very
professional
and that
also for the job that she works, she has to look a little texi. I think it's the word. She always looks a little
yeah like very well put together and very feminine at the same time. And so I think when police officers see what she's wearing she looks less like a thief quantity
and
more like
sometimes driving her boss's car. She actually
says her boss drives a car that's pretty similar to hers which is pretty funny. She's doing okay.
She's
yeah she's she's she's quite the character. We are very different. Okay we've been talking for way too long and my son is probably done with his things. So
what?
And thanks for those suggestions about the 20 Robbins. I'll mention it to my friend. You
can
decide.