SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Oh yeah. Whoa what? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Oh hi.
SPEAKER_R: How are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: No compliance. Just just another day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: feeling
SPEAKER_R: name's Quentin
SPEAKER_L: Quentin. I'm Michaela,
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you Michaela.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet women.
SPEAKER_R: How long, how long, How long, but how many of these have you done so far?
SPEAKER_L: Probably. This is probably my like 5th 1
SPEAKER_R: Oh, same, same.
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think I'm able to do one more and then, and then I'll be mixed up.
SPEAKER_L: I think I think there is now. Oh I think so little time like when you go to um do the next part, you know like if you say if you want to do it again, I think it's a
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Well, are you doing it through prolific
SPEAKER_L: hi
SPEAKER_R: I think. Are they the only ones that do it?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if they're the only ones but that's what I'm doing it through. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm prolific. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What type of stuff do you like? No.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: currently
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: I've been kind of really focused on like job stuff, but every now and then I'll like play like a video game or something like that. But yeah, I'm not, I'm, I'm pretty easy going in that regards. Um,
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I used to be really into like hiking and stuff and then, you know, I kind of moved into the city so that stuff's not immediate to me anymore. How
SPEAKER_L: Where do you
SPEAKER_R: about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: um I like musicals. Um I'm new to like anime and body thing and like art stuff. I like that type of stuff and like costuming and everything.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's pretty awesome, so you have a very eclectic eclectic taste, that's awesome,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: like where do you, where are you
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: from?
SPEAKER_R: right um I'm from colorado um but I move around a lot like once every two or three years, so I'm usually moving, I've
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: been in, yeah, I'm currently in north Carolina. Um But yeah that's that that would be home to me if
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: I would
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: have to stay.
SPEAKER_L: reason like
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: is there a reason you, how often
SPEAKER_R: know it it seems to just be life, you know, just there's like oh there's a job here or my family's moving down there, someone, you know, move down there with them and yeah, so it's just I guess it's just how how life's you know gone, how
SPEAKER_L: is it
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: hard
SPEAKER_R: yourself?
SPEAKER_L: to like pick up and then push down? Like are you able to a create bonds and that time and I'm gonna keep them?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah um I would, you know it's it's when it comes to, I feel like I'm kind of kind of a people person, so I tend to make connections kind of quick but I'm also a very introverted person so there's like this weird juggling balance between the two were like I'll tend to make I'll tend to make connections and then I'll ghost them and it's not because like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I I don't like that person or anything, it's just that like you know I just just guess it's just who I am. But um yeah yeah I do I think I think people I've I've had the opportunity a lot of very beautiful people thankfully
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah yeah that's that's definitely the one thing I've really enjoyed about moving around. It gives me the chance to see a lot of different perspectives and um I kind of wish that I I could you know travel outside of the United States but it's never really happened. Yeah I've never been outside the States.
SPEAKER_L: I want to go to camp. Like I went to Canada before like I went to Canada and then like Jamaica, like the different islands, but I miss Canada so much. And
SPEAKER_R: what do
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: what do you like about, like what what do you love about Canada so much?
SPEAKER_L: Well okay so I'm from philadelphia and now I live in New Jersey so It's not that far away, you know like it's like it's not far. So my move was like 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Whereas candidates like I didn't go, I didn't visit a whole bunch of places. I think that's what it is like I'm I went when I was 17 and now I'm 19 so it's like now I'm able to do more you know? Um And I would like to experience it like the different things that it has to offer, like I want to also and that was really cool but there's there's a whole country like there's so much there and it just seems so much more peaceful than America and I'm just like I want that and I want to see what it's like to, I would like to live there for like a year or six months to a year and then moved to new york like move different places.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So what's your what's your current plans then, are you like focusing on like school
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: or is it work or what's what's your current focus?
SPEAKER_L: right now I'm focused on school but not really. So I'm trying to make it so that like I get my have my grades up. Like I'm trying I'm focused on school enough for me to have great grades, but I'm also trying to like find an online job so like, you know the different studies and then I'm gonna start looking for like customer service jobs, stuff like that. Because my true goal, like I'm in school for style language interpreting and then I want to go for art
SPEAKER_R: keep
SPEAKER_L: therapy, but my I just need enough money to travel.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's pretty cool, you know? Um So my girlfriend, she actually works in um the credential board for our therapists, so she's she's yeah, she's a part of the board that like when you do all the tests and stuff, she's the one that um like certifies the credentials and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a small world, you know, it's so funny because um I mean like even a few years back I had never heard of art therapy. And then just from like different people I met who were like taking our therapy for themselves, you know? Or like um or for your yourself who's who's getting in, who wants to get into that field, you know? It's just so interesting how it became like this theme in my life, you know? Well.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just super excited about it. It's just I put it aside because I'm like, okay well um our sound like everything but the easiest for me to grab, like I I can do it in in a short amount of time. Whereas therapy and like doctors, like that's a long road. I'm like well I wanna sign myself up for like a long road, but if you're passionate about something then that's what you should do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a lot of work though being a being a doctor and I wouldn't want to do it personally. It's just it's too much time investment and something like that. I
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: mean I
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: guess like the money is good but it wouldn't be worth. I mean, me personally. I mean so like I've worked produce, you know, um currently I'm currently unemployed. But that was where I worked less. I'm, you know, looking for a job. but um yeah, I don't know, I think that kind of, that would be too much of an investment, you know like the school and stuff. Mhm. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I get it, that's how I feel right now but that's just because I'm not passionate about what I'm doing like I feel like oh my gosh I feel like all my time is going somewhere that I'm not like satisfied with. But once you have like something that you're like oh I really want this I think it will be a little bit easier for me to like swallow the time you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well like you said right now you want to, you want to travel as your is your ultimate goal, right?
SPEAKER_L: That's my ultimate god. Always been my ultimate like
SPEAKER_R: That's you know, there's that is that's awesome though, I mean there's a huge world to see, you know and so many different people and and things. I'd always wanted to go to Northern europe just because of like how the cold, you know, because
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I've heard
SPEAKER_L: wait
SPEAKER_R: about places,
SPEAKER_L: at home?
SPEAKER_R: it's just you know, there's something there's uh there's there's a connection to, to it I guess because where I'm from in colorado, it gets really cold um and it's like you have to like bury pipes to houses like six ft underground or freezes and yeah, it's it's but there's you know there's this there's this feeling that when it gets that cold and it's night time and you can see the stars and it's just really quiet and so there's there's there's a connection I guess I have a connection to that that I would I would like to experience and that regards you know? But besides that I don't even know like like travel wise I mean how about yourself like so Canada you said you'd like to be there for a year, six months or a year but where else?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I've always wanted to go to Thailand I want to go to um the new Orleans like I want to go to Louisiana. I want to go to Iceland and I want to go scuba diving there because um it's freezing obviously but if you when you go deep enough yeah you could die but everything leads to death so it's okay. Thank you. I feel like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: need to stop not doing stuff because the chances death like we're all dying. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know it gets
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: out of life alive
SPEAKER_L: like life is that like it's inevitable so why not do something that you really want to do? Like don't let that stop you. So you scuba dive right? And then you can touch I don't know if it's Iceland in europe but there's one point once you go deep enough the two continents are so close that you can reach your arms out and touch both. And it's the coolest thing ever. And I just yeah I want to do that. I want to go back to florida so I can go swimming with dolphins and stuff because I didn't get a chance to do that at Seaworld. So yeah I'm just excited.
SPEAKER_R: It sounds like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you've
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: got your priorities in place though
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: because that sounds like a life well lived if you do all that you know
SPEAKER_L: I know but then it's like okay right now with everything being virtual for school, I wish I could travel during that time for this easy
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: to just pack your computer and everything. But we're in quarantine for a reason so it makes sense not to.
SPEAKER_R: if you get a job in a like a field where you can work online though you can just work and travel. You know you always have the money you need to do the traveling because I I've read that some people do that. They have like an online I. T. Community of like people who work I. T. For companies and it's just a group and they just travel around the world Together. It's the coolest thing I had never thought of it. But yeah that's there's there's so many there's so many routes for you to take to achieve that. Which and also your your 19 right? So it's like you got your whole life ahead of you to do this. That's pretty that's pretty cool though you know I think when I was 19 I was so I was clueless what I wanted to do.
SPEAKER_L: How old
SPEAKER_R: You know what
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: mean? Well I'm hitting my 30s. Yeah, I'm very salty about it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: We do not. I'm gonna guess you were like 21.
SPEAKER_R: that is a compliment. Thank you because I I hate I hate aging. I hate aging so much. Yeah. Well I'm very I'm very um very particular to like, I'll notice it, like my hairline start receiving. So I went to get I went to the barber and I was all sour and the person like, like you have nice hair and yeah, I used to be nicer now, it's old hair, you know, like, because I'm just I was in a bad mood and you know, so you know, like just I'm a very sour ager I guess I'm very sold to about it.
SPEAKER_L: What have you noticed about it? Like I hate I like birthdays itself, but I don't like getting older, like that's never been something that I wanted. Like do I want to go to casinos and stuff? Yes, but I'm okay with not being at that point yet. You know, like I'm okay with being here because life moves so fast. That time is my biggest fear. Like I don't think I'm scared of aging itself. Like I'm perfectly set up to be a grandma. Like I like baking course saying it's just the fact that we don't know how much time we have freaks me out. Like no other like I'm not scared of like Humanly things like I'm not am I scared of death? Kind of? But like I'm not scared of the possibility of dying, you know, it's like not knowing how much time I have left, like it's not like, oh yeah, you get to have this and then you get to have that like one thing can change your whole plan, like plans don't matter and they were in the world, it's good to have them, but they don't matter. So I'm scared of getting older, but at the same time, I'm not sure what changes are happening as I age, like what have you noticed?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I mean the only, I mean things, you know, I mean things do happen like you're going to have life experiences, but I guess the only thing that I've really noticed is that I get like these, these back pains that I hate because it means that I've literally come to an age right now. I need to take care of my body to not break it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: when I could just completely, when I was younger I could just abuse it as I wanted to. You know, I'm like, I'll do this, I'll do this and I won't even think about how my body feels and now I now I have to, you know, which kind of sucks. That's that's
SPEAKER_L: I don't understand that.
SPEAKER_R: awful reminder because it's, you know, it's like a representation of limitation, you know? And I mean, no one likes limitations but it comes with age I guess.
SPEAKER_L: You're not you're not at the age where I would think that people will be upset for, they're at that age like 30 is not like, Oh my gosh, I'm 30. Like what are you missing? What do you what do you like? What can't you do anymore besides abuse your body? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you know, that's the thing, it's not that I can't, there's things I feel like I can't do. It's just that the all sudden the time limit has become more clear to me. Like, yeah, this aging thing is real and this isn't gonna last forever. So you know, do I want to like mobilize
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: myself and you know, achieve something? What does that mean? I guess the question has become more important? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like what are you doing with your time now to try to make it like instead of, did you ever start looking at instead of like how much time you have, like how much you do with it? Like what have you been doing with it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, it's, it's so funny. I look back at it and I was actually having a conversation about this with my brother. It's just I've always viewed my life as a series of obligations like, oh, I have to do this and I don't need to do this, you know? And even like uh like goals or something that I would set for myself, there was more of an obligation to achieve them than an actual, um than an actual desire to, I guess I'm just one of those people who is very out of touch with what they want. They're so kind of, you know, I guess could may be consumed by the goalpost or something, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I get it.
SPEAKER_R: That's why what
SPEAKER_L: I I still
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: have to wait
SPEAKER_R: saying.
SPEAKER_L: current.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but what you were saying earlier was very refreshing about how you kind of realize the, you know, like we're
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: all gonna die and you know, and
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It sounds more, but
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: when you say it like that,
SPEAKER_R: but it's true though.
SPEAKER_L: that is I don't know, I think that's my way of trying to like overcome this fear. Like you don't understand how far back the fear goes. Like my fear used to be of the unknown
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you think about it. The only true unknown thing. Like yeah, there's like, I'm not, I don't not believe in aliens. I don't
SPEAKER_R: Anything
SPEAKER_L: not believe in ghosts. Like how is it possible that we're the only forum? Like I that is not a fear of mine zombies. Like anything's possible. Whatever time you can, there is no amount of science that you can do to figure out how much time you have. Exactly. It's like no matter what like this diet poquito can cause death. Oh um this can cause death that it's like everything causes death.
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: causes
SPEAKER_L: not about
SPEAKER_R: quite
SPEAKER_L: the death, it's about not knowing what happened.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard a
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: long time ago that arthritis was caused
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: by poisoning
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: by oxygen. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's like the oxygen gets between your joints. So like when you move your joints, why it's it's there's pain is because of the oxygen that's accumulated.
SPEAKER_L: What in the world?
SPEAKER_R: So I'm thinking like if that's true, which I don't know, that's why I have to say like if it's true, um it's like then the very air you breathe eventually poisons you,
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: course everything kills you. Like there's no
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: avoiding it. Like we don't just die like things are killing us actively currently and this is my thing. Okay. I used to save everything. Like I never spent money like before, like it's just not something that came natural to me And I spent like $750 on stuffed animals and I know I know I'm working on But I was about to spend 50 more dollars today and I didn't so ha I'm
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: winning.
SPEAKER_R: you go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh but spending money on stupid things taught me that like I was not allowing. Do I think that stuffed animals are the key. Not exactly, but I think like when you live and then like you allow yourself to like what are you saving for?
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: You know like I think I'm sorry I want to say for like trips and stuff, but sometimes you deserve like immediate well rewards or satisfaction or something that makes you smile in that moment because the moment that you have is all that you have like yeah, I can save forever and I can say I'm going to have this huge trip but then say I'm on my deathbed and I never got to take that trip. What
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: else
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: did I have? Like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: That's true.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's scary. It sucks like losing people like being left. Like all that type of stuff freaks me out. Don't get me wrong. But when I was, I was stopping myself from living by being afraid of dying, which you're not even using the like you have.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That song. That's some heavy stuff dude. That's some heavy stuff. You you definitely dropped a bomb on me. I have to I have to process that but I think I agree with you. I have to agree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I do not mean it.
SPEAKER_R: No no that's okay. That's that's good. That's that's better than it would have been worse if it was like we struggled to have a conversation but this is you know it flows very well. But um No I don't know. I don't even know. I haven't really thought about. I actually uh we lost a
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: family friend recently and I really had a
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: process
SPEAKER_L: of it.
SPEAKER_R: that and kind of like think about what it meant to die and stuff and I don't really think about it but I probably like unconsciously operate on the on like a fear of death, you know, because I do set
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: lot of self limitations and stuff um which probably comes from something like that, but I don't even know if I'm ready to address that problem. I think that you're, you're on an entirely different pages than me, but hey, the fact that that that that you, you can face it though, I think is incredible.
SPEAKER_L: Well I think it's just like you're realizing this now so it makes sense that you're not able to process it. Like this has been an issue that I've struggled with like forever. Like I've never known life without being afraid of time and death and everything like that. So it's not a new issue for me. Like it seems like, oh, you're so whatever. But I've been dealing with it for 19 years, like 19 is not a long time. But when people noticed problem a few years ago, it's different than like your entire life. Like, so I think you should take the time that you need to like address everything because I can say, oh, I lived in everything, but then one time, I don't know how I'm gonna feel like I haven't been in your shoes. Like I haven't been
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like, do you feel accomplished so far?
SPEAKER_R: so here's the thing, I don't feel like I've really accomplished any of the major goals I set out for myself, but I don't feel like a failure because I have tackled some some some serious stuff, but never things that I intended to tackle is kind of like what you said, you really don't foresee what life throws at you. So yeah, I don't feel like I've, I've accomplished what I wanted to accomplish by any means, but I don't I don't feel like I don't feel like my my time here has been has been wasted, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I do. I feel like my time has been wasted. Like I, I feel like all of the things that I want to do are in a different category than things that I have done. So I feel like I failed so far, which is why I'm scared of running out of time to change that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Oh no,
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense, That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: if I
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: spot.
SPEAKER_R: get achievements, things? Yeah, I have a different issue. I sometimes I have to I struggle to find like, like meaning and a lot of the things I do, which is which is kind of a different, a
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: different
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: place to be.
SPEAKER_L: like give me an example.
SPEAKER_R: Well, you know, I I guess with I've I've become disillusioned with a lot of aspects of life, so it doesn't excite me, like it used to um so it's it's like a lot of the things that I would take with inherent meaning um like where I would seek meaning in it, it's kind of just lost it over time, just I saw a different perspective and that's one of the things like I've I've met a lot of people and I've been exposed to different perspectives and so I'm like, okay I can I can see where this would be tricky that there's not like an eat, especially like um like for instance, like in politics, I don't usually get very charged in politics. I'm very um I'm around people who are very charged, you know, um definitely um they're like rocky, you you have to vote vote biden and I was like, I'm gonna I'm gonna vote biden, no worries and like no, but you have to and I'm like okay, you know, like I
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: that's not necessary. Yeah. Okay. I I get what you mean. I'm not a charged person, like I'm not super life, but I have a really hard time. Like I accidentally went on a date with a trump supporter
SPEAKER_R: Oof
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: crushed.
SPEAKER_L: he was a great person, I would not have guessed, you know? But when it comes down to like we can disagree on different types of foods, different types of restaurants, basic things, but when we think about like fundamental human rights, I can't disagree with my partner on that, you know, so it's just, I appreciate that your mind is expanded whatever it is, but you have not come far enough for me to accept that you don't even understand the racism and the president right now, you don't understand the sexism and the president. You don't understand anything. You just see money. When you say the economy, you just see money versus people
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: dying and I can't, you don't even understand that. That's a problem. So I can't help you. But there's levels
SPEAKER_R: no, that's true, It
SPEAKER_L: because I'm not
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: like a privileged perspective. He has, he hasn't had to experience that stuff, so his focus is entirely entirely different, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: it's like,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I'm not racist. Like, yeah, I'm not, if you have to say that, I didn't accuse you of it. Okay. Like you just know you're being defensive over something. I didn't even say like, it's like I'm scared of trump supporters because they're not, they love an old man. You know, you love this man so much and I'm like, that's weird.
SPEAKER_R: I know somebody who calls trump daddy trump and I'm like that is just the most cold thing I've ever heard. You shouldn't call
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: anybody.
SPEAKER_L: know that's the word I've ever heard anyone described trump as it's a colt. Thank
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: freaking
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: call it
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: Gold Star.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's it's it's pretty extreme but um I don't know it's but see I used to get like very like charged about that stuff and again just with a lot of you know, meeting a lot of different people. I I kind of saw why people believe they do often times and it is it's like you said it's just a lack of understanding they haven't been exposed to to that concept directly because they would feel very different about it if they've been exposed to you know racism or racism affected them, they feel very differently about it. Um
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's just like, I've just never seen people just openly murder people like this.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: I've never witnessed this. And then for them to be so many supporters, you know, like for there to be so many people that just don't see it. It's like if it was you in that situation, you would feel completely different. And like when he got the virus, he didn't even see like by telling the people that it wasn't that bad. Like everyone does not have the same medical team as the president. So I'm sure it was a lot less severe for you because they gave you whatever they needed to give you for you to feel better immediately. Most people don't have access to that. Most people don't have access to health care. So it's a very small minded viewpoint that needs to be addressed, but they can't see it and I can't help them.
SPEAKER_R: You know it's it's really interesting, I feel like the really extreme base of trump's those people, I think they they have this weird view of the world of like evil cabals of people controlling and it's like anything to like addressing racism isn't actually about racism, it's about you know
SPEAKER_L: Them.
SPEAKER_R: control and manipulation or something like that. And it's I feel like they're they're very much driven by fear. It's a fear of understanding again, it's it's a it's a fear of ignorance because they've never you know, made the effort to you know, see this
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: supposed other side to realize that it's just people on the other side just like you um that they created
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: this weird
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: shadow story, you know, as it's going
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: like I don't get how everything like it's like against science. Like I think that's what it is. Like I called against science because climate change is not not there, how warm it was in New Jersey. Like we just got our first like jacket weather. It is November 17.
SPEAKER_R: Whoa, whoa. In New Jersey. Oh wow. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: It was 70's all through September
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: and October
SPEAKER_R: joking
SPEAKER_L: Halloween. It was like 71. So climate change is very much there. You need to wear a mask. The virus is not fake. Like I don't get how science is just that doesn't exist.
SPEAKER_R: That's ignored. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, don't get it.
SPEAKER_R: it's gonna be it's gonna be very bad. There's just you know it's just I don't understand I don't see this kind of ignorance to these kind of things going very well you know there's there's a lot of, I don't know it's gonna get ugly. I I really do think it's gonna get really ugly.
SPEAKER_L: it's just
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: these other countries are just so much more successful than us but we have the most equipment to deal with it. I just it's people not listening. Like if we would we would have been over it we would have been done.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we would have beating this really quick instead we decided
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: to say that Covid doesn't exist. So that's what the president said. That was very disastrous. Yeah. Yeah. So so how do you feel overall about this year then this this year has been an absolute uh shit show I would say.
SPEAKER_L: It's been a disaster. Like I have not, I haven't been introvert myself, I didn't know that for a long time. I just thought I was like it's just I need to recharge for a long time before I can go back out into the world. I have not had a hard time with being in the house like that has not been my issue but I like having the option to leave if I want to without fear in my life already fear it because I'm black. I don't need to fear because this virus is gonna get me, you know like it's just you don't know who has it, it's invisible and that's kind of freaky too because some people are asymptomatic which is scary and then it's just this year has sucked. Had so many things go wrong. We also have the death. It's like the whole dynamic that you can't even comfort people the right way, you can't be around people the right way. It's not even like we're in this together type of thing because you can't be with them together. It's just so isolating and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I just wish things went differently, you know, because there's so much that I want to experience and with that fear of time, I feel like this was a perfect opportunity for me to experience things that I lost like a year of my life in that regard. So I mean there's so many movies and anime that I haven't seen. So that's good. Like I got opened up in that way, but the world is so big and I'm still
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: it is the big world. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: This year's been, this year has been very difficult. Um
SPEAKER_L: How do you feel about it?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty much the same. It's um again like I'm introverted, right? So that that's like you said that person at the bad part, but for instance, one family um situations occurred, it's made it so much harder to actually figure out. I mean for instance, um a lot of my family is traveling to my mom's place and for thanksgiving and I mean our grandma, she's in her eighties, right? So it's like, well we can't. You guys should, I told my mom was like you should cancel thanksgiving because if you get sick you're the only one who sees our grandma right now, she's gonna know it's gonna be bad. So I suggested just canceling the whole freaking things. It's not worth it because we're younger. So I guess maybe if we get sick we have a much better shot. But she's it's just not
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it's not
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: worth her
SPEAKER_L: worth it.
SPEAKER_R: with her health. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My friends
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: grandparents got Covid
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: they do
SPEAKER_L: it was very recent, like what's Today? Today is Tuesday. It probably happened on thursday or Wednesday,
SPEAKER_R: kenya?
SPEAKER_L: so she's not doing okay like mentally and when she worked out for amazon, so those warehouse jobs, that's a lot of people are getting sick and then amazon is not telling them who it is, so they don't know if they were in contact with the person. So now she um it's just both of them had it and they couldn't speak, they couldn't walk, they couldn't get up and down the steps, get themselves dressed, they weren't eating like it was terrible and she was like they were just fine, they were just walking, they were just talking, they were just driving, they were doing everything that they did before like this hit them like really, really hard and I was just saying I'm so glad I don't know many people personally with the virus, but you never know and it's just sad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's the uh you know I I hope for the best for them. You know? That's just very rough. Yeah, it's just I mean the same. I mean we we've had some covid scares and luckily nothing came of it and I hope that you know that situation only the best comes from it. You know? But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: it's such a it's so it's such high risk stuff. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: And it's getting so much worse. Like when we were in quarantine, like official quarantine, The cases in New Jersey were like they're still high, like it was like 286 to like 300 something a day. Then now we're in the thousands every day. Like we get like Last time I checked it was like 1500 something. So that one day Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And I'm
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: have these they have the stupid um mega of freaking thing on PC with four million people. That has to be a gigantic super spreader. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: they're not wearing masks noticed. Like for the when biden gave his speech, people were wearing masks
SPEAKER_R: I know right. Yeah. That was the one the one thing is that you know with the protest has been going on this year. People wore masks to those things and then these these these people just go around without masks so they don't believe the disease freaking exists and they get everybody else sick, it's just it's very frustrating to see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Are you? I'm scared to like need a trump supporter on one of these interview things. Yes. What would happen like you have 25 minutes, you know how hard it is to find coming ground, It's like it would just be so uncomfortable to you imagine like oh yeah, can you believe all this? Like what what will we talk about?
SPEAKER_R: so I
SPEAKER_L: So?
SPEAKER_R: I I know some trump supporters not much um my my girlfriend's uh cousin, she's a trump supporter um and
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: they got in a huge family fight and I was there for that and I was I actually I kind of thought it was funny because I'm like I'm glad because it was it was a kind of my family doesn't really get in fights over politics, you know? But there's winter, they were like ready to like throw fists and stuff and I was like,
SPEAKER_L: what was she saying?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she's you know, she's just just about what you would expect, just conspiracy stuff and you know, you know all these protesters right now are burning our businesses and stuff and it's and
SPEAKER_L: That's not the same thing, protesters and rioters are completely different.
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah that's the thing is like if you're protesting you're protesting if you're writing you're writing right, that's it.
SPEAKER_L: it's very different.
SPEAKER_R: You can't
SPEAKER_L: And I'm
SPEAKER_R: jump one
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: together.
SPEAKER_L: in comport arriving like it makes no sense of destroying your own city. Like that does not I don't agree with that.
SPEAKER_R: So I do think it's really sad for people that do feel like they have to write because that shows that they don't feel that they own that stuff. They don't they don't look at those businesses, they don't look at like um um they don't look at him like this belongs to me. They feel like an outsider, you know?
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: And that's
SPEAKER_L: the system
SPEAKER_R: that's important
SPEAKER_L: has
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: failed them. Like the system has failed them. That to the point where they can't afford anything in those shops because everything you're trying to keep you down like think of like native americans like everything this country was started out from taking away from people that actually originated here and then they don't want to let immigrants in when they're immigrants themselves and they've taken away like black people's culture. We don't have any idea what type of tribe were from whatever. And then you have to fear um doing those like ancestry DNA things because you don't know what they're doing with your with your D. N. A. You don't know what they're doing and you're paying them to store it and when they store it they have complete access. You don't know what you're signing away and whatever terminology they use so you can't even see, oh I'm from this and part of this. And when people die, like I'm, we think that we're native american, like part native american, you know Because my grandma, but she was 94 when she passed away. So we never got to ask her all the questions we wanted to. Where do we go? There's not enough people, like it's so hard to link everything, whereas most white people can be like, oh yeah, I'm part Poland. I'm part european. We
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: funny that you say that we my mom actually was told us that we were all from Scotland or something. I did take one of those tests were talking about and I have the same fear by the way. I like these guys don't even know where the stuff is going to go. We do. I was everything she said we were, we weren't, she was, it was amazing. She was so upset when I told her, but it was pretty, it was pretty great. But I, I know
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: work? What, what company did you use?
SPEAKER_R: I did 23 and me um if you know, so I have mixed feelings about it. I, I agree with you. You don't know what they're gonna do with it. Another thing that I think is because of the environment we live in, it's really hard to keep that kind of information hidden anyway. You know, if people want it, they're going to get it, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: your thing. They couldn't
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: it from
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: their
SPEAKER_R: they,
SPEAKER_L: guts.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like, but I mean like for instance if you like leave gum out or something, I know that sounds, I, I just don't know. I, I know it's important. I just don't know how to entirely protected, you know because everything so information is so commodified and it's easy to get like, Like you could, you could pull up my um my birth certificate and my social security number for like 20 bucks if you really
SPEAKER_L: boring.
SPEAKER_R: wanted it. It's
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: insane.
SPEAKER_L: like the face scans on like Snapchat where like they put the cute little face on, it's like, what are they doing with your whole face? Can? No.
SPEAKER_R: But if you're
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: ever curious, I mean I because I I can't imagine what that must feel like for you, you know, not knowing what your background is if you're ever curious. I mean the there's there's definitely, it can fix some of that for you just knowing what your background is. You know,
SPEAKER_L: Like how did it work? How much was it, how long did it take for
SPEAKER_R: shoot
SPEAKER_L: the results
SPEAKER_R: uh how much was it? Um. Mhm. I can't
SPEAKER_L: here? I can
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: that up. You don't have to worry about that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We also. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did it take a
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: long
SPEAKER_R: was my
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: fault.
SPEAKER_L: for you to get the results?
SPEAKER_R: It takes like a month. They have to process it and they put a lot of work into it. They literally look at like the migration of people to figure out where your jeans came from. And even like really rare genes, they're always asking me questions to be a part of things because I have a very similar mindset to like I'm 50 50 like I know how commodified it all is already, but it's part of me that's kind of like, you know, this is, this is me, I don't want to just put this out there. So I haven't really part, but there's, there is a pretty big and if, if there, if you have family, you have never met that's taken it. They will tell you about that. And those other people who have taken the test, they'll link you with them so you can meet them. It's
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's it's it's worth it. But like you said, like because they were bought out by a different company, so now a different company than what I agreed with now owns that right now. They
SPEAKER_L: ancestry DNA. But you didn't it's probably them but they but you didn't consent for a new company.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. But I guess they still have to what I signed as a waiver for what they're allowed to use it for. They have to uh obliged by that. But there's other things like is there a way that this agreement becomes, you know, outdated because they probably have a gigantic legal team who can, you know, tackle one of those if they really want to, You know what I mean? It's like so but that that might just be like the paranoid lack of, you know, paranoid ignorance of my and not really understanding what the world looks like. Um But yeah, I don't have a very positive mindset about the whole thing. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: either
SPEAKER_L: think I'd be a little nervous about it just because I'm not sure how truthful it would be for a black person simply because reparations say it comes down to it at the end of like say we get to the point where there's finally reparations for like slavery and stuff, right? I feel like if you take you have to take one of those DNA tests for them to be sure that you're like whatever their their criteria is. I
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: feel like it could be altered just so that you wouldn't get it. You
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: know like whatever the percentage would be would be lessons so that you get less of whatever reward it is. I just I never thought about it deeply but like that would make sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's and that's the thing. It's it's just and so this is what I struggle with because you
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: know that what you said, I I've never thought about it, but it's true because the only people who will not like people in politics like this is too expensive and they'll find all the ways they can to not have to pay that right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah they cut corners. Why wouldn't you like why wouldn't you if you have a history of doing everything else corrupt when it comes down to people that you're not fond of? Why would you want them to have money that you feel like you put into that pot? I don't think that people like when you think about it the people that want slaves are the ones that would not want to pay towards, would their ancestors have done? So you know what kind of riding would happen if reparations like some kind of wall was passed for that? It would be terrible like it would be good and it's necessary and deserve. But I think that all hell would break loose in the south. Right?
SPEAKER_R: There'd be a lot of people who are upset, but I feel like, yeah, first off it does have to happen because there's a lot of there's a lot of things, it's just it's not it's not been addressed and there's a lot of things that continue today because of you know, spite and also just people just not want wanting to see it, you know what I mean? Um So it needs to be addressed, but I I agree that there would be a lot of get nasty, especially how divided everyone is right now, it'd be nasty, but it still needs to happen, you know? But that
SPEAKER_L: I feel like
SPEAKER_R: will never
SPEAKER_L: that's like
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: away.
SPEAKER_L: first step. You know like I feel like that's the first step because I feel like rioters just want to feel well both protesters and rioters can agree that they want to feel heard and appreciate it. Like how much you've built, how much you put in like mm
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: black women work so hard But see very little of the profits when you think of minimum wage. So here in New Jersey the minimum wage now is $11. It used to be 8:40 or 86 Yeah it was 8 44 than it was 8 16. Now it's 11 and the goal of 15 Pennsylvania. It's still $7 there. And when it's $7 like yes, here, property taxes are insane. The cost of living here is high, but when you take the cost of living and then you add um how many Children you have. It doesn't like it's not enough. The amount of Children that you have the amount for child care. Sorry, they're calling my siblings. Um But it's just so expensive and
SPEAKER_R: and the argument, well, you know, obviously you need to be married to someone and have a family to do. It's like that's not a good argument. You shouldn't have to get yourself into something like that to to survive. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: it's survival mode and no one's gonna come see you. Like that's scary people.
SPEAKER_R: need we do need a basic, I do agree. We need a I don't I don't know if you I assume you agree with this. So let me say it before, I assume for you, but I I think that a basic income nationwide should be just something that's put out there where everyone has enough to to meet ends meet, you know um Because universal income I think is what it's called, right? Universal basic income.
SPEAKER_L: I think that would be good if everything costs the same everywhere. Like I think you should make money based on what you have to because I don't think like, I think um if property taxes were the same in New Jersey, property taxes are insane here. But gas is insane in Philly to make up for that, you know? So if gas was the same price, if it was the same low price and property taxes for the same price, then it will be fair and everyone should have the same income, you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: because you can't have different prices across different states. Like Delaware has no property, no, no, um, sales tax, so we have sales tax here, it's not equal in any way. It's like people, the state would feel like, oh, well I need to make my own rules. What power do we have? So it's layers to it, it's so many layers and it's so
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: deep
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: and I don't even understand all of it. I don't understand there. The amount of information that there is to gain is so rough for me because I feel like I don't have enough time, like 24 hours is not enough every day. Like I want to learn so much, but then I'm like this that you want to learn that. So then I have a piece of everything instead of me knowing a bunch of knowledge about one thing, I just know a bunch about different topics, which doesn't help me, like it helps me have a broad range, but I'm not um it's like a, what is it? The draft of all trades is the master of nothing. It's like I want to master something but my there's so much out there, but I don't have the time to master one thing. I want them after them all, but that's impossible.
SPEAKER_R: it's a very complicated world but
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: have you tried like making
SPEAKER_L: late.
SPEAKER_R: a list of like things
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: you know you need to learn so at least you're you're covering those things you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have tons of list. I make lists of rot. Like I have so many lists, these pages and pages. A list of things. Like I write list so much that I'm like, I need to stop writing lists so that I'm actually tackling the things with my phone. I have like 500 different joe slash movies that I need to get to gather. But we're end of quarantine because I'm like, I there's so much knowledge hidden in them and I want to understand references and like get it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: your your world hungry, you see this gigantic world and you wanna you wanna explore it and there's so many different ways to explore it and there's also a piece like well if I go here that I'm missing out here and you know maybe you know maybe with your goals until like you you know there's something that you want to master in that it's it's okay to just take it from here and here and here because you're still learning even if it's not something even though you're not mastering it you're still you understand it enough to talk about it like I didn't know that what you're talking about the thing and um I can't even remember the country you said. But um with
SPEAKER_L: Iceland.
SPEAKER_R: the two yeah with the two continent place. I thought that was that was so interesting. Like I didn't know that. That's that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Here I'll look it up. It's like I but I don't know about like, oh, what's the language here? What is this, like, what um what is different things like the way that people live in certain places? I feel like I'd be so ignorant once. I'm actually like, I can talk about this broad range, but once I would be actually thrusted into the one environment that I'm talking about at that time, I would be like 1000% new.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: but to be fair that's
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: that's okay because I feel like
SPEAKER_L: I spoke.
SPEAKER_R: just talking with you, I think people would be like, oh this person is really interested and they want to teach you like you want to. I feel like I feel like because it's like the United States, like how we all grew up, we were around kids who are like really shitty when they knew something, oh you don't know this well, you suck and you don't know anymore because that's the rules. But I feel like the actual world is people want to share their experiences. So you you you you just approaching
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm gonna meet
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: happy. That's such an important thing that I never was told. Thank
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: people people with just the fact that you that you're there and you're interested people would just they do want to share you know they want to be around people who care about their their part of life and and they'll
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: built into you know
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and you
SPEAKER_L: just, I don't think a lot of people have the same like with me having such a jumping train of thought, I guess I would say, or interests like a broad span of interest. I think it's not like I've never been one of those people that was like, oh, I really like this thing and I'm going to perfect it. I never got to the perfection, the perfection stage. So I admire people that are able to do that because I'm not capable in a way of having one interest for a long time. Like it just never happened. Like I was in dance and soccer, then karate, then this in gymnastics and, and it's like I never perfected just dance or just karate, Like it was like, I would have a blue belt here. Okay, let me go back to dance. It's like, I never had the time. There was never enough time for me to just absorb one thing. But now it's just, that's the way that my life was set. So I still have that same everything thing and then I'll take something and I'll be like all or nothing at all or nothing. But then it goes away so fast because I'm not used to putting that much of myself into one thing. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: a spark of desire and then it dies down.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You know don't don't be don't be too hard on yourself about that though. I you you remind me of someone I know and uh he his understanding of the world, he has a very beautiful understanding the world but he he told me he has the same problem, he'll get really interested in something and he'll be that he'll decide I'm going to dedicate myself to this and he will do it for like a day or a week or a month and then something pulled away. That's just who he is though. But what happens
SPEAKER_L: that's who
SPEAKER_R: when you do
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: But I feel like it's not accepted to be that way or I don't accept it myself. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm trying to look up the Iceland thing I forgot,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: but I forgot. Like, I just don't know. I feel like a lost puppy, like a lost person. I'm like, okay, I'm going to get a therapist, right? But the therapist can't change my, my sense of being like, I've never lived a different way. And it's like I for a long time, I was like, I don't know how I'm gonna be able to love someone if I love different things, not, not just one person, it's not like I need to love different people. It's you love something so much, but then it's like, it dies down. It never dies down if you're in love with the person, which I didn't understand that until I was actually in love with someone. You know, I get it now. But it's like when I love something so much, um if they choose to leave or if that thing leaves me, I'm so used to being the one that pulls away, like I can pull away from an activity, I can pull away from a person, I can pull away from this and it will have little effect on me because I know the next thing is coming. But if that thing suddenly gets pulled away, like say like a karate studio just is not there anymore or like a dance school is gone or toys arrest just leaving. It's like that's not in my control at that point, I'm devastated for a long time. Like in a relationship, if that person Leaves or if I feel like it's it's there part it hurts me 1,000% more than if I chose that because I'm used to being the chooser of pulling out of certain things, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do. I know what you mean. I feel there's a sense of rejection when when you, when you pull out of something, you get to choose when it's over, you don't have to feel rejected. Um But if if it happens to you, there is that sense that, well, what's wrong with me, that this had to happen or I wasn't ready to do this? I there's still more that needed to be addressed. Um I understand, I know exactly what you're talking about. I feel like I feel like a lot of people um would know would know where you're coming from, that might be a connection you have with, you know, your fellow humans, you know that sense of shared
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: humanity
SPEAKER_L: Earthlings.
SPEAKER_R: because everyone is different. Uh I feel like everyone's like position in life is so different that a lot of us oftentimes can feel like we're alone and the things that we experience and I do I do think that there are things that are very unique to our own experience, but there are also the things that connect us, you know, and that's what you just said. It's definitely something that I think connects a lot of people is that
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: sense
SPEAKER_L: you ever
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: figure out how to like move past that? Like how do you ever figure out how like do you just let the pain stay until it goes? Like that's never works for me?
SPEAKER_R: Um I feel like everyone, again, everyone is different. Um I never really got a choice when when those things happen to me, I didn't get to choose when it left. It was just, it would be a very, incredibly painful time and then eventually it wasn't so much just stopped been so painful. Um, there there is life afterwards, but some people can just straight up just put up a wall, you know, and you're just cut out of their life and there's no coming back, you know, it just depends on the kind of person or
SPEAKER_L: My heart's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: just so big. It's too big for like I'm not I can put up a wall with, I chose that but I can't stop myself from loving someone if you know, like you can't stop your own emotions. That's not a thing. Like for me, it's not it's unheard of to me, like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: emotionally
SPEAKER_R: I think I have
SPEAKER_L: unavailable people freaked me out because I'm like, how do you not feel what is going on?
SPEAKER_R: I know I know what you mean. I I am I try but I I get very invested in the people around me. Um So it's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: hard for me to keep up walls. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've been around a lot of emotionally unavailable people and they make for good teachers, you know what I mean? They
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: no they'll still
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: teach
SPEAKER_L: learn?
SPEAKER_R: you how to, you know, you know you you have to kind of you know you kind of have to at the end of the day but not by any designs that are malicious or otherwise, but the only person who can really have your back as you and because people people will, people will have your back but they can't always have your back, it's just impossible and that you can't put yourself in a situation being like, well this person, this person will have my back when it's time because it's sometimes it's not time, you know, sometimes it doesn't work out that way, but but this is a personal lesson I had to learn just from my own position. That might be a lesson. That's very to you. That just makes sense right to me, I had to hold down.
SPEAKER_L: I have to learn that I have to understand that like everyone doesn't have, also everyone's healing isn't the same pace, like they can have different things before they came into your life and that they're still getting over. So it's like the processing time, like think of a package, you have to think of, like different analogies, like think of um the processing time of a package, you may order something from Scotland, you may order something from china is going to get to you at different times because the processing time is different, so you could get there, you could arrive to being okay faster, or they could arrive to being okay faster, but you just the wrong time, it's the wrong time and it may never be the right time, but that never is scary because I'm like, oh, what if this person is no longer around, like no longer in existence? Like, like if if someone else passes, that's something that's not in my control, I never got to say this, I never got to say that, but then you feel annoying or you feel like you shouldn't be contacting this person based off of like social constructs. Like you're not supposed to contact different previous people in your life. But it's like my thing is life is really short. So if someone dies and I never said whatever or we never reconciled or that last conversation was an ideal that would haunt me forever. Like how do you get over someone that you can't even fix it with if you wanted to? I don't know which is why everything needs to be said before departure, but you don't know when departure is,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's it's
SPEAKER_L: whoa!
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: You just turned into like going
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: to do,
SPEAKER_R: my screen change color?
SPEAKER_L: No, your screen looks like not a you hold on, I'm going to take a picture
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and show you my phone. It's Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: That's weird.
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm not
SPEAKER_L: met
SPEAKER_R: I'm not showing up.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's like a just a box for a human. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: maybe the screen went on or something, you're still showing up on mine and I'm at the bottom, but I do I do actually have to leave, I have to pick up my nephew.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, this
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: was great. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you know, I honestly just just remember like don't worry so much about having to do one thing because you're definitely someone who's just really full of life and just you know consume as much as you can of it right? You only you're only here one time, you know, I hope
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: you so
SPEAKER_R: blast.
SPEAKER_L: much. And I hope that you overcome your aging issue. You are still young and you look very young. You look, I thought you were 18 off the top. And then I was
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like, Okay, if he's saying that I'm young, then I have to say he's like 21. So you look really bad,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: feel like
SPEAKER_L: your knowledge is not young.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like a withering mummy, that's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that's how
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, I wish you were a person. I could just put in my pocket. You're just so sweet. So thank you so much for this.
SPEAKER_R: Oh this was, this was awesome and I hope that you know next conversation
SPEAKER_L: next.
SPEAKER_R: have is going to be just as you know just as um just
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and just as human, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you so much. You're back. I see
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: faith.
SPEAKER_R: graham.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, Well, thank you so much. What's your
SPEAKER_R: pleasure
SPEAKER_L: name
SPEAKER_R: meeting
SPEAKER_L: again?
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Quentin.
SPEAKER_L: so sorry.
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. I'm really bad
SPEAKER_L: We're in.
SPEAKER_R: with names too
SPEAKER_L: I'm Michaela.
SPEAKER_R: Michaela, that's what I thought, but I was worried if I said it and I was wrong.
SPEAKER_L: It's okay. We'll have a wonderful day and have a great time picking up your, your nephew. Also? Wait, one question. Does your girlfriend travel with you to every place that you go?
SPEAKER_R: No. So this is the longest I've been in one place and it's because of of my girlfriend that were basically so I'll probably stay here hopefully, you know. Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: Well congrats.
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: am
SPEAKER_L: finding
SPEAKER_R: I still
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: down?
SPEAKER_L: settling time.
SPEAKER_R: I know, but don't don't don't you settle until you see the world?
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Thank you. And you've been there for two years.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well three or more than 3. 3 plus so far
SPEAKER_L: What? Look at you okay?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good. Right? All
SPEAKER_L: you are. Thank you so much for this. Have a wonderful
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: day.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: Do the same.