Uh huh. Oh yeah. Whoa what? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Oh hi.
I'm good. How are you?
We're
feeling
Quentin. I'm Michaela,
nice to meet women.
Probably. This is probably my like 5th 1
you know?
I think I think there is now. Oh I think so little time like when you go to um do the next part, you know like if you say if you want to do it again, I think it's a
hi
I don't know if they're the only ones but that's what I'm doing it through. How about you?
What type of stuff do you like? No.
Well
correct.
That's cool.
Where do you
um I like musicals. Um I'm new to like anime and body thing and like art stuff. I like that type of stuff and like costuming and everything.
But
like where do you, where are you
from?
No.
Is
there
reason like
is there a reason you, how often
is it
hard
to like pick up and then push down? Like are you able to a create bonds and that time and I'm gonna keep them?
What?
That's awesome.
I want to go to camp. Like I went to Canada before like I went to Canada and then like Jamaica, like the different islands, but I miss Canada so much. And
that's
funny.
Well okay so I'm from philadelphia and now I live in New Jersey so It's not that far away, you know like it's like it's not far. So my move was like 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Whereas candidates like I didn't go, I didn't visit a whole bunch of places. I think that's what it is like I'm I went when I was 17 and now I'm 19 so it's like now I'm able to do more you know? Um And I would like to experience it like the different things that it has to offer, like I want to also and that was really cool but there's there's a whole country like there's so much there and it just seems so much more peaceful than America and I'm just like I want that and I want to see what it's like to, I would like to live there for like a year or six months to a year and then moved to new york like move different places.
But
right now I'm focused on school but not really. So I'm trying to make it so that like I get my have my grades up. Like I'm trying I'm focused on school enough for me to have great grades, but I'm also trying to like find an online job so like, you know the different studies and then I'm gonna start looking for like customer service jobs, stuff like that. Because my true goal, like I'm in school for style language interpreting and then I want to go for art
therapy, but my I just need enough money to travel.
wow. That's crazy.
I'm just super excited about it. It's just I put it aside because I'm like, okay well um our sound like everything but the easiest for me to grab, like I I can do it in in a short amount of time. Whereas therapy and like doctors, like that's a long road. I'm like well I wanna sign myself up for like a long road, but if you're passionate about something then that's what you should do.
What
are you?
I mean, I get it, that's how I feel right now but that's just because I'm not passionate about what I'm doing like I feel like oh my gosh I feel like all my time is going somewhere that I'm not like satisfied with. But once you have like something that you're like oh I really want this I think it will be a little bit easier for me to like swallow the time you know? Yeah.
That's my ultimate god. Always been my ultimate like
you
wait
at home?
Um Well I've always wanted to go to Thailand I want to go to um the new Orleans like I want to go to Louisiana. I want to go to Iceland and I want to go scuba diving there because um it's freezing obviously but if you when you go deep enough yeah you could die but everything leads to death so it's okay. Thank you. I feel like
people
need to stop not doing stuff because the chances death like we're all dying. Yeah.
Well
like life is that like it's inevitable so why not do something that you really want to do? Like don't let that stop you. So you scuba dive right? And then you can touch I don't know if it's Iceland in europe but there's one point once you go deep enough the two continents are so close that you can reach your arms out and touch both. And it's the coolest thing ever. And I just yeah I want to do that. I want to go back to florida so I can go swimming with dolphins and stuff because I didn't get a chance to do that at Seaworld. So yeah I'm just excited.
It's
not
great.
I know but then it's like okay right now with everything being virtual for school, I wish I could travel during that time for this easy
to just pack your computer and everything. But we're in quarantine for a reason so it makes sense not to.
How old
are
you?
We do not. I'm gonna guess you were like 21.
What have you noticed about it? Like I hate I like birthdays itself, but I don't like getting older, like that's never been something that I wanted. Like do I want to go to casinos and stuff? Yes, but I'm okay with not being at that point yet. You know, like I'm okay with being here because life moves so fast. That time is my biggest fear. Like I don't think I'm scared of aging itself. Like I'm perfectly set up to be a grandma. Like I like baking course saying it's just the fact that we don't know how much time we have freaks me out. Like no other like I'm not scared of like Humanly things like I'm not am I scared of death? Kind of? But like I'm not scared of the possibility of dying, you know, it's like not knowing how much time I have left, like it's not like, oh yeah, you get to have this and then you get to have that like one thing can change your whole plan, like plans don't matter and they were in the world, it's good to have them, but they don't matter. So I'm scared of getting older, but at the same time, I'm not sure what changes are happening as I age, like what have you noticed?
What?
I don't understand that.
You're not you're not at the age where I would think that people will be upset for, they're at that age like 30 is not like, Oh my gosh, I'm 30. Like what are you missing? What do you what do you like? What can't you do anymore besides abuse your body? Mhm.
Two.
Like what are you doing with your time now to try to make it like instead of, did you ever start looking at instead of like how much time you have, like how much you do with it? Like what have you been doing with it?
I get it.
I I still
have to wait
current.
No.
Okay. It sounds more, but
when you say it like that,
that is I don't know, I think that's my way of trying to like overcome this fear. Like you don't understand how far back the fear goes. Like my fear used to be of the unknown
when
you think about it. The only true unknown thing. Like yeah, there's like, I'm not, I don't not believe in aliens. I don't
not believe in ghosts. Like how is it possible that we're the only forum? Like I that is not a fear of mine zombies. Like anything's possible. Whatever time you can, there is no amount of science that you can do to figure out how much time you have. Exactly. It's like no matter what like this diet poquito can cause death. Oh um this can cause death that it's like everything causes death.
It's
not about
the death, it's about not knowing what happened.
huh
was
well.
Yeah.
What in the world?
Of
course everything kills you. Like there's no
avoiding it. Like we don't just die like things are killing us actively currently and this is my thing. Okay. I used to save everything. Like I never spent money like before, like it's just not something that came natural to me And I spent like $750 on stuffed animals and I know I know I'm working on But I was about to spend 50 more dollars today and I didn't so ha I'm
winning.
Oh but spending money on stupid things taught me that like I was not allowing. Do I think that stuffed animals are the key. Not exactly, but I think like when you live and then like you allow yourself to like what are you saving for?
You know like I think I'm sorry I want to say for like trips and stuff, but sometimes you deserve like immediate well rewards or satisfaction or something that makes you smile in that moment because the moment that you have is all that you have like yeah, I can save forever and I can say I'm going to have this huge trip but then say I'm on my deathbed and I never got to take that trip. What
else
did I have? Like
I
don't
yeah, it's scary. It sucks like losing people like being left. Like all that type of stuff freaks me out. Don't get me wrong. But when I was, I was stopping myself from living by being afraid of dying, which you're not even using the like you have.
I do not mean it.
Well
all
of it.
You know?
Well I think it's just like you're realizing this now so it makes sense that you're not able to process it. Like this has been an issue that I've struggled with like forever. Like I've never known life without being afraid of time and death and everything like that. So it's not a new issue for me. Like it seems like, oh, you're so whatever. But I've been dealing with it for 19 years, like 19 is not a long time. But when people noticed problem a few years ago, it's different than like your entire life. Like, so I think you should take the time that you need to like address everything because I can say, oh, I lived in everything, but then one time, I don't know how I'm gonna feel like I haven't been in your shoes. Like I haven't been
like, do you feel accomplished so far?
I do. I feel like my time has been wasted. Like I, I feel like all of the things that I want to do are in a different category than things that I have done. So I feel like I failed so far, which is why I'm scared of running out of time to change that
my
but
you're
in
good
spot.
Like
what,
like give me an example.
there's
that's not necessary. Yeah. Okay. I I get what you mean. I'm not a charged person, like I'm not super life, but I have a really hard time. Like I accidentally went on a date with a trump supporter
and
he was a great person, I would not have guessed, you know? But when it comes down to like we can disagree on different types of foods, different types of restaurants, basic things, but when we think about like fundamental human rights, I can't disagree with my partner on that, you know, so it's just, I appreciate that your mind is expanded whatever it is, but you have not come far enough for me to accept that you don't even understand the racism and the president right now, you don't understand the sexism and the president. You don't understand anything. You just see money. When you say the economy, you just see money versus people
dying and I can't, you don't even understand that. That's a problem. So I can't help you. But there's levels
because I'm not
like,
it's like,
yeah, but I'm not racist. Like, yeah, I'm not, if you have to say that, I didn't accuse you of it. Okay. Like you just know you're being defensive over something. I didn't even say like, it's like I'm scared of trump supporters because they're not, they love an old man. You know, you love this man so much and I'm like, that's weird.
I
know that's the word I've ever heard anyone described trump as it's a colt. Thank
you.
Thank you.
I mean,
Gold Star.
I mean, it's just like, I've just never seen people just openly murder people like this.
I've never witnessed this. And then for them to be so many supporters, you know, like for there to be so many people that just don't see it. It's like if it was you in that situation, you would feel completely different. And like when he got the virus, he didn't even see like by telling the people that it wasn't that bad. Like everyone does not have the same medical team as the president. So I'm sure it was a lot less severe for you because they gave you whatever they needed to give you for you to feel better immediately. Most people don't have access to that. Most people don't have access to health care. So it's a very small minded viewpoint that needs to be addressed, but they can't see it and I can't help them.
Them.
See
Hey
we
It's
like I don't get how everything like it's like against science. Like I think that's what it is. Like I called against science because climate change is not not there, how warm it was in New Jersey. Like we just got our first like jacket weather. It is November 17.
It was 70's all through September
and October
Halloween. It was like 71. So climate change is very much there. You need to wear a mask. The virus is not fake. Like I don't get how science is just that doesn't exist.
Yeah, don't get it.
it's just
these other countries are just so much more successful than us but we have the most equipment to deal with it. I just it's people not listening. Like if we would we would have been over it we would have been done.
it's
It's been a disaster. Like I have not, I haven't been introvert myself, I didn't know that for a long time. I just thought I was like it's just I need to recharge for a long time before I can go back out into the world. I have not had a hard time with being in the house like that has not been my issue but I like having the option to leave if I want to without fear in my life already fear it because I'm black. I don't need to fear because this virus is gonna get me, you know like it's just you don't know who has it, it's invisible and that's kind of freaky too because some people are asymptomatic which is scary and then it's just this year has sucked. Had so many things go wrong. We also have the death. It's like the whole dynamic that you can't even comfort people the right way, you can't be around people the right way. It's not even like we're in this together type of thing because you can't be with them together. It's just so isolating and
I just wish things went differently, you know, because there's so much that I want to experience and with that fear of time, I feel like this was a perfect opportunity for me to experience things that I lost like a year of my life in that regard. So I mean there's so many movies and anime that I haven't seen. So that's good. Like I got opened up in that way, but the world is so big and I'm still
here.
Yes.
How do you feel about it?
It's
not
worth it.
Yeah. My friends
grandparents got Covid
and
it was very recent, like what's Today? Today is Tuesday. It probably happened on thursday or Wednesday,
so she's not doing okay like mentally and when she worked out for amazon, so those warehouse jobs, that's a lot of people are getting sick and then amazon is not telling them who it is, so they don't know if they were in contact with the person. So now she um it's just both of them had it and they couldn't speak, they couldn't walk, they couldn't get up and down the steps, get themselves dressed, they weren't eating like it was terrible and she was like they were just fine, they were just walking, they were just talking, they were just driving, they were doing everything that they did before like this hit them like really, really hard and I was just saying I'm so glad I don't know many people personally with the virus, but you never know and it's just sad.
Yeah. Thank you.
And it's getting so much worse. Like when we were in quarantine, like official quarantine, The cases in New Jersey were like they're still high, like it was like 286 to like 300 something a day. Then now we're in the thousands every day. Like we get like Last time I checked it was like 1500 something. So that one day Yeah.
And I'm
like
because
they're not wearing masks noticed. Like for the when biden gave his speech, people were wearing masks
Are you? I'm scared to like need a trump supporter on one of these interview things. Yes. What would happen like you have 25 minutes, you know how hard it is to find coming ground, It's like it would just be so uncomfortable to you imagine like oh yeah, can you believe all this? Like what what will we talk about?
So?
there
what was she saying?
That's not the same thing, protesters and rioters are completely different.
it's very different.
And I'm
not
in comport arriving like it makes no sense of destroying your own city. Like that does not I don't agree with that.
because
the system
has
failed them. Like the system has failed them. That to the point where they can't afford anything in those shops because everything you're trying to keep you down like think of like native americans like everything this country was started out from taking away from people that actually originated here and then they don't want to let immigrants in when they're immigrants themselves and they've taken away like black people's culture. We don't have any idea what type of tribe were from whatever. And then you have to fear um doing those like ancestry DNA things because you don't know what they're doing with your with your D. N. A. You don't know what they're doing and you're paying them to store it and when they store it they have complete access. You don't know what you're signing away and whatever terminology they use so you can't even see, oh I'm from this and part of this. And when people die, like I'm, we think that we're native american, like part native american, you know Because my grandma, but she was 94 when she passed away. So we never got to ask her all the questions we wanted to. Where do we go? There's not enough people, like it's so hard to link everything, whereas most white people can be like, oh yeah, I'm part Poland. I'm part european. We
don't
have.
How
did
you
work? What, what company did you use?
Not
your thing. They couldn't
get
it from
their
guts.
boring.
Even
like the face scans on like Snapchat where like they put the cute little face on, it's like, what are they doing with your whole face? Can? No.
So
Like how did it work? How much was it, how long did it take for
the results
here? I can
look
that up. You don't have to worry about that.
did it take a
long
time
for you to get the results?
That's really cool.
ancestry DNA. But you didn't it's probably them but they but you didn't consent for a new company.
I
think I'd be a little nervous about it just because I'm not sure how truthful it would be for a black person simply because reparations say it comes down to it at the end of like say we get to the point where there's finally reparations for like slavery and stuff, right? I feel like if you take you have to take one of those DNA tests for them to be sure that you're like whatever their their criteria is. I
feel like it could be altered just so that you wouldn't get it. You
know like whatever the percentage would be would be lessons so that you get less of whatever reward it is. I just I never thought about it deeply but like that would make sense.
People
yeah they cut corners. Why wouldn't you like why wouldn't you if you have a history of doing everything else corrupt when it comes down to people that you're not fond of? Why would you want them to have money that you feel like you put into that pot? I don't think that people like when you think about it the people that want slaves are the ones that would not want to pay towards, would their ancestors have done? So you know what kind of riding would happen if reparations like some kind of wall was passed for that? It would be terrible like it would be good and it's necessary and deserve. But I think that all hell would break loose in the south. Right?
I feel like
that's like
the
first step. You know like I feel like that's the first step because I feel like rioters just want to feel well both protesters and rioters can agree that they want to feel heard and appreciate it. Like how much you've built, how much you put in like mm
black women work so hard But see very little of the profits when you think of minimum wage. So here in New Jersey the minimum wage now is $11. It used to be 8:40 or 86 Yeah it was 8 44 than it was 8 16. Now it's 11 and the goal of 15 Pennsylvania. It's still $7 there. And when it's $7 like yes, here, property taxes are insane. The cost of living here is high, but when you take the cost of living and then you add um how many Children you have. It doesn't like it's not enough. The amount of Children that you have the amount for child care. Sorry, they're calling my siblings. Um But it's just so expensive and
it's survival mode and no one's gonna come see you. Like that's scary people.
I think that would be good if everything costs the same everywhere. Like I think you should make money based on what you have to because I don't think like, I think um if property taxes were the same in New Jersey, property taxes are insane here. But gas is insane in Philly to make up for that, you know? So if gas was the same price, if it was the same low price and property taxes for the same price, then it will be fair and everyone should have the same income, you
know,
because you can't have different prices across different states. Like Delaware has no property, no, no, um, sales tax, so we have sales tax here, it's not equal in any way. It's like people, the state would feel like, oh, well I need to make my own rules. What power do we have? So it's layers to it, it's so many layers and it's so
deep
and I don't even understand all of it. I don't understand there. The amount of information that there is to gain is so rough for me because I feel like I don't have enough time, like 24 hours is not enough every day. Like I want to learn so much, but then I'm like this that you want to learn that. So then I have a piece of everything instead of me knowing a bunch of knowledge about one thing, I just know a bunch about different topics, which doesn't help me, like it helps me have a broad range, but I'm not um it's like a, what is it? The draft of all trades is the master of nothing. It's like I want to master something but my there's so much out there, but I don't have the time to master one thing. I want them after them all, but that's impossible.
I'm
late.
Thanks.
Yeah, I have tons of list. I make lists of rot. Like I have so many lists, these pages and pages. A list of things. Like I write list so much that I'm like, I need to stop writing lists so that I'm actually tackling the things with my phone. I have like 500 different joe slash movies that I need to get to gather. But we're end of quarantine because I'm like, I there's so much knowledge hidden in them and I want to understand references and like get it, you know?
Iceland.
Here I'll look it up. It's like I but I don't know about like, oh, what's the language here? What is this, like, what um what is different things like the way that people live in certain places? I feel like I'd be so ignorant once. I'm actually like, I can talk about this broad range, but once I would be actually thrusted into the one environment that I'm talking about at that time, I would be like 1000% new.
Like
good
I spoke.
Oh, I'm gonna meet
me
happy. That's such an important thing that I never was told. Thank
you.
You know,
it's
just, I don't think a lot of people have the same like with me having such a jumping train of thought, I guess I would say, or interests like a broad span of interest. I think it's not like I've never been one of those people that was like, oh, I really like this thing and I'm going to perfect it. I never got to the perfection, the perfection stage. So I admire people that are able to do that because I'm not capable in a way of having one interest for a long time. Like it just never happened. Like I was in dance and soccer, then karate, then this in gymnastics and, and it's like I never perfected just dance or just karate, Like it was like, I would have a blue belt here. Okay, let me go back to dance. It's like, I never had the time. There was never enough time for me to just absorb one thing. But now it's just, that's the way that my life was set. So I still have that same everything thing and then I'll take something and I'll be like all or nothing at all or nothing. But then it goes away so fast because I'm not used to putting that much of myself into one thing. So
it's like
a spark of desire and then it dies down.
that's who
I am.
But I feel like it's not accepted to be that way or I don't accept it myself. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm trying to look up the Iceland thing I forgot,
but I forgot. Like, I just don't know. I feel like a lost puppy, like a lost person. I'm like, okay, I'm going to get a therapist, right? But the therapist can't change my, my sense of being like, I've never lived a different way. And it's like I for a long time, I was like, I don't know how I'm gonna be able to love someone if I love different things, not, not just one person, it's not like I need to love different people. It's you love something so much, but then it's like, it dies down. It never dies down if you're in love with the person, which I didn't understand that until I was actually in love with someone. You know, I get it now. But it's like when I love something so much, um if they choose to leave or if that thing leaves me, I'm so used to being the one that pulls away, like I can pull away from an activity, I can pull away from a person, I can pull away from this and it will have little effect on me because I know the next thing is coming. But if that thing suddenly gets pulled away, like say like a karate studio just is not there anymore or like a dance school is gone or toys arrest just leaving. It's like that's not in my control at that point, I'm devastated for a long time. Like in a relationship, if that person Leaves or if I feel like it's it's there part it hurts me 1,000% more than if I chose that because I'm used to being the chooser of pulling out of certain things, you know?
Hello.
Earthlings.
Did
you ever
figure out how to like move past that? Like how do you ever figure out how like do you just let the pain stay until it goes? Like that's never works for me?
My heart's
just so big. It's too big for like I'm not I can put up a wall with, I chose that but I can't stop myself from loving someone if you know, like you can't stop your own emotions. That's not a thing. Like for me, it's not it's unheard of to me, like
emotionally
unavailable people freaked me out because I'm like, how do you not feel what is going on?
So
Yeah.
What
did you
learn?
I have to learn that I have to understand that like everyone doesn't have, also everyone's healing isn't the same pace, like they can have different things before they came into your life and that they're still getting over. So it's like the processing time, like think of a package, you have to think of, like different analogies, like think of um the processing time of a package, you may order something from Scotland, you may order something from china is going to get to you at different times because the processing time is different, so you could get there, you could arrive to being okay faster, or they could arrive to being okay faster, but you just the wrong time, it's the wrong time and it may never be the right time, but that never is scary because I'm like, oh, what if this person is no longer around, like no longer in existence? Like, like if if someone else passes, that's something that's not in my control, I never got to say this, I never got to say that, but then you feel annoying or you feel like you shouldn't be contacting this person based off of like social constructs. Like you're not supposed to contact different previous people in your life. But it's like my thing is life is really short. So if someone dies and I never said whatever or we never reconciled or that last conversation was an ideal that would haunt me forever. Like how do you get over someone that you can't even fix it with if you wanted to? I don't know which is why everything needs to be said before departure, but you don't know when departure is,
whoa!
You just turned into like going
to do,
No, your screen looks like not a you hold on, I'm going to take a picture
and show you my phone. It's Uh huh
look
met
No, it's like a just a box for a human. Yeah.
Okay. Well, this
was great. Yeah,
Thank
you so
much. And I hope that you overcome your aging issue. You are still young and you look very young. You look, I thought you were 18 off the top. And then I was
like, Okay, if he's saying that I'm young, then I have to say he's like 21. So you look really bad,
but
your knowledge is not young.
No.
Oh my gosh, I wish you were a person. I could just put in my pocket. You're just so sweet. So thank you so much for this.
next.
That's
the
one.
Yeah. Thank you so much. You're back. I see
your
faith.
Yes, Well, thank you so much. What's your
name
again?
I'm
so sorry.
We're in.
I'm Michaela.
It's okay. We'll have a wonderful day and have a great time picking up your, your nephew. Also? Wait, one question. Does your girlfriend travel with you to every place that you go?
Well congrats.
I'm
finding
that
settling time.
Okay? Thank you. And you've been there for two years.
What? Look at you okay?
you are. Thank you so much for this. Have a wonderful
day.
They