How are you doing today?
No compliance. Just just another day. Yeah.
My
name's Quentin
nice to meet you Michaela.
How long, how long, How long, but how many of these have you done so far?
Oh, same, same.
Yeah. I think I'm able to do one more and then, and then I'll be mixed up.
yeah. Yeah. Well, are you doing it through prolific
I think. Are they the only ones that do it?
Yeah, I'm prolific. Yeah.
Well
currently
I've been kind of really focused on like job stuff, but every now and then I'll like play like a video game or something like that. But yeah, I'm not, I'm, I'm pretty easy going in that regards. Um,
yeah, I used to be really into like hiking and stuff and then, you know, I kind of moved into the city so that stuff's not immediate to me anymore. How
about yourself?
wow, that's pretty awesome, so you have a very eclectic eclectic taste, that's awesome,
so
all
right um I'm from colorado um but I move around a lot like once every two or three years, so I'm usually moving, I've
been in, yeah, I'm currently in north Carolina. Um But yeah that's that that would be home to me if
I would
have to stay.
You
know it it seems to just be life, you know, just there's like oh there's a job here or my family's moving down there, someone, you know, move down there with them and yeah, so it's just I guess it's just how how life's you know gone, how
about
yourself?
Yeah um I would, you know it's it's when it comes to, I feel like I'm kind of kind of a people person, so I tend to make connections kind of quick but I'm also a very introverted person so there's like this weird juggling balance between the two were like I'll tend to make I'll tend to make connections and then I'll ghost them and it's not because like
I I don't like that person or anything, it's just that like you know I just just guess it's just who I am. But um yeah yeah I do I think I think people I've I've had the opportunity a lot of very beautiful people thankfully
and yeah yeah that's that's definitely the one thing I've really enjoyed about moving around. It gives me the chance to see a lot of different perspectives and um I kind of wish that I I could you know travel outside of the United States but it's never really happened. Yeah I've never been outside the States.
what do
you
what do you like about, like what what do you love about Canada so much?
Mhm. So what's your what's your current plans then, are you like focusing on like school
or is it work or what's what's your current focus?
keep
yeah, that's pretty cool, you know? Um So my girlfriend, she actually works in um the credential board for our therapists, so she's she's yeah, she's a part of the board that like when you do all the tests and stuff, she's the one that um like certifies the credentials and stuff.
Yeah, it's a small world, you know, it's so funny because um I mean like even a few years back I had never heard of art therapy. And then just from like different people I met who were like taking our therapy for themselves, you know? Or like um or for your yourself who's who's getting in, who wants to get into that field, you know? It's just so interesting how it became like this theme in my life, you know? Well.
Yeah. It's a lot of work though being a being a doctor and I wouldn't want to do it personally. It's just it's too much time investment and something like that. I
mean I
guess like the money is good but it wouldn't be worth. I mean, me personally. I mean so like I've worked produce, you know, um currently I'm currently unemployed. But that was where I worked less. I'm, you know, looking for a job. but um yeah, I don't know, I think that kind of, that would be too much of an investment, you know like the school and stuff. Mhm. Right.
Well like you said right now you want to, you want to travel as your is your ultimate goal, right?
That's you know, there's that is that's awesome though, I mean there's a huge world to see, you know and so many different people and and things. I'd always wanted to go to Northern europe just because of like how the cold, you know, because
I've heard
about places,
it's just you know, there's something there's uh there's there's a connection to, to it I guess because where I'm from in colorado, it gets really cold um and it's like you have to like bury pipes to houses like six ft underground or freezes and yeah, it's it's but there's you know there's this there's this feeling that when it gets that cold and it's night time and you can see the stars and it's just really quiet and so there's there's there's a connection I guess I have a connection to that that I would I would like to experience and that regards you know? But besides that I don't even know like like travel wise I mean how about yourself like so Canada you said you'd like to be there for a year, six months or a year but where else?
it's
true.
You know it gets
out of life alive
It sounds like
you've
got your priorities in place though
because that sounds like a life well lived if you do all that you know
I know
if you get a job in a like a field where you can work online though you can just work and travel. You know you always have the money you need to do the traveling because I I've read that some people do that. They have like an online I. T. Community of like people who work I. T. For companies and it's just a group and they just travel around the world Together. It's the coolest thing I had never thought of it. But yeah that's there's there's so many there's so many routes for you to take to achieve that. Which and also your your 19 right? So it's like you got your whole life ahead of you to do this. That's pretty that's pretty cool though you know I think when I was 19 I was so I was clueless what I wanted to do.
You know what
I
mean? Well I'm hitting my 30s. Yeah, I'm very salty about it. Yeah,
that is a compliment. Thank you because I I hate I hate aging. I hate aging so much. Yeah. Well I'm very I'm very um very particular to like, I'll notice it, like my hairline start receiving. So I went to get I went to the barber and I was all sour and the person like, like you have nice hair and yeah, I used to be nicer now, it's old hair, you know, like, because I'm just I was in a bad mood and you know, so you know, like just I'm a very sour ager I guess I'm very sold to about it.
Mhm. I mean the only, I mean things, you know, I mean things do happen like you're going to have life experiences, but I guess the only thing that I've really noticed is that I get like these, these back pains that I hate because it means that I've literally come to an age right now. I need to take care of my body to not break it
when I could just completely, when I was younger I could just abuse it as I wanted to. You know, I'm like, I'll do this, I'll do this and I won't even think about how my body feels and now I now I have to, you know, which kind of sucks. That's that's
awful reminder because it's, you know, it's like a representation of limitation, you know? And I mean, no one likes limitations but it comes with age I guess.
you know, that's the thing, it's not that I can't, there's things I feel like I can't do. It's just that the all sudden the time limit has become more clear to me. Like, yeah, this aging thing is real and this isn't gonna last forever. So you know, do I want to like mobilize
myself and you know, achieve something? What does that mean? I guess the question has become more important? Yeah.
Yeah. You know, it's, it's so funny. I look back at it and I was actually having a conversation about this with my brother. It's just I've always viewed my life as a series of obligations like, oh, I have to do this and I don't need to do this, you know? And even like uh like goals or something that I would set for myself, there was more of an obligation to achieve them than an actual, um than an actual desire to, I guess I'm just one of those people who is very out of touch with what they want. They're so kind of, you know, I guess could may be consumed by the goalpost or something, you know?
That's why what
you're
saying.
Yeah, but what you were saying earlier was very refreshing about how you kind of realize the, you know, like we're
all gonna die and you know, and
but
but it's true though.
Thank
you.
Anything
More
causes
quite
I've heard a
long time ago that arthritis was caused
by poisoning
by oxygen. Yeah,
that's like the oxygen gets between your joints. So like when you move your joints, why it's it's there's pain is because of the oxygen that's accumulated.
So I'm thinking like if that's true, which I don't know, that's why I have to say like if it's true, um it's like then the very air you breathe eventually poisons you,
you
Good.
there
you go. Yeah.
Thanks.
that's
true.
that's
true.
That's true.
Yeah. That song. That's some heavy stuff dude. That's some heavy stuff. You you definitely dropped a bomb on me. I have to I have to process that but I think I agree with you. I have to agree. Yeah.
No no that's okay. That's that's good. That's that's better than it would have been worse if it was like we struggled to have a conversation but this is you know it flows very well. But um No I don't know. I don't even know. I haven't really thought about. I actually uh we lost a
family friend recently and I really had a
process
that and kind of like think about what it meant to die and stuff and I don't really think about it but I probably like unconsciously operate on the on like a fear of death, you know, because I do set
lot of self limitations and stuff um which probably comes from something like that, but I don't even know if I'm ready to address that problem. I think that you're, you're on an entirely different pages than me, but hey, the fact that that that that you, you can face it though, I think is incredible.
but
so here's the thing, I don't feel like I've really accomplished any of the major goals I set out for myself, but I don't feel like a failure because I have tackled some some some serious stuff, but never things that I intended to tackle is kind of like what you said, you really don't foresee what life throws at you. So yeah, I don't feel like I've, I've accomplished what I wanted to accomplish by any means, but I don't I don't feel like I don't feel like my my time here has been has been wasted, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh no,
that makes sense, That makes sense.
Like
what
if I
don't
get achievements, things? Yeah, I have a different issue. I sometimes I have to I struggle to find like, like meaning and a lot of the things I do, which is which is kind of a different, a
different
place to be.
Well, you know, I I guess with I've I've become disillusioned with a lot of aspects of life, so it doesn't excite me, like it used to um so it's it's like a lot of the things that I would take with inherent meaning um like where I would seek meaning in it, it's kind of just lost it over time, just I saw a different perspective and that's one of the things like I've I've met a lot of people and I've been exposed to different perspectives and so I'm like, okay I can I can see where this would be tricky that there's not like an eat, especially like um like for instance, like in politics, I don't usually get very charged in politics. I'm very um I'm around people who are very charged, you know, um definitely um they're like rocky, you you have to vote vote biden and I was like, I'm gonna I'm gonna vote biden, no worries and like no, but you have to and I'm like okay, you know, like I
can't
Oof
crushed.
What?
no, that's true, It
sounds
like a privileged perspective. He has, he hasn't had to experience that stuff, so his focus is entirely entirely different, you know? Um
So
I know somebody who calls trump daddy trump and I'm like that is just the most cold thing I've ever heard. You shouldn't call
anybody.
It's
freaking
call it
just
yeah it's it's it's pretty extreme but um I don't know it's but see I used to get like very like charged about that stuff and again just with a lot of you know, meeting a lot of different people. I I kind of saw why people believe they do often times and it is it's like you said it's just a lack of understanding they haven't been exposed to to that concept directly because they would feel very different about it if they've been exposed to you know racism or racism affected them, they feel very differently about it. Um
I know.
You know it's it's really interesting, I feel like the really extreme base of trump's those people, I think they they have this weird view of the world of like evil cabals of people controlling and it's like anything to like addressing racism isn't actually about racism, it's about you know
control and manipulation or something like that. And it's I feel like they're they're very much driven by fear. It's a fear of understanding again, it's it's a it's a fear of ignorance because they've never you know, made the effort to you know, see this
supposed other side to realize that it's just people on the other side just like you um that they created
this weird
shadow story, you know, as it's going
pretty bad.
Whoa, whoa. In New Jersey. Oh wow. Yeah
we're
joking
That's ignored. Yeah
it's gonna be it's gonna be very bad. There's just you know it's just I don't understand I don't see this kind of ignorance to these kind of things going very well you know there's there's a lot of, I don't know it's gonna get ugly. I I really do think it's gonna get really ugly.
Which
yeah we would have beating this really quick instead we decided
to say that Covid doesn't exist. So that's what the president said. That was very disastrous. Yeah. Yeah. So so how do you feel overall about this year then this this year has been an absolute uh shit show I would say.
and
and
it is the big world. Yeah. Yes.
This year's been, this year has been very difficult. Um
Pretty much the same. It's um again like I'm introverted, right? So that that's like you said that person at the bad part, but for instance, one family um situations occurred, it's made it so much harder to actually figure out. I mean for instance, um a lot of my family is traveling to my mom's place and for thanksgiving and I mean our grandma, she's in her eighties, right? So it's like, well we can't. You guys should, I told my mom was like you should cancel thanksgiving because if you get sick you're the only one who sees our grandma right now, she's gonna know it's gonna be bad. So I suggested just canceling the whole freaking things. It's not worth it because we're younger. So I guess maybe if we get sick we have a much better shot. But she's it's just not
it's not
worth her
with her health. Yeah,
But
how
they do
kenya?
Yeah that's the uh you know I I hope for the best for them. You know? That's just very rough. Yeah, it's just I mean the same. I mean we we've had some covid scares and luckily nothing came of it and I hope that you know that situation only the best comes from it. You know? But
it's such a it's so it's such high risk stuff. I don't know.
Yeah.
They
have these they have the stupid um mega of freaking thing on PC with four million people. That has to be a gigantic super spreader. You know what I mean?
It's
I know right. Yeah. That was the one the one thing is that you know with the protest has been going on this year. People wore masks to those things and then these these these people just go around without masks so they don't believe the disease freaking exists and they get everybody else sick, it's just it's very frustrating to see. Yeah.
so I
I I know some trump supporters not much um my my girlfriend's uh cousin, she's a trump supporter um and
they got in a huge family fight and I was there for that and I was I actually I kind of thought it was funny because I'm like I'm glad because it was it was a kind of my family doesn't really get in fights over politics, you know? But there's winter, they were like ready to like throw fists and stuff and I was like,
Yeah, she's you know, she's just just about what you would expect, just conspiracy stuff and you know, you know all these protesters right now are burning our businesses and stuff and it's and
that's yeah that's the thing is like if you're protesting you're protesting if you're writing you're writing right, that's it.
You can't
jump one
together.
So I do think it's really sad for people that do feel like they have to write because that shows that they don't feel that they own that stuff. They don't they don't look at those businesses, they don't look at like um um they don't look at him like this belongs to me. They feel like an outsider, you know?
And that's
that's important
too.
So
it's
funny that you say that we my mom actually was told us that we were all from Scotland or something. I did take one of those tests were talking about and I have the same fear by the way. I like these guys don't even know where the stuff is going to go. We do. I was everything she said we were, we weren't, she was, it was amazing. She was so upset when I told her, but it was pretty, it was pretty great. But I, I know
what
you
think
I did 23 and me um if you know, so I have mixed feelings about it. I, I agree with you. You don't know what they're gonna do with it. Another thing that I think is because of the environment we live in, it's really hard to keep that kind of information hidden anyway. You know, if people want it, they're going to get it, you know,
I mean
don't
know.
But
they,
yeah, like, but I mean like for instance if you like leave gum out or something, I know that sounds, I, I just don't know. I, I know it's important. I just don't know how to entirely protected, you know because everything so information is so commodified and it's easy to get like, Like you could, you could pull up my um my birth certificate and my social security number for like 20 bucks if you really
wanted it. It's
insane.
But if you're
ever curious, I mean I because I I can't imagine what that must feel like for you, you know, not knowing what your background is if you're ever curious. I mean the there's there's definitely, it can fix some of that for you just knowing what your background is. You know,
shoot
uh how much was it? Um. Mhm. I can't
even
remember.
Yeah. We also. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It
was my
fault.
It takes like a month. They have to process it and they put a lot of work into it. They literally look at like the migration of people to figure out where your jeans came from. And even like really rare genes, they're always asking me questions to be a part of things because I have a very similar mindset to like I'm 50 50 like I know how commodified it all is already, but it's part of me that's kind of like, you know, this is, this is me, I don't want to just put this out there. So I haven't really part, but there's, there is a pretty big and if, if there, if you have family, you have never met that's taken it. They will tell you about that. And those other people who have taken the test, they'll link you with them so you can meet them. It's
yeah, it's it's it's worth it. But like you said, like because they were bought out by a different company, so now a different company than what I agreed with now owns that right now. They
Exactly. But I guess they still have to what I signed as a waiver for what they're allowed to use it for. They have to uh obliged by that. But there's other things like is there a way that this agreement becomes, you know, outdated because they probably have a gigantic legal team who can, you know, tackle one of those if they really want to, You know what I mean? It's like so but that that might just be like the paranoid lack of, you know, paranoid ignorance of my and not really understanding what the world looks like. Um But yeah, I don't have a very positive mindset about the whole thing. Uh
either
what?
But
Yeah, that's and that's the thing. It's it's just and so this is what I struggle with because you
know that what you said, I I've never thought about it, but it's true because the only people who will not like people in politics like this is too expensive and they'll find all the ways they can to not have to pay that right?
There'd be a lot of people who are upset, but I feel like, yeah, first off it does have to happen because there's a lot of there's a lot of things, it's just it's not it's not been addressed and there's a lot of things that continue today because of you know, spite and also just people just not want wanting to see it, you know what I mean? Um So it needs to be addressed, but I I agree that there would be a lot of get nasty, especially how divided everyone is right now, it'd be nasty, but it still needs to happen, you know? But that
will never
go
away.
But
and the argument, well, you know, obviously you need to be married to someone and have a family to do. It's like that's not a good argument. You shouldn't have to get yourself into something like that to to survive. You know what I mean?
need we do need a basic, I do agree. We need a I don't I don't know if you I assume you agree with this. So let me say it before, I assume for you, but I I think that a basic income nationwide should be just something that's put out there where everyone has enough to to meet ends meet, you know um Because universal income I think is what it's called, right? Universal basic income.
that's
true.
that's
true.
it's a very complicated world but
have you tried like making
a list of like things
you know you need to learn so at least you're you're covering those things you know?
your your world hungry, you see this gigantic world and you wanna you wanna explore it and there's so many different ways to explore it and there's also a piece like well if I go here that I'm missing out here and you know maybe you know maybe with your goals until like you you know there's something that you want to master in that it's it's okay to just take it from here and here and here because you're still learning even if it's not something even though you're not mastering it you're still you understand it enough to talk about it like I didn't know that what you're talking about the thing and um I can't even remember the country you said. But um with
the two yeah with the two continent place. I thought that was that was so interesting. Like I didn't know that. That's that's awesome.
But
but to be fair that's
that's okay because I feel like
just talking with you, I think people would be like, oh this person is really interested and they want to teach you like you want to. I feel like I feel like because it's like the United States, like how we all grew up, we were around kids who are like really shitty when they knew something, oh you don't know this well, you suck and you don't know anymore because that's the rules. But I feel like the actual world is people want to share their experiences. So you you you you just approaching
you
like
I mean
people people with just the fact that you that you're there and you're interested people would just they do want to share you know they want to be around people who care about their their part of life and and they'll
built into you know
and you
and
some
yeah. You know don't don't be don't be too hard on yourself about that though. I you you remind me of someone I know and uh he his understanding of the world, he has a very beautiful understanding the world but he he told me he has the same problem, he'll get really interested in something and he'll be that he'll decide I'm going to dedicate myself to this and he will do it for like a day or a week or a month and then something pulled away. That's just who he is though. But what happens
when you do
that?
That's
Yeah, I do. I know what you mean. I feel there's a sense of rejection when when you, when you pull out of something, you get to choose when it's over, you don't have to feel rejected. Um But if if it happens to you, there is that sense that, well, what's wrong with me, that this had to happen or I wasn't ready to do this? I there's still more that needed to be addressed. Um I understand, I know exactly what you're talking about. I feel like I feel like a lot of people um would know would know where you're coming from, that might be a connection you have with, you know, your fellow humans, you know that sense of shared
humanity
because everyone is different. Uh I feel like everyone's like position in life is so different that a lot of us oftentimes can feel like we're alone and the things that we experience and I do I do think that there are things that are very unique to our own experience, but there are also the things that connect us, you know, and that's what you just said. It's definitely something that I think connects a lot of people is that
sense
of.
Um I feel like everyone, again, everyone is different. Um I never really got a choice when when those things happen to me, I didn't get to choose when it left. It was just, it would be a very, incredibly painful time and then eventually it wasn't so much just stopped been so painful. Um, there there is life afterwards, but some people can just straight up just put up a wall, you know, and you're just cut out of their life and there's no coming back, you know, it just depends on the kind of person or
but
it's
I think I have
I know I know what you mean. I I am I try but I I get very invested in the people around me. Um So it's
hard for me to keep up walls. Um But
yeah I've been around a lot of emotionally unavailable people and they make for good teachers, you know what I mean? They
no they'll still
teach
you how to, you know, you know you you have to kind of you know you kind of have to at the end of the day but not by any designs that are malicious or otherwise, but the only person who can really have your back as you and because people people will, people will have your back but they can't always have your back, it's just impossible and that you can't put yourself in a situation being like, well this person, this person will have my back when it's time because it's sometimes it's not time, you know, sometimes it doesn't work out that way, but but this is a personal lesson I had to learn just from my own position. That might be a lesson. That's very to you. That just makes sense right to me, I had to hold down.
Yeah. It's it's
not
did
my screen change color?
What?
That's weird.
Oh, I'm not
I'm not showing up.
maybe the screen went on or something, you're still showing up on mine and I'm at the bottom, but I do I do actually have to leave, I have to pick up my nephew.
But
you know, I honestly just just remember like don't worry so much about having to do one thing because you're definitely someone who's just really full of life and just you know consume as much as you can of it right? You only you're only here one time, you know, I hope
you have
blast.
that's
I
feel like
I feel like a withering mummy, that's
that's how
Oh this was, this was awesome and I hope that you know next conversation
have is going to be just as you know just as um just
just
as
Yeah and just as human, you know what I mean?
I'm
very
graham.
pleasure
meeting
you
Quentin.
It's okay. I'm really bad
with names too
Michaela, that's what I thought, but I was worried if I said it and I was wrong.
No. So this is the longest I've been in one place and it's because of of my girlfriend that were basically so I'll probably stay here hopefully, you know. Yeah, I know.
Why
am
I still
down?
I know, but don't don't don't you settle until you see the world?
Yeah. Well three or more than 3. 3 plus so far
I'm doing good. Right? All
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Do the same.