I
I'm great. Do we need to click the next button? And the previous? Pretty sure. Did you
also, should I should click the next button?
No.
Oh yeah, I see. I actually know the technical quality.
Oh and that's the time that our I'll
carry
the.
Hey.
Yeah. Have you done this before?
80. How was your previous chats or? Yeah.
And
it was
just
Yeah.
Yeah, Just a normal one. I mean I'm not going out recently because of the fantastic. Have
you been going out?
So
where are you located? Yeah,
I'm just good.
in
the northwest?
No, no. Uh in Washington, I'm in Seattle.
the weather's pretty nice now. I mean summer, it's not meaning
mission.
Have
you
been here?
I mean have you visited up here?
I heard that you know, they are keeping the passengers minimum, right? So that you know
I'm like social still social distancing.
Uh Well it's gonna like I think it's flattened back in May or june and then after some time it went up again when you started opening up. But I think it's still minimal compared to you guys there for.
All
okay. Are you still studying there? Oh
I'm actually working so I've been working from home the past few months already.
Well
I'm still grateful though that I still have work and yeah. Oh.
no I just moved here two years back. Um My family's most of my family are here so and then I grew up in the Philippines. Mhm.
So well of course you know most of the touristy places here I guess like the space near the. Uh huh.
the market and then the first Starbucks I guess.
Which which which area is that was that?
Have
been have been to L. A. Once but just yeah that's that's the only please I've been to in south California.
How far how far is that from Millie?
Not too
good.
Oh yeah, I would agree about the traffic.
Really That bad.
It's quite near. Huh? I mean the beach their school.
So if
you really like chilling out you can go there after their your school.
I
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. So you grew up in?
All
So
is it worth visiting the first Donald just
can see anything there? Right.
It's just like the next
one.
It
mm. Okay.
No asian food.
I see. So how were there a lot of protests back in, you know Black Lives
Matter?
Um well it's far north, it's in the capitol hill. I'm not sure if you if you're heard the news today, the literally blocked off the area and yeah, it's been going on for a while, but I think they've cleared it up already and there, I don't know there were some talks about defining police. Um Yeah, so I don't know, I mean well there were a lot and I think some of the residents there are also affected in a way two.
That's what yeah. Well yeah, when when I when I got here and there's this um idea where you know America is the like a dream country and all and then
no, no it's not, not that one. I mean there's a lot of opportunities here. I would agree, but I think there are also a lot of you know issues
And
yeah, yeah, so I've learned some of the different issues like health and then like like the black lives and all I mean and I think we're also affected as asians I mean in a way and so.
And I've heard I think there was one like a visit, a racist comment in a hotel. I've heard the news back down in California I think where there's an asian family that was you know.
Yeah, it's interesting. God.
So what
are you studying?
No more?
Sorry what was that?
I
Uh what? Well it's cheaper I mean yeah, when when I got here it's kind of hard to you know, not not adjust but try to understand the whole healthcare concept here and how our insurances covers, you know and
there are
lot.
So um I was actually um already working back in the Philippines and usually the employer um coverage the health care of the employees and um for example I I don't Mhm.
As an employee we don't we don't pay anything any premium. So so when I got here scandal like um not really shocking but trying to understand like um it's not really like covered. Uh and then you have to be like a portion of it because the company just subsidized only the the premiums and then you also have like a share in it and then um uh and then when you go have yourself have yourself checked. There's also like additional like deductibles CO. P. And and such. So uh yeah actually it's really confusing for me and trying to get this whole thing.
So when you see molecular biology it's like deep into down to the atoms. Right. Is it?
No sir.
So was it relevant? Do you I mean the current the current climate of pandemic I mean is it something
do kind of related to it?
I
yeah or like are you
either
interested or I don't know how how is it related or how is it too far from your field I guess.
so how different from sorry Microbiology versus molecular molecular Biology you said? Right. I mean that's what you're
Okay I see draft.
Place me.
So is it something that even
you?
No no. You mean like how did you get into the like molecular biology said something that interests you when you were younger? I mean.
Is it like a pre med?
And then you're gonna get you're you're planning to go further studies and be a doctor? Oh wow, that's cool.
Did not?
But
yeah but but it would help you because it's somehow forms your foundation and you know have a background of the site. Uh huh.
Welcome.
Listen
are the
basic
ones.
like
and
and a deeper understanding of some of the subjects. Right. Yeah.
Yeah and so everything I mean you're really planning to be a doctor and like they have like have you already decided or percy what kind of stuff do you want to be? Like what uh you want to practise what kind of doctor? Yeah.
And
nutrition. You said
like
Yeah.
brower.
But
the play.
Hello
friend.
Just
like the
position.
But you haven't, I mean you haven't changed your decision right to be a doctor now that you know, I think the health care system is kind of overwhelmed. Right.
Mortgage.
Absolutely.
Or
Uh Yeah, I think I've heard of that. Uh uh
Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. I was actually wondering, I mean how is it different from a doctor? Because
I think they also prescribe medicine. Right,
Are
they looked?
But I think yeah that's I think one of the things that I was kind of confused when I got here and when I was actually like um wanting to have myself checked for and I think that's one of the options, right? Like other than the medical doctor
we
need a doctor.
So I mean what kind of course do you need to for that? I mean they
it
would have a medical degree, right? If you're a P A.
Others
a P a school. Okay. Alright. Yeah kind of it's kind of interesting because it's we don't have that back in the Philippines usually we only have like doctors.
Right. So yeah it was yeah, I'm kind of confused like are they really like license to practice? Like I mean medicine, you know what I mean?
I see. Okay.
So that's like your backup plan? Right, yep.
Mhm. And they mean would that be like less requirements?
Like
there's a
problem?
Well I've only seen that on so like like some of the series tv series like Grace and Yeah,
I've seen some yeah.
They feeding you