it was paradise. I just closed. Yeah, that's right. Sure. Two. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh people. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Well, I know you.
can it should show up like no issues. The quality was good. It should show up like how is the technical quality of your video chat?
Does it say? How is the technical quality of your video chat?
Because Oh then yeah, click the next one. Is it like a timer? Yeah.
Yeah. And then you just leave it there and then after we're done, you like um
you
answer
questions and stuff. Mhm.
Hello, is this your 1st 1?
Yeah, this is actually my 4th one. This like such yeah, easy way to make money. So I was like okay you can do far. Okay let's do four. Yeah.
Um Honestly like not too bad. The first one I would say it was um it wasn't like slow, it was
just
more
like um it was more like surface level. Um It was like surface level and just like asking a lot of questions. Um
The 2nd and 3rd month were more interesting I would say. Um They just like it was like focus on one topic and then like just dealt into that one topic. It's just really interesting. Yeah. So not too bad. How do you recon why?
I am not good.
I haven't been going out either. Everything in the house
from
like
southern California, yep.
Like
how are you in the north? Health?
Oh cool cool cool cool. Yeah not too bad. I'm like near L. A.
I mean
it's like it's like 100° over here. I live in like the valley, so it's really hot like kind of desert. E. Yeah it's like dying. I
don't
know
right next to you. What do you say?
No. Actually my family is planning to though because we have a cousin in Portland and a cousin in Seattle so we were just kind of like drive up or like do something. Probably not blind for flying like more dangerous right now.
What?
Yeah. I don't trust it though. Okay how is it over there? How are the covid rates and everything?
I think it's especially like it turns out like I'll be heading back to L. A. In september so L. A. Is
like birth of everything. So really bad. Yeah.
Yeah I have like one more year of school left. Are you?
Well
it's
definitely. Uh So what do you recommend to see in Seattle? Not not not at all like are you not from Seattle like born and raised there.
Oh
Double wall. The market.
Yeah. My city actually has the 1st McDonald's.
I'm here. Dino. It's the first Mcdonald's ever. Yes
it's a
mm. Yeah, L. A. Is definitely a lot more interesting than my hometown. Well look it I have to drive to other cities to go see stuff.
Um 1.5 hours as
well.
Uh Two hours. Two hours usually because of all the trouble. So
so out of here but it really five miles takes like five miles will take like 45 minutes.
Okay. Okay. Maybe like 30 minutes. It was like 30 to 45 minutes, especially if people around five o'clock. It's really it's like pretty bad. I think technically my school is supposed to be like really close to the beach but with like all the traffic, it takes like a, It takes like 45 minutes to get to the beach so it's useless. Yeah.
Yeah like five miles. 45
minutes.
Yeah, but usually not often because it takes its takes so long to get
there. So I mean like it's like a nice weekend thing. Like you could win there and like run back and that's like very it's like cool and everything right?
Not too bad,
mm I grew
up in Bernardino, so like too much. 24 hours. I just go to school in L. A.
Thanks.
No,
absolutely
we're
I I feel like well like the cities near
me are worth visiting. Like I'm near the mountains so like I'm at the base of the mountain so it's like worth visiting mountains. So like you can go there snowboard. Um You can go to I kind of think where else? Yeah, that's about it. Um From here we could drive to Disneyland who takes an hour. Yeah, Anaheim.
Um What else? Yeah. Nothing else? There's nothing else. Not using food. Nothing.
Not in my city. Well It's like 20 minutes away. 30 minutes. Not in my city. It's like there is the majority is like um Latinos and african americans and black people said.
Never.
Yeah we actually had one pretty big protest and it went on the news up recently there it's died down but there's still like a lot of protests Seattle just had like how is that? Is it affecting like your area?
It's hard.
and then you get here and it's not
No, there's so many problems I think. Yeah, I think that's that's like one of the things that like me and my friends discuss like America is so about like uh we're the greatest country, like
nothing, we're untouchable. Like we don't have to learn from other countries. But like it's that mentality looks like holding us down. It's really interesting. It's like I don't know and the way that our government is going it's it's nerve wracking to say the least.
Yeah. Um I like um with Covid especially I think like asians were affected a lot with like at the beginning of it like just fingers pointing. Uh Even I like especially if I just like coffin public like especially in L. A. Like so many heads and I got like the dirtiest looks and I'm like yeah it was it was really bad. Um
Yeah, I definitely don't doubt it. I think there were a lot of derogatory comments. Uh I think like our president even makes derogatory comments and like doesn't see the implications that it has. So yeah. It's funny. It's like it's interesting.
Not interesting, interesting. We don't want to keep us saying. Okay, yeah,
people
I am studying
molecular biology and like well um health insurance. Yeah. I think like
it's
like global health. It's like um access to health. Like worldwide. Yeah, it's like a nice minutes. Yeah. I think like because I was studying it before, I didn't really realize like yeah, how messed up our country was or like, like we like, like as I looked into other systems that like other countries had like the idea of health care for all just like it seems more terrible. I don't know how it is in the Philippines house health care over there.
No,
you're not
even americans. Like not not like people who are like born and raised here. Like it's still over my head. It's like, I'm not sure. Why are you still charging me a deductible copay? Everything?
Yeah.
And it's really comfortable. I mean it's like you still have like a good idea of everything. So like then yeah that's pretty good. Feel like that's like a lot more than a lot of people. So yeah.
like
sells its like the development of like humans or any living system. So from cells to tissue to organs.
I'm with you.
I am I looking
like vaccines and stuff like that
I would
say.
Yeah. So how it would Okay so I guess we could look at like how a vaccine would work like how our body can produce antibodies. So that would look at like how our body reacts. Mm So then we have to look at like different systems like different living organisms and how we take up different drugs and everything. Uh So I guess we look at that. But that's also like microbiology too. I mean like I took some. Yeah. Yeah. So
my biology is more like the actual virus is um
I mean the thing is like it all relates to each other, it's just different focuses and then you like wants it along to the next. Yeah so um us in particular I think we would really look at how it goes through your body because our like molecular body, molecular molecular biology and biochemistry is very similar. So it's just seeing how the drug goes through your body,
how your body takes it up.
Like in my
am I researching it right now?
Um Well I want to go into medicine. No. Um
Yeah I'm pretty much Well
Um So when you get to college honestly like I didn't know too much like being for seven everything. So I was like okay I originally got put or like I chose biochemistry because I was like okay, I'm really interested in biochemistry.
And then um the more you take classes, the more you just like weed out different majors. And then I just looked at all the science blends because I actually don't have to be a science major to go into like medicine, you just have to take
her in classes.
Yes and
no, because everyone's like still
required to take like the
no
classes
and I think those are the main classes and then everything else you can learn in school. I think you'll just have a Yeah, it's but it would help because you would already have like an understanding of the
body. I think
that what
Um The only thing like, so like I just also weighed out like different classes because like GPA wise and stuff. Um Yeah, so that was definitely like into consideration, so I decided to switch over from biochemistry. Molecular biology because molecular biology was also like a focus on stem cells and biochemistry like the process. So and I'm more interested in stem cell biology and like the research I do, it's like more of molecular biology and I could get credit with like my lab research. Yeah.
want to I'm like in between like a couple. Oh yeah, I think it's hard to like choose one right now. Um
Or like like I did have an inkling it kept searching around like throughout these words, it definitely kept searching around. Um I think my top three are like a pediatrician or like a family doctor.
it's like that I would like I want to work with kids, so I think
like mhm.
Yeah, like the doctor for kids. So I think that like those who are like my top, I think I was just like weighing out like time because I think I also realized like work life balance is important, you know, like uh like a lot of the other doctors are very like time demanding in terms of on call and everything. Like I think I used to want to be a surgeon when I was like, when I first entered college, I wanted to be like, want to be a robotic surgeon. So like, they like work
with. But then
like
that was, It was too much time, like schooling one. And I think like while I do like, while I did like it, I didn't think I liked it enough to put myself through that many years of college and like right now,
like I think,
I think it's it's like that's such a plausible thing that I had to consider. Um And then so I looked at other things and I was like okay why did I want to go into medicine? Like what what made me? And I think it was like when I when I worked in the hospitals like
the
kids
and like being able to be there for the kids overall um just like having a relationship with with your patients. So like a pediatrician and like a family doctor, those like pediatrician works with kids, family doctors, you get to maintain a stable relationship throughout the years because you're working with. So I think like yeah,
I mean like I think yes and no, I think uh definitely. I mean like I still want, I think seeing like the need for it
just want to be
like a doctor more actually. um The only thing that's like it's like the only thing it's like having a backup just in case medical doesn't work out in terms of like admissions or something. Uh
Yeah so I think I've become like a position system so just take a position, it's like similar to a doctor as well so
A.
It
they don't prescribe medicine
I think
you have to wait on the doctors to prescribe the medicine.
It's like like they could propose medicines but like the ultimate person who has to sign off on it. Like they have
to
with dr yeah the doctor went on top of the P. A.
It's
not
not a medical degree so you want to go before you've got a P. A. School.
So
yeah people that like I went to Taiwan and I like they didn't have it over there in Taiwan either, so I think it's
yeah, I think it's because doctors are getting so busy, they needed like a middle man that's able to do most of the work as well. Um like increasingly doctors have been seeing less and less patients and they've just been like at the top like like diagnosing like okay like let me check, let me check with you like and like get like 10 minutes of your time, okay then we're done like so like there's just like last time for doctors to like do stuff and
yeah, I think it's a little like a new fear of a newish filled. Yeah.
Back up. I think it's it's like how much burnout in my feeling at the end of these years.
Yeah, less flowing, definitely. Yeah, it's like four years um a doctor's it's like four years,
I don't
want
to go into residency so like you to in turn like a little bit more. It's hard it's it's hard to motivated for that long.
In anatomy.
I think that's time. Okay.
You all right please?