testing, testing. Am I coming through? Howdy?
Hey, how's it going
doing just fine. I think we're a little bit earlier, I was scheduled to go on in about four minutes but I'm ready to get started if you are
um from what I can tell, we're just going to have a conversation, So is this your first time doing this? Awesome?
Actually this is now my second, so I've done this once before, but the last time there was some some technical difficulties, just some of the audio visual stuff, so this will probably
be the
first actual
sit down conversation. Your camera is a little blurry, it's a little out of focus, I don't know if you could like rub it a little or just check on it.
absolutely no, you're coming through a little bit better. There was a little smudge general or something. Uh
No worries. Um any who, do you just want to go ahead? Start, tell me who you are. Anything about. You. Just a little brief snapshot in your life.
awesome. No, people. Cool. Thanks man, that's great to hear. Um It's funny out of curiosity. I'm in Houston texas right now um way south. So uh, I would like to say is uh, what is the temperature outside? What counsel is really hot?
Okay, That's for Massachusetts. I imagine that that is on fire.
Because today is pretty home for us. It's only 96. Um, so
we're
very much like, yeah, absolutely not bad at all. It's perfect weather. It's just bust out the shorts and let's go hang out by the pool. This is barbecue weather, Perfect time. So for a place where it snows, I imagine that very much this
is just
not the average. Um
in texas, it has snowed once my entire life. Um and
what I mean, No, I mean we got rain, that was kind of slush. Uh
shut down
the schools. Yes. No, it was the end of the world. It was no, nobody is doing anything. We are staying home when you're all under lockdown, do not get on the road, Do not go anywhere. It is, there is a single drop of ice on the road, stop it, everything is gone. So.
But I've heard stories,
yeah, I've heard stories from up north where you know, you'll get you know, 23 ft of snow and if you like, Yeah, you're going to school kids get out of here. Uh close my mind from his like more than a foot of snow. That that's not possible
power.
That sounds
about
right, that south Carolina strikes me as north funny enough and like all the way up in south Carolina, um, exactly the same way down in texas. But no, I right in here. That was continued by my life as I said, my name is wes, uh, I am 25 will be 26 in three weeks. Um, I graduated college about a year or two ago. Um, I moved to
Houston to start my first big kid job. And so that's been fun and exciting. Um, I, uh, what
is it officially my title? I am a crm admin at an industrial water treatment facility, but that's a load of baloney.
real answer for what I do, um, that I'm a computer guy for a company that does pool
chemistry for apartment complexes, aquatic center's big water parks. Anyplace you might have a pool, like a hotel if you've got a pool, but at the same time, you don't really know to take care of it. You really don't want to take care of it. Um, and your business, you call us and other people who like, hey
Wolf technician out, we'll
go take care of stuff. It's
really cool. We have sensors that originally were designed to be used in, you know, just big german industrial
tanks, these big, massive chemical things. But if you get them a little bit smaller, you can repurpose them for monitoring pools. And they said the little wireless
signal
goes back to our computer system and if something goes wrong, I'm the guy who's on the command seat. And so if I see something that's up and say, hey, that's a problem, we should go send somebody out there and fix it. And so
it's
a pretty great job. I like it a lot. To be honest. Nothing ever breaks. I really don't work. Um,
yeah, technically, absolutely. There's a little school down here in texas called texas A. And M. Which is a, I think maybe one of the, I know it's within the top five largest schools in texas, like in the United States, my student body when I was, there was 60,000 people. Um There were a lot of students. Um and so I studied something called M. I. S. Management Information Systems, which is about half business, half computer science. I really like computers, but my parents were
just saying get a business degree so you can do business thing. It was like, well I'll meet you in the middle, you know, I'll do both at the same time. All right west, we're gonna agree to that. So I did that and I've been doing it a lot because it's doing business stuff, but it's also still doing computers, which I really enjoy. Uh and so, uh, I grew up in Texas, uh halfway. There's two big cities in Texas. There's a city called Houston and a city called Austin. Uh and right in between the two is my tiny little village of about 10,000 people. Um middle of nowhere, I mean to tell you this is the place where like my idea of traffic is getting stuck behind the cow. Um
yeah, I'm not kidding, You could be late to anywhere in town growing up and all you have to say is, hey, I'm so sorry, I'm an hour
late. The cows got out and you know, I had to go rescue them and they'll say, oh no, it happens. You know those cows? Pesky cows?
So that's my experience. I grew up on a ranch, um which is
kind of
weird. Exactly, but now I'm in Houston and now it's just the super big city where like
everything
is moving
and taking.
Uh It's interesting if you don't mind me asking, are you a native of massachusetts
exciting?
let's see. Your aggressive, no,
that's
held
really cool. No, absolutely. Um I think what is it? I've got a pretty awesome apartment here in Houston. Um I get to live in right on top of me, three stories down is just, it's mixed use, so there's a bunch of cool city stuff, there's a bar within walking distance, there's a chipotle, directly the newspaper.
Um and so it's super convenient, you know, I really feel like getting dinner tonight. Yeah, I always go down and get some food. Um so as a as a 26 year old guy is uh it's excellent, I definitely enjoy it. Um things have been pretty great down here. Um
how's your quarantine then? You've been holding in there, you know keeping it together through covid?
That's that's good to hear our company started working from home and they came to me the I. T. Guy, you know like wes we don't know how this is going to happen like what are we gonna do do we just like like people just get on the internet at home and go from there and I was like yes it'll be fine, don't worry about it, it is entirely possible. And then our company started doing it and now they're like wait a second, do we have to go back to the office like like we just keep doing this forever. I enjoy it. You know I just want to sit around some home stay in my pajamas, you know?
Absolutely,
that's
been the
other
convenient
day.
Absolutely No. Um that's that's what I've been doing as well and I know especially my parents um They are, I love them to death. Their ancient um I think Papa Cruz, my father was born 50 for my mother was in 60.
they just immediately
no uh we started the coronavirus stuff and my father who again born on a ranch, you know very much loves his cows was just immediately like everything needs to stop. Um And so just hold up to full like survivalist zombie apocalypse mode and he's just like I have a garden
in my backyard.
We are not going to the grocery store, we are growing all of our crops and we are fully self sufficient stun. We
have internet
here, we need you back, Do not stay Houston, just come back home and we can all just deal with this and you don't have to worry about anything, just like, you know like that's great. But
as a 25 year old guy like do I really want to move back in with my parents? You know? It's like I love him. Yes, but you know
it's just it's I do enjoy just kind of doing my own thing, so it's uh
been
going
back
and forth with that.
that's
good.
Absolutely
no,
my
father to the opposite,
he spent too much time at the farm is what I like to think. It's I think very much just enough time of cows and it's just note this is the only way to do it. Um We're completely a very long line, I think we've had about 56 generations within the exact same small
town. Uh And exactly like my grandfather, you know was a rancher, my great grandfather was a rancher, You know, they all literally, they hopped off the boat from Germany and it's just, it's like we're not going to learn english, we're just going to sit here and we're gonna just form the cows, we're gonna make sure it's fine. And so I think even my father still medicine german, I think I'm the first generation of like people of my family living here doesn't speak a word of german. Exactly. And so that's, that's our small town. It's very much like the police officers, they hire, they hired them to speak both english and german because there are still so many old people that like, it is easier to communicate with them in german that it is to communicate in english. Like I very much did not like there are still places in the States that would have multiple languages, but I've always just kind of grown up thinking, oh yeah, you know, it makes sense. You know, This is brewed, um there's 10,000 people, everybody speaks German, so it's just a weird thing. Um, but no, I, I've always
liked it in Texas. Uh, I'm very thankful. I've gotten to travel a little bit, if you don't mind me asking, where is the farthest away from home we've ever been?
All right.
No,
there we go.
Oh, awesome. I just went, our family took a road trip as well. Me, my little sister,
my
parents, we decided, hey, you know what? We've got nothing else going on 2017 the summer. Hey, let's just
make a week out of it. You know, we'll all go, well, drive along, we'll see what happens. We actually had a great home. We were very surprised. We're like, wow, this is not the worst thing you've ever done. Um
so no, grand candy is super beautiful. I loved it. I definitely
not my
callback.
Absolutely,
absolutely,
no, definitely. But as for myself, the caribbean's great.
I love it. I've done several cruises
myself. Um they're awesome.
Just highly recommend them, I would say probably the furthest west I've done. It's kind of a tie because the farthest away from home is a two way tie because one is further south, one is further east and so there's still the same distance. Um but the further south would have been a Singapore in Southeast Asia and then um Ho Chin, Minh City Saigon in Vietnam so far this east, but also go by the west. I have made it to Germany about once or twice. I've done both Frankfurt and Berlin. Berlin's great, highly recommended. Just
very weird
city,
You know, most certainly a little bit and I definitely got to go through and see over things. I took a tour, get this okay. I was just taking a tour through the city and we just kind of pulled into a parking lot, just get everybody back together. And our tour guide sort of told us like, Hey, by the way, um, you might not know this right now. Um, but about
60ft
beneath us where Hitler died? Yeah,
yeah. His bunker absolutely
underground. Okay. The parking lot on top of it, they were just like, hey look, we are done with all the nazi
stuff. Okay, let's just slap a parking lot on top of it and we're gonna move forward. Okay. Um, you know, super interesting. Super. Just like the way history preserved there, you can see what is that. They were, I went out drinking with some of my friends at a bar. Um and there were still bullet holes from when the Russians invaded the city of 94 five. You can afford to see them in the wall. Oh yeah well there was somebody shot at this building and it's like all right that's weird. Yeah I guess I'll have another beer. Um Thanks. Yeah so um just a super interesting city. We took a tour of the Berlin wall. They
still sell pieces
of the Berlin wall, which
I thought
was crazy.
they
absolutely
no was crazy. I was before I was even born but I knew my parents would flip out. I think it's a piece of the
testing testing. Can you hear me okay
you're coming through. I think we have a little bit of a technical hiccup there. I think we have the software may have shorted out what was the last thing you heard?
Right? I got a piece. Absolutely. Um but in my mind easily somebody could have just picked up a piece of concrete and said, oh yeah, this is the Berlin Wall. Yeah, here's 20 bucks. Yeah. Absolutely. Now you own a piece of
history now,
that's a good point. You know, it's uh that is
argument.
I guess there's there's no
way to go
back and catch
Oh yes, okay. Um I will see if I can fix anything on my end. Uh Do okay, well,
pardon?
Please repeat.
No, they will not shut us off things. If you look back on the original uh the tab, you may have pulled open for the survey. There's a little tiny both on it so you can check down there. They won't cut us off, but If you just keep an eye on it will hit 25 minutes, we'll raise bands and we can
get out of our life. Um But no worries. Uh if there's any place in the world you'd like to go, where would you have?
do you
know what hurt?
Noise.
It will
come back to you. Absolutely
no. A little pop back
in when that happens.
No, I will tell you.
I've done Rome. Rome was very interesting. The city. Well I
was definitely, you know, not
all I've
made it up to you, but
I will tell you the food,
you know um uh Lucky that wasn't an issue. But uh what is it? I will say? We sat gallery. Okay, let's just, you know, get a five minute meal. Um And uh you know, it's just uh we'll get some food and we'll go back to seeing the museums. Um and in Italy, that's not what happens um There is not a five minute meal. If you sit down in a restaurant, it is a two hour to course event. If you are eating in Italy be prepared, it will be some of the best food, but there is no quick in and out, it is an event, so just be prepared for that and what I will say, I do have one great story about my time in Italy. Um So
when I went, it was me and my three best friends from high school. Uh we still keep in touch really well um I was just that one of their weddings just two weekends ago um which that was, that was a story, Let me tell you a wedding in the middle of forward. Okay. Now nobody, nobody was happy about it. Okay, so we were all just like the 300 person event. We whittled down to 50 people and I was like, do I really have to go to watching like West, you're the best man at this wedding, you do have to
be
there.
I'm fine, but if I get sick, it's all your fault. Um luckily we all survived, but any who it was uh it was dicey to say the least. We were not excited about holding an event that large. Um but anyhoo uh so it is me and these guys, I think it is uh it is December of 2017. We are in Rome, none of us are catholic, but we all decided to go visit the benefit. It was right, okay. You know, it's a day trip. Get to go see the history, you know, just get to go see it all. Um and that's a secret if you're ever trying to see the Vatican, which I will recommend regardless of beliefs, just because it's a super beautiful place, a lot of history, then the real secret is that the pope gives speeches on Wednesdays.
So he goes out and we'll talk in original latin to the crowds and everybody on Wednesday wants to go see that, which means that the line to get into the Vatican is really short. Some people say it's a four hour wait to get into the Vatican and we did it in 45 minutes. So if you ever go, go on either or when
they or a sunday, because those big days where something happens and that is when people aren't in line. So any who were walking through and we're all just blown away. You know, I'm just, I'm having a moment. I'm just, wow. Some of this history here is, you know, from, you know, like almost times before christ, you
know, it's huge, just massive repertoire of just everything. There's tapestries of when people thought the earth was flat. You know, it's just all these, yeah, it's just history were like, wow, just the craftsmanship and it keeps off because it ends in the
Sistine
Chapel. Okay. That's the whole David, you know, Michael Angelo, just touching the fingers and everything. And I just remember sitting under it, I was blown away. Oh my goodness, I am here right now. It's like if the aliens ever land and there is, well show us your art, we're going to take them right here
and we're going
to say,
yeah, this is like some of like what we like to do. So I am just like gob struck and all of a sudden my buddy comes up to me, the elbows. Hey, hey, wes mason mason. What's up man? Okay, I've seen this pain before, but I don't know where, what is this? And I'm like amazing! You know where we are right now. We are in Rome in the Vatican standing underneath. Where do you think we are? And nobody cares? Well, I don't know. It's a little sign over there says the bathrooms are that way. This is the Sistine Chapel. I think there's a gift shop around the corner mason, we are at the Sistine Chapel. Is that important? Yes.
thanks for sharing that. I appreciate it. And even so I never let him live it down. Okay.
But in the middle of the Sistine Capital, who was like this looks familiar, but I don't know where I've seen it. Meanwhile, I'm just like losing my mind and just how cool it is to be standing there. So it's
one of those things that we maybe should have at least let them read the little travel brochure before we walked into the museum. Um It was
one
of the
favorite stories
of Italy.
Well I'll tell you this. I'm trying to think. I have an older sister. She was in D. C. I don't like admitted to Gettysburg. I want to say I actually had a great uncle.
Who what is
it? He did fight in the civil war. Um You from Iowa. So uh what is it? He was a yankee. He
thought there was a battle of Shiloh is what I believe it's called. Exactly. And there was something called the Hornet's Nest which is particularly one of the deadliest parts of the battle of Shiloh. It was like this one little hill That I think change sides 12 or 13 times. Um It was super interesting because he was on one of the people on the last time where they took it and so that's how we had like the rest of my family because otherwise we would not want
And it was one of the interesting things is that apparently before they could diagnose it and apparently just had some of the worst pTSd just was like oh yeah no I definitely I was at the Battle of Shiloh and oh it was not a fun time. Um So he was notorious back in Iowa where he was living at the time because he was the town drunk but most importantly his finger activity was riding his horse
butt naked, okay it was just always the thing that had happened, I just feel like oh yeah
well mr mck martin is right around, he's drunk on the horse again and he would always pass out on the horse. But the horse was always smart enough to wait back up outside of his house. So it was one of those weird things where it's just like, you know, back before the days, you know, drinking and driving, which is terrible. You know, you could just drinking horse, but the horse would be smart lifted
exactly what, it's just the way it works. It will get you back home. So every time
I think of the civil war, I think of that one day I would like to visit the hornet's nest. Um,
my point
or
neighborhood.
It's a
history.
Absolutely. No, I definitely have a history junkie myself.
It was a great
Washington.
Oh, that's super awesome. And
I imagine, you
know, being in massachusetts, all the colonial stuff. I mean every time I think of that, I definitely think, you know, just boston tea party and you know, all the cool stuff that happened up there.
Wow.
Okay. Um, that's super
cool. I know a great question. If you could go back in time to any period of history, where do you think you go? Yeah,
There we
are.
No, My mother as well is a big, what is that, her historical dramas? She's really into the crown, any kind of british stuff she just flipped out about.
Absolutely. Um, in fact what
it was,
absolutely. All the period dramas, all the nice fancy
costumes, you know,
problem
doesn't
want
that.
Absolutely.
absolutely.
Oh, that's good. Um, no, I get that. As for myself, I definitely think what is it, you know, as much as I'm a huge computer guy myself,
and that was like to go more into the future just to see what that would look like instead of the past. But I would really like to consider what is it? Yeah, the 14 hundreds of Japan just back in the age of samurais and ninjas and just all the fancy castles and mosquito, I definitely gotta just be super interesting, which is that, that is kind of a historical period. I really appreciate just because of just how different it is from so many things we study, you know, and we spent so much time learning about Rome and ancient Greece and about all the Western traditions,
but I guess I've always kind of been interested in just how the whole rest of the world operated, especially at a time as interesting as that. So That would be me, but I probably last about five minutes and they say, wait, that's a guy who has red hair, that's clearly a witch. Okay? And we need to bring that person. Okay.
Well yeah, we'll just tie him to the stake. Can't trust them. And I'd be like, well, you know, it was a good five minutes. All right, let's let's head back
to after
2020.
Um Let's
keep it going.
that's
point. That
is a very good point.
that's interesting history but still not great at all. Um
Well, absolutely. That would definitely be something to see. That's actually super cool. um
I will tell you this, we have hit the 25 minute mark. So everything has happened on all he was going to say. Um There is uh one place in the United States. You could recommend that will be the last conversation topic. One place I should visit the US. Maybe I haven't been yet. Where would you think?
so you know, that would be super cool just to check that
out.
Close but absolutely will know. I'd be super interesting
that.
Get it. All right, absolutely thanks. I guess if I recommend, have you done the Carlsbad
caverns?
Carlsbad actually Mexico? Very south.
Absolutely.
Well
that's out in New Mexico. The Carlsbad caverns. We got to see it on the way out to our road trip in the Grand Canyon. Just super amazing. Just one of the largest natural underground cave formations. They recently went back and re paved it so it's almost like you're walking. I'm just like just clouds
the entire way through.
No
way
where they meet together and make columns and the whole thing.
I've got history. Absolutely. It's just it's really cool. It's just out in the middle of nowhere and I was blown away just how amazing just this massive underground formation is and it was almost call it as cool as the other Grand Canyon was. So I had a great time there
and if you're ever down south um definitely come on down um great video as well. I like it a lot, huge
budget for culture, great food. Um that new Orleans as well. That's also what I would say if you've ever done new Orleans.
Perfect. Okay. New Orleans is a six hour drive for me. So it's just like a it's a three day weekend kind of thing. You know if it's just to get some time Memorial
Day just to get the buddies going over to new Orleans.
You
know
get the guys together. Exactly. Tell that one guy. Hey there's no Sistine Chapel here. Okay. You might enjoy it a little bit better. So you like in fact for his 21st birthday we did New Orleans now that I think about it, what would behold?
I might have to get him back out there. But
any here,
no, it sounds like a plan that's about all I've got.
Thank you for being an awesome conversational
partner.
Absolutely
no. Okay, you take
care
and well the rest
of the week and
then from here you just close out the tab and take it easy adios.