SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. That's beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Oh. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh hi there how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: doing?
SPEAKER_L: good I'm lisa and I'm in texas. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh hi I'm Caitlin. I'm in California. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Wrong. Have you done
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: time?
SPEAKER_L: before?
SPEAKER_R: No I haven't.
SPEAKER_L: I've done it one other time. No weight to other times. Yeah It's 11 o'clock here for you. What time is it?
SPEAKER_R: Okay it's 9:00.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I didn't know if you were one or two hours behind so okay so
SPEAKER_R: morning time
SPEAKER_L: okay so I love California. I did um a semester at U. C. L. A. Doing research. So I'm one of those people who actually love L. A. And I know sometimes gets a bad rap but I really liked it.
SPEAKER_R: Where were you studying?
SPEAKER_L: Um I was thinking I'm a psychology on a psychologist sort of kind of I do research mainly. Um But uh I was doing autistic um research on autism there with
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: professor. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah It was very it was very interesting and I think she passed away in the last couple of years, the
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: professor and mary Ann Sigmund was her name. So yeah, she was really cool though. And but what do you do, what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: I right now I work at a construction office as an office assistant but I am studying
SPEAKER_L: This whole
SPEAKER_R: architecture right now at school. Did that? Yeah it's been very fun. It's a good area to,
SPEAKER_L: Well good. That that sounds like, yeah, I mean hopefully that's that's a job that we always need right construction and whatever.
SPEAKER_R: yes. Yeah houses need to be built.
SPEAKER_L: That's right. That's right. The thing that I study um I say mainly a researcher just because I've been doing um Research with Alzheimer's for the past 12 years. So that's the main
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: thing that that's the thing that I study. So that's what I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: amazing
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: thank you for doing that. My
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: grandpa has Alzheimer's
SPEAKER_L: my grandmother
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: did you? So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah It's
SPEAKER_L: And uh
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: it is it is, I just keep thinking, you know, if it's not our group that comes up with an amazing discovery, I hope someone does you know because I look at my two little nieces and I hope that they never have to think of you know even think about it when they get older. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: we will see. But um so um do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: I do I have two dogs right now but my mom she works at the S. P. C. A. So we usually have a lot more animals than that. But right now we just have two dogs. We have an english
SPEAKER_L: possible.
SPEAKER_R: bulldog and a catahoula hounds are both big. Big size dogs.
SPEAKER_L: that's cute.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: I have a cat who's around here? I thought um I thought I was going to try to maybe show him because he was right here next to me but he took off so I don't know And I don't think he feels like a camera. I don't know. But I have a little cat, he showed up on my porch like 12 years ago didn't you? Oh his mom would come back for him as she never did. So
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: I brought him in the house. Here he is, he's here now. Oh yeah, there
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: he is,
SPEAKER_R: guys
SPEAKER_L: he's
SPEAKER_R: and get home. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: like mom
SPEAKER_R: with the, the video disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: oh no, can you see me now?
SPEAKER_R: no, no um
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: receive,
SPEAKER_L: I could see
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: just had like, okay, that's good. There's just a little like icon like of like a human silhouette microphone. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to say um but little microphone you, I don't know what happened. Yeah. Oh I figure that's kind of I figure that's kind of important but I don't I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: know either. Okay. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: we can tell them that like halfway through it bugged out or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I'll let you know if it comes back up, but
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: we can just continue then.
SPEAKER_L: well don't you miss max so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know right before too.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I think he planned that he must have done it. I'm joking. Um So California, are you mean near any of those crazy wild fires that were going on? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: actually I was right next to one over in
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: Carmel. I live in Salinas which is near like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: caramel, Big sur Monterey, so I was near a couple of big fires happening. There was one called the river fire which was in my town. Salina's luckily it didn't get too close to any
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: of our fields because we're in ac
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: town,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so we have law fields
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: and like a lot of greenery, so I didn't get any of that thankfully. But yeah, it's been crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I just I mean it seems like every day there was like you either had grown or there was a new one or something and I was just like wow that's just awful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was not
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: looking good. We were all kind of scared for a minute there virus up. Sweet your videos back on. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I don't
SPEAKER_R: they just
SPEAKER_L: I would
SPEAKER_R: kept
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: do anything so like I don't know it might just be the connection. Yeah. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: fires I'm glad you're okay you're safe from that because I just it's just so awful and just the devastation it shows when it like hits a neighborhood or whatever and it just leaves nothing. It's just all
SPEAKER_R: I knew a few people that lost their homes, which is a big bummer. It got really bad out here, but luckily no one, everyone's safe. Everyone's alive.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. That's good. Yeah I have
SPEAKER_R: How's the?
SPEAKER_L: who was against it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I was just going to have a nephew who's moving to California but not till after the first of the year. So he's moving to um Lancaster I think he's going to work at Edwards Air Force Base.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: So so yeah so he's so um I'll be you know research in California and stuff with him. So I was like,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: I don't see
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: any
SPEAKER_R: idea.
SPEAKER_L: while, I don't see the forest around him. It's all desert, so that's kind of
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. Were there um, what was happening in texas? I thought there was some kind of like, there weren't hurricanes. I know that was in texas,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: but Right.
SPEAKER_L: Um we can get hurricanes like they come through the gulf and then I'm way up in Dallas, so I'm way up in Dallas, so we'll get some rain from those sometimes, but we don't get a lot of um like the wind and all that that people do. We had something really bizarre though come through here. Um It probably came to you guys to um like in the summer and at first I thought my husband was pulling my leg because he was like there was some sandstorm from africa that's coming, it's going to be coming through and I was like what was like your crazy. I was like whatever. But it was true. We had like this like two week period in the summer where there was this brown haze everywhere and like especially if you were like looking at downtown from the distance you could really see it and then people were talking about how their eyes were really itching and all this stuff and my and
SPEAKER_R: Wrong.
SPEAKER_L: my throat was really weird like for those couple days so that was something really bizarre. I don't know if it ever I assume that if it came up to us why wouldn't go across the U. S. But it was really bizarre.
SPEAKER_R: That is and all the way from africa to
SPEAKER_L: I know listening
SPEAKER_R: that's insane.
SPEAKER_L: at first I thought he was crazy but then I also remember learning in school that hurricanes form on the coast of africa and then they just build as they come across the ocean you know? So I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: guess
SPEAKER_R: shouldn't
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: do that.
SPEAKER_L: that crazy I guess he's not that crazy. Yeah but that was something weird but we get a lot of um in april and May is our big storm season. So you might hear of us getting like tornadoes and things like that. We haven't had a tornado in the city though Probably like in 10 years and even then it wasn't that bad they tend to hit like more rural areas but they can really come down anywhere you know?
SPEAKER_R: That's good. Okay. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: um what about earthquakes? Have you ever been through an earthquake?
SPEAKER_R: No just little shakes.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: We haven't had anything about over here, luckily but yeah I know that like san Francisco in those areas they get pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: Why does not show the other day? I think it was the history channel that was on earthquakes and how they can really happen anywhere but just so happens
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that California and I think even part of the East coast have those fault lines that like are the more susceptible to like the whatever but that really earthquakes can happen anywhere. And I was like oh that's not comforting. But I don't think, I mean I think we've had a couple of here that will make the news because it's so unusual but they're so slight that no one really noticed unless they were like in the city or little town that happened in. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've slept through a lot of them. I never really noticed them.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's good. Yeah. I don't know. That would be I see the videos like people have the surveillance videos or whatever and how I think shakes. That would just be
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: I would freak out about that.
SPEAKER_L: I was joking with my nephew. I was like I'm gonna have to start researching earthquake kits to make sure I put one together for you to have it, your apartment. He's like okay well it's funny because when he was in college and my other nephew was in college I would make their little medicine chest for them like to take to their dorm or whatever. So you know just ibuprofen, all that kind of stuff. And I would always put in like those masks, disposable masks for the flu
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: broke
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: out, like just a regular seasonal flu broke out, I said you need to wear math, and they're always like okay this is a little much now, who is crazy? You know what I'm saying? Like I was crazy now and they were like laughing the other day when I was telling them, I was like, I remember how I used to buy those masks for your medicines, feel like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You knew,
SPEAKER_L: I know like who's crazy now? That's right, right. A. B. M.
SPEAKER_R: do you have kids?
SPEAKER_L: I don't have kids so access my only child and my cat and uh no but I think I've got I have five nieces, five nephews and five great nieces. So. Yeah, so I
SPEAKER_R: blossom.
SPEAKER_L: feel like I kind of helped raise some of them so that's pretty cool. Um the Children nieces that I was referring to earlier actually my great niece is there are only six and 10 and uh I babysit them a lot because my niece their mom has M. S. And so they be kind of like just they're just so energetic and so kind of you know that whenever she's feeling tired or whatever I make sure I go get them to keep some pressure off of her. So. Yeah but so yeah I I don't have kids. What about you? You look too young.
SPEAKER_R: No no. Yeah no kids. My my sister she is kids so I have two nieces and one nephew
SPEAKER_L: they're the greatest
SPEAKER_R: there. Yeah they're awesome. I love them. They
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: were living
SPEAKER_L: and send them home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice part. It's like being a mom without the responsibility
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. What are you
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: going to stay with them?
SPEAKER_R: Oh they were living with us for a little while to and that was actually really fun because we got to like help raise them too.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: I really liked hanging
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: out with them a lot. But there six and 7 now I think. And then my dearest niece, she's six months old I think.
SPEAKER_L: she's little that's
SPEAKER_R: She's
SPEAKER_L: leaning that's sweet. Yeah my six year old niece she's like she wants an itinerary of what we're gonna do all day. She's like and then where are we going to go and then we're going to do and I'm just like you need to chill and the other one is so chill, she can just sit there and read a book or you know I mean and like whatever but it's that little one that's just like oh my gosh so we have to keep her like otherwise she just starts doing crazy things so it's it's funny but there are a lot of fun better. Yeah we just we went to school for so long and then we like to travel a lot. Obviously not. We actually had to cancel a trip in april to italy because of all this stuff going on, how
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: bummer.
SPEAKER_L: I know it was for our anniversary. Um But uh we'll do it again at some point, but um so yeah, I don't know like I'm just I don't know, I will also admit that I'm a little bit of a selfish person so like I kind of like not having kids, but my husband was an only child so he was like I don't care if it's wrong, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: still figuring that round out, but that's way down the line to figure that out.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you look really young so yeah. Um Yeah I wouldn't I wouldn't rush it be ready when you want to do it. Yeah, so that's the one thing some of my friends who had kids younger, I mean they just was it was hard, I mean granted of course they're happy they did it now, but um you know it's just if you do when you're younger it's I think it's a little harder. Should be enough.
SPEAKER_R: I I learned from my sister because she had kids when she was young and she had like back to back kids when she was young. So it was just
SPEAKER_L: Jessica
SPEAKER_R: such a like a big deal and I just saw like old stress and just all that. It was like no, I'm going to finish school first and then think about that.
SPEAKER_L: That's smart. That's smart. Yeah, I'm the baby of four and all my three siblings are a lot older than me. So that's why I have so many nieces and nephews. Like some of them I grew up with almost like brothers and sisters or you know cousins and then some of them, I'm like with these great nieces, I'm actually kind of like an aunt and niece. Typical age difference versus the other ones. Like I have a niece who is only three years younger than me. So it's kind of funny so
SPEAKER_R: yeah. That is definitely like, that's like that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: that's kind of weird. So yeah um and then the girl's mom, the girl's mom who's uh wanna babysit a lot. She's what, seven years younger than me. So yeah, she had babies a little bit later. But yeah. That's crazy. We we we joked that my brother um he has six kids. That's one of the reasons I have so many nations of nephews. But yeah. Down
SPEAKER_R: Nice. The bunch.
SPEAKER_L: what? And he's crazy and I'm joking. Crazy in a good way. So yeah. Anyways, so how's all the corona stuff going over there with you? Because is it bad where you are, anything
SPEAKER_R: honestly it's kind of hard
SPEAKER_L: works
SPEAKER_R: to tell
SPEAKER_L: out?
SPEAKER_R: our county is a little bit weird because we're very much an outdoor county because of Monterey. Like like to go out to the beach and we have a lot of tourism here, like a ton with like the aquarium and like pebble Beach and like all the fancy areas that we have. So we're still getting a lot of tourists, which isn't good, but everyone is pretty much wearing their masks. It's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: not really a problem anymore. So the cases are still going up in our county, but it's not terrible. I'm not super sure. It's kind of confusing sometimes because it
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: seems like we're doing great. But then I look at the cases and it's still rising so like, like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's scary. It's so wild um in Dallas for a long time and a lot of places we're going, you know, when the cases were decreasing, ours were just increasing and finally they leveled off now to where it's, they're slowly decreasing. Um I work for a university and so um right now of course we're not seeing patients for research, we're just seeing patients who come in the clinic, like just regular primary care, like that kind of stuff. Um But as I work from home most days of the week just because I can do a lot more of the writing and stuff from home. Um It's just so wild. I can't believe this has happened, it's like a movie or something, I don't know, it's weird, so weird. Um And yeah, the other day I was at Cbs, whichever you have Cbs, it's like a Walgreens or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: I received
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and I went in and I was behind this guy who I didn't even notice he wasn't wearing a mask. But as soon as we walked in the door, the girls, the register were like so you have to wear a mask and he just turned her out and laughed. He didn't make any, you know, he didn't fight her about it or anything, but I was like, dude, how do you, how do you come in here without a mask? It's kind of funny. Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: It's always funny when you see like I'm going to the grocery store or the different store like we're all walking up and like either putting our mass or someone forgets and like shoot. And I turned
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: around to go
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: That was me the other day, because I got up to the door and I was like, why doesn't like, I'm forgetting something? I'm like, I'm like, that's good. I don't really get it. Yeah, I should keep one in my purse. Just that I know my sister, she's so crazy. She made a lot of Halloween masks. Like, um,
SPEAKER_R: Hold
SPEAKER_L: they're like pumpkins and all this stuff, so they're
SPEAKER_R: period.
SPEAKER_L: pretty, they're pretty cute. Yeah. She's very into Halloween. Um, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's gonna be weird without trick or treating, but I'm so excited to watch like movies and eat some candy. I'm still going to try to make it Halloween.
SPEAKER_L: Am
SPEAKER_R: Like.
SPEAKER_L: I know we still decorated a little bit, but yeah, we usually get a lot of trick or treaters, but I'm, I'm counting on, well, we're not going to give out candy. We just won't turn on our porch light. Um, but because just, yeah, I just don't, I don't, I just
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: don't think it's a, you know, a good thing even though, yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I love the holidays in like the holiday spirit, but I don't know if we can afford that this year. It's
SPEAKER_L: I am in,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I know. And also to my mom is 82 and so she's really healthy and in most respects, but she is the main reason that I try to be really careful because I'm one of the people who's around her the most. Um so I don't want to give her anything or put her more at risk. So um yeah, that's, that's the big thing with me between her and my knees. I just make sure I try to stay healthy because I'm I'm usually around both of those people so much. So that's what's scary
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm grateful that I didn't get it because I was living in uh san luis Obispo which is a little bit of North I was going to school over there and I wasn't, I was working a job that was like in customer service and like a food service, it was a pizza place, so I was around people all the time, so it didn't feel super safe. But then once I had to move back for school reasons, I I stopped like I stopped socializing. I got a job. It's like a smaller companies that way. I'm not around a lot of people because I do visit my grandparents, mom here, like my niece and nephew, my sister. So it's just, it's too, I don't want to get any of them sick if I get sick.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know my sister, my old, my oldest sister, she works at a library. She's a librarian
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: at one of the big um branches here. And so she doesn't interact with the public that much. But her workers, do you know I mean the ones that are like the front desk and stuff but they have a lot of crazy things going on there like they do curbside service so people don't even have to
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: come into the library like there's certain days of the week that that's all they do and then they think they're open for the public like two days a week but there's only like 20 people can come in at a time or something really crazy for it.
SPEAKER_R: lots
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: of regulations.
SPEAKER_L: got them but still it's it's just a lot of people coming through the door and I'm like yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hate being nervous about it, but I just, it feels better to be more careful about it, like very safe and sorry at this point
SPEAKER_L: definitely, definitely. I agree. Um In february before all this really started a good one of my best friend um she had called me to go and help take care of her dogs after work one day because she had to take her father in law to the hospital and
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: he's like in his seventies and he had had what they thought was the flu and it became pneumonia and he was really really sick and now we look back and think he probably had it you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: possible.
SPEAKER_L: we didn't know it whatever because her husband got a little sick too, but nothing nothing like him, but she didn't get sick, which is crazy. So I don't know, but we kind of think back and we think it was before all of this really started, it was like early february and we think that maybe he had it because he got so sick and it was all the breathing stuff you know and all of that.
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah, I definitely try to. That's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: scary.
SPEAKER_L: so it is scary. Yeah that's the whole thing, it's like the older people that's what you worry about. I mean if I I'd like to think I wouldn't get like horribly sick or die, but I don't even want to risk it, but I don't want to get it and then even have a mild case but give it to my mom and have her have a horrible case of it. So Yeah. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: I totally get that.
SPEAKER_L: definitely, definitely just keep a lot of hand sanitizer everywhere in my car and like whatever. Every once in a while I'll go and spray the inside of my car with Lysol just to kind
SPEAKER_R: Trip.
SPEAKER_L: of do it. And like I know, yeah. So listen, it's hard to find sometimes. But the other day a friend of mine called me and she's like, they have to the Walgreens. So we took off and like when you got somebody Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh I had to find a printer for my company because it's still kind of up and running right now if you just got into office over getting new supplies and all that and I went to go buy a printer for them and it's like the new toilet paper like there are no printers anywhere in California. Like I was trying to find one and I was going place to place like every single one of them.
SPEAKER_L: People working from home and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it click once I went to like the third place was like what's going on and then it just wasn't got away.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that'll be, that'll do, that's kind of the same thing. I went to best buy. I guess it was probably like in april or may maybe more like me um to get another monitor because you know working on my laptop that's what I'm talking to you on um after a while it gets kind of old just because at work I have like two monitors that I use you know so you can have a lot more things open. So I went to buy one and everyone I picked they were out of you know what I mean? But they are getting more of them and I was like what's going on there like it's that people are working from home and they're buying like another monitor or you know you know something different and I was like okay
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah I wanted to I wanted to wait a couple of weeks and got the one I really wanted when they got it back in. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: it's weird how things like that have come up like Yeah I just nothing at all. Hi
SPEAKER_R: Aaron
SPEAKER_L: will I will say though when the store started getting restocked I can't find toilet paper even if we didn't need it because I'm like a closet. I'm just putting it in the closet like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my grandma got very excited when she figured out she could buy them on bulk online so she just started sending it to like my family, Arizona family
SPEAKER_L: good morning.
SPEAKER_R: here, she was just shipping it to everyone.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So weird. That was so weird when going to the grocery store like in the very beginning when this shelves would be empty it was like it felt like there was like a war or something going on. Like it just felt so weird. You know what I mean? Like Oh it was awful that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and like the, when you were only allowed to buy like one at a time or two at a time, it's crazy. I was trying to buy distilled water for my dad's Cpap machine and you couldn't buy distilled water more than one of them, it's like okay, drinking
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: everything.
SPEAKER_L: all that stuff is just like my allergies are bothering me. That's my nose is running. I'm not sick but I could affect you over the internet anyway. But uh
SPEAKER_R: and over his.
SPEAKER_L: I got to say, but yeah, I know, I know. It was it was wild. Just my mom would send me to the store to get some things for her, you know? Or I'd ask her when we were going to go because we try to go only like once every couple of weeks and uh there would just be empty shelves with like the canned goods and like the paper while was just empty completely. And um the meat sections there was always, yeah, you can only buy one thing of like chicken or one thing of beef. It was really weird. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm glad we're somewhat past that.
SPEAKER_L: What am I? My cousin was like, it's like we live in Russia like whether they don't have enough of everything like I guess I guess that's kind of what it was kind of funny.
SPEAKER_R: like kind of what it was.
SPEAKER_L: It's weird. Do you play any games or anything like I don't know like on the phone or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: Um on the phone, Not really. I played video games with my dad, that's like the thing, we do it to like Bond I guess, but we play like uh she, what did we play? Lots? It's just like the Call of Duty, like shooter games, those types of things. We play those a lot. Do you play any games?
SPEAKER_L: I was just asking because I just got a text from my cousin. Um I played, the only thing I play on my phone is candy crush. And a few and a few months ago they got this thing where you can form a little team and like you get bonuses whatever. So my cousin was just texting me telling me that she got us up another level or so that's maybe give it. But yeah, I've been playing it since I think it started. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. It's a long time.
SPEAKER_L: It's a long time. And so I'm like in level 8000 something which you know most people are like in the 2000s or something. But um it was so crazy. Is um last year sometime I got this email, some king who makes like the candy crush game and they're like, you know, you're one of our best or I can make this the best or longest players, whatever. We'd like to send you a gift. And I'm like, are they just fishing for my address? You know, like I was a sort of player whatever. So I thought what the heck? So I sent them whatever and they sent me a monopoly candy crush game
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and I was like, oh my god, like it's so funny and my
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: little you should always want to play. I'm like, no, you can't touch it, so it's kind of funny. But but yeah, so I thought that was really crazy and then a friend of mine who's played a long time to, they sent her a pop socket that was like had one of little characters on it from candy crush, so that was really
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: wide.
SPEAKER_R: super cool. They like recognize the people that play on it for
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so long.
SPEAKER_L: know, I know. And I don't even spend that much money because someone was like, do you spend a lot of money? And I was like, no, every blue moon, they'll have some great special where you get like a lot of stuff for really cheap. Usually around the holiday, they'll do it and I'll do it then, but I don't buy stuff, I mean, but maybe three times a year even that much like. Yeah, it's just kind of ran a bit of so that's what made me think to ask you the question. When I saw the text on the corner of my eye was like what? And then I used to play at one point with my nephews that Pokemon go
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that was a big thing for a while.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but then yeah, I got out of plane. I think they still play when they went to college, they got back into it because people at college played it so, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: definitely still happens. I have some classmates that's so quiet. Um like when a zoom call, like one dude had to leave the zoom call. So there was like a really good hotspot going on. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I remember that. I remember when it was first out and they would show these videos of people like, I guess they would hear something with somewhere and you would see like this like horde of people like in Central Park going to get something, I'm like, oh my gosh. Yeah, Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: everyone, well they steal from my game like because it's still active. So they're going to be like, do you have this and this and this? And I'm like, I don't know, you can check and they'll go and trade it to themselves or whatever. And I'm like, okay, I don't mind. Yeah, that's great. So, um, do you do a lot of stuff for the little, do you do prolific? Is that what you do the study stuff on that?
SPEAKER_R: I just started doing it because it seems like they're only usually studies in the morning. So I kind of like to do it before I start classes before I start my day. So
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that's what I usually and like it's easy money. I like that. It's like study through the university so it's like legit. How long have you can using it?
SPEAKER_L: Well I believe an incident this past year, a friend of mine actually, she does more kind of like, um, like some survey research and stuff like that. So she asked me, she's like, why don't you check it out and see, you know, like on a user side versus like on the other side. And I was like, okay. And then I just got some interesting studies and stuff. So I do the same thing like in the morning before I start working or email, I'll just check to see what it from there. And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's kind of fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. And like a lot of times, um I get a lot of those ones where it's like a series of like five studies or whatever. So it's like you're five surveys, so you do like five over a week and then they give you like some bonus at the end of whatever and I'm like that's all right. So Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I only got a few of those is usually based off of sleep or exercise. This mainly when I get those like you like show screenshots of what you do. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: the month the ones that I get a lot of and I think it's because of what's going on. I have a lot of covid ones related to working from home. Like you know, so they asked like they wanted you to be working from home at least two days a week and like all this different stuff. So um but yeah I mean it's interesting. I mean you know the psychologist to me is like you know, so uh it was this one though the other day that I did. That was crazy. So if you want to like well it's not telling you anything like if I tell you whatever, but it was just one you had to watch this little video and I think that they might even record you while you're doing it. Um you watched and they showed you shapes and like the names of the shapes, but they were not normal names. So they were like made up words. So it was like no Gasser and zig and like all these really things. So they were showing the one show anyone showing you all this stuff. I mean it went on forever. I started thinking it was messing up because it was going on too long. I was like oh finally it ended and it said that now it was going to show me a series of shapes and I had to pick from the bottom what I thought the name of it was, But there was no logic to it whatsoever because like they would show the same shape in a different color to have a totally different names. So it was like you couldn't quite figure it out, but I mean it was crazy. So I just sort of did what I thought like what everybody paid like 10 bucks. I was like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Guys.
SPEAKER_L: they didn't my brain after a while, but I was just like, well whatever. I was interesting because I think it was somebody about language development and something I remember um interesting.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah, they're fun and it's like I do, I think of it as just like money to like not put towards my bills just to cover random things I buy just like food or like makeup or just like dumb things like that will cancel it out when I do these.
SPEAKER_L: I told you do the same thing, I just use it, I leave it in Paypal, like I transferred to Paypal and anything, I use Paypal for Ebay or like anything like that. Like I will just pay it from there. So yeah, I mean I have $100 and they're just not. So.
SPEAKER_R: how we use. Yeah. It's just like you never even spent it if you just
SPEAKER_L: Never.
SPEAKER_R: have it in there doesn't even show up on your card statement.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I don't, I don't do Ebay very often. It has to be something that like, I don't know like the other, the last thing I think I bought on Ebay was some barbie that my cousin wanted for her birthday. I know that sounds really weird
SPEAKER_R: Mm and up.
SPEAKER_L: like the day of the dead barbies like you know from that you know little skull face and you know so we spent like this crazy amount of time looking for it in stories, I'm like you know what, I'm just gonna go on Ebay and they were selling it for some obscene price, I think I paid like $110 for it or you could have bought it for like 30 or something like that, but I didn't because she really wanted it and that way we definitely have it and like whatever, I don't want it on it, like whatever we're just, it was,
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's the last thing I bought on Ebay. Yeah, okay,
SPEAKER_R: You definitely remind me of my and a little bit because she loves to like do shopping and like find this really cool things that we would love. But she definitely likes to find a deal of like, she'll search for like hours and hours to find like the best things. Like she's always on like Lord and taylor like Nordstrom rack and like always finding really nice stuff for super cheap.
SPEAKER_L: I love a good deal to. Yeah, but especially I know someone's really going to like it or really use it. I'm happy to sort of um but Wayfair sort of like a website that has like a lot of deals and like my cousin had seen, this is another cousin, this candy cane christmas tree, you know candy corn christmas tree for Halloween decorations she'd
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: seen on interest and I found it on the way there and so I accepted to her because then they don't have to worry about shipping it to her either. So it was crazy. So that was her birthday present in august today. We have Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's super sweet.
SPEAKER_L: the Internet shopping but okay I think we've done our 25 minutes I think so,
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: so nice talking to you though.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you too. It was very nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah and so I guess I think we just close out the screen thing here but okay but yeah it's 11 30 so I think we're I think we're good and I'm sure we'll have things to do today, but you know, I'll take care and I'll tell
SPEAKER_R: Need
SPEAKER_L: you what
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: happened on the prolific thing, so
SPEAKER_R: thank you. It's nice meeting you.