Good. How are you
doing?
Oh hi I'm Caitlin. I'm in California. Yes.
What
time?
No I haven't.
Okay it's 9:00.
morning time
Where were you studying?
No
that's awesome.
man.
I right now I work at a construction office as an office assistant but I am studying
architecture right now at school. Did that? Yeah it's been very fun. It's a good area to,
yes. Yeah houses need to be built.
now
that's
amazing
thank you for doing that. My
grandpa has Alzheimer's
but
yeah It's
one.
definitely.
I do I have two dogs right now but my mom she works at the S. P. C. A. So we usually have a lot more animals than that. But right now we just have two dogs. We have an english
bulldog and a catahoula hounds are both big. Big size dogs.
Do you have any pets?
all
good
guys
and get home. Oh,
with the, the video disappeared.
no, no um
receive,
it
just had like, okay, that's good. There's just a little like icon like of like a human silhouette microphone. Mhm
No.
I don't
know either. Okay. Uh huh
Okay. Yeah, I'll let you know if it comes back up, but
we can just continue then.
I know right before too.
actually I was right next to one over in
Carmel. I live in Salinas which is near like
caramel, Big sur Monterey, so I was near a couple of big fires happening. There was one called the river fire which was in my town. Salina's luckily it didn't get too close to any
of our fields because we're in ac
town,
so we have law fields
and like a lot of greenery, so I didn't get any of that thankfully. But yeah, it's been crazy.
Yeah, it was not
looking good. We were all kind of scared for a minute there virus up. Sweet your videos back on. Okay.
they just
kept
getting
But yeah.
I knew a few people that lost their homes, which is a big bummer. It got really bad out here, but luckily no one, everyone's safe. Everyone's alive.
How's the?
Oh sorry, go ahead.
wow, that's awesome.
just
the
idea.
Good.
There you go. Were there um, what was happening in texas? I thought there was some kind of like, there weren't hurricanes. I know that was in texas,
but Right.
Wrong.
That is and all the way from africa to
that's insane.
I
shouldn't
do that.
That's good. Okay. Yes.
No just little shakes.
We haven't had anything about over here, luckily but yeah I know that like san Francisco in those areas they get pretty bad.
And
Yeah I've slept through a lot of them. I never really noticed them.
I
got
I would freak out about that.
like
this.
Yeah. You knew,
do you have kids?
blossom.
No no. Yeah no kids. My my sister she is kids so I have two nieces and one nephew
there. Yeah they're awesome. I love them. They
were living
that's nice part. It's like being a mom without the responsibility
but
Oh they were living with us for a little while to and that was actually really fun because we got to like help raise them too.
I really liked hanging
out with them a lot. But there six and 7 now I think. And then my dearest niece, she's six months old I think.
She's
that's
bummer.
I'm
still figuring that round out, but that's way down the line to figure that out.
I I learned from my sister because she had kids when she was young and she had like back to back kids when she was young. So it was just
such a like a big deal and I just saw like old stress and just all that. It was like no, I'm going to finish school first and then think about that.
yeah. That is definitely like, that's like that's funny.
Nice. The bunch.
honestly it's kind of hard
to tell
our county is a little bit weird because we're very much an outdoor county because of Monterey. Like like to go out to the beach and we have a lot of tourism here, like a ton with like the aquarium and like pebble Beach and like all the fancy areas that we have. So we're still getting a lot of tourists, which isn't good, but everyone is pretty much wearing their masks. It's
not really a problem anymore. So the cases are still going up in our county, but it's not terrible. I'm not super sure. It's kind of confusing sometimes because it
seems like we're doing great. But then I look at the cases and it's still rising so like, like, I don't know.
I received
It's always funny when you see like I'm going to the grocery store or the different store like we're all walking up and like either putting our mass or someone forgets and like shoot. And I turned
around to go
get
it.
Hold
period.
Yeah. It's gonna be weird without trick or treating, but I'm so excited to watch like movies and eat some candy. I'm still going to try to make it Halloween.
Like.
What?
I love the holidays in like the holiday spirit, but I don't know if we can afford that this year. It's
But
And
yeah, I'm grateful that I didn't get it because I was living in uh san luis Obispo which is a little bit of North I was going to school over there and I wasn't, I was working a job that was like in customer service and like a food service, it was a pizza place, so I was around people all the time, so it didn't feel super safe. But then once I had to move back for school reasons, I I stopped like I stopped socializing. I got a job. It's like a smaller companies that way. I'm not around a lot of people because I do visit my grandparents, mom here, like my niece and nephew, my sister. So it's just, it's too, I don't want to get any of them sick if I get sick.
No.
I'm
lots
of regulations.
Yeah, I hate being nervous about it, but I just, it feels better to be more careful about it, like very safe and sorry at this point
about
it's
possible.
no. Yeah, I definitely try to. That's
scary.
I totally get that.
Trip.
Oh my gosh I had to find a printer for my company because it's still kind of up and running right now if you just got into office over getting new supplies and all that and I went to go buy a printer for them and it's like the new toilet paper like there are no printers anywhere in California. Like I was trying to find one and I was going place to place like every single one of them.
it click once I went to like the third place was like what's going on and then it just wasn't got away.
huh.
There.
Aaron
Yeah my grandma got very excited when she figured out she could buy them on bulk online so she just started sending it to like my family, Arizona family
here, she was just shipping it to everyone.
Yeah and like the, when you were only allowed to buy like one at a time or two at a time, it's crazy. I was trying to buy distilled water for my dad's Cpap machine and you couldn't buy distilled water more than one of them, it's like okay, drinking
everything.
and over his.
Yeah, I'm glad we're somewhat past that.
like kind of what it was.
Um on the phone, Not really. I played video games with my dad, that's like the thing, we do it to like Bond I guess, but we play like uh she, what did we play? Lots? It's just like the Call of Duty, like shooter games, those types of things. We play those a lot. Do you play any games?
That's awesome. It's a long time.
What?
That's
that's
super cool. They like recognize the people that play on it for
so long.
Oh yeah, that was a big thing for a while.
Nice.
Yeah,
definitely still happens. I have some classmates that's so quiet. Um like when a zoom call, like one dude had to leave the zoom call. So there was like a really good hotspot going on. Okay.
Yeah.
I just started doing it because it seems like they're only usually studies in the morning. So I kind of like to do it before I start classes before I start my day. So
that's what I usually and like it's easy money. I like that. It's like study through the university so it's like legit. How long have you can using it?
Yeah. It's kind of fun.
I only got a few of those is usually based off of sleep or exercise. This mainly when I get those like you like show screenshots of what you do. Yes.
Guys.
That's cool. Yeah, they're fun and it's like I do, I think of it as just like money to like not put towards my bills just to cover random things I buy just like food or like makeup or just like dumb things like that will cancel it out when I do these.
how we use. Yeah. It's just like you never even spent it if you just
have it in there doesn't even show up on your card statement.
Mm and up.
That's awesome.
You definitely remind me of my and a little bit because she loves to like do shopping and like find this really cool things that we would love. But she definitely likes to find a deal of like, she'll search for like hours and hours to find like the best things. Like she's always on like Lord and taylor like Nordstrom rack and like always finding really nice stuff for super cheap.
Hi.
That's super sweet.
I think so.
Yeah, you too. It was very nice.
Need
to
thank you. It's nice meeting you.