SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, go on
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm sorry, I don't I don't hear anything uh on your side.
SPEAKER_R: about now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Sorry, are you interface to turn down a bit?
SPEAKER_L: Very good, I'm just gonna set a timer, so that way we make sure we get the 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually had one set of my phone as well too, but go ahead and start yours. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: All right, so um tell me about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm a musician who was just basically on prolific just to make a liberation money on the side. Uh Yeah, I just play guitar and all that. And right now I'm just trying to get more students, you know, trying to make money given the situation with the Covid and all that, best I can do in the meantime. So
SPEAKER_L: that's cool,
SPEAKER_R: what about
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: thought about learning guitar too, I used to play piano and violin growing up, but I haven't played in like two years now almost just because I've gone off to college, but yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I get that. I do piano as well too, but it's like my secondary instrument, you know, I just kind of practice for the sake of practicing it. But guitar is my main thing.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So do you like teach must at the time or do you do like little gigs and so?
SPEAKER_R: I teach. Yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: awesome.
SPEAKER_R: everything being closed. I mean, it's not many gigs I can really do, but I did land uh like a kind of a big thing, I guess you could call it helping out with like a live stream. So like uh this classical guitar society, I'm a part of, they'll do like live stream events here and there. Uh if it's at like a, like a specific place, like we're going to do the live stream at a location, they'll have me come in to kind of help set things up and my doctor just to basically set up the live stream and make sure everything's like connected well and things like that and I get paid to do that.
SPEAKER_L: wow, it sounds good. Yeah, so how long have you been teaching before, Corona and everything?
SPEAKER_R: Uh teaching for a couple of years now I think, I don't know exactly when, because I had like one student I have currently who have had him for like years, he was the first student. I thought, I want to say that was about two years ago, roughly. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you do
SPEAKER_R: what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: um like kids from like, I don't know like what age group do you teach mostly?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I don't really have like any age restriction except it's sort of like little little kids like, you know, if they're, you know, attention span is like that of a squirrel, you know, probably the best time for them to learn instrument. Huh? I think the youngest child I've ever had was seven I believe, but she was really smart kid anyway. So I mean she liked the instrument. She's learned piano, but she was really smart. Did her work and all that. But I mean for me differently matter age wise, I mean, as long as they're capable of learning, I can teach them. My oldest, I think is like In her 70's, I believe, somewhere around there, but she's also make really great progress. She's been at it for a long time,
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Yeah. Um I've had a little experience with teaching myself, like I worked previously at like a math tutoring place called Magnesium and I teach kids from like um elementary up into high school, like just tutoring the math and stuff and we have like a curriculum for them as well, but most of the time they bring in like their math homework and stuff and then we just like help them out with that and like teaching them uh basics and stuff, just keeping them on top of their school stuff mostly. And um over the summer I worked at like a daycare, it's technically a preschool, but the way it operates as more daycare like, so I worked with a lot of kids are as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know quite a few babysitters and like daycare workers, things like that. I know my, my sister's friend, she works at a day care and I was always asking her when she came by like, you know what, what's it like they're giving with Covid and all that and she said, I think her like class size like dwindled a lot. She used to have like more than like 10 kids, but like now she's doing like only like three at a time or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, definitely, the class sizes have gone smaller. Um they don't really have any restrictions, like as in like requiring like the kids to wear face masks and stuff, they don't have any of that, at least where I'm working, like they only require the staff and employees to wear, which is kind of concerning because it can still be like transmitted through kids as well and uh I stopped working there recently because of uh two of my coworkers I believe had Covid tested, so I wanted to stop working and wait until this passes over because that's just too close for comfort for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My uh well, obviously my participate negative, but my father got tested recently, but he hasn't said anything back to me. So I'm hoping that means it came out negative because I feel like if it was positive he should definitely tell us. But yeah, I mean for lessons for me, I'm trying to get back and doing like in person lessons, however, you know the rules, obviously we're both going to wear masks and we're going to keep our distance from each other, you know,
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: other than that, I mean there's no like there's no like physical contact whatsoever, you know, even before all this, I just sat in a chair, talk to them basically and the only contact would be from like touching the same page or something that I have to like take something, write something down and put it back, but that's about it and this is like minimal contact anyways,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Do you teach in like a studio or something or?
SPEAKER_R: no, I go to the students home, it's much more, much more convenient for the student and plus I don't have to pay for the studio fees because I thought about that, but if I did I would have to charge my students like an insane them out, you know, to cover that cost and for me to profit off of that and it's just like I'm trying to make my lessons affordable here,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I'm guessing um you live in texas because you have that texas flag in the back or?
SPEAKER_R: so that's not the texas flag, that is the Chilean flag which is obviously very
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: similar. Yeah the texas flag is like all blue on that half as the stars in the middle. But you're not the first person to think that was the texas flag.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Gotcha man, I feel so dumb. But
SPEAKER_R: No no it's an honest one break. Yeah so yeah your company you're not the first person to confuse the flags you know?
SPEAKER_L: have you visited chile before or?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Twice one was out when I was too young to even remember except vague memories and another time when I was like 13 14 somewhere around there. Uh Yeah I visit there it was summer here but in the southern hemisphere it's winter there so when I visited it was like freezing cold and plus we went to I wanna say it's punta arenas is like the closest or as I put arenas reported amount where you're as close to getting to the antarctic as possible.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's so cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it was cold,
SPEAKER_L: But does it snow there?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm sure it does, but I didn't know what we were there. I mean we did go up to like a like a mountain area, we like didn't go into the mountains but like at the foothills and they were like snow covered everywhere, but at the homes we were visiting, the homes of my relatives and other places we visited. Uh there was no snow but I'm pretty sure it does. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I've been out of the country I think 56 times technically I've traveled to Canada japan um Hong kong Taiwan and um mainland china. I consider it like separate because Hong kong and china really two different things. Um But like you know I love traveling a lot, I wish I could travel more but obviously traveling is expensive and especially now with Covid it's not the time to travel but have you gone to any
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: other place eventually
SPEAKER_R: on that.
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No chile is the only place I don't really travel much because I for one don't have much reason to other than like vacation and stuff like that. But to like you said is expensive. So yeah, I mean I would like to but to me it's like
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: want to travel somewhere and like that I don't know how to speak the language there because I feel like such a tourist, the only language I can kind of speak english is spanish, which I'm still learning currently but I'm not fluent yet. However I did see the whole thing where it was like a device where it was like a translator, this guy I think was
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: like you know like Japan or china or something that you just speak into it and then they would says I'm back and it's funny to see their reactions because they were like what the guy doing, he just spoken language whatever and then put in front of them that it spoke the language and they were freaking out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen this before, I don't know how how much I trust those but it's better than nothing. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I mean the way it's just like uh a device that's just google translate, you know and google translate is not the best but the way I say, I think it's like the more formal you speak, the better it works because it's probably not the best at picking up like slurs or idioms or things like that, you know, it just doesn't translate. Well, I assume
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how how much spanish do you know like what level would you write yourself?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, intermediate, I guess. I mean, I'll tell you all the time, I can understand spanish much better than I can reply. And I actually, over the summer I took this course called lingo to have you ever heard of that? Where it's just basically like online uh Uh language lessons with a teacher, you know, it's like little group classes here and there, so you basically pay for a month of classes so that I think is like 15 classes a month and you just sign up for classes whenever, you know, whenever there's a teacher available teaching a certain subject, uh I started using that and I got much better at replying because for me like yeah I may understand the language but I'm trying to like speak it, I need to actually have a conversation and the way I found like the way to do it is just you know form basic sentences but make them long like don't just give like one word replies like see no Kiss as you know different one word answers like that. It's best to just you know form a simple sentence but make sure that it's like a full sentence.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I gotcha. I took spanish um starting in middle school up until like the end of high school, so I did like four years of spanish um During that time like I feel like I understood spanish better than because it's been a while since I practiced. But like yeah, I always found listening and understanding and reading especially a lot more easier than like we're flying back to someone because you have to like process what they're saying and it's like okay now like how do I say about but I am taking like a spanish course uh this upcoming semester, it's spanish for like healthcare professionals since I'm a nursing leader. So it's mostly like medically based vocabulary is what I assume we're gonna be learning but it's still better than uh nothing, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh What school you're going to now for your nursing major?
SPEAKER_L: Um I gotta ut Austin I've been going there for technically three years now, so I'm on my junior um and I'm gonna be starting my clinic als this semester. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I started or.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry what?
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry. Uh I was just gonna say I started uh with like music education as my degree to teach but it was geared more towards like teaching a classroom and I wasn't really what I was all about, I was more like interested just teaching like one on one, you know, lessons, it's a lot easier and plus teachers are paid poorly now and it's probably gonna be even worse, you know? So I figured, you know, switch over and what I switched over to is uh SRT, which is sound recording technology, so basically I'm just an audio engineer.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. What school did you go to for that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm still currently going to school, but I'm almost done. I'm going to go, do you, yep old Dominion university.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I don't I don't know much about um like sound technology and stuff, but my brother is actually an audio file. He has like a whole set of and stuff like he loves like having high quality stuff on his computer. I don't I don't like every time he talks about it just goes in one ear out the next cause I'm like so lost
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: about. But
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: hope he's not
SPEAKER_L: into
SPEAKER_R: the kind
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: of guy
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that like splurges money on like the most expensive equipment when there's actually no discernible difference in quality because that is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: that people fall for
SPEAKER_L: like, what would you consider to be like outrageous?
SPEAKER_R: uh anything that uh don't say anything, it's like thousands of dollars that promises like, like top of the line audio quality, mainly because there isn't really anything that's going to enhance the audio quality other than just like exporting it in like a certain file, like a format, things like that. It's weird cause like a lot of things like going to the quality, you know, it's not gonna be like one thing is going to fix it because you can have the most top dollar thing, but if you compress it down to like a simple file, it's gonna sound like crap, you know? So I don't really believe that some of these things can really enhance the audio. It's more like uh they can kind of remove someone like the dirt and things like that. It's kinda hard to explain why I'm like an actual example, but the best I can describe it, like it's like uh okay, let me put it to you this way. So when I worked at a guitar center for a couple of years when I was like a salesperson and people would ask me all the time, you know, does the price, is it worth it for certain things? Like a cable? Like a cable, you plug into your guitar to your aunt. Do you need What's called the Mugabi Platinum, which are over $100 worth of cable which are like 28, ft not long but still. And I told them unless you have thousands of dollars of quality tone in your guitar, that needs that kind of cable to carry all that to an amp that is also high dollar and capable of holding all that quality. It's pointless because you know the money that you put into the stuff, it's also paying for brand name. It really is. Because if you want like actual practical use out of this stuff, you don't need the most expensive stuff, you know? Because there's like a line where it stops being about the quality of the product and starts being about the brand name, you know, just paying extra for, you know, a fancy logo on it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. As far as I know, he does not have anything that's like that expensive. Like he has, I think Some sun visors I want to say like they were like $300. That's probably his most expensive like audio setup. He's got, he's got like um like what's it called? Like a jack or that little like box thing that he has on his desk and like yes, some other headphones too. But like they're less expensive and the Sennheiser is, but I think he I think he mentioned it before that like yeah, like like there's no point in spending thousands for when the difference is like minimal, it's not worth the price. It's just it's just ridiculous unless you have like money like to like spare just because you want to blow your money on it. But like it's ridiculous for to pay that much, especially if you're not doing anything that's like studio level or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Another problem is to that uh you as the recording artists may be able to hear these differences, but if you're trying to get your music out to other people, chances are they're not going to be listening to it through like high quality headphones, you know? So all the all the money you spent into creating like a sound that is just absolutely perfect, may not work well for somebody who's wearing imperfect year, you know? So unless it's for yourself, for yourself, like you're trying to record to listen to your own stuff and you want to hear all the little nuances that you can then cool by all means do so if you, if you can afford it, why not? But if your expectation is to get your music out there to like, you know, sell your music and things like that, then things like that are a factor. You need to consider the fact that, you know, not everybody's going to be listening to your music through the most expensive equipment out there. And that's even like a uh audio engineering trick they tell us is that when you're doing your mixing and editing other stuff, listen through your speakers, listen to it through headphones, listen to it through your phone. I heard some guy say listening to your car speakers, you know, you'll be able to hear all sorts of different things when you're listening through each of those uh methods. You know, you can maybe tell like the base is too high if you're listening through headphones, maybe the mid ranges are two muddied up if you listen to your car speakers, whatever, you know, it's just listening to different mediums in order to hear the differences and to kind of hear from the audience perspective, you know if they're going to be hearing from their car from their phone or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, because it doesn't make sense like especially for like the average person, I don't, me personally, I would say that like I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between like good quality sound versus not because I'm not a picky person. You know, I just listened with like regular here, but it's just all my phone or whatever. But like for him he loves hearing it like the best that he can get it as a right now. And like, you know, that's just his thing respect that um he gets a lot of his music illegally through priority and stuff. But you know this this like, I don't know, I think it's pretty interesting there like listening to it on his headphones, but I just don't have like the money or the patients to like get into that's kind of thing. But you know, you do you I guess.
SPEAKER_R: I mean for me it's just I need to be able to hear as many frequencies as possible, which is why these aren't my mixing headphones, I just use these for casual stuff like casual listening. But these right here these couple my ears so I can't really hear anything else outside of this, but I can hear like everything in these and that's what I want to because I need to be able to hear all the frequencies as possible. So that way when I'm editing is like that, I'll know if something sounds off, you know because apparently my hearing is actually decaying and a faster rate than I thought because I saw this video where it was basically playing a frequency that was getting higher and higher and higher. And it's used to test like okay what's the loudest frequency you can hear? Because theoretically speaking the limit is 20 1000 hertz is the highest frequently human can hear. But that's to be like babies like you know, they're the only ones who can hear that because your ears get older over time. Mine stopped it like I want to say 9600, which is not good because they should not be decay that passed. I mean it's not the frequencies that need to be concerned with but it's concerning that I'm still young and my hearing is a little lower than I thought it would because it's crazy because you can hear it's just like a little just getting like you know getting up there like really high in pitch and then suddenly just stops, you just can't
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: hear anything
SPEAKER_L: looks crazy. Whoa. Is it because like you listen to loud music often or just because?
SPEAKER_R: Matter is definitely a factor describe it turned it down. I mean I I even had like a rule when I drive around in my car, I mean I don't set the volume above like 30 and apparently they didn't do much, but then again I start doing that like a couple of years ago, that does not account for all like the years in high school where I had like headphones in and I crank that thing up loud.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm pretty sure my hearing is probably diminished because I like going to concerts and stuff. I've been clubbing before
SPEAKER_R: that would be
SPEAKER_L: too. I haven't tested by hearing though. I'm gonna curious as to how high I can hear. But um yeah, I have a bad habit of like listening to music like at a louder volume and I try to restrict myself as well, but it's like a bad habit sometimes I'm just like uh
SPEAKER_R: The music
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: hearing
SPEAKER_R: more enjoyable
SPEAKER_L: is stupid.
SPEAKER_R: when louder because it like it drowns out everything else quickly. And plus some of the music I listen to, there's like key pivotal moments that you just want to turn up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, sometimes I just feel like blasting music in my car because I'm just in the mood, you know? But like in my hearing is like uh maybe that's not a good idea.
SPEAKER_R: and I wish more music, I actually did that automatically. Uh but unfortunately like uh with Spotify there's not really like rules against it, but you know, you want to make sure your music is like nice and leveled, that's not too loud or too quiet, so they'll do what's called compression which kind of like level things out, but you know that does make the music a little stagnant, you know, I would much rather the music the organic, like if there's a loud part let it get louder, you know? But I would imagine they don't want to do that because you know people I would listen to the music not knowing that and maybe having too high and then it gets to the really loud part and then they'll blow their speakers out or something. Oh
SPEAKER_L: What kind of music do you listen to?
SPEAKER_R: big question there because I don't really like exclude anything. I mean I kind of open up to anything. Uh But to give you a basic rundown uh mostly japanese rock, honestly that's like my favorite genre.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: My favorite band is japanese. Uh I like Like like 80s pop, that was really good pop uh metal. I can get into that uh Mongolian metal, that's a recent one I like. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I haven't heard that one before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah uh Latin music. Getting into that little bit of reggae. I got a friend of mine, he's in school, he's a reggae kind of guy. I'm kind of warming up to that genre because of him. Yeah I mean I have like a lot of different genres and my Spotify songs. Um But I would say to sum it up it's mostly like rock oriented.
SPEAKER_L: Got to make some discuss your guitar player. And do you do like um acoustic or what kind of guitar do you use?
SPEAKER_R: I do an acoustic mostly and I play like a finger style, so I'm always playing like plucking with my right hand.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Have you seen this um Youtuber? He's like guitarist as well. Um his name is like Sung ha joon, he's just like korean american guitarist and he does some really good acoustic. Like I love his stuff
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: might
SPEAKER_L: you have time,
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely recommend you check them out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I might have heard of him. I know I followed quite a few uh and I follow a couple of japanese guitar players. Was it C. G. E Gaza? He's a good acoustic player. Um uh Ithaca he's an electric player that he is insane, like the speed at which he moves, he's like robotic. But I mean people, people accused him of speeding up his videos and like the audio, like like manually
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: speeding
SPEAKER_L: so crazy,
SPEAKER_R: it up. But no, he didn't play that fast. That's just what's crazy about him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you know how to play electric or you've like? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's not like I'm not like an expert in electric, like playing with the picking hand. My expertise is mostly finger style, but I can still like play electric because people ask that, you know, it's like, what's the difference between like acoustic electric, you know, It's really just the way you play, you know, because um and I mean like, like stylistically how you play. Well, it doesn't mean that you can't play on one or the other, you know, Because playing with a pic with an electric is pretty much the same field is playing with an acoustic, you know? Not really that much of a discernible difference between the two.
SPEAKER_L: What uh what makes you prefer acoustic more I guess? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's wasn't really of my I never said like one of my choice, but when I started going to school for music, we had to take lessons. And the only thing they had for guitar was classical guitar. So that's pretty much how I got started there. It was either classical, well, I don't think they had anything other than classical guitar lessons. So that's all I had to take it you know So I took it and it's ironic because finger style was the style I never thought I'd be into because I never thought I'd be coordinated enough to play with two fingers. But your old years later it's my best style now.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. I like the irony. Like I personally like for me it's kind of like similar to, because I was like growing up, I was like, I'm gonna do something band related, but like I ended up doing orchestra instead and I ended up falling in love with it, too. Like I guess it's just kind of weird that you find the things that you like in like this is that you don't expect to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's like I don't mean classical guitar is not like my favorite thing but it is pretty challenging like you know I do it for the technique and search and yeah I mean I don't them to other jobs because of it like right now I'm learning a percussive guitar which is pretty fun.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Well, it was nice talking to you. Um I hope you have a good thing or night, depending on what time zone you're in, but um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. At that time. Of course. All right take care.