Hello?
Oh I'm sorry, I don't I don't hear anything uh on your side.
Yeah, I can hear.
Very good, I'm just gonna set a timer, so that way we make sure we get the 25 minutes.
All right, so um tell me about yourself.
that's cool,
I
thought about learning guitar too, I used to play piano and violin growing up, but I haven't played in like two years now almost just because I've gone off to college, but yeah, that's cool.
Mhm. So do you like teach must at the time or do you do like little gigs and so?
awesome.
wow, it sounds good. Yeah, so how long have you been teaching before, Corona and everything?
Do
you do
um like kids from like, I don't know like what age group do you teach mostly?
That's cool. Yeah. Um I've had a little experience with teaching myself, like I worked previously at like a math tutoring place called Magnesium and I teach kids from like um elementary up into high school, like just tutoring the math and stuff and we have like a curriculum for them as well, but most of the time they bring in like their math homework and stuff and then we just like help them out with that and like teaching them uh basics and stuff, just keeping them on top of their school stuff mostly. And um over the summer I worked at like a daycare, it's technically a preschool, but the way it operates as more daycare like, so I worked with a lot of kids are as well. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, definitely, the class sizes have gone smaller. Um they don't really have any restrictions, like as in like requiring like the kids to wear face masks and stuff, they don't have any of that, at least where I'm working, like they only require the staff and employees to wear, which is kind of concerning because it can still be like transmitted through kids as well and uh I stopped working there recently because of uh two of my coworkers I believe had Covid tested, so I wanted to stop working and wait until this passes over because that's just too close for comfort for me.
that's good.
Mhm. Do you teach in like a studio or something or?
Mhm. Yeah, I'm guessing um you live in texas because you have that texas flag in the back or?
shit.
Okay. Gotcha man, I feel so dumb. But
have you visited chile before or?
Oh wow, that's so cool.
But does it snow there?
I've been out of the country I think 56 times technically I've traveled to Canada japan um Hong kong Taiwan and um mainland china. I consider it like separate because Hong kong and china really two different things. Um But like you know I love traveling a lot, I wish I could travel more but obviously traveling is expensive and especially now with Covid it's not the time to travel but have you gone to any
other place eventually
or?
this
is
I've
seen
I've seen this before, I don't know how how much I trust those but it's better than nothing. Uh
Yeah. So how how much spanish do you know like what level would you write yourself?
Yeah I gotcha. I took spanish um starting in middle school up until like the end of high school, so I did like four years of spanish um During that time like I feel like I understood spanish better than because it's been a while since I practiced. But like yeah, I always found listening and understanding and reading especially a lot more easier than like we're flying back to someone because you have to like process what they're saying and it's like okay now like how do I say about but I am taking like a spanish course uh this upcoming semester, it's spanish for like healthcare professionals since I'm a nursing leader. So it's mostly like medically based vocabulary is what I assume we're gonna be learning but it's still better than uh nothing, you know?
Um I gotta ut Austin I've been going there for technically three years now, so I'm on my junior um and I'm gonna be starting my clinic als this semester. Yeah. Um
Sorry what?
Nice. What school did you go to for that?
Okay. I don't I don't know much about um like sound technology and stuff, but my brother is actually an audio file. He has like a whole set of and stuff like he loves like having high quality stuff on his computer. I don't I don't like every time he talks about it just goes in one ear out the next cause I'm like so lost
about. But
he
into
that
stuff.
I
don't
like, what would you consider to be like outrageous?
Yeah. As far as I know, he does not have anything that's like that expensive. Like he has, I think Some sun visors I want to say like they were like $300. That's probably his most expensive like audio setup. He's got, he's got like um like what's it called? Like a jack or that little like box thing that he has on his desk and like yes, some other headphones too. But like they're less expensive and the Sennheiser is, but I think he I think he mentioned it before that like yeah, like like there's no point in spending thousands for when the difference is like minimal, it's not worth the price. It's just it's just ridiculous unless you have like money like to like spare just because you want to blow your money on it. But like it's ridiculous for to pay that much, especially if you're not doing anything that's like studio level or whatever.
Mhm. Yeah, because it doesn't make sense like especially for like the average person, I don't, me personally, I would say that like I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between like good quality sound versus not because I'm not a picky person. You know, I just listened with like regular here, but it's just all my phone or whatever. But like for him he loves hearing it like the best that he can get it as a right now. And like, you know, that's just his thing respect that um he gets a lot of his music illegally through priority and stuff. But you know this this like, I don't know, I think it's pretty interesting there like listening to it on his headphones, but I just don't have like the money or the patients to like get into that's kind of thing. But you know, you do you I guess.
That
looks crazy. Whoa. Is it because like you listen to loud music often or just because?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure my hearing is probably diminished because I like going to concerts and stuff. I've been clubbing before
too. I haven't tested by hearing though. I'm gonna curious as to how high I can hear. But um yeah, I have a bad habit of like listening to music like at a louder volume and I try to restrict myself as well, but it's like a bad habit sometimes I'm just like uh
my
hearing
is stupid.
Yeah, sometimes I just feel like blasting music in my car because I'm just in the mood, you know? But like in my hearing is like uh maybe that's not a good idea.
What kind of music do you listen to?
interesting.
I haven't heard that one before.
Got to make some discuss your guitar player. And do you do like um acoustic or what kind of guitar do you use?
Mhm. Have you seen this um Youtuber? He's like guitarist as well. Um his name is like Sung ha joon, he's just like korean american guitarist and he does some really good acoustic. Like I love his stuff
if
you have time,
I definitely recommend you check them out.
that's
so crazy,
Do you know how to play electric or you've like? Yeah,
What uh what makes you prefer acoustic more I guess? Mhm
interesting. I like the irony. Like I personally like for me it's kind of like similar to, because I was like growing up, I was like, I'm gonna do something band related, but like I ended up doing orchestra instead and I ended up falling in love with it, too. Like I guess it's just kind of weird that you find the things that you like in like this is that you don't expect to.
Mhm. Yeah. Well, it was nice talking to you. Um I hope you have a good thing or night, depending on what time zone you're in, but um