Okay, go on
about now.
Okay. Yeah. Sorry, are you interface to turn down a bit?
Yeah, I actually had one set of my phone as well too, but go ahead and start yours. Mhm.
Well, I'm a musician who was just basically on prolific just to make a liberation money on the side. Uh Yeah, I just play guitar and all that. And right now I'm just trying to get more students, you know, trying to make money given the situation with the Covid and all that, best I can do in the meantime. So
what about
you?
Right. Yeah, I get that. I do piano as well too, but it's like my secondary instrument, you know, I just kind of practice for the sake of practicing it. But guitar is my main thing.
I teach. Yeah, but
everything being closed. I mean, it's not many gigs I can really do, but I did land uh like a kind of a big thing, I guess you could call it helping out with like a live stream. So like uh this classical guitar society, I'm a part of, they'll do like live stream events here and there. Uh if it's at like a, like a specific place, like we're going to do the live stream at a location, they'll have me come in to kind of help set things up and my doctor just to basically set up the live stream and make sure everything's like connected well and things like that and I get paid to do that.
Uh teaching for a couple of years now I think, I don't know exactly when, because I had like one student I have currently who have had him for like years, he was the first student. I thought, I want to say that was about two years ago, roughly. Yeah,
so
what do you do?
I mean, I don't really have like any age restriction except it's sort of like little little kids like, you know, if they're, you know, attention span is like that of a squirrel, you know, probably the best time for them to learn instrument. Huh? I think the youngest child I've ever had was seven I believe, but she was really smart kid anyway. So I mean she liked the instrument. She's learned piano, but she was really smart. Did her work and all that. But I mean for me differently matter age wise, I mean, as long as they're capable of learning, I can teach them. My oldest, I think is like In her 70's, I believe, somewhere around there, but she's also make really great progress. She's been at it for a long time,
Yeah. I know quite a few babysitters and like daycare workers, things like that. I know my, my sister's friend, she works at a day care and I was always asking her when she came by like, you know what, what's it like they're giving with Covid and all that and she said, I think her like class size like dwindled a lot. She used to have like more than like 10 kids, but like now she's doing like only like three at a time or something like that.
Yeah. My uh well, obviously my participate negative, but my father got tested recently, but he hasn't said anything back to me. So I'm hoping that means it came out negative because I feel like if it was positive he should definitely tell us. But yeah, I mean for lessons for me, I'm trying to get back and doing like in person lessons, however, you know the rules, obviously we're both going to wear masks and we're going to keep our distance from each other, you know,
other than that, I mean there's no like there's no like physical contact whatsoever, you know, even before all this, I just sat in a chair, talk to them basically and the only contact would be from like touching the same page or something that I have to like take something, write something down and put it back, but that's about it and this is like minimal contact anyways,
no, I go to the students home, it's much more, much more convenient for the student and plus I don't have to pay for the studio fees because I thought about that, but if I did I would have to charge my students like an insane them out, you know, to cover that cost and for me to profit off of that and it's just like I'm trying to make my lessons affordable here,
so that's not the texas flag, that is the Chilean flag which is obviously very
similar. Yeah the texas flag is like all blue on that half as the stars in the middle. But you're not the first person to think that was the texas flag.
No no it's an honest one break. Yeah so yeah your company you're not the first person to confuse the flags you know?
Yes. Twice one was out when I was too young to even remember except vague memories and another time when I was like 13 14 somewhere around there. Uh Yeah I visit there it was summer here but in the southern hemisphere it's winter there so when I visited it was like freezing cold and plus we went to I wanna say it's punta arenas is like the closest or as I put arenas reported amount where you're as close to getting to the antarctic as possible.
Yeah. And it was cold,
Uh I'm sure it does, but I didn't know what we were there. I mean we did go up to like a like a mountain area, we like didn't go into the mountains but like at the foothills and they were like snow covered everywhere, but at the homes we were visiting, the homes of my relatives and other places we visited. Uh there was no snow but I'm pretty sure it does. Okay.
Not
on that.
Uh No chile is the only place I don't really travel much because I for one don't have much reason to other than like vacation and stuff like that. But to like you said is expensive. So yeah, I mean I would like to but to me it's like
I don't
want to travel somewhere and like that I don't know how to speak the language there because I feel like such a tourist, the only language I can kind of speak english is spanish, which I'm still learning currently but I'm not fluent yet. However I did see the whole thing where it was like a device where it was like a translator, this guy I think was
in
like you know like Japan or china or something that you just speak into it and then they would says I'm back and it's funny to see their reactions because they were like what the guy doing, he just spoken language whatever and then put in front of them that it spoke the language and they were freaking out. Mhm.
I mean the way it's just like uh a device that's just google translate, you know and google translate is not the best but the way I say, I think it's like the more formal you speak, the better it works because it's probably not the best at picking up like slurs or idioms or things like that, you know, it just doesn't translate. Well, I assume
yeah, intermediate, I guess. I mean, I'll tell you all the time, I can understand spanish much better than I can reply. And I actually, over the summer I took this course called lingo to have you ever heard of that? Where it's just basically like online uh Uh language lessons with a teacher, you know, it's like little group classes here and there, so you basically pay for a month of classes so that I think is like 15 classes a month and you just sign up for classes whenever, you know, whenever there's a teacher available teaching a certain subject, uh I started using that and I got much better at replying because for me like yeah I may understand the language but I'm trying to like speak it, I need to actually have a conversation and the way I found like the way to do it is just you know form basic sentences but make them long like don't just give like one word replies like see no Kiss as you know different one word answers like that. It's best to just you know form a simple sentence but make sure that it's like a full sentence.
Yeah. Uh What school you're going to now for your nursing major?
Yeah I started or.
Oh sorry. Uh I was just gonna say I started uh with like music education as my degree to teach but it was geared more towards like teaching a classroom and I wasn't really what I was all about, I was more like interested just teaching like one on one, you know, lessons, it's a lot easier and plus teachers are paid poorly now and it's probably gonna be even worse, you know? So I figured, you know, switch over and what I switched over to is uh SRT, which is sound recording technology, so basically I'm just an audio engineer.
I'm still currently going to school, but I'm almost done. I'm going to go, do you, yep old Dominion university.
but
I
hope he's not
the kind
of guy
that like splurges money on like the most expensive equipment when there's actually no discernible difference in quality because that is
something
that people fall for
uh anything that uh don't say anything, it's like thousands of dollars that promises like, like top of the line audio quality, mainly because there isn't really anything that's going to enhance the audio quality other than just like exporting it in like a certain file, like a format, things like that. It's weird cause like a lot of things like going to the quality, you know, it's not gonna be like one thing is going to fix it because you can have the most top dollar thing, but if you compress it down to like a simple file, it's gonna sound like crap, you know? So I don't really believe that some of these things can really enhance the audio. It's more like uh they can kind of remove someone like the dirt and things like that. It's kinda hard to explain why I'm like an actual example, but the best I can describe it, like it's like uh okay, let me put it to you this way. So when I worked at a guitar center for a couple of years when I was like a salesperson and people would ask me all the time, you know, does the price, is it worth it for certain things? Like a cable? Like a cable, you plug into your guitar to your aunt. Do you need What's called the Mugabi Platinum, which are over $100 worth of cable which are like 28, ft not long but still. And I told them unless you have thousands of dollars of quality tone in your guitar, that needs that kind of cable to carry all that to an amp that is also high dollar and capable of holding all that quality. It's pointless because you know the money that you put into the stuff, it's also paying for brand name. It really is. Because if you want like actual practical use out of this stuff, you don't need the most expensive stuff, you know? Because there's like a line where it stops being about the quality of the product and starts being about the brand name, you know, just paying extra for, you know, a fancy logo on it.
Yeah. Another problem is to that uh you as the recording artists may be able to hear these differences, but if you're trying to get your music out to other people, chances are they're not going to be listening to it through like high quality headphones, you know? So all the all the money you spent into creating like a sound that is just absolutely perfect, may not work well for somebody who's wearing imperfect year, you know? So unless it's for yourself, for yourself, like you're trying to record to listen to your own stuff and you want to hear all the little nuances that you can then cool by all means do so if you, if you can afford it, why not? But if your expectation is to get your music out there to like, you know, sell your music and things like that, then things like that are a factor. You need to consider the fact that, you know, not everybody's going to be listening to your music through the most expensive equipment out there. And that's even like a uh audio engineering trick they tell us is that when you're doing your mixing and editing other stuff, listen through your speakers, listen to it through headphones, listen to it through your phone. I heard some guy say listening to your car speakers, you know, you'll be able to hear all sorts of different things when you're listening through each of those uh methods. You know, you can maybe tell like the base is too high if you're listening through headphones, maybe the mid ranges are two muddied up if you listen to your car speakers, whatever, you know, it's just listening to different mediums in order to hear the differences and to kind of hear from the audience perspective, you know if they're going to be hearing from their car from their phone or whatever.
I mean for me it's just I need to be able to hear as many frequencies as possible, which is why these aren't my mixing headphones, I just use these for casual stuff like casual listening. But these right here these couple my ears so I can't really hear anything else outside of this, but I can hear like everything in these and that's what I want to because I need to be able to hear all the frequencies as possible. So that way when I'm editing is like that, I'll know if something sounds off, you know because apparently my hearing is actually decaying and a faster rate than I thought because I saw this video where it was basically playing a frequency that was getting higher and higher and higher. And it's used to test like okay what's the loudest frequency you can hear? Because theoretically speaking the limit is 20 1000 hertz is the highest frequently human can hear. But that's to be like babies like you know, they're the only ones who can hear that because your ears get older over time. Mine stopped it like I want to say 9600, which is not good because they should not be decay that passed. I mean it's not the frequencies that need to be concerned with but it's concerning that I'm still young and my hearing is a little lower than I thought it would because it's crazy because you can hear it's just like a little just getting like you know getting up there like really high in pitch and then suddenly just stops, you just can't
hear anything
Matter is definitely a factor describe it turned it down. I mean I I even had like a rule when I drive around in my car, I mean I don't set the volume above like 30 and apparently they didn't do much, but then again I start doing that like a couple of years ago, that does not account for all like the years in high school where I had like headphones in and I crank that thing up loud.
that would be
The music
is
more enjoyable
when louder because it like it drowns out everything else quickly. And plus some of the music I listen to, there's like key pivotal moments that you just want to turn up. Yeah.
and I wish more music, I actually did that automatically. Uh but unfortunately like uh with Spotify there's not really like rules against it, but you know, you want to make sure your music is like nice and leveled, that's not too loud or too quiet, so they'll do what's called compression which kind of like level things out, but you know that does make the music a little stagnant, you know, I would much rather the music the organic, like if there's a loud part let it get louder, you know? But I would imagine they don't want to do that because you know people I would listen to the music not knowing that and maybe having too high and then it gets to the really loud part and then they'll blow their speakers out or something. Oh
big question there because I don't really like exclude anything. I mean I kind of open up to anything. Uh But to give you a basic rundown uh mostly japanese rock, honestly that's like my favorite genre.
My favorite band is japanese. Uh I like Like like 80s pop, that was really good pop uh metal. I can get into that uh Mongolian metal, that's a recent one I like. Uh
Yeah uh Latin music. Getting into that little bit of reggae. I got a friend of mine, he's in school, he's a reggae kind of guy. I'm kind of warming up to that genre because of him. Yeah I mean I have like a lot of different genres and my Spotify songs. Um But I would say to sum it up it's mostly like rock oriented.
I do an acoustic mostly and I play like a finger style, so I'm always playing like plucking with my right hand.
I
might
have.
Yeah, I mean I might have heard of him. I know I followed quite a few uh and I follow a couple of japanese guitar players. Was it C. G. E Gaza? He's a good acoustic player. Um uh Ithaca he's an electric player that he is insane, like the speed at which he moves, he's like robotic. But I mean people, people accused him of speeding up his videos and like the audio, like like manually
speeding
it up. But no, he didn't play that fast. That's just what's crazy about him. Yeah.
I mean it's not like I'm not like an expert in electric, like playing with the picking hand. My expertise is mostly finger style, but I can still like play electric because people ask that, you know, it's like, what's the difference between like acoustic electric, you know, It's really just the way you play, you know, because um and I mean like, like stylistically how you play. Well, it doesn't mean that you can't play on one or the other, you know, Because playing with a pic with an electric is pretty much the same field is playing with an acoustic, you know? Not really that much of a discernible difference between the two.
Well, that's wasn't really of my I never said like one of my choice, but when I started going to school for music, we had to take lessons. And the only thing they had for guitar was classical guitar. So that's pretty much how I got started there. It was either classical, well, I don't think they had anything other than classical guitar lessons. So that's all I had to take it you know So I took it and it's ironic because finger style was the style I never thought I'd be into because I never thought I'd be coordinated enough to play with two fingers. But your old years later it's my best style now.
Yeah. I mean it's like I don't mean classical guitar is not like my favorite thing but it is pretty challenging like you know I do it for the technique and search and yeah I mean I don't them to other jobs because of it like right now I'm learning a percussive guitar which is pretty fun.
Yeah. At that time. Of course. All right take care.