doing good
here.
I mean Ames Iowa right now.
Ooh yeah
iced tea.
Oh yeah I've been there too and actually not from the States, I'm from Dubai. Yeah.
you can make that two.
How
is this english level?
Yeah I've been in the States for um I think it's about four years now I'm here for college
so
I would say.
so
mechanical engineering. Yeah
I hope so. Better pay off
you know
yep
great.
um Oh it's it was a bit of a struggle I'd say because I've been living on my own for about 4-5 ish months now because most of my roommates are from the state so they can go back home with family. Yeah on the top passage from my parents were if I chance if you come back to me by um there might be a chance that you won't be allowed to re enter
and priorities graduate and
that would
be
bad.
Well, I can, but I live in off campus housing because it's cheaper for me. Right.
Yeah. So yeah, I've been alone for like five ish months, but yeah, I've been managing. How about you?
Right. What concerns me is that I feel like people, yeah, I feel like people
like have this sort of way of life is like uh I don't normalizing it almost like making it like a normal thing, you know? And I don't feel like
that's
thing.
It shouldn't
be.
True.
even though
it doesn't directly affect me, I could like see that they go back home, like my parents could be directly affected, right?
So I don't see how they have that mentality. It's really weird to me.
I'm prolific. Um I started um I'd say a bit before quarantine, maybe a month before the quarantine started.
like um yeah, I feel like a lot of survey sites Either you like go through the process of writing, like answering the questions and they say that you're not qualified for this and you like 20 minutes down, line, you're like.
no.
it's
terrible.
Like why don't they have this one survey that just queens after all these other surveys, so you don't have to do them again and again and again, because I feel like the questions are just the same thing.
a lot of universities. Yeah.
I
don't
think I've gone those.
Actually.
No, I I usually don't um like don't do video, like audio calls
on,
is it?
I think the survey would like pop up again because I saw like you could do it again on like the notes
so
is it okay
I said
then
you
can do
it uh
I see
the
conversation was with the time at least, wow.
Same.
Yeah because I I bet like english tutoring would be a lot harder because you have to take control of the conversation guide the whole conversation. Right. Yeah yeah I
feel that.
I should yeah
like this is pretty easy
honestly.
is that
it is like a cautionary or is it like another video?
All
Now
I'm smiling
hard.
Different
just happened.
do that too,
wanted
to
control it. Yeah yeah
yeah I totally understand that.
idea.
I
assume that there would be some sort of prompts or questions that would have because I don't really know what the goal of this whole survey is. You know.
And then,
yeah I'm looking at
it right now. There's
no time
or two.
Great.
I
see, I
see.
That's pretty good. Yeah. I might do more of these um not necessarily with this survey but like more video call service because these are not as hard as I thought they were. Hey.
You
might
as
well. Yeah.
Oh it's like I'm from Dubai and it's a desert as you medicine. But
yeah, but it's hot here too. Like I'd say it comparable because at least in Dubai there's a C everywhere and you're barely outside and here.
I don't
really have a car
dry.
It's
always, yeah.
I'm sort of the exception where I preferred the winner to the point where I'd like to class every every day, even through the winter, you know? And like me coming from the desert, that's like not normal. But yeah,
like I
I feel like I'm
a warm warm body because like I immediately start sweating after a shower and I feel like it's always
Then
you start.
Yeah. I hated that about divide. Um But here, you know, it's really I love the cold compared to the heat. Like like I say, um if you had to choose the extreme cold and extreme heat and extremely hot, the only option is to like go into a place with a C. But it's extremely cold, you can just put on layers and you're good, you know?
Exactly. Unless
you're in France or in your
speech.
no,
no.
It sounds like
Ready.
Do they censor the whole show?
I
see.
You are,
And
naked and afraid
you
Yeah.
Have
you by chance heard of the Tiktok?
Yeah. That's why I'm bringing it up. Apparently it's supposed to be taken down today, saturday. Was it? Yeah. I think trump said that he would try to take it down as early as saturday. Yeah.
All right. So Tiktok is a really unique situation because usually tech companies are public limited companies. Right? So the records are there in the public, but Tiktok is a completely privatised company. And so they don't really have to like share information like that. And so, you know, they could, if they wanted to like steel and like record um user based information. So I think that was the issue.
But
you wouldn't
that's the worry. But I feel like the outrage is more uh worry than the risk of information. Like at least right now because I feel like this is a very volatile time and
everyone's
at home,
It's a lab in china
same.
100%.
That's right.
I
know
it but like I feel like the
states hasn't done what there's like I feel like it's mainly due to the um the lack of centralized government, you know because it's all state, state by state and I feel like something like as important as this should have some sort of federal jurisdiction, you know?
All
It doesn't have to mean that everyone should be treated the same but there is like a blueprint for everyone to follow and like has to follow. Not like a recommendation. Yeah I agree because
uh yeah you're
saying.
Oh yeah I mean
that
Yeah that's the sad thing. Have you heard of the recent change in the C.
D. C. To another organization when it comes to statistics in the US with the corona first
and
Through
Wait what is the reason for that? Apart from political reasons I feel?
It's
so blatantly biased because this new organization who is responsible for the statistics in the U. S. You can see a direct correlation to lake lower case numbers right? After the shift happens from the C. D. C. To this new york. So it's like you're having lower cases but because you're like
Exactly.
It's so
small.
I know it's honestly the perfect time if you don't want him to be like the president for next next time. Yeah.
He made a statement that it's never been a mail in ballot for like uh like in history, but like people who were in war or in like another country would want to just do it through the mail in ballot. So it's always
been the case. Yeah.
I
feel like in this way there is like any sort of it makes it a lot easier for everyone to vote, you know? Um It's the other way is like go in person and I remember reading about this like people like and uh lower income neighborhoods, right? These uh the place where you have to go to vote in. It's a lot harder because of the on purpose. I don't know if it's on purpose, but like their timings are really, really narrow and like it's made harder for them to vote at times and
you
can
early.
So it favors like
people have lower incomes. You tend to like I feel like vote for democrats, you know? And so you could target that sort of, you can implement that there and Yeah.
Make
it harder for them to late vote and then it's
good. Yeah.
I feel like
that's what
trump.
What's the danger level for you? Like is there an assessment for like how dangerous the coronavirus is for you personally?
potentially.
I
had
I know
I had a naive perception that you know, I just want to get it and get it over with because then I have the antibodies and I can't like give it to more people or not have to worry about contracting it again you know?
frequently
You have heard like recently that they found that people got the virus again 3-6 months later on like it's not like another virus where you get it once and you're good for like at least five or six years you know.
They
got
it
I
don't know what country but like they implemented this like sort of passport thing
which just basically proves that I got their own a virus and now I'm good and I can get back to the work but Yeah.
I have a question. So what is your opinion on vaccinations?
No, in general. I mean like have you heard of the anti-vaxxers?
Oh I'm so sorry for you to hear about this. But there is this movement of people way before the coronavirus I feel like a couple of years before that are completely against vaccinations in general.
What my worry is that because they're fast tracking the vaccination for the coronavirus? Right. Um there might be a chance that they could be side effects. Right. And so I wonder if these people would like use this as a reason to not ever use vaccinations again. You know, that's like my my worry because like, that could be a huge problem,
but.
And you get a booster I think when you're
like,
Another if you're not religious, the argument is that vaccines themselves have side effects. But the thing is the side effects are like so minute and like
they used that.
I mean it happens but not as much as if you didn't take the vaccine and die out of the disease itself like
Again,
It doesn't do as much harm as if you didn't get it. You know,
it's
frustrating.
It's it's
not
training.
My
morning routine
would
affect the numbers every morning and
then
So
did
we?
You're
super
polarizing.
Yeah, that's
definitely true.
Well
I opening for me was I was going through like the text back to my text with my girlfriend and I remember sending a message to her about the statistics of like how Italy is like at 80 K. And the U. S. Is on track to like catching up to them and how that was like so mind blowing. Like we could Italy with
80,000
Word. I had 50,000 cases in one day. That's
that's wild.
Jump the
gun.
great.
I
want to
see,
is going to be on something else I feel
She now has the hybrid system wherever she goes to
and
that's about
it for
me.
right. Um, I think they're like three states, um, I think it's Wisconsin Iowa, I'd say um, there's like another state close to Iowa, but there are three or four states that have zero mandate on masks, like it's nothing. Yeah.
Oh, that's
sad.
I
mean as long as she's taking her own precautions, you know, I don't see anything wrong with that.
see.
This
even works, is that? And then you have trombones and
when you're blowing air through everyone's
That's cool.
I
hope
it's the worst place to be because
every
blowing out air and that's
part of
the job.
did. That was
good.
Her conversation
To um Yeah, more
this
seems when I'll do some more too.
true.
You've
done
so many already.
Well,
thanks.
Great.
that was nice
talking
to
you.
I see
you.
Perfect. Um All right. How can I say?