Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah mm. Yeah. No. Okay mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Sure. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh mhm mm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. And thanks again. Yeah. Uh huh. Issue. Mhm. We got to do yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I feel like yeah. Mhm mhm mhm. Remember. Mhm. Hey, how are you?
Good,
Where are you located?
Yeah, you're in Ames Iowa I actually know where that is.
I've been through there before on the way across country. I'm
in Illinois.
I'm uh uh an english tutor on Cambly and I've actually talked to one person from you,
you with this tutoring thing, you talk to people all around the world that are trying to learn english and uh so it's it's interesting so you
know
um I think the person I talked to was pretty good at the, but I've only talked to one person from their, mostly it's people from like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, um India, um mostly on the other side of the world, you know?
Where
are you going to University of Iowa,
Iowa State? Okay. Cool.
What what's your field of study?
You're gonna be rich one of these days.
That's
the goal, right? Yeah,
that's, that's good. Um
So how is um, how is the whole virus thing affecting you? Yeah.
correct.
And
you
can't
live on campus. Right.
that makes sense.
you know after the initial shock wears off, you just get into a routine of what you have to do in certain situations. I don't go that many places still even though things are opened a little bit more.
And
And
it isn't
it and it isn't normal at all, you
have
to be vigilant and um you know, unfortunately it's it's uh people in your age group, you know, college age that are the majority of them are kind of dismissing it as not not important or not real or something
like that, but as we can see now, um there are consequences to people
obviously.
yeah.
I agree. Hey, how long have you been on prolific?
I've been on a little bit longer than that, I really like it as as far as survey sites go, it's the best out there. Um
They're screen
out process. It's terrible. There's one that's really bad for that And I'm slowly edging my way towards like one payment and then I won't do it anymore. But branded surveys is terrible.
You'll spend,
you spend 15, 20 minutes like you said. And then oh I'm sorry there's nothing available for.
they are. And then the other thing that I like about prolific more than any other is there um academic based you know
And I think they're very interesting. I've had, gosh I've had several like on crime scenarios. I had one on bail. Um There are some that are just really interesting and the math ones, I really like the ones where you have to
do
them.
Well well you know they'll ask you those questions like you know if if one machine makes five things in what length of time, how much time does it take if you have X. Number of machines, some
of its algebra. Um And it's some of them are tree and thinking what doesn't make sense. And then I just promptly call my son because he's a math wizard and he says, oh yeah, it's five minutes, How did you get that? But uh, so there, it's interesting and I like, like have you done this live chat before?
I usually
don't either. I took advance on this one. This is my fourth one now. This
one, the thing is that in the instructions, the post instructions that we get up to this, it says you're allowed to do it up to four times. But they don't they don't say if it's within this this one week chat period that they have like what it started sunday or saturday and it goes through next saturday. They don't say whether it's four times total in that period of time or ever. So
It
will, but they won't keep track for you. Like this is my 4th 1. So
if if it is a 4th 1 Of all time, then I shouldn't do another one because I could do it but they wouldn't pay you or
but if it's 4th one in this one week period
then it's
my
second
then it's only the second one.
So and I wrote a message to them but I don't know if they'll if they'll respond to that,
so
well I had one yesterday, it was really fun, I mean I think it's fun and I finally got over the hurdle of doing this because of the english tutoring. It took me it took me like a month from the time I was accepted as a tutor to actually start because it was like oh I have to make my hair look this or whatever. So I what's easy is at least it's pretty much you know, as long as I have a clean shirt on, doesn't matter what else, you know and my, you know, my hair looks decent because you're only seen from you know, here up. Um And so but it still took me a month to get the courage to, I put myself out there, you know, So
so that made this time with this a little bit easier, you know?
and
I just think it's I mean it's fun, this is kind of fun doing it. Um and just learning how things are going elsewhere and for you, gosh, you should sign up another couple of times because
because
because
it's a good paying survey, I mean it's high dollar value. The stuff afterwards takes maybe Like 20 minutes. It's and it's
not
it's it's a questionnaire, you know,
they'll like they'll like say, you know, how much did your conversation partner smile or or not smile or how engaged
were
they?
Yeah. You know,
and you know like I have a bad habit like if you were starting to talk about something and it struck a bell, I have a really bad habit of like breaking
in. Uh
and so that's one of those things like I try and control it, but it's only out of, oh yeah, I'm excited about it. It's not because like I routine,
they
dropped
but
it's just it's how you rate the questioner afterwards is how you rate yourself as a as a conversation partner and then how you rate the person that you talked to.
Um and I there's no right or wrong and you know, you'll never hear anything about it afterwards, but it's interesting and it doesn't it doesn't take that long, maybe like 20 minutes, something
like that.
I'm not sure of the of the goal either, but during this conversation that we're having, there's no props, it's just all we do is Talk for 25 minutes. You can talk longer if you want. And then, you know, we mutually end the call. Then you go back to the other tab where you got the link and go to the bottom and there's a little
next uh
next
one.
But
but you don't do that until we're done with the call.
Then when, when they click next, it will go on to all the questions
that
are
both conversation.
No, they're not. And I mean what's nice is you were on time yesterday? I was right on time today. It was just early because I was sitting here paying bills anyway on the computer, so I just thought, okay, I'll
just
be
ready,
you know? But uh how's how's weather out there right now?
Hot.
Isn't
human?
Is it a dry heat or a humid
heat in device?
Dry
so that would make here worse, like anil why where I am? It's hot and it's humid like, you know, 60 or higher percent and it just drains you, you know, I can't work outside for very long with that.
everything's
going to
be,
I I understand what you mean because that happens to me, especially if you're taking a shower because you're preparing to go somewhere, but then you may be a little bit nervous about where you're going
or you're
rushed, then it's like it defeated the whole purpose of But
Yeah. There is a limit to how much you can take off, so. Yeah.
Uh
Thank
you I suppose. Or you're preparing for naked and afraid. Have you ever wanted that show on
tv?
It's pretty interesting.
Well it's like a it's a challenge type show, it's on the discovery network and these people take on this challenge of of you know 14 days or 21 days or 40 days wherever they're going to drop them like in the Brazilian jungle or Colombia or wherever and
they're allowed a personal item and you know no clothes and
yes well you know they have all the parts cover that are supposed to
blow
and all of that and it's just a challenge show to see if they can make it and survive. It's a survivalist
show but check it, google it sometime, you'll
feel
this
out. Um But uh yeah I'm uh I've been watching it lately, my daughter got me hooked on it and then I didn't stop watching it but now I've now I had to set the DVR to just new episodes otherwise it would fill up with all the reruns. So um
with
lee
I've heard of tip talk but I also heard about it through the news and that there was a big problem with it.
And um what was the end result? What was the it was something about china spying on us through that?
and
we wouldn't know anything about it and
people are willing to put all of their info out there. Yeah.
Well yeah especially because
there's
well and there's some speculation that you know the whole virus thing wasn't just an accident and
the one thing that I do agree with, I don't agree with trump on very many issues but
I do agree that they could have told us sooner. If
they would have told us sooner, we could have ramped up and prepared, you know, and maybe not had as many people die or
contained it a bit sooner or something like that. But you know, in a couple months makes a pretty big difference in
something
like that,
hey?
Well and even though the government made a a plan for follow, it was left up to the individual states to follow the plan. Whereas like when they, when they did the like the pandemic assistance and it was federally funded and it went out universally to everybody who was,
you know, they should do the same thing. It should, it should be the plan should be followed coming from the top so that everybody's uniform. It could mean that certain sections that are not as exposed or don't have as many cases, there's a plan for them. There's a plan when you're at a another level and the plan if you're in dire straits.
and the
fact
that he's trying to slam dr Fauci uh
that
really bothers me because the only people that I really trust information from is Fauci burkes and actual scientists, I don't know what's going on with the C. D. C. Or the World Health Organization or anything like that. Maybe there's something to to whatever conspiracy theories out there or you know but I trust scientists and that the whole thing is becoming more political and that part
I
heard I heard that the the information
is not supposed to be passed to
the Cbc. But there are so many doctors out there they have a reporting chain that they followed forever. I can't I can't imagine them changing that.
Yeah. I don't I don't think that there's anything other than politics and there's no reason C. D. C. Is supposed to be scientific. It shouldn't be political at all. And trump is making it that way by starting this don't report you know stuff
it's.
Under reporting. Yes
not because they don't exist. Um And
and
you know trump it seems to me like now he's just trying to put dampen it down like make it seem not as serious because you know he's getting hard hit on his handling of it and he wants to get reelected. So
yeah it's that's a hard one already sent in for my mail in ballot. Of course that's all over the news to with saying well it's going to be the worst election ever if it's male in because it's not accurate and he'll content if he loses he'll contest, you know, He'll say
about
Well there's always been an option for Ellen ballot and there are lots of circumstances under which people have to do that. Like the older set that can't maybe can't get in, you know, or they're not ambulatory or something and they have to do it that way.
So.
And
then
and then you can have also, you know, people target those particular areas
to make, you know, like have people there that want to discourage you from voting or something that,
you know.
There's a lot of, well there's a lot of profiling because it's lower income needs social services, Democratic Party is known for helping with social services,
you know.
And
but so
I
mean,
I've always gone in in person, but this time I figured why even why take the risk? I only go where I need to go. I have to go to the vet for my cat, half of the doctor when it comes up and have to go to the grocery store. That's about it.
For me personally, I don't think it's I don't think it's um real high, I had borderline health condition that could could affect me if
I got it. But I'm not really too concerned about that. I just don't want to get in the first place because you just never know how it will hit you if it'll be mild like some people or if you'll end up in the hospital for three weeks,
they're
unhealthy people ending up
into the hospital. And
except that they're starting to think that it's not universally true and they don't know for how long a false
sense of security, if you know.
And it could be that, you know, maybe they were protected for those first two or three months and then they feel like, okay, I'm invincible, I could do whatever I want
and
then they
get it again. So um so that's a scary thing. You still have to,
you know,
but
it's not necessarily true. They just, it's too easy to make the blanket statements and then people, they hear that they believe it and then they don't hear anything else. So they still think it's true and
uh if they made a vaccination, if it was ready now, I would do it.
No.
Okay. I know about those. I mean they have been around for years, there are lots of like even religious sects that completely disagree with it. Um
Well,
yes, because then they're going to be in and among us, you know like um it was some show I was watching and I know that it was fiction but loosely based on non fiction where, you know, you've got these parents, their kids rushed into the hospital. Oh, he has measles. Well, measles is coming back now because there are groups of people who don't vaccinate their kids for measles for the mmr when they're supposed to get when you're like 18 months old
and
then you and they don't do it and you know, they're going to let their kid die of measles just because you know, which is more important your kid or your allegiance to who whatever to not vaccinate, but
it's
versus reward. You gotta, you gotta you gotta weigh that for sure.
Yeah, it's just like the flu shot. A lot of people don't get it and no it doesn't give you the flu but a side effect is you can have flu like symptoms but you're not going to get the full on the flu but that it does offer you some protection how much probably nobody really knows for sure but it does
protect you. Um
so yeah, there's a lot of crazy
stuff
and I
try
not
to I try not to watch the news every single day. I used to when the virus things first started up in March, I was glued to it. I was watching for hours a day
now
you
know
I
have a chart I haven't written
and where
I
was watching it and then I thought no, you know what I'm gonna I'm just gonna watch like world news or watch the 1st 15 minutes, get the highlights. You know if I'm feeling pro trump, I'll watch Fox news if I'm feeling anti trump. I watch CNN because they
they
definitely
are by their their their their biased you know
but
uh but to try and dwell on it too much it's just it's just too much, there's enough other stuff going on
to worry about.
and
now look at where we are.
it's
crazy. Yeah it's crazy and that's because you know there they were being a little too cavalier about the whole thing, opening too fast too soon, you know? Um
And
now they're now there are seeing the repercussions of what they did and I think I think it's kind of moving northward now whereas all the southern states kind of got re hit but I think it's coming up now and and it's uh I noticed Illinois was going back up again a little bit. I was really worried because at first I thought they were going to start opening the schools in
this month, like in 18 days and no, not safe. And then um I just got an email because I'm part of the school system, I'm a substitute teacher. So
I
know
and so I found out that they're only doing distance learning Up through October five is when they want the first in person day. So I was thinking okay really for a couple of months, you know? Uh
Yes it's uh it's hard and my daughter is back in school now and she really wants the mix of online and in person. She
I think she has like one in person class, maybe
two and then the rest of it is online and
she
wants
that she she does need the in person to a certain degree. But she's pretty good about keeping safe. Unfortunately she's in a state just north of us in Wisconsin. Um And and the people there are they're not they don't take it as seriously.
now the state of Illinois is not letting people come in from Wisconsin so my partner can come back home
to visit. They're
not accept that her her license plate is still in Illinois plate so she might be able to, you know, get away with that. So we'll see.
But
I mean she's she's worried about getting it and I think I really believe she would get quite sick because she already has quite a few health problems. And
so I just I mean, so she's good to be as careful as she could be. But she's also in a band and she cannot control, you
know,
She's
in a band where she pays keyboards and she sings. But like, they have this performance I think the first one this weekend. But they were making sure that people stayed like 20 ft away from them. They were allowed to approach the band. The members of the band are spaced out.
So I hope, you
know,
all she could do.
I
don't know.
And
you
want and she wants uh you know, but she needs the money and so she bought it. You know, it's hard anyway. I'll leave it up to you. We got our required time and flew
bar
though, doesn't it? That's
that's bye bye. Yeah. But anyway, good luck to you.
No
problem.
Yeah, I don't I mean, I don't I really don't know if I should do another one because I'm not sure about the numbers thing. I don't think I want to do it and then just not get paid because
that's
I
mean
it's about an hour, you know this
and
the follow up is about
an hour and generally speaking I'd rather get paid than not get paid so I wish they'd answer my email but we'll see. You know, but
it's
been
fun
nice talking to you and you won't have any trouble with the rest of it. Just go back and click on that little next button at the bottom
of
the other tab will be
you too. See you. Bye.