Yeah. Mhm mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm, mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, what? Yeah. Right, thank you. Oh, you're right, we just got here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm wow.
Through.
Yeah, I can hear
it. Yeah. Oh
no. Uh huh
we just
about ourselves
to each
other
like, you know,
like
it's going to be like you meet someone for the
first time like yeah, kind
of stuff like that.
Jordan.
I mean woof.
I'm
too. Um a Nigerian who immigrated to America and I live in Georgia. It's okay.
It can,
it's
yeah, it's okay. But like there's not much you can do without a car. What about you? Yeah.
What?
that's true.
Or
if the train doesn't go to your location,
um I'm near Atlanta. Hi.
The
cash
drive.
Trust me. I know. I know
we
can't
provide
Netherlands
and they can't drive in Atlanta. He can't,
this, I don't know. Just okay. Okay. Okay. Funny story. Like once I was driving to school, right, and I say, no, I'm going to like the left lane, right? So like the car that was
like the car that was behind in the left leg was like far away. The car started to speed up. They went off the road honked at me just to pass me. So I don't like get in front of them. Yeah. And
not all of
them. Like,
uh huh. It's basically a running joke in Atlanta that we catch dr Yeah.
thank you.
Oh, trust me. So, are being studied.
Yeah.
Covid. Yeah.
And that's really right.
weather is unpredictable. That's number one. Yeah.
So basically it's okay. But like if you don't live in Atlanta, there's not much to do basically.
Like,
Atlanta is like where everything is. So like, if you like live like in the suburbs, like enough pulls Atlanta, like it's not really hard to explain like, but I feel like english, but like, you know, like there's so much to do basically without driving along the way. Like if you want like, oh, I want to eat Ethiopian food, like the chance of them being in Ethiopian restaurant age. Well, you know, yo I know this from experience because once when I first got my license, I was willing to drive to Atlanta at night just to get some Ethiopian. Yeah.
Hey,
Therefore
things
there
are cafes like, but I guess since I live closest to eat away just to fairly close, like 30. Yeah, but less and in college towns, that's where you find like more concentration of stuff basically. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh no, we're off lockdown. We're going back to school in the fall.
Um Yeah I wear a mask. Asthma.
Most people
but not most people like a lot of people weren't asked. Yeah and some people don't give a fudge. But now in some cities they're starting to make it mandated that you were masked as a business was won't let you and now if you don't worry about it because of your cases Spiking again.
Microbiology.
I usually go out with my social science friends, me and my microbiologist friends when we made up we usually talk about adding me stuff like that. And some of my microbiology friends, he also took japanese with me. So like we talked about japanese.
No I'm
trying to learn
one
good.
What?
It
sounds
familiar.
That's like
on titan I
talk
inside.
It's intense. Yeah.
I talk with my name's. Yeah
it's like the show that she was intense and it gets more insurance.
Okay. Okay. Okay so you're
like
um there's this anime called another, it's a very it's like an old enemy and then there are shaky. Um There's often late, I think I'm pronouncing that one wrong but it's often late yet like around that's pronunciation, it's about pink haired girls with powers.
What? Uh they're like so many good horror enemies out there like just so many. Yeah.
Another is like good but also sad. Let's just say there's some
enemies you should never watch back to back because they will give you depression. But another is really good. No. Oh it's
been so
long since I was kind of our so
I need harm movies.
You
recommend
you recommend any horror movies?
hereditary. Yeah.
You're looking?
Oh man, I
love carbon kevin.
I would like, me and my friend was like talking about it once and I know like, wait, wait, wait, if cap in the woods like we're talking about like if what she did was right to kill her best friend to save the world because he put David away. But like another
okay, so like american heart doesn't like scare me as much because it lacks that, you know, you know what I mean? Right. That intense feeling. But agent are
oh my gosh, yes.
Okay and
bingo. Yes.
korean
Oh my gosh, you've got me obviously willing.
It's
a korean horror is a korean. Japanese Farrah,
the whaling
Mhm wrong.
Have I seen a lot of the toy guns? I'm not sure
what
I didn't Korea when I was seven.
My dad's job brought him there. So I went to school there for like a year. It was nice.
And then like now when I'm like older, my mom was like, yeah, you like speak way more crawling and when you're a kid I was like, what? Yeah, yeah,
observe
shit
true. Like you don't even know it, like you're just absorbing everything around you and they like, you
don't notice
you're speaking it because like, yeah, and I'm
like, what?
No, it was like mixed. One of my friends was japanese, one of my friend was from France more. My friend was from England won almost from South Africa. I went to the school that was filled with kids from all over the world.
And then we lived in the apartment like right across from the apartment from the school where all the international kids were staying at.
So it was a fun experience. And then my dad had friends who were like korean. And then we like had a korean teacher was like integrate us into korean schools if you stay long enough. So we had a korean class and they tell us like basically they were trying to teach us the like korean upbringing like um family respect, all that kind of stuff. Like the first thing that they actually tell us how to write in korean was I love my mother and father, I love my family, stuff like that.
That asian like upbringing of respect, family modesty, all that. The petition has all those kind of stuff like even from like were younger and then like we go like korean field trips, like stuff like that. Like we went to
the
accord,
we went swimming, We had our screaming structure was a korean lady. So like stuff like
that. Mhm.
No, we're um we're not. So we're close to the ocean. We won the Syrians. I think we're in booze and I'm not sure.
Yeah, we're close to the ocean and mountains. That's for sure.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh. Just
thinking about just thinking about it makes me want to cry. Oh
okay.
Uh my car. Oh, you look at me coming.
what?
Oh my. I know like the guy has so much character growth. Like it went from being a selfish, you know, excuse my friends went from being a selfish asshole to like caring about his daughter and just wanted her and a pregnant lady to survive. Uh huh.
you
know,
just
getting ready to shoot her and she says singing,
she's placing
the
song she
always
wanted to sing to her dad
and then she was crying and she sang it. And I'm like, I was just like my heart hurt my eyes like just thinking about it makes my face like I feel like it's about to cry. Mhm.
Having bush parasite air blades on my, it's on my wish list.
I know it's
on who. It's
on hulu. I plan to watch it.
It's
worth
it.
That's
a real problem with Korea.
No, but I do plan to watch, I do plan to wash it. I'm like wait until I get back to school when I'm like alone so I can concentrate. Yeah,
nope. I'm home.
no.
So
where for
it?
Didn't stop it.
I'm not used to living my parents this long. That's for sure.
Not
yet.
that sounds fun. Me and my friends basically we're just based on each other and then like Texan stuff like
that and
then
Yeah. Well august wait, next month is just is this much artist? It's next month. That's all this honest. Yeah. Just
I'm
taking
some Matthew
off.
I'm taking the semester off. Mhm. Yeah. To see like how it is. You know what I mean? Like it's like just jumping right back into campus. Like take time
off and like see how they handle it if I make my decision to come back.
no, I'm a sophomore. I haven't got anywhere. I ain't got there yet right now. I'm just like I had to drop organic chemistry because yeah, going online
was not like some
classes are not made to be online.
It's impossible to concentrate on organic chemistry while you're home. The television is on. People
are talking and running all around you.
That's for the labs. For
the
for the labs, Dental cut lab shorts. So how we did the labs like one of them. By the time we left we only have like one research paper. The rights. So basically we're meant to do a lot for that research for yourself doing that. They give us data from the last semester's
class and they were meant to use their data and like the instructions of what the label is meant to be like to write an entire lab report. And
then
yeah. And then we also dissected a pig.
So like women to like have a lab test after the dissection to know if we can like name body parts and all that. So and some of us having like an in class lab where we walk around and they have like more school dissected page from different students, the best dissection in those areas. And then we look at it and we identify the marks parts.
Instead
it took a picture and then we act like we asked like answer the question multiple choice wise hey.
oh I didn't
know
that.
What
is this
your first
time
doing
this? Really?
like my first appointment was like 2, 3 weeks ago but the first person had technical difficulties. The second person stood me up. The third person stood me okay my fort.
But
before that I didn't like months ago it's like really really show not like my first you'd be stressed because you're like, oh but like after the first time like is to stress because especially for uh you know just you know, screw english. Yeah.
That I think you're trying to research like how different people react like interact with one another. You know what I mean? Right? Like they're trying to see like if you like just put into this conversation with a stranger, like how would you guys talk to each other? Like stuff like that. Uh
That's my guest
probably.
Oh man. I want to go to fright first one year.
Um It's just like really really big horror attraction in that reminds us
um I think it's fright fast. I'm not sure. I can't remember. But like basically it's like a really a really really big Halloween haunted house that opens up around october and
many
people like. Yeah. And then many people like contact lenses just for it. Yeah.
I like like we have like a lot of art and like music. I like culture what we can't drive.
This, okay so in Atlanta there's a good metro system. But then guess what the fighter away from you get from Atlanta, the worst becomes like the counties are not connected. That means like basically there's a bus for Gwinnett County, there's a bus for Cobb county, there's a bus for the cab county. They're not interacting. So like,
like, you know
what I mean?
Yeah. Well you have to get them were basically and you have to pray that the bus goes to the location you want to go to and if you live like in the rural parts of the stair bugs, you're less likely
to have a bus. Yeah,
I wish, I wish in America was more like Japan and you're afforded like had trains and buses all interconnected. I know because like, okay, like when I went to the UK, right, I didn't have to drive, I went shopping for my mom multiple times just by getting on and off buses. Like we went all the way from Newcastle to London by train in three hours and it was not expensive. It was like, it was like not like it was basically a really
good price. And then like when we're leaving you could like similar people in business suits like at five a.m. Get on trains to go from like where to live out of London into London just to work and come back. Uh
What?
It will be but like it would be worth it. Especially if it's like affordable that is, you're not restricted like living in one area. Like imagine that the bullet train, bullet trains like travel so fast
And
less
traffic on the roads. But then guess what America cares about the money. Like
we
already
um, I was there for the summer. Go see family. Yeah, it was interesting. I have lived in Korea. My dad says I've been to china but that was like more of the airports I've been to Ghana into Nigeria because I was born there um events uh England and America. Yeah.
No,
what's it like
there
look
But
no.
get it.
What?
That's
blessed.
I know
course.
well
Well
that's
myself.
what?
One.
my problem.
God.
Not
clean
it
good.
No,
my ad my friend
wants
to go to
Canada
because it's like a type of America. Oh.
Yeah. Yeah. I just want to go there for the snow.
I know it was. No.
I don't. Okay, okay. Like
the reason I
say
that
because
like
like Georgia, we get snow Okay. Like, okay, let me tell you the story earlier this year, it snowed for one day. It was like winter wonderland, like snow everywhere. Guess what? Next day? It was 70 degrees.
on Halloween. It went from being 70° outside in the morning to 20
In like five hours. Mhm.
And I know
like
that's
Georgia weather for you.
You it's
known one day and it's sunny the next, that's why no one took it serious in 2014 when they were like, oh yeah, we're gonna like get like, you know, just like a little snow instead we go, we got snow. Yeah. You,
they
were covered in cries.
No, the car's people were stuck on the highway for days, yep.
Well what about for me?
pretty
Okay. Like did you guys ever get snow days?
Well
No.
that's I know that feeling and then like you start celebrated. Okay like my name is Michelle. Okay so like for me at first my first no day. Okay so like I was like so happy and when I was in high school they were like oh yeah it's gonna snow but it's not gonna snow a lot so they send us to school and then like my school has alleyways because like most of the buildings so like well outside and then it starts to snow. So once I start skipping class to go play in the snow and then the extremely shaded part of like the school campus people will be like you know making like if you look out the window and class you just see people trying snowballs and fumbling. Yeah
and then they were like
um okay so school is gonna be cut in half and so if you live in that three, you guys are
living that
like 10, 11 because you know, I was trying to double black highs, yep.
What,
what?
What magical.
What's up
usually steals a lot in new york usually.
And then like also the news forecast because sometimes flights new york had to get canceled because of snow like two years ago, they have like A lot of snow, like about five ft of snow that's like canceled everything. Life was like on stand still and everything.
So what's like, what's New Year's like new york? Oh
Oh, I
want
so before
it became out blowing up like it, isn't it?
I wasn't born yet.
Bystrom.
Oh man, like okay,
like everything like when you say like stuff like before the internet and all that, I'm like, how do you survive biggest?
nah,
I'm running away at that point I'm disappearing. Just cute. Well, yeah, I probably will.
No, they're not.
What?
That
well,
So
what was he like without it? In your experience, the word. No,
I mean
Woman
it.
Now,
what
do you think? What was your favourite 1?
What? The
Tempest?
Why?
one
where you like,
I never understood treacherous
until like I got older
one
work on, I am the am the physical manifestation of disorganized basically
it's
nope, nope. My notebook. Like, okay, so like freshman year I was a diligent student. My notebook was actually
organized. Like I had like everything
was
organized, suck my ear. Oh yeah. Oh
yeah man, I don't know. Just different stuff like life. Yeah.
I don't know.
And Covid made it worse.
Yeah. Yes. Because I'm like, I'm not an online learner. That's one thing for sure. I can't do online learning. I have the attention span of a puppy on crack. Yeah.
I was a cease a goldfish, but my friend was like Michelle a goldfish
has way more memory. Like come back to the ability than humans do. I was like, it's a puppy. So like basically my professor will be talking and I just like, okay, I'm listening. Huh? Yeah. And I'm like, it's harder to take tests because like my brain is not us. Yeah, I'm not in the environment to be taking a test
anyway.
No, because like before we left were able to do the dissection. So we've already cut up pigs and all that, You know what I mean? Right. So where you like had like hands on experience and then all we have to do is just remember what body parts of what my, my partner, she works with kids at Emory. So she was like doing all the dissection
and all that and tell me like just like pointing out everything. And then I was like, listen,
um, no, we had to like, yeah, we're doing at home like multiple choice. It made it easier because like if you're in class was like actually write out words, like spell it and I can't spell.
well
like the
ones
that
mindset,
it makes
you feel
more
professional.
Like
in labs, usually I feel like labs or not like ensuring we're like, okay, it's like in labs they provide us with like, you know, um, you know, you know what I mean? Like, you know, the safety glasses it provided to us and then they just tell just watch it before you use it. But I feel like now in lives to be actually access. So I provide our old to like stop the spread of Covid and all that.
Mhm. It's
like okay in some labs, it's okay if you don't wear safety goggles because you're like not doing anything that like with chemicals that splash. But the chemistry lab, we have to like wear safety goggles because playing with assets, strong bases. Mhm. Like you're some chemicals that if they touch your eyes still basically burn them stuff like that. It's
fun. Yeah. Like it's so fun because like you like expect like it's a chemistry live this acid basis. Like all these dangerous chemicals, flammable chemicals everywhere you expect us to actually serious for. Not. That's funny part. Well, like messing around, I was like,
like,
basically
not just that, like just like basically like playing around like, oh this kind of smells good, can I drink? It's like once we made aspirin, he
not like mostly
made
this
camp
I want to move to Japan and do research. That's why I'm taking japanese, because my goal is to move to Japan and I can't see myself an office job. So like I would rather do a research based job, you know, I'm in
you,
because
I
what
um most of my classmates are pre meds. Mhm. Yeah, like
if
you go
around,
yep, so basically many. Okay, so like if you go around accent like different biology majors, what your concentrations are, it's gonna be hard for you to find like a microbiologist. Most of them are pre med pre med pre meds or their biochemistry. So yeah,
is more chemistry related but they just okay micro biology is the study of small lives organisms. You know, bacteria, all that kind of stuff. But biochemistry is like you know like when people are saying they're trying to make like self efficient if you using organic compounds, that's basically biochemistry. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
From one.
both.
I don't know shit
yet. That's the easiest way to say it. Yeah I'm a sophomore. I'm serious. Like I've got into my concentration right now right now. I'm taking all my general classes then towards the end. Then that's when I start taking up more of my concentration. Like microbiology um bio ethnic stuff like that. But
for now
we're just like the base knowledge. Like knowing my physics, my chemistries. My apologies. I've only taken like to biology classes and after we take one of them because you know Covid, I have to like
miss
the first three weeks of school and I was meant to take my test. I didn't, I was told my professor because of Covid. Like before I was just meant to show up and the test to be there. So I didn't know I was mentioned for my professor, I shot the intention of taking the test because of the change in covid and having to make an online test. So when I found out about it was the
day of the test, it was too late. Yeah. So
my grade went from 80 to 70, still 70. And then because I flunked the final, My great went down to a 68 which put me in a. D.
Well,
Yeah. Marky.
Thank
you.
I couldn't. Mhm.
I know what you mean. Like a lot of people are like asking the school can we just do a past field system? What if you get to certain grades as a pass if you get to certain grades? Okay. But but the state was like, nah because it doesn't like mess up your scholarship and stuff.
Like I'd rather waited until you know, you know what I mean? Right. I'd rather waited until the next semester I come back and finish up of my classes that do online classes basically. I'm like even the way they did okay. So like the school was like you don't you got nothing to worry about, you got nothing to worry about. And then one thursday they were like yeah you have to be off campus by five the next day, go closing school
When two is still like you guys have three hours to get rid of
all
your to like clean up your door. I move out and then on the day I was meant to clear out my dorm and move out. I had a test that same day. I missed the test basically,
I dropped that glass so it's Gucci. Yeah. So like basically what happened was like I had three hours to go like my time window was from 8-11 at the test at 12. I got at 121 I got stuck in traffic, it was raining. I did most of them moving out myself into my brother came and helped. By the time I was done it was already like 12 and had to be back to my dorm at 1 15. Then I got stuck in traffic. I had to get gas and by the time I got back it wasn't enough time to take the turf. Yeah.
Fuck bump.
Well,
That's fucked
up.
No,
like
that's
seriously
myself
Ungrateful.
Well,
All
all
So
that's like really really fucked
up because like a lot of international students to they don't have the reason they came to this country was because they don't have the materials for the internet could connect with that fucking lunch to like do it. Like one was mentioned like some students who come from china
over here to learn once they go back to china, a lot of the resources they need for their classes will be cut off because it's not approved by the chinese government. Oh,
like
what
it is like why does ice have the power over students? Especially when they've
been
Well,
for schools
to open back up.
well. How are you
to help
you?
It's
less well
talk about it's
like really really
messed
up. Like college campuses are breeding grounds for disease is like just
look about,
let's look up what happened like a few years ago when there was just like, I can't remember what spreading but it was just like it started from A from a triple A. And then it started to spread all over the campus and they didn't know where it was coming from.
I can't remember.
It was like back in 2014, 2016. Shit shit Philly. No I'm not ship. I like when I was like you know that mexican place? That's really probably where keep away
schiphol. Yeah like she was like
the food was contaminated. They didn't know that someone but the food from there, I went to college campus ate
it.
Then the contamination just kept on spreading throughout the college campus and they couldn't find out where it was coming from until they finally tracked it back to that place and that's a closet because like,
that is true.
And then re coach jones.
yep. Open. Yes. We
will try to limit. They said they would try to limit the amount of people on campus. Well yeah. The school is open
Youtube.
Well like
Oh okay. That is true. But you know our governor is a jackass.
Our governor opened the schools are governor opened the state backup before our numbers start to draw. And then
in
Atlanta when the mayor of Atlanta was like, you know what? After governor you all are all required to wear mask when you're out. Every other city has done that one, Atlanta decided to do it. That's when the government was like, um no, you guys like overstepping your boundaries. Yeah. Oh
right. It's been
like that. Sometimes
we have
well
or nice to meet you too.
It
is
just a saying.
You too.
Youtube.
I'm touched.
Bye.
Just cancel out. And then when you go there you like click the link and it sends you to the next part of survey, the like next button. Yeah. Most of it. Yeah. Buying.