beat again.
You can hear me out.
Sorry,
Just let me say it's done one thing.
did you get any guidance on what we're supposed to like talk about or
like this?
As
of
today?
I
don't like.
So
mm
Okay, so where are you physically
and what's it like? What's it like when I'm in New york city? So I'm in Canadian, I live in new york city. I'm
the student
about yourself.
Mhm. Yeah,
you
can,
well that's, I mean new york number one, new york is just like a place I wanted to live since I was like 17 years old. So there's like that side of it. But another thing about new york city is it's really like you can walk almost everywhere When there's not COVID-19
amazing public transportation. So I'm like, I don't have a car, I've never had one. Um and just, I never felt I missed it. You know, even if maybe moving, like when I've had to move and stuff like that or you know, there's a group of you going somewhere somewhere complicated.
But
so
exactly. So where are you in Georgia? Like are you in Atlanta or?
I drove through there last, not last christmas but the christmas before and I think we
were
driving
from, what's the city Savannah. We were driving through Atlanta up to, it was our christmas road trap up to. We were going up to Tennessee. So we drove through Atlanta and I have to say, I've never been more scared in my life with the amount of five raise.
wrong.
And it's
like the
airport
in the middle of the city and it's just like highways. Everyone,
How did this happen? Do you like know the history? But
I'm
They're so aggressive,
so
aggressive.
well we just had to drive through I think like we stayed for the night at like a B and B. And then got up the next morning. But I was like, I'm not coming back here.
I'm too scared. Like just yeah, Crazy. Crazy.
Um So I'm at the new school and I'm doing a masters in public policy. Yeah. I
I've wanted to go back to school for years and this was the opportunity to do it. Um I wasn't expecting um Covid.
So I'm I'm enjoying it from my window. I couldn't be new york.
What's it like there in Georgia? But.
Mhm.
Like
where?
You're just like a superhero to me. Like you went there voluntarily on those highways.
You're so brave. So breast and like, I mean like cafes though, I mean any of
that around
you
theater,
So what would you like do if it weren't for, sorry? Are you guys under lockdown
to wear masks outside?
Do other people wear a mask? I should ask.
Good.
Mhm. So it's in here then. So um, like, okay. So if it weren't for covid, what would you do in Atlanta on like a weekend? Sorry. So what do you study? What are you studying?
So when you go out with your other microbiologists, what do you guys?
so you speak japanese
chile?
What if I'm
sorry, I don't know much about an
enemy, but I have a few friends that quite like it. I am one to like sort of horror comics, but I watched this one, Japanese enemy called, It's really, this is like 50 m tall, like
babies that eat people not ringing any kind of bells here.
It was
like
tighten tighten something
titan.
one of the
creepiest
things.
that enemy or am I mistaken?
Yeah. My car.
My friend knows that I like horror. So he like suggested he's like, you'll, this will freak you out and I'm like, yeah, I did
you
have any other recommendations for me then?
I like it.
Well those are your top three for a newbie, recommend them. Okay.
This
It's
what?
So
heard
of
me.
Um, I liked, um, yeah, So I don't like really like sort of slasher movies. I prefer sort of the Creepy one. So I just thought like, what did I like? Midsummer or
Ones that leave you unsettled. Um, cabin in the words is a classic sort of meta
funny one.
Center.
Okay. so you look up.
I think
Hello?
Yes, like
all the japanese like Ringu and
that's what is the black eyed kids? Um, it's been a while, but yeah, the asian horror and korean, have you
seen?
No,
wait
wailing. Like
cry all the way I like, okay, okay.
You know, There's, I like the one with two sisters that the twins, did you see that
there are turtles, like else Sort of step mothering? So I lived in Korea actually when I was in
my 20s.
What were you doing there? Cool.
mhm
well when we're little, we just,
we're like
little sponges, right,
Thank
you so much.
So
all year, like little seven year old friends were all korean as well speaking.
you're at the international fall, Very powerful, Very nice.
perfect.
Call it makes sense. Uh The confusion right? The sort of philia pipe me the idea that.
But
we
are
like
Were you in Seoul
Oh you're done in person maybe.
Have you seen Trenton for some
fantastic
and
yeah.
Yeah.
I was so much like Yeah. But yeah, I mean the right people live but
it's like the dad. Yeah. The relationship.
And they almost student like
at the
end when he was like, you know, take him out and the soldier was like, you
know.
Yeah. Oh my God.
The
following
her
diet
that she prepared to sing to him at the concert but he couldn't show up to. Yeah.
What did you think of parasite?
It was like the top four academy
works
I think.
like most korean movies like it's a slow burn but it's really I
thought
it
was pretty powerful. Just sort of on the light, literally the class system, you know? That's that's
all it.
You're kidding. Mm.
Okay. So, you know, you're not like
okay. Yeah. It's different, isn't it? So I'm lucky. So I just live here with my partners that we have like our two desks and I can I can do school work from home. You can work from
home. So it's
easier,
It's tougher.
Like
imagine what people around meals.
you can't go out because we don't go out here. I mean, so some people are going out. Most people are wearing masks, bars and cafes are open. Like they have they have seating in front and then in the road. So on the sidewalk in front they can have a few tables and chairs. and then on the road they'll make like a little section where like maybe two or three tables can be. Yeah, but I'm not ready to do that. Like I don't trust them, I don't
trust
other people enough to do that. Um So yeah, we're mostly we don't go out very much. I mean we go this is ridiculous. We got in city parks so like I have my friend and a bench across from me but we've become very european so we can like have a glass of wine in a park outside and I'm like try and stop me.
Don't
all your
classes going back on in person? In september
Are you starting in august when
I
started
into
part of me?
No,
as a microbiologist to you guys like you know this stuff your scientists. Right.
Hello.
Wait.
Uh huh. I know
you
and I imagine a lot of your classwork is like lab work. Right.
How
do you do you ride working?
Go
the
best to
places.
That's
crazy.
But it's still very different from doing it yourself just to let you know your video's gone off. So I see I don't you anymore.
I
don't
know if that's your computer or or this app there you are. Okay. Yeah. I don't know this I don't know
this better cons. Uh huh. Application so I don't know if that's that are or not
but
I
see
you now.
you done this before? Mhm. Okay.
You've
done us?
What do you think they're trying to figure out what do you think they're researching do you know?
Uh huh.
And and they're gonna watch all of our conversations?
Right. Well they'll they'll get some good recommendations for some good creepy shows from us I guess.
What's that?
Where is that?
And it
left?
wow.
All right. What? Oh is there no like really efficient public part of the public transportation? Like is there a good trains subway system information system?
So you
believe
that if you want to go from one to the other you have to go all the way into Atlanta and attica too.
What?
The
But
But it's but it's possible to do that. I it's just so brilliant. I mean livable cities you
know when they have like thought about it and said yeah not everybody here. If there's four people in a family you can have like four, but not everybody can afford cars, you know, that's really ambitious and expensive.
and if you're trying to promote like environmental responsibility wouldn't having a fast efficient, affordable, useful public transportation system, that's how you get people to give up their cars is make it easier for them to get to wear that need
to
go.
So this
is like
you traveled a lot of places. Sorry, So you've been, you've lived in London as well or Newcastle? Cool.
That's cool. I'm
from Vancouver actually originally, so
I'm
um I think Vancouver is beautiful of course that has nothing to do with me. But
yeah, it's beautiful. Like it's, it's right on the edge of the pacific Ocean and then we have the Rocky mountains behind it's just like visually beautiful. Um it's gotten more expensive. um A lot more expensive. Like it used to be the like west coast sort of backwater town considered, I mean like by Central Canadians, but it's a lot more expensive now because
it's temperate climate. It's not like the rest of Canada, which is cold, really cold for months of
the year. Um
So
the average person like maybe who was born there long term resident can't afford it anymore. So sort of, you know, those of us weren't rich, you know, just get more out and out into the suburbs,
like any
sort of city development. They did pass a new law. There was a little problem with people buying houses to get residency and not living in them and leaving them empty. So we have this huge problem where there's a whole bunch of people trying to find housing and there was a whole bunch of empty houses, but the empty houses were being rented out because they were uh they were mostly mostly mainland chinese actually because it's very close, its closest, we have a lot of big chinese population and
because I wanted, you can, you can buy, you can literally buy citizenship for about Maybe 250,000, I'm not sure. But um so that was the problem was that they were buying houses and then going back to china
and maybe like not not staying and becoming part of the community. So the mayor, this was a few years ago, the mayor just added a huge tax. Like if you buy a house, you have to live in it or rent it out and if you don't hear is an extra sort of tax to
encourage to sort of slow down the spike
in, in the housing crisis because it was getting totally unaffordable for the average person to live
air.
It's just this almost a gentrification. I'll call it like displacement. You know, a lot of areas go through that. Um, So that's, that's sort of what was happening there. But it's a really neat place. It's a beautiful climate. People who are into the
outdoors like going skiing, mountain biking
trail, walking beaches. Like there's a lot of stuff going on
in the, in the summer months so they really enjoy it. Um
It's clean
ish
socialist.
All this. Yeah. People still litter.
Still shocked. But yeah, I like the west coast. Have you been out there?
No.
My
friend
was
going to carry.
Please please come. We need people.
No. What? It's cold. You won't like it.
It's great for like two days or three days and then you go back home to a nice warm state.
What
do
you want
to do
with this
now? Mhm.
And it was muddy I bet because all that snow melts. Mm hmm.
What?
That's crazy.
That's
not normal though. That's not normal
for Georgia
julie.
Up and down.
Yeah. And the thing is if you don't know how to drive and if you don't know how to drive normally, like all those highways, that's all I can picture as all
those crazy
dangerous highways covered in snow. And people who don't know how to drive in snow.
Uh huh
Alex snow the first few days is really nice because everything's all like white and covered. Like it's sort of like
blankets, everything in this like white that reflects the sky. So it's like really bright and it's like beautiful. But then people start walking in and it gets muddy and I guess it's not so nice after a while. Mm
Yeah, absolutely. The best
thing for a seven year old sarah, that's my name. It was like waking up and you'd see
it was like the snow is like that high and that high and you'd be listening to the radio because we didn't have the internet back then and I'd be listening to the radio and it would be like with the Board of Education declare a snow day.
Anyway,
Fruit,
that's
what the bike.
It didn't Okay, frankly, I was
kind of looking forward to like
snow in new york. Like, okay, I kind of when I came here, I just came here a year ago and I was looking forward to like, you know, winter new york my head, It was gonna be like, you know, big
totally, you know, and and there's like the Empire State Building,
it didn't snow very much, it's just kind of wet and cold. Mhm.
I thought so. Like from the movies you would think so,
not this year.
Um Well I mean there's the traditional going down to Times Square, but I think you have to get there you know early early in the afternoon to be let in because they start block, they cordoned off the street so people have to get there early and then they stand Times Square can only fit so many people and they have to wait there. Which I think probably years ago it was a lot more organic where people could like move around a lot, but for safety's sake. Um it's a lot more controlled so No, I haven't been, I went when in long time ago once. Um but
when
I was on holiday it came just for that. But That's like 2030 years ago,
91,
sorry. Yeah. So I'm trying to remember, it's like 91,
Were born. You know what that sound like. My dig cBgbs was still open and yeah, was backwards, sort of new york was still a little more free flowing, but a lot has changed since then, so it's
a little bit more controlled.
But
um yeah, I'm trying to imagine if I were stuck inside for four months without the internet would be very different.
I'm martin.
It was you just yeah,
no, I don't
remember. Like, I think goodness every day for the internet, it's, you know, you have all
the knowledge
in the world at your fingertips. Like clearly. I love it. I don't want to go back to a time without it.
But
like
when I was little uh you know just go outside until the street lights came on and you ran around with your friends and played
games or reading books, libraries were amazing places.
So like you didn't you could go and have, it was a big reader, gaming would be like dungeons and dragons was like literally somebody has like drawn out attention and stuff. Um
video games, so they were like video arcades when I was maybe in junior high school of those became a big
thing.
it was called Tempest.
It was
a circular one shooting
things. No
shit,
it was like a star and it would grow and you had to twist around to like shoot it down and touch this. Of course a classic
car.
Yeah, if you like to organize things, it's
the best.
Uh huh. So it's
just not the game for you. You have like great skills and a lot of areas, but maybe touch this isn't yours?
It's
do
you feel
what changed?
Different
profit.
Um Do you find it makes studying more difficult?
Yeah.
Obviously.
When you
were talking about taking that test with the pig, I like, I need to like touch, you know, to actually be also in the environment too. I can't, I have no idea how you did that. That's amazing.
Like,
but where were you writing the test? You're writing it at home?
I think being just being in the classroom puts me in a different headspace. I find it, even though we're, you know, we have the extra room for the office area. It's still, I'm still home. I still got my cats. You know, like
my partners
here.
I still
I want to be in a school like that. It just changes my
um my mindset.
Of
course
I'm
gonna die. Of course we're going to adapt. But
so
Two
nights.
Sorry?
You make
like,
biochemistry jokes at each other.
What
do you want
to
do
that? Radio?
Like work in a laboratory
and working in a laboratory stuff. Okay, cool. It
must
have cohort similar or what, like what what are their goals for for
studying such a cool subject.
you'll
have
lot
of doctors in your future.
So it just what's the difference between like microbiologist and biochemistry, for example, the question?
So you could like if we're looking for
yeah sustained like organisms that can for example, yeah. Eat up oil spills war.
Uh like work inside of our, when I've learned I've learned a lot recently about things like got bacteria and stuff. Is that you're stuff subjects that you know a lot about
just for your
I'm
fine.
It's
like
What?
First.
Yeah. My school, is this the spring term? Because my school was really good that it was like okay, this
term. Yeah, because it was half over. It was like okay, everybody gets an A or a minus. Yeah.
I mean we still didn't work but there were so many people that were just so distracted. I mean we were
we had
it serious here. I I live near like Beth Israel Hospital and he was he care that sirens all night. It was there were a lot of people really freaked out. Um And they just they were like okay, you guys are really stressed. And so that anyway it was just for that term.
So I'm surprised that your school administration wasn't more sensitive to the amount of stress going on in people's lives. Like it's serious.
Can they not give you guys a break for like one semester? I'm sorry that that's not very sensitive of them.
Fuck.
To
move.
But that's it's not right. I'm sorry, I'm sorry that happened to you. That's just not right.
I'm
sorry. That's just
that's not your management anyway anyway. I hope they treat you better right now. We're going through a bit of a like we don't want to, we the school doesn't want to open in september um but were forced to because forced to do like some kind of hybrid model because there's a lot of the international students situation, right?
I'm and
I'm an international student so
I
was
like,
I have to
leave, what are you talking about?
But I they're
gonna figure something out where like maybe I go in once a week
and we're all like, all of us
internationals are like, you know, five people in a room. I don't know how they're going to do it, but they're going to figure out a way to get it done.
They don't want us to go.
But that's
customer service.
It's just a mess
just
enough.
I
don't they want that. I think it was just part of a strategy
to
trump
Vietnam. Yes, exactly. The administration wants the schools open, The schools are saying no, no, no, there's a public health issue, we can't do it. And the administration is like, okay, fine. You know when I hope n will take away all of your international, there's like over a million of us in America like we pay more
to go to school. Um So it was just a bargaining chip.
He doesn't
he doesn't care about us at all, but
we were just a bargaining
chip.
It
is what
it is
what
just happened
where?
That's
supposedly.
it's probably
first
campus.
any place you have a density of that crowded this, it's going to be there. So,
but
I have to have faith that my school keep everything disinfected and make sure that we're apart. I can't believe that your school is like open or
openly
take care of. Yeah,
health is, health is number one. Number one, you can always take the class next year. And I'm your your administration needs, your
school administration needs to be more sensitive to that.
Yeah. Yeah. I like I like the governor here. He's pretty cool. We've got common, so.
But
it's,
wow. I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Anyway, I think we should. Um we've been doing so good. Look at us. We've doubled our time. I think
we have. It
was really nice to me too.
You
stay
healthy.
Stay healthy. Stay well. Okay.
I wish you a good day. And thanks for all the recommendations. I'll
think of you when I'm watching them and being scared. Okay.
Bye.
How do we do this?
Hi.