SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Sure. Mhm. But wait okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah come on. Mhm. Mhm mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah yeah. Uh huh. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: killer. But hi, how are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: doing? Good. I really, I really like that light behind you by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Thanks. What? I don't remember how many hours, but it's just the only problem with it is that it's impossible to get another light in it, so once it's over you have to buy another one.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I, I guess so. You know, I never even thought of that. It was like an LED type plate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my boyfriend got it and I was like this is pointless, this is yeah. Right, he was excited about it too,
SPEAKER_R: That's right. I I can imagine my wife saying something like that as well, you know, every once in a while, a good electronic store and I'll come back with something that really has absolutely no value to the house whatsoever.
SPEAKER_L: Hanger.
SPEAKER_R: Like, but it actually looks pretty good at best. Fire looks pretty good at some of the other places that I went and that lamp absolutely falls into that category. That's so funny. Well, hey, yeah, sorry about being a little late finishing up a meeting on the other side. It's been, I swear ever since working from home it's been nonstop meetings one after the other and I'm pretty done with just talking to a computer monitor or my phone. I'd like to start seeing people a little bit more often. Do you also work from home right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I do but it's not I don't have as many meetings as you do I guess. Why do you think you guys are having, Is it the same amount of meetings or?
SPEAKER_R: So it's really the same amount of meetings that we had, but it really was very different in person than it is now. Like a great example is I go to the office and you have to go to a meeting room, right? So you know, there's some banter that goes back and forth. Uh got another meeting or let's let's talk about bob or joe at the office as we're walking to the other meeting.
SPEAKER_L: personally
SPEAKER_R: And now the meetings just just sort of end there there, you know, that there's another meeting coming up probably like, you know, an hour or I'm sorry, like a minute or two after the other meetings done. But you just don't get to really share your feelings about the meeting with anybody other than this great wall over here. There's no one else for me to talk to. Uh, some
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: these
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: meetings
SPEAKER_L: like you're camaraderie is kind of uh falling apart in?
SPEAKER_R: I do, I do. That's that's an interesting um, so sorry, that was really bad listening on my part, because I was about to answer the camaraderie falling apart in my mind. I understood what you were trying to ask, but falling apart, I probably wouldn't go as far with the
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: falling apart.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah
SPEAKER_R: that was my fault. That was my fault. So yes, I think it does. I don't know like if it's bad, but you know, the folks that I had a good conversation with prior, we've continued those conversations and I think we've done very well continuing some sort of, you know, professional relationship along the way. But the ones that are brand news is some of the new workers of the team that are coming in. You know, I see him on linkedin, I see them calling it and dialing and I still joke around and have a good time with him but you're not able to have those off the cuff comments. I mean nothing bad but just like off the cuff comments of his food that I have really sucks or I really like this video. Where did you get that lunch from? Like something to bond a little bit with? You don't have any of that. So it's very transactional right now I think is the best way to describe it. You know where we we know that we're there for a purpose. We know that we have stuff to do. So we get on the phone or we have conversations something like this where there is a very definitive beginning and then a definitive end. Not too much in between. So yeah, I have found it to be a little annoying. I think it's the best way to describe it. And how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it's probably pretty much the same, mm But I'm kind of like working from home for the most and on the side I'm studying web development. So I'm trying to go even more towards working from home. I don't really mind it, but it's like just generally socializing out in the world. I do miss people in general, not looking a word context, but yeah, I'm ready for this to kind of wrap itself up. I don't know if it ever will though.
SPEAKER_R: If you don't mind me asking what do you do for work right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um I do blogs, so I work for a company that just like we'll take a different topic and everybody kind of decides what their strengths are and I'll write about like science or literature, anything that I'm interested in and we just kind of do that.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. I could see the genesis into web development afterwards as well. It seems like a good next step. You know. Have you started what have you done for studying on web dev
SPEAKER_L: Um html and CSS I've gone kind of deep into those and right now I'm doing Javascript and I had to kind of had to stop the web development course that I was doing to just focus strictly on javascript because it's just it's a it's a different type of thinking that I'm used to it. Uh just something I'm going to have to really and drill into my brain a little bit more than the others because html and CSS like you kind of understand when you see it, the output is pretty clear but it's a little bit more convoluted with javascript, so that's that's about where I'm at with it.
SPEAKER_R: are you doing an online course? Are you doing something through the university or something local? How are you going forward with it?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing you Demi which is, have you heard of it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I guess I'm probably selfishly asking the questions as well because I'm also taking a web of course and it's on you to me as well although
SPEAKER_L: grouping?
SPEAKER_R: maybe pronouncing it incorrectly. Uh And I love it but I'm not very far into it. So uh is it a guy who's doing your course?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing a lady, this british lady,
SPEAKER_R: I know exactly who you're talking about? Well
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: person she is. I I ended up going with someone else and it really was only because there was a sale on one and there wasn't a sale on the other course that I was going to do. Well that's great. How how have you found even like the CSS and job or a CSS and html aspect of things? You you found it easy? Was it like her or you to me that made it easy or was it just easy to come by?
SPEAKER_L: I think I think it just made sense to me. It was I did not struggle a lot. There's some ch ch S. C. S. S that is a little bit more complicated. I know I'm gonna have to go back after learning javascript. It's just like you have to keep interacting with it. That's what I've found. And I need to start doing little projects on my own. Just uh that's probably going to be the most helpful. Like I made my friend a little birthday card web page for her birthday. I just need to keep up with stuff like that so I can keep using my skills because right now my html and CSS are just like tanking while I try to learn javascript. And it's just like I've got a book on my Kindle about Javascript. I'm trying to really bathe myself in it because it's no it's just it's harder than I thought it would be
SPEAKER_R: It's difficult. It's difficult. I am not a web developer. Uh So I can only attest to how tough that is. I'm on a different side of computers that has gotten me somewhat interested in web debt. But that's really cool that I think it was blogging that got you interested in this? Are you gonna are you thinking of continuing the freelance route if you were to be a web developer or are you thinking of doing a full time position?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think I'll see what the options available to me are. Honestly I would love to do freelance just because of the freedom. But if I found a job that offered like good health care benefits, that would also be nice because I'm at the age where like maybe I want to settle down and have a kid one day, so I don't know what you work
SPEAKER_R: Actually,
SPEAKER_L: with computers.
SPEAKER_R: and they just dawned on me that daughters are right behind me. But
SPEAKER_L: For people.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we've got a I've got a two year old and a four year old
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: that are, they're very beautiful, they certainly do add up in the in the cost department for uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah, as a big decision. So
SPEAKER_R: so my health care, if I were, if I didn't have any kids, if I was single, I think my healthcare per check comes to 70 a check or something along those lines, like it's It's a palatable amount, like, oh, this is nice um with Children, it's $272 a month, and that's just like before you even go to the doctors, it's monumentally expensive and it blows me away of how expensive it is because that like the rate that I just gave it is pretty par for the course with a lot of full time roles and you look at how much it costs even outside of that. It's astronomical are both when we hit our deductible, when we had the two Children and both of those came to 5000 out of pocket plus the, you know the money that I was spending on our bill for. So my wife had um an emergency c for the first daughter, The total hospital bill in between the emergency, see the babies of the Nikki for like 12 hours as well. Um what else? Oh it was, it was two extra days. The whole bill came to $85,000. I mean we paid 5000 of it. But
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was like you're looking like how does anyone afford this, you know with that insurance, how do you afford literally any of this walking in its mind blowing? It's absolutely
SPEAKER_L: another
SPEAKER_R: my,
SPEAKER_L: thing that I've considered like even just having the kid delivering the kid is so expensive. It's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I understand
SPEAKER_R: was not a cheap proposition. Although then again you know to play devil's advocate, I have talked to other friends of mine who paid almost nothing out of pocket. So I think it really depends on what insurance you have when you walk in, sometimes it's just a copay. One of my friends who is a teacher spent $250 the entire time and then mine
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: insurance,
SPEAKER_R: 5000
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: I think. Yeah hers was some type of
SPEAKER_L: cheap.
SPEAKER_R: education or teachers insurance. But yeah it was very different than what I had for insurance. So in the private sector I guess there's one type of insurance, maybe the public sector has another. Um But it's this large web of just ridiculous. Oh and one other thing, so about like a year and a half after our daughter was born. We got a bill from a doctor, an anesthesiologist who had come in And they stated that we never paid a bill that was sent over to the hospital that the hospital was supposed to send over to us. That bill was $5,000. And we're looking at like well hold on we already pay that. How come we have to pay this? And we found out not that it was such a ridiculous disaster. So the doctor was a traveling doctor which means that he just goes to a bunch of different hospitals. And does this particular line of work for whatever hospital. Right? So he went to a local hospital over here is so he went to N. Y. U. He does this particular procedure and then he finds out that maybe some more long Island. There's another thing that you've got to go to so he'll drive out there do the exact same procedure. So it's not like this doctor that has an office or that you just call up. So trying to track this guy down was close to impossible. He was just a one man show that was trying to build us for $5000. So we had to go through a lot of hoops. In fact, we almost got to a point of having to bring in a lawyer because we couldn't find the guy um only to find out that he was embedded with another organization that went through the hospital. It was just unneeded stress for no reason whatsoever. And we fought it. We haven't paid it partly because we found a provision in the law that showcases that he was supposed to tell us about this much prior. We were supposed to sign off on it, so we haven't heard from him knock on wood, but still like it's ridiculous what you have to go through in these type of situations. But I wouldn't scare. I hope it doesn't scare you off because it really is a it's a really beautiful journey. I I have loved every minute of it. It's it's a life changing thing for sure. But I think both my wife and I were fairly ready uh to go the route of Children and you know, sort of going into bed by like 7 38 o'clock at night because they get up so darn early in the morning. So yeah, it was a life decision, but it's beautiful for sure. Just uh you know that the wall is certainly a little less a little less happy. I thought it was heavy to begin with, but it was a little less heavy day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know if I'm ready. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hear you. I hear you. Especially right now to, with, with Covid
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: going on. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: with your kids, both of you guys are working from home with your kids.
SPEAKER_R: So I work from home with my Children. Uh, I'll take a step. So my four year old does go to school. So she goes full time to the school right down the street from us. And that's an in person school during March up to june she was at home, but we really wanted her to go into school. She, uh, you know, four year olds in zoom just don't really national that well. Uh, and when we heard that one of the other schools is going to be going with this hybrid model of doing zoom plus impersonal, like let's just change it. So we changed to a local, it's a catholic school right down the street and she loves, it was actually the same school as she went to the year before. It's been working out very well now my two year old is home, so she does Rule the roost when it comes to her demands and raising hell when necessary. Um but so I have an office up in the attic, but to be honest, I absolutely hate sitting in the office. So I end up going into 19 different rooms. I'm in the bedroom right now, earlier I was down in the basement was in the dining room. Prior, I just don't like being in the office and just sitting there for eight hours. So part of it's my fault that I probably could isolate myself a little bit more within the house and not have my daughter, you know, scream up a storm, but I tend to float around the house just so I can get a better sense of a regular humanity.
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, and then my wife, she's not working. So she's home with the kids and
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: been fairly instrumental with making sure that, you know, the kids are with everything. Obviously
SPEAKER_L: No, I think that's really important. Especially for like that's another reason I haven't had kids yet is because I just kind of want to be there for the first few years and not working but maybe that can coincide with like web development and working from home. I just think it's kind of important for them to have a family member for the first couple of years around. I know some people that are having kids and they like have a nanny and they both the parents leave the house and I just don't really feel that doesn't feel like the model I'd like to take.
SPEAKER_R: I don't blame, you. Don't blame me something that both my wife and I agreed upon as well. And we said, hey, if we can do it, you know, let's try to see if this model works if and I told my wife to, if you want to go back to work, this is not 1950 I'm not forcing you home, you know, you do whatever you want. And then I'll figure out something on my side to make things a little bit more flexible. But I think she's been really happy with the arrangement. I've been happy with it as well. Especially working from home now. I know I just bite my words a little bit, but I love being home with them. So there's no commute. There's no, I can go down for lunch and go down for dinner, No problem at all. Um but you know, if she wanted to go back or wanted to study something, look, I get it is a tough job being home with them 24 7, there's a lot of work. So I'm like, hey, maybe you want some adult experience or you know, it's something else that Is outside of the house. Let me know. And like I said, I'll work around it. But so far with the 14, 3 year old, it's been Good having at least one person home. But I hear you, I have a buddy of mine who has a nanny in. They're expensive, they're still expensive. My
SPEAKER_L: I didn't I haven't even asked that kind of question but
SPEAKER_R: well, just ahead, we're talking about physical stuff, you know? So the the nanny is a full timer employed full time with this
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: couple.
SPEAKER_L: moved with them.
SPEAKER_R: Good question. Um I don't think that she lives with them, but he picks her up so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: he picks her up. Yeah, yeah, picks her up, drops her off. You know, she's at school when I'm picking up. Well this is so weird too, so every once in a while she'll be picking up the kids at school because we both go to the same school, but then sometimes he'll join as well. I'm looking like This is nice, but this seems
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: like a lot of money to just have somebody sitting here. But um so I found out that the cost of a nanny in this area and it's it's a part time full time job. You could be paying 60-80 a year for that nanny to be around. Or if you want to go the cheaper route, you could do take care. Well, this sounds great, right? So, Dave kehr, I found out my friend um actually the same guy, he got quotes for some of the, He's got two Children, he got close with some of the daycare, it was 35K a year to keep the kids in daycare. So it was either the 35 a year or I think he actually didn't tell me how much he's paying for the nanny one of these days. I'll figure out what it is. But I think it's like, it's probably in between 60 and 80 because she like had some very particular demands that she needs to get picked up that's full time, not that she gets benefits, but like, there's a definition of what that full time is, it is an expensive proposition. And you know, I think
SPEAKER_L: Health
SPEAKER_R: back to
SPEAKER_L: degree or something? What is what makes her worth that much money what your kids
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: is?
SPEAKER_R: don't I don't think so. I don't think that she has a college, I don't she, so she came from I think she's from the caribbean, she's a lovely lady. I talked to her a few times and you know, Just listening about where she grew up, makes me want to move down to the Caribbean after talking with her. It sounds wonderful with the tropical breezes and everything. I always wondered
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: why, why are you up here? But uh, no, I don't think, I think she just came up to the states probably 10 or 15 years ago. Um it is very assimilated in and but yeah, no, like to to your question, formal education now. No formal education.
SPEAKER_L: so she's middle
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: age maybe I guess
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I'll put her um without looking at her GBB license. It probably at like 35-50 somewhere in between there because I found out I'm a terrible judge of age, terrible judge of age.
SPEAKER_L: 30 850 is a pretty big rate. Uh huh. I
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: can't tell her she looks good for her age or she and.
SPEAKER_R: She she's very she has uh actually have never seen her like interact very much with the child because most of the time it's either I go over my buddy's house and he's there, but she's also there, so we're upstairs. I don't know if this is certainly not something that I would uh or she's picking up the kid from school and when she's picking up the kids from school, they sort of a shoe out and that's the end of it and I don't really get to see like how she actually has that conversation with the child. So. Yeah, it's but it's also fairly prevalent around here as well and it's a bit of a head scratcher because it's not something that I I wouldn't want my child to you know have to deal with. I mean unless you have to obviously but even if you could avoid it or just you know have a lower cost of living and you don't have to worry about having the double income and uh you don't need a large house and granted the houses aren't really like it's certainly not the right.
SPEAKER_L: Keep in new york that really?
SPEAKER_R: No it's not it's not and I think that probably plays into it and seeing with the health care. I'm sorry the child care. Um You know I don't know if you know if you were to get an anti out and I don't know where you live but you know if
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: were to get
SPEAKER_L: probably like similar housing. I'm in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're in D. C. Okay so let's just say like Nebraska if you were to do the exact same thing in Nebraska
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: and have a full time nanny, I don't think that comes to 60 K. A year. So maybe you're looking at 30 but then your cost of living and everything else is also a little bit lower, including your earnings is a little bit lower. So I don't know if like that ratio is the same from uh new york going over to Nebraska, but the C. S. A fairly pricey area as well. So, you know, there's probably, I bet you if you were to look at like indeed or something for a full time nanny, I bet you the roles would be like in between 1684, for some of the roles, which I mean it's a lot of money to pay for not being able to be with your child, but I would love to be with my child more than he handed off to someone else if possible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I just feel like at least the first three years or so formative as far as like I just want them to feel safe and have a relationship with me that's built on I don't know. Those are early. There's an important years in building psychology for a kid so I don't want to just like hand that off to someone that I have no idea what's going on if I can help it.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I completely agree. Did you grow up in the D. C. Area?
SPEAKER_L: No I'm actually from Alabama Birmingham Alabama.
SPEAKER_R: I was hoping you were going to say Nebraska. Well that's awesome. When did you move up to the D. C. Area?
SPEAKER_L: um I've been here about seven years, I was in san Francisco before this and then Austin Before that and I met my present partner in Austin and we've been together for about 10 years.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's awesome. What? Congratulations. 10 years. That's
SPEAKER_L: it's a long relationship.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I know. Uh in Austin is a beautiful city as well. I say that never been. I've only seen pictures of it on Wikipedia but it looks like it's a very nice city.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's a great place if I thought about raising kids there because it's just a perfect example of a city and then it's just got so much nature and art and music, it's like if new york were relaxed and prices were cheaper but cultural vibe and a different hipness though, you guys are more like high fashion speeding.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. As you can tell. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You especially did you grow up in new york?
SPEAKER_R: No I grew up in Connecticut so that's why I don't have a new york accent on me. No, no, no. New york accent. In fact, I'm just talking about that with somebody. Hell in Connecticut. We avoided the boston accent, the new york accent, the midwestern accent. We're just we're so goddamn
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: boring to begin with anyway that we just decided not to have an accent up in Connecticut.
SPEAKER_L: that's kind of what's Connecticut like, I don't think I've ever been.
SPEAKER_R: Uh you're not missing much. There's, it's a great place to raise a family and it's a beautiful area to go for. Like the spring, summertime falls nice as well with the leaves. Um in terms of like employment and opportunities, I found it to be quite barren up there and the people were not the friendliest in the world. And that new England mindset is very prevalent up in Connecticut. It's just like, you don't get that warm and fuzzy with the vast majority of people there um there
SPEAKER_L: You think so?
SPEAKER_R: Well, so, but like I find that it's, it's funny you say that. So I feel like new york is very pointed, like we're going to tell you like, hey, we don't like how this conversation's going or it's like the responses like, hey, you either your great or we don't like you at all and we're gonna let you know about it probably within about 15 minutes right in Connecticut. I think we just devise ways of trying to screw the other person over while trying to be that person's friend. That's how I take the conn way of life. And just it's to me it's just I never liked it. Um And I never realized how much I didn't like it until I moved out and came down to the city. So my wife said I have been here for. Um It will cost about 10 years now. Obviously didn't change my accent on the way. But yeah we we it's amazing what 50 miles of a journey will do going from one state to another. And then yeah you have a very different employment opportunity here than you do up in Connecticut probably very similar to D. C. As well where you have all the government organizations and obviously some private industry down there. Then you have uh you're close to like manassas in Quantico sort of right? Yeah. So that I suppose that plays into it too. And you go back to Alabama very often
SPEAKER_L: Um Every once in a while, I mean my family is there uh it's it's quite a track though. I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: you have to fly or can you drive that?
SPEAKER_L: uh I have not driven in years, I usually take a train or a bus down there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that sounds fun.
SPEAKER_L: kind of making a little road trip experience, but I'm getting older now, so I'll probably be flying on
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: most.
SPEAKER_R: I mean the most important thing about a road trip is going to all those Bojangles down there because we don't have those up here and they're quite delicious granted, you know, they could put you to sleep right afterwards. But the rice and the mac and cheese. Very very good. Um
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: Well cool. And all you've got parties down there as well.
SPEAKER_L: parties. Parties.
SPEAKER_R: Hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I grew up in a little town with the hardys. I is it all across the south or just in Alabama?
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I have some family north Carolina as well. Um There's the hardest Bojangles, chick fil a's again, at least £15 and whenever I go down there and visit them um I don't know if it's all over Alabama, I'm sorry. It's all over the south. And that chick fil a was a huge thing that I love going down there for. And it's finally started trekking up here up to the north.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. People are crazy about chick fil A here.
SPEAKER_R: It's not bad. It's not bad at all. Well, hey, um you know, I think we're probably at that time I appreciate
SPEAKER_L: We are.
SPEAKER_R: the conversation as well and I hope that you do find another light just in case because it's a really fun
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: looking late in the background and I would hate to see it get garbage after not working. But in all seriousness. Very nice meeting you
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: too?
SPEAKER_R: um good luck with everything. Good luck with the web development. Who are right.
SPEAKER_L: You too, man. Have a good night.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Bye bye.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.