Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Sure. Mhm. But wait okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah come on. Mhm. Mhm mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah yeah. Uh huh. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
I'm good, how are you?
Uh Thanks. What? I don't remember how many hours, but it's just the only problem with it is that it's impossible to get another light in it, so once it's over you have to buy another one.
Yeah my boyfriend got it and I was like this is pointless, this is yeah. Right, he was excited about it too,
Hanger.
Yeah. Yeah I do but it's not I don't have as many meetings as you do I guess. Why do you think you guys are having, Is it the same amount of meetings or?
personally
do
you
feel
like you're camaraderie is kind of uh falling apart in?
was
but yeah
Um I think it's probably pretty much the same, mm But I'm kind of like working from home for the most and on the side I'm studying web development. So I'm trying to go even more towards working from home. I don't really mind it, but it's like just generally socializing out in the world. I do miss people in general, not looking a word context, but yeah, I'm ready for this to kind of wrap itself up. I don't know if it ever will though.
Um I do blogs, so I work for a company that just like we'll take a different topic and everybody kind of decides what their strengths are and I'll write about like science or literature, anything that I'm interested in and we just kind of do that.
Um html and CSS I've gone kind of deep into those and right now I'm doing Javascript and I had to kind of had to stop the web development course that I was doing to just focus strictly on javascript because it's just it's a it's a different type of thinking that I'm used to it. Uh just something I'm going to have to really and drill into my brain a little bit more than the others because html and CSS like you kind of understand when you see it, the output is pretty clear but it's a little bit more convoluted with javascript, so that's that's about where I'm at with it.
I'm doing you Demi which is, have you heard of it
grouping?
I'm doing a lady, this british lady,
he
is
great.
I think I think it just made sense to me. It was I did not struggle a lot. There's some ch ch S. C. S. S that is a little bit more complicated. I know I'm gonna have to go back after learning javascript. It's just like you have to keep interacting with it. That's what I've found. And I need to start doing little projects on my own. Just uh that's probably going to be the most helpful. Like I made my friend a little birthday card web page for her birthday. I just need to keep up with stuff like that so I can keep using my skills because right now my html and CSS are just like tanking while I try to learn javascript. And it's just like I've got a book on my Kindle about Javascript. I'm trying to really bathe myself in it because it's no it's just it's harder than I thought it would be
Um I think I'll see what the options available to me are. Honestly I would love to do freelance just because of the freedom. But if I found a job that offered like good health care benefits, that would also be nice because I'm at the age where like maybe I want to settle down and have a kid one day, so I don't know what you work
with computers.
For people.
Well,
yeah, as a big decision. So
you
know.
another
thing that I've considered like even just having the kid delivering the kid is so expensive. It's
I understand
or
insurance,
you have
cheap.
Yeah. I don't know if I'm ready. Yeah.
no.
with your kids, both of you guys are working from home with your kids.
We're
Oh, that's good.
No, I think that's really important. Especially for like that's another reason I haven't had kids yet is because I just kind of want to be there for the first few years and not working but maybe that can coincide with like web development and working from home. I just think it's kind of important for them to have a family member for the first couple of years around. I know some people that are having kids and they like have a nanny and they both the parents leave the house and I just don't really feel that doesn't feel like the model I'd like to take.
I didn't I haven't even asked that kind of question but
he
moved with them.
What?
Why?
Health
degree or something? What is what makes her worth that much money what your kids
is?
I mean
so she's middle
age maybe I guess
30 850 is a pretty big rate. Uh huh. I
can't tell her she looks good for her age or she and.
Keep in new york that really?
I
think
probably like similar housing. I'm in D. C.
I.
Yeah I just feel like at least the first three years or so formative as far as like I just want them to feel safe and have a relationship with me that's built on I don't know. Those are early. There's an important years in building psychology for a kid so I don't want to just like hand that off to someone that I have no idea what's going on if I can help it.
No I'm actually from Alabama Birmingham Alabama.
um I've been here about seven years, I was in san Francisco before this and then Austin Before that and I met my present partner in Austin and we've been together for about 10 years.
it's a long relationship.
No, it's a great place if I thought about raising kids there because it's just a perfect example of a city and then it's just got so much nature and art and music, it's like if new york were relaxed and prices were cheaper but cultural vibe and a different hipness though, you guys are more like high fashion speeding.
All right.
You especially did you grow up in new york?
You
that's kind of what's Connecticut like, I don't think I've ever been.
You think so?
Um Every once in a while, I mean my family is there uh it's it's quite a track though. I
go
uh I have not driven in years, I usually take a train or a bus down there. Yeah,
kind of making a little road trip experience, but I'm getting older now, so I'll probably be flying on
most.
Like
parties. Parties.
Yeah. I grew up in a little town with the hardys. I is it all across the south or just in Alabama?
Yeah. People are crazy about chick fil A here.
We are.
What?
You,
too?
You too, man. Have a good night.
Bye.