SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Hey there, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well about yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. A little warm for my liking for november. But I live
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: in florida this I was I was usually warm but not this one.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I live in southern California, so I know I just opened the sliding glass door and I'm like, why did I do that? I should have just turned on the air conditioning, like that's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. How how warm is it out there right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it's in the mid, mid to high eighties right now. I haven't exactly
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: checked because I've been kind of busy this morning, but I can feel it.
SPEAKER_R: Right, wow. That's even warmer than here. We're in the like the low eighties right now, but with the humidity it feels like it's in the upper eighties, so.
SPEAKER_L: I lived in florida before for several years and the humidity just makes it like a million times worse. It's something that I didn't account for when I moved there. I was
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like, what the hell is this?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah. The temperatures aren't all that bad. I mean there's a couple of months in the summer who are you know upper nineties and for the for the actual temperature isn't all that great. But outside of that, you know when winners are my old and rusty years warmish but not too bad when you look at the temperatures, but you factor in that humidity and it's like until the different experience.
SPEAKER_L: And I think for women, especially like, you know, we have, it affects our hair, like you try to put on makeup and it just like slides off your face, like, it's a huge pain in the ass. And I was just like, you know, if I ever wanted to do anything outside, like pull weeds or like anything outside, like just be outside and do something, I would always just say like, oh well, let me wake up earlier tomorrow to get a head start on it and I'd be up at like five a.m. And I'm still like, it's still humid and hot, like there's no getting around this, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I totally do that. Yeah. If I do anything in the yard, it's either first thing in the morning or like half an hour before sunset. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I remember like my ex uh many, many years ago, but my ex, he moved to southern California, that's how we met. And when he came to southern California, he decided to go, you know, his car broke down or whatever because he had like an old used car. So he decided to go buy a new car. And when he came home with his new car, we were like, just barely dating. So it wasn't my place to say anything or, and he came home with a new car and he had no air conditioning in the car. Like he bought the car with no air conditioning and I was like are you crazy? Like what is wrong with you? Like take this car back and get air conditioning, you need air conditioning in southern California. Um It was already like, you know May? And I was like dude, I don't know if you know if you, because he had just moved, I said I'm not sure if you're aware of what's coming, but come september august sept like you're gonna be dying in that car and if we're going to still be dating, like I'm going to be in your car that wouldn't be complaining about this lack
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: of american. And I tried to, you know, just say like, hey I know I can't tell you what to do and stuff, but like dude, what did you do? And he was just like, no, because the weather here is like so much better, like I could totally tolerate it because florida is horrible and I didn't know exactly what he was talking about until I moved there. And then once I moved there I was like, oh I see kind of like his perspective like it's a dry, he it's tolerable
SPEAKER_R: 34
SPEAKER_L: and stuff, but then he did, you know, regret it once august hit, he was like, oh I should have gotten air conditioning and I was like, well what you gonna do? Yeah, it's only something you're going to sit in for 10 years. So it's not like it's a big deal or anything or that you made a long term commitment to something that isn't going to work out. But he was pretty, he was pretty frugal. So that was, you know his way of saving money on the car I guess because I think he saved like I think three grand or something at the time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, it's unheard here. I mean that's the one thing I didn't like about when I lived in Los Angeles proper, like I lived in Hollywood, Hollywood and like a lot of the apartments there, that's the weird thing about southern California. There's a lot of apartments that are old and they don't have air conditioning or they don't have central air, they just have a room unit and it's so frustrating because it's super hot and the rents are super high. By the way, it's not like, you know, renter astronomically high. And you know, I in this last move I made was like, you know what, I have to have central error. Like I'm just too old, I'm just too old. I work hard, You know, I have to have central air. The last apartment I lived and had a just a room air conditioning unit and it was in the front room. So what I did was just move my entire bedroom and everything into that room, you know? So my living room was the bedroom and then my my bedroom was the living room because that's where the A. C. Unit was. And that's kind of what you find a lot of in southern California is just so many places don't have air conditioning. They emerge astronomical rents, but there's no central
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: A. C. And they have these clunky like room air conditioning units and then you know, you're not allowed to install anything, touch anything, do anything so you don't, that's all you have. Yeah. So people always remarked when they come over
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: good?
SPEAKER_L: why are we hanging out in the bedroom? Like because like I have to have the A. C. Where I sleep like if
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: not I won't sleep, you know? So this place I have now has central air. That was like my number one thing was central error. I was like, I need it.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely, I I can't even imagine doing it. I mean I've I lived in a in a place about 15 years ago for just just a couple of months, like about a half a year after I left florida and moved back to florida, I stayed with my parents for a couple of months and then they went ahead and moved into a retirement community. So I'm like okay so you know scrambling real fast talked a bunch of friends. Um And a friend had a uh his parents had a rental house that they weren't running out that year for whatever reason. And so they let me stay in there basically
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: rent free. You know I
SPEAKER_L: nine.
SPEAKER_R: basically just yeah obviously just had to pay the power bill and yeah and any other water bill, power bill associated with it. And uh it had had to room units. I had a small little one maybe 5000 BTUs in the bedroom and it had like eight or 10,000 Btu window unit in the living room. So it wasn't bad, it was summertime so it was the peak of the heat and humidity. So I ran them both pretty much you know, as often as I could. And and even then every night I would turn off the one in the living room, had closed up my bedroom like an hour before I went to bed and just crank the little unit as high as it would go and just let that run, you know all night long and just keep the bedroom door closed over Tax that, which is like I said it was a little five or 6000 BTU unit. So it would actually just start rallying and overheating
SPEAKER_L: I think that.
SPEAKER_R: and all that if it ran too much. So. But yeah, so I did that for six months and at that point I was just like, yeah, I'll never do that again. No,
SPEAKER_L: How is your power bill doing that though? Like was it okay or
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: was it experiment
SPEAKER_R: was, yeah, it wasn't that bad. Power power bills. Uh the area I live in, um I live in Volusia County. Um So same counties Daytona Beach, pretty much about the halfway point between Daytona Beach in Orlando, about about 30 minutes to either city. And uh, there I live in, the power is really, is not that much even have a house now. And even with the house, I only pay why I do the, what they call the budget building where they average out your use every year and divided by 12. And that's what you pay for the next year. And then they average that out. And if you pay too much and you pay less than next year, if you didn't pay enough, if you pay more
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: next year, so I pay 100 like 100 and $2 a month, is what I pay. And that's what I mean. I was small house, it's a one bedroom house with an extra room because um you can't legally call it a two bedroom house because the second bedroom was added on after the house was originally built, so by law has to be called a one bedroom house with an extra room, but basically it's a two bedroom house,
SPEAKER_L: But wow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Uh huh. But
SPEAKER_L: Well all about where you're from though, because a lot of people like in the suburbs of L. A. Think like 100 and two among power bill is like they would kill themselves if they had something that high. But I think you guys are from florida and you're used to cranking your A. C. And if you're kind of a victim to a higher bill because like I know like my mom will be like my bill was $19 and it was too much. You know what I'm like oh my god, I don't even want to tell her like what mine is because I'm cranking that a. C. Unit you know constantly like oh my
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: god. Like. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we uh I have friends uh and uh they're married, they have three kids and um my best friend's mother in law was with them too, and uh they pay like almost $300 a month, I'm just like, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: god. But it's really about like, I mean now that I'm getting older, it's like about your quality of life too, you know like I don't know like I was just raised to be super frugal. So like spending money has always been hard for me
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and you know, so in the last couple of years I've gotten a little
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: bit better about like it's just worth it, you know what I mean? It's hard for me to like rationalize spending money sometimes, you know what I mean? Like it took me a long time to figure it out like oh it's worth it, you know because I have peace of mind or it's worth it because I'm stressing like 20% less and that's good or like you know, it's worth it because now I'm smiling. I don't know. I know it sounds like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No, no, totally makes sense, you're absolutely right. Yeah, I mean I grew up fairly poor, I mean and I won't say we were poor poor, but we were we were definitely uh there were several years, we struggled when I was a kid uh there was a couple of christmases that almost pretty much did happen, you know I mean we were little kids when we found out that santa wasn't real because my parents had to tell us. Yeah because christmas was gonna be really as far as that year, you know? And uh so growing up like that you know? Yeah, you definitely don't want to spend. I mean, yeah, I beat myself up every time I spend any any money that I don't have to. Yeah, just like yeah, I mean and I've learned to treat myself especially especially now with this whole covid and being, being, working at home stuck at home, being a slave. People barely seen people I know, you know the only people I talked to a regular basis in person is like at the grocery store, you know. Yeah, stuff like that. I mean I do have some friends and we do get together once a month or so, a couple of us just yeah because we can't stand not seeing each other in person you know. Yeah we're gonna do it thursday were three of us are gonna get together and do a whole pizza game night but outside of that you know so you know I've learned that it's okay to treat myself even a little bit more than I normally treat myself you know go out and you know get get dinner at my favorite restaurant, grab takeout and bring it home you know
SPEAKER_L: For sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because
SPEAKER_L: Isn't
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: yeah because it's just you know I mean with all the additional stress I mean yeah and I'm very much a fruit is one of the boys, I reward myself, I'm an emotional
SPEAKER_L: detail?
SPEAKER_R: eater so yeah yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's like my number one splurges eating out or ordering takeout and stuff because I'm just such a food person, it just brings me such like comfort and excitement. I love to eat like different ethnic foods. Like I literally, I literally moved to where I moved now because I used to live here and I moved to another area and they don't have access to the same food and restaurants that I have here, it's just like a farther drive and stuff. And so I know it sounds ridiculous but I actually love living in this area because like I know like I have my Peruvian food, I have my thai food, I have my chinese food, I have like you know like my colleague apoyo place. I have like my I have my places and they're all within like a five minute driver or radius to me where I am and that just makes me feel comfortable. I know people say you're crazy and I'm like and it's just like a really quiet sleepy area that still has like ethnic diversity and still has ethnic foods and um you know in the suburbs of L. A. There's a lot of like pockets of just like where there's people who are all the same and you can't find even like one giant like real chinese restaurant or anything and you're like to me that the anxiety so I know I'm crazy, I'm so into food, it's unbelievable. But that was like the first thing when I moved to florida, I moved to Sarasota florida, I don't know where that is, but that's um think in Orange County, you know, Orange County uh is also in California, that's where I'm from. And I have Orange County in florida and sure you, it's just like a very lazy sleepy area. And when I first moved, the first thing I asked was okay where is the thai restaurant? And my ax side come again. I said where is let's go get ty. And he said no can do and I said well we'll just like the chinese restaurant then and he said no, no can do. And I said uh you know there has to be a chinese restaurant, like I've never been, there has to be, and he was just like uh no. And uh my mind was blown, like we were in the shower and I mean my mind was blown and I immediately just said,
SPEAKER_R: What this is?
SPEAKER_L: oh my God, what have I done, what am I going to do? Right? And then like of course the radio came on and I'm like, oh let's put it to the, let's change it to the alternative rock station or let's say he was just like no, there is nothing. And I'm like come again. And he was just like no, but I mean there's rock music, there's all kinds of rock music, but like K rock, how we have in LA, like that's not going to happen. And I was just like uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I was devastated. I was like what in the hell have you gotten me into
SPEAKER_R: The market
SPEAKER_L: like what is going on? And I don't mean to sound like snobby about it. I know when I talk, sometimes people don't know me, I sound like like snobby, but I'm not I'm just from L. A. Like I can't help it. I'm from
SPEAKER_R: now?
SPEAKER_L: L. A. I don't know what to tell. Your parents raised me here, it wasn't my choice, I wasn't here. And the first thing I had to do to get over was okay. So this is embarrassing story. But whatever. So we went to Dunkin Donuts because I was like, well screw it. If we don't have thai food, we don't have chinese food, let's go get coffee. Whatever. They went to Dunkin Donuts. Um Well you know parked and I was walking in the front door, he stayed in the car for some reason and maybe he was smoking a cigarette or something. I don't know, he smoked a lot of cigarettes or something. And so I said, okay. So I walk up to the front door and there's this person, he's like holding the door open for me and I just look at him and I'm like, can I help you? And he's like, do you want to go into Dunkin Donuts? And I'm like, yeah, so can you can you can excuse me, or can I get the like, he was like, I'm opening the door for you. And I was like, oh my God, okay, well have a nice day. So I go inside and I go to the counter, there's like no line. And the woman as sweet as pie and she's like, oh honey, you know how can I help you? And I'm thinking I have, honey, don't call me honey, right? And I'm just getting all irritable, right? And this has nothing to do with the thai food at this point and I'm getting irritable. So I said I want a cup of coffee and I want this and I want this. And my friends coming in and he's going to order and she's like asking me so how do you take your coffee? And I'm like, huh? It was like how do you take your coffee hunt? And I'm like none of our business. Can I? My coffee? Excuse me? She's just like, she's exasperated like mortify like oh and she's like I just wanted I'm making your coffee. So I just do you want cream and sugar or do you want cream and you know and and splenda or cream And I think that the time was sweet and low. Cream and sweet where you want it black And I was like, I am so sorry like cream and sugar. Okay, hun. Their ain't no problem. You want like light or dark light. Okay. And then like, you know, by then my ex had already walked in and he was just laughing and he told her that I apologize for her, she's from L. A. She's from Los Angeles. And I went, oh, that makes sense. Right? I would go to the gas station and you know, a man was like filling up his car and he comes over and he's like, oh you want me to help you pump your gas? And I'm like, um should I call the police? Are you trying to assault me? Get away from me? Get away from my car. You know, and I have to be explained like these people here are nice, like it's a slower paced environment. People
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: are not
SPEAKER_R: husband?
SPEAKER_L: out to get you.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: They're not trying to solicit something from you. They're not trying to hit on you or you know, anything like that. They're just like people who are nice who like they offer better service and people are more friendly and people, it's more of a neighborhood vibe. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so embarrassed about my behavior because you know when you live in a place like L. A.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you're used to like, for instance, like if a man is like trying to talk to you at a gas station and they're usually trying to like hit on you, sell you something like whatever and
SPEAKER_R: hustling
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: something?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I mean like it was so embarrassing my behavior like, and I'm actually a nice person and people say that they think I'm pretty polite and nice and I mean people, I mean he was just mortified about my behavior like left and right. So he had to talk with me a couple of times and then I said, oh, so people are just genuinely being nice and trying to help me. And he said, yeah. And I was like, oh, this is fabulous. This is so, you
SPEAKER_R: was funny.
SPEAKER_L: know, so I know when I talk to other people, sometimes they're just like, wow, what is it with that lady? And I'm like, well, it's just because like that's how I was raised, you know, and that's the environment I'm in. It's just very much like don't talk to a stranger. People are just trying to scam and solicit you like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: around.
SPEAKER_L: and so that's why the whole like prolific, like talk to a stranger for 25 minutes. I'm like, this is weird. You know? Like what, like, okay, I guess. Well, this is what my parents have told me since I was two years old. Not to do but okay I'll do it because if it is paying like X amount of money to do it so let me do it. But it's kind of it's a big cultural difference and I loved it because I thought wow how refreshing people just being nice and trying to help each other. That's beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's interesting. You know the difference, I've never been all the way out west out there by friends who either moved out there are friends online, friends who are from out there and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: talk,
SPEAKER_L: He's high, it's hot. Okay just leave him with sorry I I lost your volume for a second. What did you say?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I was just saying, you know, it's interesting the differences from the different parts of the country, you know, like I've never been out all the way, I was in California, but I have friends who are out there, people have known who moved out there or like online friends who have always been out there and back in the nineties, used to go up to new york all the time and I love big cities, I love going to the big city and check it out, just seeing all the people and all and uh you know, down here, you know, everyone has the attitude that everyone up in new york is rude and and all that and uh they're not ruined, it's just different, you know, they're they're not like the way we are and uh but the biggest thing, the first thing that stood out for me, like when I first went up to new york to first, because we, we had met some people, I was married at the time and my uh, my wife and I have medicine people online. Um and we went out to visit them after knowing them for about a year and a half and chatting with them online, everything. So we went out to visit them and going up there is just like, everybody slams their car doors, everybody slams the front door, every door slam slam slam. And I told my, told one of the uh, one of our friends up there about him, like, y'all slam your doors, What do you mean? Y'all slam your doors, That's what I mean. I mean, every door slam slam slam corridors, you don't close it, you slam your corridor, you slam your front door, you know? Well, God make sure it's shut, You don't have to slam it. We get the same cars down there in florida, we get the same way back cars. You don't have to frame them. Promise.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's good because you have like you see you have a perspective, you know you can see the greater picture like it's just a cultural difference and the pace is different. But like my best friend, she moved in new york city for a couple years and she said you know what? People are nicer in a way and more talkative, but that's once you get over the initial rudeness or you know, guard being guarded, People are guarded once you get over the garden nous, the first couple of minutes people just like open up and they're super interesting and quirky and fun and cool. She's like, but you just have to get over that like initial thing. And then she also was funny, she called me from her, she was on super Shuttle or something. One of those shuttle buses that used to people used to take airports all the time and she calls me and she's like, I just landed, you know, an hour ago and I'm in the super shuttle were on the sidewalks, we're on the sidewalks, this guy's driving on the sidewalk, so if you don't hear from me in the next hour I'm dead click and I'm like, oh God, maybe she should not be my best friend because she gives me like heart palpitations. So you know the whole next hour, I'm just like watching my phone like is she dead? Is she alive? You know, but it's fine. She said she's like literally the super shuttles here. They were known in L. A. For being super aggressive. Like I've nearly died like a couple of times in super shuttles because the drivers, you know, they don't make a lot of money. It's all based on how many people they transport and how quickly if they can pick up another big sample of people that get paid an extra, whatever how much so, and then they hips, but you know, people tip them like either nothing or a dollar so it's like not an easy life too, wasn't easy to be a super shuttle driver at the time. And so I feel them because you know I've been in a super shuttle where again they get a call from someone like dispatch or management and they say like you have eight minutes to get from Malibu to Beverly hills and back you know and they're like and they're just like and so I said of course they drive on the sidewalks in new york city like what else would they do? Like they got to make a living too, you know? So wow.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: So how long have you been on prolific?
SPEAKER_R: I started prolific uh not quite a year and a half ago, I'd say about a year and four months ago. So some are, some are live here. I started doing it. I um I was working in the factory and uh, I have scoliosis and arthritis in my spine and I'm 51 years old, so All right, okay. All my life I've had it and I've always had physical jobs and all that. And it just finally caught up to me where I just we were working six days a week, 55 hours a week. The pay was great, you know, getting overtime every week, but I didn't have a life outside of work because I only had only had 1 1.5 days off. We called our weekend because we would work early on Saturdays for like a six day shift and then have to get off in the afternoon, had the evening off, and then have sunday off and then starting monday, it was back to 10 hour days and you know, so every morning before work, I basically just spent time rehabbing my back where I could get the point where I could go to work and do the work, just to come home and have to relax and rehab and do it all over again. Yeah, so, so I left that job, I had money saved up and I'm like, you know what, I'm going to take three or four months off. I'm giving myself a paid vacation. Yeah, my my birthday was in september and this was back in um I quit the job and I think it was May of a yeah, maybe last year. So I was like, you know, I'm taking time off, I'm gonna give myself at least off through my birthday. So I don't have to like be starting a new job and have to work on my birthday because that's like my one rule if at all possible, I do not work on my birthdays. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's a good role
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And uh but if I started, you know I started job in august, you know, chances are they're not gonna get me on my birthday off. Yeah, well your brand new, you're you haven't even hit your 90 days yet.
SPEAKER_L: process.
SPEAKER_R: You're asking for our day off, you know,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: to hell with you. Just like give myself all through my birthday and then yeah in the meantime I forgot what I'm gonna do after that. But yeah so I did that so I'm like well you know I've got money but I'd rather still make a little bit extra money you know doing stuff. So a friend of mine told me about prolific and that's how I got started doing that. So yeah like I said it was about july of last year I think.
SPEAKER_L: and then for this round we can do because they have different rounds of this, right? Have you done like different rounds of this chat with a stranger thing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah the first the first one of this I did back in february I think the first round did that and I did a couple of people that time. Um The next round was in the spring to early summer and I did only did one person. I had a couple of failed ones.
SPEAKER_L: Needs
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: to go. Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: I hate
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: then and then last time the last round I did to people and then you're the second person I've done this round.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool because they said we could do up to seven but I just start now,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm on so if I did one 1 to 2 yeah you're you're my fifth one. So for the record I could do two more,
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. So you've been chatting, you've been busy chatting like you're chatting up a store. That's
SPEAKER_R: to at least hey I mean it's easy way yeah for less than half an hour to you know make a halfway decent amount of money. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: sure that's what I'm doing. And I mean I I think once I got, once I got over my initial fear of doing the first one, which is stupid because I'm so extroverted, why did, why would I be if I don't know
SPEAKER_R: uh Something different and
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: new
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: things are scary.
SPEAKER_L: the last person I spoke with and now we have to end soon. But the last person I spoke with, like I asked him like where he was from and he was like well the rules state that I am not allowed to tell you my location and I was like um how about just like us, not us. I just want to know time zone more because like you say good
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: morning, good afternoon based on a time zone. And I was like, and I said, or you could just like time zone or like us, not us. It was kind of funny. Like he was like, well the rules state, you know, blah, blah, blah and in paragraph for it also stated, I'm not allowed to tell you, you know? Um but and I was like, wow kudos to you for reading all of that. I mean, I normally read stuff, but like your retention is on point. But I was
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like, I said, I'm not trying to like kidnap you. Like I'm not gonna go hunt you down and sell you into like slavery somewhere. Like just not us or east coast, west coast, like just the Earth, Earth. I don't know, like just something. So it was, I mean, but he ended up being like a super lovely person you know? But I was like this is a little awkward is he?
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: To tell me like if he's in the U. S. Well anyways it's been a pleasure chatting with you. I
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: wish you the best
SPEAKER_R: Oh thank you to stay
SPEAKER_L: A.
SPEAKER_R: safe.
SPEAKER_L: C crank in.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: Okay I'll to have a great day.