Hey. Hey there, how are you?
Not too bad. A little warm for my liking for november. But I live
in florida this I was I was usually warm but not this one.
Right. Right. How how warm is it out there right now?
Yeah.
Right, wow. That's even warmer than here. We're in the like the low eighties right now, but with the humidity it feels like it's in the upper eighties, so.
All
Right. Right. Yeah. The temperatures aren't all that bad. I mean there's a couple of months in the summer who are you know upper nineties and for the for the actual temperature isn't all that great. But outside of that, you know when winners are my old and rusty years warmish but not too bad when you look at the temperatures, but you factor in that humidity and it's like until the different experience.
Yeah, I I totally do that. Yeah. If I do anything in the yard, it's either first thing in the morning or like half an hour before sunset. Yeah.
All
34
Oh, I'm sure. Yeah.
No.
What
good?
All
Absolutely, I I can't even imagine doing it. I mean I've I lived in a in a place about 15 years ago for just just a couple of months, like about a half a year after I left florida and moved back to florida, I stayed with my parents for a couple of months and then they went ahead and moved into a retirement community. So I'm like okay so you know scrambling real fast talked a bunch of friends. Um And a friend had a uh his parents had a rental house that they weren't running out that year for whatever reason. And so they let me stay in there basically
rent free. You know I
basically just yeah obviously just had to pay the power bill and yeah and any other water bill, power bill associated with it. And uh it had had to room units. I had a small little one maybe 5000 BTUs in the bedroom and it had like eight or 10,000 Btu window unit in the living room. So it wasn't bad, it was summertime so it was the peak of the heat and humidity. So I ran them both pretty much you know, as often as I could. And and even then every night I would turn off the one in the living room, had closed up my bedroom like an hour before I went to bed and just crank the little unit as high as it would go and just let that run, you know all night long and just keep the bedroom door closed over Tax that, which is like I said it was a little five or 6000 BTU unit. So it would actually just start rallying and overheating
and all that if it ran too much. So. But yeah, so I did that for six months and at that point I was just like, yeah, I'll never do that again. No,
it
was, yeah, it wasn't that bad. Power power bills. Uh the area I live in, um I live in Volusia County. Um So same counties Daytona Beach, pretty much about the halfway point between Daytona Beach in Orlando, about about 30 minutes to either city. And uh, there I live in, the power is really, is not that much even have a house now. And even with the house, I only pay why I do the, what they call the budget building where they average out your use every year and divided by 12. And that's what you pay for the next year. And then they average that out. And if you pay too much and you pay less than next year, if you didn't pay enough, if you pay more
next year, so I pay 100 like 100 and $2 a month, is what I pay. And that's what I mean. I was small house, it's a one bedroom house with an extra room because um you can't legally call it a two bedroom house because the second bedroom was added on after the house was originally built, so by law has to be called a one bedroom house with an extra room, but basically it's a two bedroom house,
yeah. Uh huh. But
Right.
Yeah, we uh I have friends uh and uh they're married, they have three kids and um my best friend's mother in law was with them too, and uh they pay like almost $300 a month, I'm just like, wow. Yeah.
All
What?
Mhm. No, no, totally makes sense, you're absolutely right. Yeah, I mean I grew up fairly poor, I mean and I won't say we were poor poor, but we were we were definitely uh there were several years, we struggled when I was a kid uh there was a couple of christmases that almost pretty much did happen, you know I mean we were little kids when we found out that santa wasn't real because my parents had to tell us. Yeah because christmas was gonna be really as far as that year, you know? And uh so growing up like that you know? Yeah, you definitely don't want to spend. I mean, yeah, I beat myself up every time I spend any any money that I don't have to. Yeah, just like yeah, I mean and I've learned to treat myself especially especially now with this whole covid and being, being, working at home stuck at home, being a slave. People barely seen people I know, you know the only people I talked to a regular basis in person is like at the grocery store, you know. Yeah, stuff like that. I mean I do have some friends and we do get together once a month or so, a couple of us just yeah because we can't stand not seeing each other in person you know. Yeah we're gonna do it thursday were three of us are gonna get together and do a whole pizza game night but outside of that you know so you know I've learned that it's okay to treat myself even a little bit more than I normally treat myself you know go out and you know get get dinner at my favorite restaurant, grab takeout and bring it home you know
Yeah because
you have
to
yeah because it's just you know I mean with all the additional stress I mean yeah and I'm very much a fruit is one of the boys, I reward myself, I'm an emotional
eater so yeah yeah.
What this is?
Okay.
The market
now?
Your
husband?
No.
Thank
you.
hustling
or
something?
was funny.
around.
Yeah. It's interesting. You know the difference, I've never been all the way out west out there by friends who either moved out there are friends online, friends who are from out there and
we'll
talk,
Uh No I was just saying, you know, it's interesting the differences from the different parts of the country, you know, like I've never been out all the way, I was in California, but I have friends who are out there, people have known who moved out there or like online friends who have always been out there and back in the nineties, used to go up to new york all the time and I love big cities, I love going to the big city and check it out, just seeing all the people and all and uh you know, down here, you know, everyone has the attitude that everyone up in new york is rude and and all that and uh they're not ruined, it's just different, you know, they're they're not like the way we are and uh but the biggest thing, the first thing that stood out for me, like when I first went up to new york to first, because we, we had met some people, I was married at the time and my uh, my wife and I have medicine people online. Um and we went out to visit them after knowing them for about a year and a half and chatting with them online, everything. So we went out to visit them and going up there is just like, everybody slams their car doors, everybody slams the front door, every door slam slam slam. And I told my, told one of the uh, one of our friends up there about him, like, y'all slam your doors, What do you mean? Y'all slam your doors, That's what I mean. I mean, every door slam slam slam corridors, you don't close it, you slam your corridor, you slam your front door, you know? Well, God make sure it's shut, You don't have to slam it. We get the same cars down there in florida, we get the same way back cars. You don't have to frame them. Promise.
And
I started prolific uh not quite a year and a half ago, I'd say about a year and four months ago. So some are, some are live here. I started doing it. I um I was working in the factory and uh, I have scoliosis and arthritis in my spine and I'm 51 years old, so All right, okay. All my life I've had it and I've always had physical jobs and all that. And it just finally caught up to me where I just we were working six days a week, 55 hours a week. The pay was great, you know, getting overtime every week, but I didn't have a life outside of work because I only had only had 1 1.5 days off. We called our weekend because we would work early on Saturdays for like a six day shift and then have to get off in the afternoon, had the evening off, and then have sunday off and then starting monday, it was back to 10 hour days and you know, so every morning before work, I basically just spent time rehabbing my back where I could get the point where I could go to work and do the work, just to come home and have to relax and rehab and do it all over again. Yeah, so, so I left that job, I had money saved up and I'm like, you know what, I'm going to take three or four months off. I'm giving myself a paid vacation. Yeah, my my birthday was in september and this was back in um I quit the job and I think it was May of a yeah, maybe last year. So I was like, you know, I'm taking time off, I'm gonna give myself at least off through my birthday. So I don't have to like be starting a new job and have to work on my birthday because that's like my one rule if at all possible, I do not work on my birthdays. Yeah.
Yeah. And uh but if I started, you know I started job in august, you know, chances are they're not gonna get me on my birthday off. Yeah, well your brand new, you're you haven't even hit your 90 days yet.
You're asking for our day off, you know,
to hell with you. Just like give myself all through my birthday and then yeah in the meantime I forgot what I'm gonna do after that. But yeah so I did that so I'm like well you know I've got money but I'd rather still make a little bit extra money you know doing stuff. So a friend of mine told me about prolific and that's how I got started doing that. So yeah like I said it was about july of last year I think.
Yeah. Yeah the first the first one of this I did back in february I think the first round did that and I did a couple of people that time. Um The next round was in the spring to early summer and I did only did one person. I had a couple of failed ones.
But
yeah
and
then and then last time the last round I did to people and then you're the second person I've done this round.
Yeah I'm on so if I did one 1 to 2 yeah you're you're my fifth one. So for the record I could do two more,
to at least hey I mean it's easy way yeah for less than half an hour to you know make a halfway decent amount of money. Okay.
uh Something different and
new
things are scary.
All
All
All
Absolutely.
Oh thank you to stay
safe.
Absolutely.