Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Hello?
I'm doing well about yourself.
I mean
Oh, I live in southern California, so I know I just opened the sliding glass door and I'm like, why did I do that? I should have just turned on the air conditioning, like that's ridiculous.
Um I think it's in the mid, mid to high eighties right now. I haven't exactly
checked because I've been kind of busy this morning, but I can feel it.
I lived in florida before for several years and the humidity just makes it like a million times worse. It's something that I didn't account for when I moved there. I was
like, what the hell is this?
And I think for women, especially like, you know, we have, it affects our hair, like you try to put on makeup and it just like slides off your face, like, it's a huge pain in the ass. And I was just like, you know, if I ever wanted to do anything outside, like pull weeds or like anything outside, like just be outside and do something, I would always just say like, oh well, let me wake up earlier tomorrow to get a head start on it and I'd be up at like five a.m. And I'm still like, it's still humid and hot, like there's no getting around this, right?
Yeah. Yeah. I remember like my ex uh many, many years ago, but my ex, he moved to southern California, that's how we met. And when he came to southern California, he decided to go, you know, his car broke down or whatever because he had like an old used car. So he decided to go buy a new car. And when he came home with his new car, we were like, just barely dating. So it wasn't my place to say anything or, and he came home with a new car and he had no air conditioning in the car. Like he bought the car with no air conditioning and I was like are you crazy? Like what is wrong with you? Like take this car back and get air conditioning, you need air conditioning in southern California. Um It was already like, you know May? And I was like dude, I don't know if you know if you, because he had just moved, I said I'm not sure if you're aware of what's coming, but come september august sept like you're gonna be dying in that car and if we're going to still be dating, like I'm going to be in your car that wouldn't be complaining about this lack
of american. And I tried to, you know, just say like, hey I know I can't tell you what to do and stuff, but like dude, what did you do? And he was just like, no, because the weather here is like so much better, like I could totally tolerate it because florida is horrible and I didn't know exactly what he was talking about until I moved there. And then once I moved there I was like, oh I see kind of like his perspective like it's a dry, he it's tolerable
and stuff, but then he did, you know, regret it once august hit, he was like, oh I should have gotten air conditioning and I was like, well what you gonna do? Yeah, it's only something you're going to sit in for 10 years. So it's not like it's a big deal or anything or that you made a long term commitment to something that isn't going to work out. But he was pretty, he was pretty frugal. So that was, you know his way of saving money on the car I guess because I think he saved like I think three grand or something at the time.
Okay, it's unheard here. I mean that's the one thing I didn't like about when I lived in Los Angeles proper, like I lived in Hollywood, Hollywood and like a lot of the apartments there, that's the weird thing about southern California. There's a lot of apartments that are old and they don't have air conditioning or they don't have central air, they just have a room unit and it's so frustrating because it's super hot and the rents are super high. By the way, it's not like, you know, renter astronomically high. And you know, I in this last move I made was like, you know what, I have to have central error. Like I'm just too old, I'm just too old. I work hard, You know, I have to have central air. The last apartment I lived and had a just a room air conditioning unit and it was in the front room. So what I did was just move my entire bedroom and everything into that room, you know? So my living room was the bedroom and then my my bedroom was the living room because that's where the A. C. Unit was. And that's kind of what you find a lot of in southern California is just so many places don't have air conditioning. They emerge astronomical rents, but there's no central
A. C. And they have these clunky like room air conditioning units and then you know, you're not allowed to install anything, touch anything, do anything so you don't, that's all you have. Yeah. So people always remarked when they come over
like
why are we hanging out in the bedroom? Like because like I have to have the A. C. Where I sleep like if
not I won't sleep, you know? So this place I have now has central air. That was like my number one thing was central error. I was like, I need it.
You know
nine.
I think that.
How is your power bill doing that though? Like was it okay or
was it experiment
That,
But wow.
Well all about where you're from though, because a lot of people like in the suburbs of L. A. Think like 100 and two among power bill is like they would kill themselves if they had something that high. But I think you guys are from florida and you're used to cranking your A. C. And if you're kind of a victim to a higher bill because like I know like my mom will be like my bill was $19 and it was too much. You know what I'm like oh my god, I don't even want to tell her like what mine is because I'm cranking that a. C. Unit you know constantly like oh my
god. Like. Yeah. Yeah.
god. But it's really about like, I mean now that I'm getting older, it's like about your quality of life too, you know like I don't know like I was just raised to be super frugal. So like spending money has always been hard for me
and you know, so in the last couple of years I've gotten a little
bit better about like it's just worth it, you know what I mean? It's hard for me to like rationalize spending money sometimes, you know what I mean? Like it took me a long time to figure it out like oh it's worth it, you know because I have peace of mind or it's worth it because I'm stressing like 20% less and that's good or like you know, it's worth it because now I'm smiling. I don't know. I know it sounds like
For sure.
Isn't
that
something
detail?
that's like my number one splurges eating out or ordering takeout and stuff because I'm just such a food person, it just brings me such like comfort and excitement. I love to eat like different ethnic foods. Like I literally, I literally moved to where I moved now because I used to live here and I moved to another area and they don't have access to the same food and restaurants that I have here, it's just like a farther drive and stuff. And so I know it sounds ridiculous but I actually love living in this area because like I know like I have my Peruvian food, I have my thai food, I have my chinese food, I have like you know like my colleague apoyo place. I have like my I have my places and they're all within like a five minute driver or radius to me where I am and that just makes me feel comfortable. I know people say you're crazy and I'm like and it's just like a really quiet sleepy area that still has like ethnic diversity and still has ethnic foods and um you know in the suburbs of L. A. There's a lot of like pockets of just like where there's people who are all the same and you can't find even like one giant like real chinese restaurant or anything and you're like to me that the anxiety so I know I'm crazy, I'm so into food, it's unbelievable. But that was like the first thing when I moved to florida, I moved to Sarasota florida, I don't know where that is, but that's um think in Orange County, you know, Orange County uh is also in California, that's where I'm from. And I have Orange County in florida and sure you, it's just like a very lazy sleepy area. And when I first moved, the first thing I asked was okay where is the thai restaurant? And my ax side come again. I said where is let's go get ty. And he said no can do and I said well we'll just like the chinese restaurant then and he said no, no can do. And I said uh you know there has to be a chinese restaurant, like I've never been, there has to be, and he was just like uh no. And uh my mind was blown, like we were in the shower and I mean my mind was blown and I immediately just said,
oh my God, what have I done, what am I going to do? Right? And then like of course the radio came on and I'm like, oh let's put it to the, let's change it to the alternative rock station or let's say he was just like no, there is nothing. And I'm like come again. And he was just like no, but I mean there's rock music, there's all kinds of rock music, but like K rock, how we have in LA, like that's not going to happen. And I was just like uh huh
I was devastated. I was like what in the hell have you gotten me into
like what is going on? And I don't mean to sound like snobby about it. I know when I talk, sometimes people don't know me, I sound like like snobby, but I'm not I'm just from L. A. Like I can't help it. I'm from
L. A. I don't know what to tell. Your parents raised me here, it wasn't my choice, I wasn't here. And the first thing I had to do to get over was okay. So this is embarrassing story. But whatever. So we went to Dunkin Donuts because I was like, well screw it. If we don't have thai food, we don't have chinese food, let's go get coffee. Whatever. They went to Dunkin Donuts. Um Well you know parked and I was walking in the front door, he stayed in the car for some reason and maybe he was smoking a cigarette or something. I don't know, he smoked a lot of cigarettes or something. And so I said, okay. So I walk up to the front door and there's this person, he's like holding the door open for me and I just look at him and I'm like, can I help you? And he's like, do you want to go into Dunkin Donuts? And I'm like, yeah, so can you can you can excuse me, or can I get the like, he was like, I'm opening the door for you. And I was like, oh my God, okay, well have a nice day. So I go inside and I go to the counter, there's like no line. And the woman as sweet as pie and she's like, oh honey, you know how can I help you? And I'm thinking I have, honey, don't call me honey, right? And I'm just getting all irritable, right? And this has nothing to do with the thai food at this point and I'm getting irritable. So I said I want a cup of coffee and I want this and I want this. And my friends coming in and he's going to order and she's like asking me so how do you take your coffee? And I'm like, huh? It was like how do you take your coffee hunt? And I'm like none of our business. Can I? My coffee? Excuse me? She's just like, she's exasperated like mortify like oh and she's like I just wanted I'm making your coffee. So I just do you want cream and sugar or do you want cream and you know and and splenda or cream And I think that the time was sweet and low. Cream and sweet where you want it black And I was like, I am so sorry like cream and sugar. Okay, hun. Their ain't no problem. You want like light or dark light. Okay. And then like, you know, by then my ex had already walked in and he was just laughing and he told her that I apologize for her, she's from L. A. She's from Los Angeles. And I went, oh, that makes sense. Right? I would go to the gas station and you know, a man was like filling up his car and he comes over and he's like, oh you want me to help you pump your gas? And I'm like, um should I call the police? Are you trying to assault me? Get away from me? Get away from my car. You know, and I have to be explained like these people here are nice, like it's a slower paced environment. People
are not
out to get you.
They're not trying to solicit something from you. They're not trying to hit on you or you know, anything like that. They're just like people who are nice who like they offer better service and people are more friendly and people, it's more of a neighborhood vibe. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so embarrassed about my behavior because you know when you live in a place like L. A.
Sometimes
you're used to like, for instance, like if a man is like trying to talk to you at a gas station and they're usually trying to like hit on you, sell you something like whatever and
you're
like,
yeah, so I mean like it was so embarrassing my behavior like, and I'm actually a nice person and people say that they think I'm pretty polite and nice and I mean people, I mean he was just mortified about my behavior like left and right. So he had to talk with me a couple of times and then I said, oh, so people are just genuinely being nice and trying to help me. And he said, yeah. And I was like, oh, this is fabulous. This is so, you
know, so I know when I talk to other people, sometimes they're just like, wow, what is it with that lady? And I'm like, well, it's just because like that's how I was raised, you know, and that's the environment I'm in. It's just very much like don't talk to a stranger. People are just trying to scam and solicit you like, you know,
and so that's why the whole like prolific, like talk to a stranger for 25 minutes. I'm like, this is weird. You know? Like what, like, okay, I guess. Well, this is what my parents have told me since I was two years old. Not to do but okay I'll do it because if it is paying like X amount of money to do it so let me do it. But it's kind of it's a big cultural difference and I loved it because I thought wow how refreshing people just being nice and trying to help each other. That's beautiful.
That's
it.
He's high, it's hot. Okay just leave him with sorry I I lost your volume for a second. What did you say?
Yeah and it's good because you have like you see you have a perspective, you know you can see the greater picture like it's just a cultural difference and the pace is different. But like my best friend, she moved in new york city for a couple years and she said you know what? People are nicer in a way and more talkative, but that's once you get over the initial rudeness or you know, guard being guarded, People are guarded once you get over the garden nous, the first couple of minutes people just like open up and they're super interesting and quirky and fun and cool. She's like, but you just have to get over that like initial thing. And then she also was funny, she called me from her, she was on super Shuttle or something. One of those shuttle buses that used to people used to take airports all the time and she calls me and she's like, I just landed, you know, an hour ago and I'm in the super shuttle were on the sidewalks, we're on the sidewalks, this guy's driving on the sidewalk, so if you don't hear from me in the next hour I'm dead click and I'm like, oh God, maybe she should not be my best friend because she gives me like heart palpitations. So you know the whole next hour, I'm just like watching my phone like is she dead? Is she alive? You know, but it's fine. She said she's like literally the super shuttles here. They were known in L. A. For being super aggressive. Like I've nearly died like a couple of times in super shuttles because the drivers, you know, they don't make a lot of money. It's all based on how many people they transport and how quickly if they can pick up another big sample of people that get paid an extra, whatever how much so, and then they hips, but you know, people tip them like either nothing or a dollar so it's like not an easy life too, wasn't easy to be a super shuttle driver at the time. And so I feel them because you know I've been in a super shuttle where again they get a call from someone like dispatch or management and they say like you have eight minutes to get from Malibu to Beverly hills and back you know and they're like and they're just like and so I said of course they drive on the sidewalks in new york city like what else would they do? Like they got to make a living too, you know? So wow.
So how long have you been on prolific?
That's a good role
process.
That's
and then for this round we can do because they have different rounds of this, right? Have you done like different rounds of this chat with a stranger thing?
Needs
to go. Um
I hate
it.
That's cool because they said we could do up to seven but I just start now,
Oh wow. So you've been chatting, you've been busy chatting like you're chatting up a store. That's
sure that's what I'm doing. And I mean I I think once I got, once I got over my initial fear of doing the first one, which is stupid because I'm so extroverted, why did, why would I be if I don't know
it's
it's
the last person I spoke with and now we have to end soon. But the last person I spoke with, like I asked him like where he was from and he was like well the rules state that I am not allowed to tell you my location and I was like um how about just like us, not us. I just want to know time zone more because like you say good
morning, good afternoon based on a time zone. And I was like, and I said, or you could just like time zone or like us, not us. It was kind of funny. Like he was like, well the rules state, you know, blah, blah, blah and in paragraph for it also stated, I'm not allowed to tell you, you know? Um but and I was like, wow kudos to you for reading all of that. I mean, I normally read stuff, but like your retention is on point. But I was
like, I said, I'm not trying to like kidnap you. Like I'm not gonna go hunt you down and sell you into like slavery somewhere. Like just not us or east coast, west coast, like just the Earth, Earth. I don't know, like just something. So it was, I mean, but he ended up being like a super lovely person you know? But I was like this is a little awkward is he?
To tell me like if he's in the U. S. Well anyways it's been a pleasure chatting with you. I
wish you the best
A.
C crank in.
Okay I'll to have a great day.