Can you hear me
Hi, how's it going?
I'm eli nice to meet you.
Excuse me. It started fostering kittens like a week ago and they're just running around making huge amounts of ruckus. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever fostered pets before?
You
know? Yeah
it's temporary until August 11 and my job is to make sure they eat enough food to get to weigh enough that you can adopt them out to people safely and they can get like their next vaccination or something. I must have two dogs and they are not happy about the cats.
cats should be a little fat I think. How old is cool?
she's
like
what?
There's more.
Well
Cats have like any concept of limiting the amount of food, let's see how much they want. Yeah. In this box right now you know if you can see them like super dark here, I'll just go grab one. How about how about this one? There's a cat. Yeah.
Mhm wow. Uh huh. Yeah they're pretty stinking ship. So how you probably for 14 years since she was a Kitten, wow. But
that's a long time. But you might get like a long time out of your mind. My cats always lived to be like 20 or 21 years old.
I've had cats before. These won't produce the fosters. I thought
you
know if I'm gonna be stuck at home, I may as well have cute pets to play with and take care of. Yeah
I don't know, rescues month one of them is probably like the more the longer I have in the more I think he's probably part golden retriever but he's all black but he looks like a golden retriever. Uh
Probably goldman
treatment and something else mixed. And then the other one is uh a total dick. And he's probably like a cattle dog, Pitbull mix. He's a rez dog. I live in Northern Arizona, right by the Navajo reservation. There's a lot of great dogs and stuff that come from the reservation.
core user. Pretty cute with their butts,
Little nubbins Tales. Have you had a dog before?
They do have a lot of energy, but I think like, uh, if you exercise them enough, they tend to be easier to train. I'm familiar with doodles. My friend, I have labra doodles, golden doodles and our neighbor just got a new fee poo, which I've never heard of before. And at the Newfoundland poodle mix, you know what Newfoundland's are? Yeah, they're fucking huge.
maybe that's why they
mix it with
a little like a labradoodle to high energy. Let's just take a new for me with this. I don't know. That is so fucking cute. The neighbors of course you're like you can't come so close to me. I live in this house. It's the pan definitely. Like I got a pet your dog man
There is luckily leashes are like six ft long naturally. Uh The reason I got the dog that looks like a golden retriever because as a puppy they thought he was a Newfoundland mix at the rescue and I was like, yeah that's what I wanted. He was not, he only weighs like 60 lb but he's still pretty good. Well
I want to college in Chicago. Are you in a suburb?
Yeah. What Southern?
I know Evanston at least. I'm sure I knew Glenview but I have kind of forgotten where everything is now. Where did you go?
Oh okay. Classic. Good school. Yeah,
I went
I went to the school of the Art Institute of Chicago. Me and Georgia O'keefe and walt Disney. Yeah. Yes
It is a good school. It's one of the top five art schools. And I went to cal arts for Graduate School, which is one of the top five art schools too,
depending on who you ask. The people be like, oh it's number one and then they'll be like no that's riz de and gets into arguments. Doesn't matter to me. It's not what I do for a living. I just thought it was an easy path to like a master's degree and then like more money. So
that worked out well. Yeah.
How old are you? I don't know. That might be too personal. You don't have to answer that.
Wonderful.
We just finished if you get to go to graduation or was that all
I'm sorry. Ah Although I do I always laugh because uh I saw some great tweet because I've done two, I've done in my high school graduation, my college graduation and my graduate school graduation because I'm like 30. Uh and someone was like, yeah, poor high school and college students graduating now, we'll never know the joy of sitting in the bright sunlight in a plastic gown waiting while like 1000 people that you've never met before graduate as you sweat to death. You wanted to go off and have lunch and I'm like, oh
what
what's true? It's always better to have it. I feel bad for everyone missing like prom and stuff. It seems rough, I'd cancel like, I don't even know how many events this year. I got engaged like two months ago
and my partner finally just did it while we were sitting around a fire pit in our backyard, like having drinks together because
he was like,
I was sorry to see now yours is frozen, wow. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Who? Mhm. Well, yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
That actually came back. I can't
Oh man, close at all.
yeah. He just proposed. I mean we had like two friends over, even though she weren't supposed to do that, and we're sitting around a fire pit, and he was like, all right. And he just proposed then, because all of the events, he was going to propose that got canceled all the way through like october and he was like, I'm just not gonna wait, I think.
All right. Well, but that's always the rule, right? Uh The when the proposal happened should be a surprise that the person is going to propose. Wouldn't be you should have had that conversation with a lot of times before. So me and my partner had been like uh you know, if we ever get married when we get married, do you want to get married for probably like three or four years before he proposed we've been together for like almost seven years now. Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. The future, we're not boomers anymore actually. Like how good relationships and conversations with the people that you love.
Mhm. Yeah, I live in Flagstaff.
Arizona northern Arizona.
it's not.
No, no, no. So um phoenix is hot as shit and don't
go there. Let's see
how hot how hot is phoenix right now? Oh, it's 100 and 11 degrees
in
phoenix right now. Percent
humidity. It's awful. Don't
go to phoenix. Yeah, But Flagstaff is at 7000 ft elevation. It's in the mountains and it's probably apparently like 80° and Sunny. We're in the middle of months so a lot of days big storms will come through and it'll be like 70° in the day at night, it's probably like 60°65 and it'll be like that for the rest of the summer. And then in winter we get snow and it's a ski town.
So.
The most people boys.
Everything what? Everything is cold and wet in the winter and hot and wet in the summer.
There's
like
yeah I hated this summer, it's so humid.
Like how important human lives are there right now. Do you have a c in your house at least? Yeah.
What?
Yeah it was so good. And I used to bike everywhere when I lived there, you know like public transit biking or how I got around. Just so nasty.
is good,
especially
you
know, you can remove the clothes and bike but yeah.
What are you planning on doing now that you're done with college?
but
we are.
What's your brilliant?
so you're like well established probably.
Do you have experiences chanting things? Yeah like you've got a good back on that people want, you know,
neat to check out my what I the place I worked for until the end of february, they're called stripe. I don't
know if you know him,
it's right there an online payment processing, credit card billing, etcetera company, financial technology company. And they love hiring like recent college graduates with potential. So they have a ton of jobs open all around the world,
including in Chicago, David sales office in shoot. Yeah.
That it is I've lived in Los Angeles and san Diego in California and there's a reason
it's so expensive because California is fucking amazing like but it's you know uh supply and demand thing. The demand is wild, the supplies low. Everyone can charge people.
I can
want it.
Uh huh. Yeah. So it was fun there for that reason. You know like a the house, I mean now we bought and I'm a millennial and I graduated college Um like smack in the middle of the recession like 2011. So I guess a little after like the worst of the great recession
and
I this
home.
we got what makes you feel any better uh ended up like not it wasn't that bad to find a job and you have like a much better experience and degree than I do. But I also gave up on that and went back to graduate school rather than face the recession. And there's a part of me that's like I recommend that don't go into the real world if you can help it and uh get
a bigger degree. People like master's degrees, you've got a good chance right now if you feel confident and to like get your C. P. A. And then like every door is open to you, you know like while you're looking for a job, why not get a certification?
That's true. And I waited like a year after college to go to graduate school.
So
you know.
Yeah. Yeah and I mean if you can get a decent position and or get your sepa you'll be said, there's no reason you have to go to graduate school for that. You know
I'm not like an M. B. A. N. B. A. Is a terminal degree. You like you know your name comma N. B. A. I don't know. That's sweet. Yeah
they knocked over. I've got all these boxes, they just knocked all of the boxes over with them inside
the box, wow,
hilarious.
Yeah. Is hysterical bringing me a lot of joy. Oh yes.
Uh huh. How long have I been? Like, I don't know, maybe a little over a year or something. Well like almost exactly a year, I use it for like a little bit of extra spare change and here and here and there. But also because I like participating in research. This is the second video chat one I've done. The last guy I talked to does like this in Mturk for basically all of his income. Which I found I think. Yeah I was like wow, that sounds hard.
Apparently if you like get into it you get better at it. And
his
wife, they had like the two incomes, he was just in some position where that you could only do the online stuff. How about you?
So
your money?
It's awesome. I'm on the 10 year Reddit user at this point. It's bad. I read in the different like peak
God, what somebody's do I follow? I follow a lot of like fitness and nutrition ones because I really like, like weight lifting and hiking and stuff like that. Of course my local one troll X chromosomes troll y chromosomes, good gifts, you know? No, not so, I don't know. I don't really follow that many things. I go on all and scroll through it. Try to keep my like, personal one theory curated. How about you? Mhm.
Solid
person for a while, but it's so like personal finances. So just over like there's too much stuff in it. And I tried like, career advice and jobs and those are both the most toxic fucking subreddit I've ever been on. It's awful.
Like
no
people are aggressive coffee and they don't want you to be happy or successful. I've noticed, you know, they just want to drag you down crabs in a bucket, you know? I don't know. I went on there to ask questions about like, I forget like getting certifications or whether or not I should go and get a degree or something for the way I want to pivot my career and I got nothing but just mean fucking people.
I'm like, well, yeah. And uh Reddit has this thing kind of like both like jacking themselves off for major academia and like master's degrees and doctor's degrees and stuff, but also being like, you don't need to go to college. College is a fucking rip up. And there's like no in between for them first or movement.
Yeah, I got Yeah. I don't know how long you've been using it. Did you use like R slash teenagers or R slash like college uh stuff? There's like the
I made a surprising number of posts because I thought I was kind of a big lurker, but everyone smile a lot of good stuff and yeah, I think I've got a pretty good amount of karma and my main account and I don't I had a secondary account for a while because I my first account got so bogged down with just junk My main account. I've got like 26, A little over 26,000 post Karma and 21,000 comment Karma. Yeah. And so I just I I used to put up like a pretty good names and stuff now. It's all things like recipes. I'm an adult now. I post recipes.
I don't really repost I guess I repost some step. I'm a big fan of witches versus patriarchy.
I don't know if you so it's like a, it's a women's uh like, you know, feminist men welcome to obviously uh subreddit with like a kind of a cult lean do it. So it'll have like memes about witches and hell and casting spells and like heck sing politicians want like that memes are just talk fucking to your means little bit tweets from
people and
things like that. I just love it while you check it
out. It's hilarious. I love
it a lot. I forgot about that one. Okay.
I want, sorry,
the
board.
I don't, I don't even use Facebook anymore. I got rid of it after the 2016 election. I couldn't handle it anymore.
So
bullet
Yeah. It was, it was hurting my soul read. It is also pretty bad. So I finally took the app off my phone and I'll just look at it occasionally now. I mostly just use instagram and Reddit and sometimes interest but I just tried, I'm trying to start an online business selling moist tonight and so I have a facebook business, a google business and Pinterest and Etsy and Shopify and I've got to put everything on instagram and stuff. So at that point I have to use facebook but I don't have to read people's, I just need to add
shit so it's fine. Yeah.
I mean if you have the time and I know how drop shipping is always a
an easy
thing to get started on. We're capturing us.
No, you know what Ali Express is?
Job
Yeah Ali Express is Alabama
but not bulk.
All the bottles. Like
you got
like 1000 of the thing I express. You buy like just one of uh
drop shipping is where you set up like a Shopify store and I think we only have to talk for two more minutes just as a heads up. Uh
Yeah you should like a set up like a Shopify store and there's a bunch of apps that is for you. You just import the items you want to sell usually want to find like a theme like uh I don't know men's clothing or men's bathing suits or I don't know cat toys, it doesn't really matter. And then you use these apps to import all the information into your website and when people buy them you just buy it off the Valley Express and ship it to them. But you sell it for twice the cost of what it is on ali Express.
it is.
And they have a lot of good quality stuff. I started using it because I go to Burning man most years and they've got like a huge, yeah they've got a huge selection of Led stuff. Just good to have,
it's
about
like oh my God it's awesome.
You
should
bring
a boat go.
We got like all these posters up here from a bunch of them and I take my parents every year I've got like five times where I was going to be six and there's also a regional events. So the Chicago or the midwestern regional burn, you can look into it. It's called Lakes of Fire. And it's in uh I think michigan like around the lake in michigan
and
sorry?
Yeah, there's regional ones all over the world. Lakes of Fire is one of the biggest and they've got like art boats that you can get on