Mhm. Okay. Okay. Four? Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay, Sure. Okay. Uh huh. Good. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What? Yes. Goodbye. Right?
Or I'm Stephen pretty good.
That's me.
you just kind of taking care of them for a while, or?
No, I haven't. It's like
temporary,
Or
Uh huh. I have one card. She's is quite old and fat, but
she's 14. And uh when,
when
she
was like,
and she was like three, we took her to the vet and they said she had like she was extremely obese and had like four months to live because I think the mistake that I made was
sleep using a vacation, feed her to feed her. Like you can put like a week's worth of food in there at the time that she she did like four minutes in four days. So yeah.
Or
Mhm,
wow. So you've had them before? Right. Cats.
And
she
what kind of dogs do you have
Uh
interesting.
I was thinking of getting something like a corgi, just like one of those adorable ones.
But yeah, the fluffy, what's like small tails?
I very briefly had one, like my parents like adopted one, it was a labradoodle, so labrador and poodle and I think it was pretty like poorly trained or behaved which uh I think that like that's common with that breed but yeah, so you have to get rid of it, but what the cool thing is that they're hypoallergenic like so like poodles, but they're not really like Labradors which are easy to be trained, they're like kind of like wild unfortunately, so.
the giant ones, yeah, I think they're really cool though because they're like those giant dogs are usually pretty relaxed and chill and also like really furry uh
like
bears.
Mhm. Towards the risk,
Uh huh. Yeah, I live in Chicago area.
yeah, I also went to college in Chicago, but I live in a suburb
Glenview. It's like near Evanston. You? Yes.
I went to you Chicago.
How about
you?
It's a good school. Yeah.
Thanks.
makes sense.
Next
I'm like 22 so like
I just graduated.
no, it was remote, which is really sad.
graduations are like pretty boring and you make your family wait like two hours just to call your name because you have to have to call everyone's name, right? But yeah, when you you miss
it, when you don't have it actually.
congrats.
your
video
click. Okay.
Yeah. I don't know what happened.
Yeah, I think my wife, I might be a little bad. Yeah. Yeah. You were talking about like the proposal. Yeah.
I always think it's funny when people talk about like how they had plans for like a proposal and uh that false here that is like, do you want to get married? It's like really casual.
That's awesome.
Face, Sorry, what are you saying you lived in Arizona
black stuff? Okay.
How do you like it there? I think it's really hot and dry, but
no.
Don't
go there.
my
gosh.
As
unlivable.
that's really cool.
I didn't know there was that difference between just based on elevation because like in Illinois,
everything's flat, right?
Yeah it's like it's pretty bad most of the year like not going to lie like nine months of the year but it makes the summer
more
enjoyable.
That's true. But
I guess because it's right by the lake so it's pretty humid and it's like
it's like 100°..
Yeah we're baking. Yeah
I've
been running
and baking.
unfortunate.
I'm still looking for a job, been
applying.
You know it's a pretty rough time for that. But yeah I was looking at like accounting or um something like technical related computers. I. T. Like I kind of think
economics. Yeah
well established.
I have some research and like I. T. Experience. So mainly I was looking for jobs with like cotton consulting related.
stripe.
No.
Tom
cool. Yeah I was thinking of staying in Chicago because Chicago is like Good job prospects like Tier one city, but like the rent is like half of other cities like New Yorkers San Fran or California.
But
yeah, makes sense,
totally
makes sense.
we have the,
we have
that
in common recession graduates.
Makes sense.
Yeah, I was thinking that, but like when I was thinking of going to grad school, I was thinking like a lot of the value of grad school is like being able to network with people which you can't really do when everything's remote or like very limited in personal classes. So like yeah,
I'm
thinking about
just work for a year. At least get out of academia at least a little bit.
Makes sense.
Did a cat fall over?
No?
so it was like a combined
effort.
So have you done this type of like interview thing or with prolific? How long have you been using that?
That sounds very hard.
That makes
sense.
I
got into like a month ago like all these like survey and these kind of things just because like I'm
at home with my parents not doing much as well. Like apply for jobs and then do this on the side and it's been pretty fun. Yeah. But I found it on beer money. Like read it. Have you, did you also find it and write it? Yeah,
What subreddit steve follow?
also like um I was into Vikings like baking, cooking the kind of things like personal finance, your money. Uh just like
memes.
because like some
people
are like really aggressive about like whatever they did and like also kind of cocky and it's like
you're like, I did this so you're wrong. It's like
and they're both toxic. Oh, that's sad.
Yeah, I mean I looked at it briefly. I have mainly been like a lurker just like without even an account, but I made one recently just like, yeah, just follow things like pages. But I don't really post much. Have you made a lot of posts or
Master at re posting.
What is? Uh
Sounds
fun.
we'll
do.
So you do it.
But
you
say he spread it more than like other social media, like facebook or instagram Snapchat.
okay. That's like that, that's like
a healthy thing that like I couldn't manage to get to that step yet. But I hope to get rid of it soon. So I really like messenger, like using
messenger to communicate. But like facebook itself, like I blocked the news feed online, my page, my facebook, but I don't really use it that much, but still like, But still pretty toxic to have one. I don't know.
that's really
Online marketing.
trump
shipment.
No.
Yeah, it's similar to like
Alibaba,
You have $100
bills
when
I call
and
no worries.
That's interesting. Yeah. So I was, I was looking at L'Express and I was like surprised at how cheap everything is. Like apparently it's a really safe so it's like pretty secure
and yeah, it's interesting. Yeah.
I was wanting
to go
to that.
He
recommends
to
my friends
doing
I didn't know there was
one, I didn't
know there was a regional one.
Who