Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I can tell you. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What was the name? Yeah.
Hi there. Okay, I can hear you. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. No sweat. So yeah, we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes, right? Yeah.
I think just whatever we want. Um But yeah, I did say you need to keep that survey page open. Oh no. Yeah. What is it what do you think the chances that I'm a robot?
Yeah. What did you talk about?
It was a while ago.
Okay. Well even a month ago I'm kind of surprised
this thing is still going on. Uh huh. Yeah. Word. Well, you know who Adam Levine is? Yeah, I bought this
guitar off craigslist and it turns out that it's Adam Levine brand and I don't know if you knew that he made guitars.
yeah, he's
the guitarist and singer for
three. And 5. Um yeah, he did that shirtless thing, you know? Yeah, he's famous for that shit.
Yeah, I have like a Myspace profile with some songs on it, but I'm not in a band. Yeah. I still get emails about licensing my Myspace songs, so I don't know if that means I'm professional or it's just well targeted spam. Yeah.
How about you? You got any instruments you play?
All right. Are
you Hey,
are you on a mechanical turk or prolific?
Yeah. Yeah. I signed up for him. Trick, but they're like whatever the financial thing that like amazon payments, they just denied me immediately. So
it's like, I got accepted
in turk
and I was like, yes.
And then can't do it.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it's like a a
video game, you have to learn how to play before you can actually start making it a job. Yeah. But yeah I guess um I did this survey today and it was like um prolific is going to start limiting the number of people of surveys you can take per month. Did you did you happen to pick that survey?
Well
in the end it was a lie. And they were just trying
they were like trying to provoke me into writing angry comments or something. So
I'm
not
Do you think they were trying to like trying to be ridiculous or were they actually lying
being bad at it?
I don't know what kind of show it is. Is it reality tv
or?
So is she supposed to be like still alive or she's supposed to be in hell?
I didn't realize that
all those were made by the same people.
Is that a
jet
plane? What is that?
Um Yeah I guess it like filters the audio and it just sounded like the plane taking off. Um more interesting than anything but about the office I watched until like season eight and then I started realizing I wasn't laughing as much so I was like okay if I don't laugh for an entire episode I'm going to quit and I made it that far. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I should have just skipped ahead of season and seeing if it was better than or whatever. But I feel like there's a lot of other good tv to watch so something's a little boring. I just passed on it. Yeah. Yeah. Actually also try to watch tv only in foreign languages so I try to use tv time is like study time but
um I spent a lot of time on korean, spanish and german but I've also learned some chinese in french so a
big variety. Yeah. Yeah I lived in Korea for a long time so it was easy
to
study korean while I was living there. Yeah. How about you? Any foreign languages?
Yeah I think part of it is kind of hard to figure out how to make yourself accountable like yeah you really want to study it and then maybe for just a few days you like forget about it and then you're totally off track. Yeah I've done that a lot of times a lot but I did this like language learning challenge five years ago. Um And I started from scratch that was when I studied German so I
just studied like five or 10 minutes a day for three months And then at the end uh I had like a 30-minute 15 minute conversation in German. So yeah, if you really like stick with it, you can get good results, but it was stressful. Yeah. Mhm. It's like waking up in the morning, first thing you think is like, oh fuck, I gotta, I gotta study that goddamn date of grammar again,
but it was worth it. Yeah.
Um A bit. Yeah, I'm teaching english online. I do
plumbing and landscaping and I sell guitars, do a lot of random crap. Yeah. How about you? You just graduated?
cool. Like um like what am I thinking? Like disease or like animals or plants?
Okay. Is it like a passion for nature or what's the drive there?
All
Without math? Yeah,
no, I get you. Um Yeah, it was it. Did you have to do like fluid science and like linear algebra and statistics and
Yeah. Yeah, I remember when I was in university, my calculus class uh I think the highest grade for one test was like 26 out of 100.
And so that was a curve so that person got an a. And I got like 11 and I got to be so
like most
people were below me. Uh and I remember this one guy was like the second test so maybe a month or two into the class and and we sat down for the test and he like flipped through the pages really loudly and was just like all left. And by that time I was already aware like yes the more people do bad the better I do. Uh was learning more about like politics and mass I think pretty I did learn a lot but it was painful. Our usual. How about your math professors? Were there any of them american?
It's nice.
Yeah. I think Probably I had six or 7 Math professors cited economic so we did a bunch of calculus and then statistics and the statistics for economics. I think only one of my teachers was american and the rest were like Brazilian polish um french which only added to the difficulty um of like listening to a really strong accent. Remember the french professor I had, he would write the number nine like a G. And it was just always confused me. Mm hmm. But yeah math is fun. But yeah, I don't think I want to do that as a job. Yeah. Um Yeah, I guess I think about like working in a lab and like chemical burns and like the, the, you know the shower, they have like kind of a dangerous occupation.
I was just gonna say, yeah, no one's yelling at you in the lab. Yeah.
Yeah. Were you like customer facing or in the projection box?
The important things in life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've had english teaching jobs where
like Uh there's 20 kids in the room like there's like two different pairs of kids making out and like people are stealing my chalk and you know, it's just like absolute chaos. It's not quite people screaming at you, but the feeling of just like the work is not the work, like I'm not doing any teaching, I'm just like putting out fires. Yeah. It doesn't seem like scooping popcorn would be that hard, but if everyone's an asshole then.
Yeah. Yeah. Is there any surprising things that rich people like to eat when they're watching movies?
hm.
it's fresh at least. How about Alamo Drafthouse, have you heard of that? Um Yeah,
I don't know if it's I don't know if it's hell or heaven for you. But uh yeah you can like order beer and um you have a waiter and like in front of your row of chairs just like a big row of tables
so you can it's a restaurant in a movie theater. Um And I mean at least they have a huge variety of local beer, which is nice, but sometimes the food is like it's fine but you don't want to eat it in the dark, you know like a club sandwich or something. But it is also a kind of weird like sometimes people are arguing over the bill with their waiter
during the movie, but they have like fun um programming, you know, it'll be like a breakfast at Tiffany's brunch and stuff like that. So sometimes the food is paired with the the film very closely.
Yeah. But yeah you don't have Alamo Drafthouse where you are.
No.
Yeah I think it's still spreading. I'm in texas so it's from Austin where I'm from. So it's it's the O. G. Here. Um Have you ever heard of the northern cities shift? That's um like Chicago and I guess and harbor Milwaukee and stuff. Is this like vowel that has changed in their accent and actually was gonna guess earlier this year from Chicago because you
haven't
you're not but you have a little tiny valve sets.
Yeah. I used to live in Iowa and there are a lot of rough creek wash. Take the varieties. Yeah. All right. So are you from Minneapolis, the big city there?
So do you have any like um
firsthand
input on police there at all? You know Black lives matter type stuff?
Yeah, I guess. I mean have you like been pulled over and felt Um
one way or another?
Yeah. That's kind of amazing.
Race cars.
What
how do you decide who wins? Are you just like fucking around? Just speeding around?
Sounds fun, but yeah, stupid at the same
time.
Did you guys have like okay cars or?
No?
Yeah, I had a four door geo metro for a while and It got like 40 miles to the Gallon and usually there's like speed bumps everywhere and you can drive between the speed bumps because it's like really really tiny but It struggled on the highway would not go 100 and it always felt unsafe.
Yeah. Yeah. I like to think that I'm done doing um needlessly dangerous things but Maybe in 10 years old, went back and still think I'm doing them. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say um I haven't expired registration one time and scott pulled over for it. And
like Uh you know the cop, he came into
my car like super quick, like was in 30 seconds after I stopped and then there were like three more cop cars and they were all shining their lights in my car. And I guess they thought, you know, I have like I have weird hair out of a mullet and
I had a moustache, then a bigger one.
And I think they thought they were going to, you know, really get some drug dealer or something. But it was all I had was expired registration. So I remember being kind of like, Uh you know, four dudes show up with their hands on their guns. It's sort of like what just happened
and I'm white. So I got the easy treatment, right? Uh huh.
Yes. How about your other conversation? Did you end up talking about police and racism?
So it wasn't quite on the the high level topic. Yeah. Word. Um Yeah, this is actually very similar to my job where meet someone and then teach them english. Except you already speak english. Yesterday I met a captain and the bolivian army and he was an english teacher. He's in charge of the english academy and he had like a contest. And so the reward was talking with me. So I meet this bolivian captain and then he's like, okay, here are my students. And then then, I mean like to other
people who are 16 or 17, it's kind of a roller coaster, but not nothing, you know, nothing terrible surprising.
Oh, I would love that. I love cats. Oh, she's got a bowl or he? I'm not sure.
Mhm. Cosmo. Cosmo looks very relaxed.
So is Cosmo black and white or graying?
These things like around his whiskers and knows it's like he's got a cool like color switch. Yeah. Yeah. I have six cats. Yeah.
And then my neighbor has like three. My other neighbor has one. So a lot of times if I'm like walking up to my house, like a bunch of cats come up. Pretty fun.
Yeah. Yeah. And it's indoor or indoor outdoor.
Yeah.
But is that cat bed like suspended in the air or
I guess I mean like usually is it a pyre on the ground?
I see. How about clawing and stuff?
Good.
looks
content I guess. Also you're like home a lot now, right? So so
he's getting the the good life right now.
Yeah. So I guess you live next to the l train or whatever right mm. Before coronavirus did you write it often? Mhm. And have a post corona.
Yeah, I drove by the police station here and there were that was like two days ago and there were It seems like all the cops in riot gear and like maybe 10 protesters. Um you think it's like fizzled out there or is still going strong?
Mm Yeah, I think um mhm. A few things happen in Austin now. We have this huge spike in viruses, virus, whatever positive infection rates. So I think people are a little more hesitant. Um but we'll see the cops are still really unpopular. Cosmo is biracial. All right, black and white.
How about his um life story? Does he have 1?
Oh I thought he was like six months or something but
mhm. So he's been fixed with the air clipped. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. I have one of our cats whose um much bigger than the others and ever since he was a baby he's just been really needy so his name is needy.
Uh And when you pet him he starts to drool a lot. Uh He's a character. Also if you're like petting him and another care another cat comes up he'll like
go
fight that cat to get away to monopolize the pets. You know? Um It's pretty pretty like aggressive for affection but Cosmo looks super chill.
So was he found outside I guess
so he was adopted bread. Yeah. So are you going to keep living in Chicago or if there is a job like somewhere like Albuquerque or something kind of far away?
grab it,
read. Yeah a bunch of my friends from high school went to university there and a lot of them move there have businesses and stuff so there's a,
I know a lot of my friends go back and forth between boston and Sebastopol. Okay.
Which California city is your choice? L. A san Francisco or?
Yeah I mean san Francisco would be even more expensive but I think housing there is just crazy anywhere like where my friends live in Sebastopol Like a shack with one extension cord and no plumbing is like $800 a month. Um and then there was all those fires so like prices went up even more but but yeah they at least where my friends lived, the county government was just like we don't want people to be homeless so we're not going to enforce like any of these rules for five years. So if you want to build a shack and live in it, go for it,
which I don't think that would happen in texas definitely be like bob Loblaw kind of bullshit
because I was getting a stretch.
Yeah. What's he gonna type?
that's what he's doing. Is he doing it with his tailor's he? Is he like pawing it?
Yeah. My cats love to do that kind of stuff outside and inside. They just pushed it off. But hey, I think we reached 25 minutes.
So, um, nice to meet you and
I hope you get a job you want.
All right, bye bye.