Kay.
so it's having some problems.
I hit next. Did it say we were supposed to talk about something specific or just Yeah,
probably zero. I've done this one other time and I don't know, my partner seemed pretty real. So
um we just talked about like our jobs and um I was in school at the time I've graduated now and
uh I graduated like a month ago so
Mr
All right,
I did not know, I didn't even know he played guitar
music.
Yeah, I thought you were just saying.
So do you like are you in a band or do you just play guitar for fun?
that's good.
No, I sing a little but
that's the
question
prolific but I do enter to
that's weird.
And
what?
That's right,
Yeah, well I make way more money on prolific anyway, so yeah, I mean, I know you can get like really into Mturk but it's just a lot of work.
Okay.
I didn't yeah, I didn't see that.
That's us
bring you luck.
I hate the ones that lie to you.
I had
one uh where like I told you a bunch of like facts about celebrities, but most of them were lies and I immediately knew because they were like ridiculous, you know, I think mhm
You know
they were just bad at it. It was stuff like I don't know if you have seen the Good Place, but one of them was like kristen bell secretly meets with the producers to make sure she gets the most screen time in the good place. And I I just know that that's not true because that's not like the way that the show works.
no,
it's um it's a really good show, it's about philosophy, like the premise of the show is that uh she dies and she is in like the good place, which is like heaven, but she's not supposed to be there and it's yeah, it's a great show.
Uh she is supposed to be in hell uh if you like the same person made like the office parks and rec Brooklyn 99 so if you like any of those, you would like it.
What?
it's one guy, it's
just
like a
oh I live right next to the train. Yeah,
I've tried to kind of have that outlook, like if I'm not actually enjoying the show, I'm just going to stop watching it trying to suffer through
What are you trying to learn?
20
Your
weight
no, I took latin high school so no decent amount of that. Uh Mhm. I'm going to try to learn to try to learn spanish. I haven't really made like a real effort yet. Yeah. Mhm.
And
Whatever.
So what do you do you work right now?
Good.
Yeah, I'm looking for a job. So right now I'm do nothing. Um but I'm trying to find a job in a lab doing biology research.
Uh not glance uh I would do either disease or animals basically uh interested in anything biology right now.
I like, well I have like my degrees and biomedical engineering,
but I hate math. I didn't really like the engineering part, but I think medicine is interesting and it's important to me to like make a difference with what I do for my job, so
Yeah, preferably without math.
Uh Not when your algebra but statistics out. I had to think for kelp classes. Yeah.
Hey.
that's
amazing.
29. Yeah. Maybe like one of them start to remember excite I repeated a couple of accounts excited very poorly so
a lot of them.
Yeah. Doesn't bother me. I like working by myself and but calm jobs and stuff I don't like being screamed at.
I used to work at the movie theater uh in the richest city in the state. Uh huh. It's not fun. Yeah.
Uh customers I was really good at concessions apparently I think because I didn't like snap back. Uh huh. And that was the worst because people like scream at you and you don't get their background right away.
What?
Yeah, it was just always really really busy and so there would be like huge lines, your entire shift and stuff, so not a great job.
Um we have like food, like pretzels and I think like hot dogs and stuff, it was gross, like that's not what you get at the movie theater, you should get popcorn, but the rich people would get like everything and so
they would get the gross food and stuff to you. Uh I would not recommend it all comes frozen and we just like heated up uh stick to the popcorn. Yeah.
Yeah.
Damn.
No.
Yeah, that's cool.
No, I'm in Chicago, I mean
unless they have it here and I just don't know.
I'm not
from Chicago actually.
I'm from Minnesota. So I have a sometimes uh when I say yeah, bag bag, sometimes I say big. I just have to like focus to say it, right?
Uh No, but like really close. Mhm.
Yeah. Very, very
tough.
Yeah, I mean just that they suck. I don't really yeah, I only know like one in Minnesota.
No,
I have never been pulled over. Which is a miracle.
Yeah, I used to race in high school. I was really stupid.
Yeah, I just put my friends and stuff uh but we would go like 100 on the highway. Uh huh.
Which
just fucking around. I mean sometimes we would like if we were going home, you know, whoever was in the lead when one of us had like take the exit or whenever, right? Yeah,
it was
a lot of fun. But yeah looking back I'm like that was really stupid.
I
had a really shitty car. Um It was like $1,000 but she certainly will.
Mhm. Yeah after like at 100 the car started to shake and so I can really go any faster than that.
huh.
What?
All
Mark
interview.
Yeah, it's terrible.
Yeah.
No it was like I think it was actually more than a month ago so it was like pre George Floyd so it didn't come up.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you want to see my cat?
this is good. This is Cosmo.
Yeah I was sleeping.
He is black and white. He's pretty young so.
Okay.
that's that's the dream. That many cats but just the ones now
and just enjoy. Okay.
Yeah.
No it's on my lip. Well.
no just on the ground. We don't have like a picture anything for him yet.
Mhm. Yeah. Yes it's close but he's really really nice. He doesn't call anyone.
We'll stop him if you cross the furniture. But
she doesn't get marika.
Thank you.
Yeah. I don't know what that was.
Not really. I mean I don't go anywhere except for protests so. Yeah.
definitely not very protests. Like every day there's a lot of people that go down seven.
Yeah. He's not a tuxedo but I don't like I'm asked something. I forget what it's called.
Yeah. He so they thought he was a feral cat like I don't know if you can see they clipped his ear and then they were like wait a second this cat is really friendly and cuddly. Yeah So they're not sure how old he is but he's like 123 years old.
Yeah he's not a baby but you can tell he's still young. He's very playful and stuff.
Keep.
you
do.
Yeah I like seven. This change. Oh yeah yeah
yeah we didn't find them mm.
my boyfriend has a job here so I got to find a job here. I have at least should probably stay but eventually
no wouldn't mind moving to California one.
huh. Yeah.
Uh huh.
I don't know I like san Diego. I've been there before but like L. A. Too probably just too expensive to live there. Okay, we'll see.
Mark.
No,
it's going to work on my keyboard.
No, he's just gonna push things off the table. Okay. Okay,
No, he paused. Mhm.
Yeah. Thanks to you. All right.
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
Thanks.