Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. What? Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm. Oh
hey how's it going?
Pretty good.
I
know early but I I started like a minute earlier or something.
These
surveys are always funny you never want to hit the back button because you just never know what's going to happen
So
we're supposed
to check for 25 minutes I think.
How's your summer going?
But
that has
not the problem this
summer I guess.
She's
maybe
not the best sign for the community I suppose but that's the way it goes.
really?
you have
been doing
right, I've been doing online teaching now since March I guess so I'm kind of getting used to working from home. Yeah
I teach at the college level right?
Mathematics
whatever so everybody
says.
Absolutely.
A little a little trigonometry understand how triangles works helps a lot.
Yeah
you still
need it that's
true.
So what was your what was your favorite subject in school?
What
time?
it
was a different time when I went to school. It's a lot more expensive now but
well
I
mean it's like community colleges offer a pretty good deal. Yeah.
correct.
I see.
Well
if
I didn't
want
to
go around
that's great.
Yeah I have um I have three kids and one of them is very into reading. She's just reading all the time. So she uh she just went back through the Percy Jackson series, like this greek mythology series and read like five books in three days or something like that. There's not a lot to do right now, so it makes sense. But
I was kind
of like,
I love to read, so yeah, if you read a lot.
All
You still
do
support and stuff like that online order.
What?
I
think
dealing with the customers.
Yeah.
People
are more upset there or something like that.
Sorry?
You got to say
all
the right before
they let you cancel, right?
Well,
it seems these days they've gotten better about like letting you uh turn off auto renewal or something like that. Used
to taste you like
couldn't do that by yourself or you had to call and deal with someone for 30 minutes on the phone, they would accidentally
disconnect with you. Yeah.
it was another one that can affect the Xbox. I don't remember what it's called, but it's what I ended up getting. Well
uh sitting somewhere. Yeah.
I'm
I think.
But
you don't do
that anymore I guess. Huh?
customers were pretty upset about that red ring of death situation though. That
was
that's
pretty bad.
Yeah, there were
people
cutting their Xboxes up with blankets and like running it so melt the something inside. I don't know what they're doing.
go
on
message boards and stuff. I'm
they do.
Oh no. Uh huh.
Yeah. I remember something about being able to double your RAM by downloading more memory or something like that, that's a little bit more innocuous because it doesn't get you to stick something in the microwave but it's still
I'm
ready
to order.
Yeah, being really generous. There might be some programs that can help you optimize your am a little bit but we're not going to double it.
Right,
You get overtime
to pay some house. Huh? Yeah.
Did you happen to watch that uh Chernobyl show on HBO? They they made a They made like a six part series based on the Chernobyl incident.
I feel well I recommended it was it was really interesting and really
well.
yeah. Is that HBO Maybe I thought maybe it was I don't know,
I haven't
watched I haven't watched it yet, but I want to
I'm getting ready to watch.
It
sounds very interesting. I've heard it's pretty scary. The guy is pretty creepy. No,
depends
on who you are.
which probably is a defense strategy. Right?
Did she like have a blog or something and she was getting ready to write a book or did she actually write a book?
So
she's just
started
going through it? Yeah.
Okay. After she died. Yeah. Okay.
I
see.
Yeah. It sounds like it was people really obsessed
with it at the time. I mean everybody was afraid of what was going to happen next.
Try to protect me. Yeah.
Great
player. Really?
Sonny
bono.
Oh, it's right. Where you right, Where you live?
definitely. When did he get caught?
we're
doing x every, every college is a little different, but we're doing sort of a hybrid approach where uh, we have like a third of our students coming on monday is a third coming on Wednesdays and the third coming on Fridays. And the rest of the time they're online
wouldn't
bit,
sorry, I
didn't catch it.
I am.
Yeah. And everyone's going to wear masks. I'm going to set it up so that all my material is available online when they actually come into class. It's just going to be sort of a tutorial, you know, sort of like almost like office hours, but a little bit more structured. And the reason for that is I just don't know if students are gonna end up coming in, I mean we're going to get sick. Some people want to feel like they don't like they're not safe. So I want to make sure that they can do everything online if they want to. But if they, you know, if they paying for the experience of being in class with the professor, I want them to have that opportunity. Well, we're gonna try and I don't know, I mean, there's gonna be, we're gonna be figuring things out as we go, I think because once the student test positive, I don't know exactly what's going to happen, but it might be that anyone that was in a classroom with that student has to be away for two weeks. So were you just don't know yet?
They are, Yeah, Yeah. That's right. And like it's going to be going on for a while still, so
yeah. There's some good news about vaccinations, but uh it's still gonna take a while.
Well you're you're working from home so I guess you're relatively safe from all this. Mhm.
Yeah. Were they? Okay.
That's great.
You have to do it at all,
All right. Well, I hope you stay safe
I think. Yeah, I think we're done.
We're
giving him both material
here.
good talking
to you.
See
you.