Hello?
Hey how you doing man?
I think I'm on time. Oh yeah okay. I
accidentally
yeah I accidentally click the next button and then it was like how did your video chat go? And I was like you know, wait a minute. So then I was trying to read the page and I was like okay
all
no I know I was going to do that and then I thought no that even goes worse man. Uh huh.
I don't
I
I know I have no idea about uh what whatever you're into man,
you know it's um well because of the whole it's been really good this year because I live in Manitou Springs colorado and it's very much a tourist town. And so I live right by a part in a big free parking lot. But what that means in a typical summer is that there's never anywhere to park in front of my house, you know like go on. So you kinda have to spend the summer planning on. You know, like even if you, if you want to run to the store, you got to do it really early or after all the tourists have gone home or whatever. Because when you come back, you'll be like a mile away from your house. So
this
year,
no,
not this summer, man, everybody's been pretty staying away. So
kind
of can
Well, yeah, I mean, I haven't noticed because I worked, I've worked at home for the last like five years. Yeah.
And then I even did that before then for a while, so I didn't notice any difference, you know? But yeah, most
people
have to go to jobs.
teach grade school or middle school or?
What's your subject matter?
Oh, my, these favorite subject. Yes.
Well,
probably if I were good at it, if I were adequate, I would go. Yeah, I would embrace it. But uh probably mostly, I don't know a lot of mental blocks or whatever. I mean, you know, I love math. I think it's great. It's it's a very very useful tool. And I grew up doing construction and carpentry. So you know, it was a daily part of my existence because you can't build anything without a tape measure or knowing how to
greet it.
Exactly.
And I used to study about the great pyramids little bit here and there and of course, you know, they were very much into mathematics uh in in the building. And of course everybody is really whether they know it or not, that's the thing. You know, it's sort of like you don't really have to know how air works, but you really need it. You know,
you
you
don't have to think about it, but you're still going to have to need it, so
Uh well I went on to uh I grew up in California and uh I kinda, I dropped out of high school because my family moved a lot and we ended up in indiana in Indianapolis and it was, I thought it was the most horrible place I've ever lived in America and I really rebelled, I just couldn't take it anymore. And so halfway through the 11th grade, I just came home and when I'm not going back. So then we went back to California because we, my travels were, we had family from Illinois and so we ended up a lot going back from California, Illinois, your funerals, weddings, you know, things like that. And then um basically we had moved back for a while and everybody hated it and so we were on our way back to California. So when I got back to California, of course at that time it was in the 80s. So education, I mean if you didn't go to school you were crazy because the prices it was so cheap, you know, I could take. So I went back to I started going to junior college to finish up my lack of high school education and declared my major to be philosophy. Um And so that's pretty much where I spent my time, I sort of in between theology and philosophy uh and uh then ended up moving again
and didn't actually get to finish all the way,
but I loved it because I took night classes, I worked all day, but I took night classes. Um And it was real nice because the whole high school vibe was gone. Everybody there was paying, you know what little it was, I mean I could take 16 units for and paid parking for like Less than $100. I mean, they're giving away education. So to me, you're nuts, you're not going.
So.
Well
it
was,
well if I can't, if I took the same, even at the time I was going, if I took the same courses in Illinois or indiana or Arizona or half a dozen other states I lived in, it'd be like three times as much California
was just historically very, very cheap on, on
on the education front. So it was really nice.
Um I did go, I did take one day class and then that seemed like a continuous into high school and I was like, no, I'm not doing this man. So that's when
I just switched all night classes and everybody was adult paying for their education, wanted to be there, wanted to learn. You know, we're just
trying
to
get
mom and dad off their back, you know? It's like why are you here? Well, you know, I don't have a job and mom keeps bugging me and they're gonna kick me out of the house, you know? Nothing like that was like hey I'm trying to learn something but you know I uh I grew up without a television and I spent my entire childhood reading classics
of literature. So. Yeah.
Hey
bad.
That's good.
Oh yeah. But now uh for years and years I drug around, oh man my library was huge and I drug him around in milk crates and then wherever ended up because I moved a lot of my entire life. So wherever we ended up, I would set up my milk grades, take out my books, you know, and to be instant shelves. And then over the years Uh what would happen is when early 90's
Maybe Mid 90s computers start getting popular. Well not really popular but more available. I started off with the Commodore 64 that my friend had and uh doing backups on cassette tapes you know and we'd spend hours and hours and hours typing in code trying to get a game to work. And uh so then I went from you know of course Windows 3 1 and I cut my teeth on that. And I took programming for a couple of years decided I hated programming and I wasn't cut out for that. So then I ended up doing um I ended up doing well. I went into when Microsoft got popular when Office came out. That's when they started the whole um you could do the whole Microsoft matriculation there where you got your little certificate saying I'm an expert at this and that and the other thing. So I did that made a great living for for a long time off of just supporting Windows and
that's
what,
you know, I have um Yeah, not anymore. I've had that, I've done support for Xbox, I've done and these are all work at home jobs too. So I worked, I did support for Xbox for Microsoft, for Apple, I supported the
iphone and the ipad and that for a while, I've worked for Comcast. Um and basically I just don't like the service sector too much
the
so
it's pretty crazy when I first got my Microsoft job, it was great because they had me working hardware and you know, I just did technical support. So someone coming went, hey man, I can't get this game to work um you know, but what I mean, I love that stuff. So I spent about six months doing that and then they were like, hey, we're going to move you into a building. Oh man.
And I lasted about six months and I was like, no,
I'm not.
They're crazy mad. The reason they call you is because they've been overcharged or Microsoft in all their wisdom decided that you could sign up online, right, for Xbox Goal, That was the Big one, Xbox Gold.
And then there was no, no way to undo it online. You had to call this number, right? Which I hate those companies man everything you can do every single thing online except get rid of the ongoing monthly the recurrent payments, Call this 800 number already,
you're
like,
man,
right, right, Which I have serious X in and our truck and they're the same way. And the only reason I called him, I have to spend 20 minutes arguing with people why I don't want to renew. Its just terrible man. So then they came out with this great deal like get a get a, you know, I don't know it was just, it was too good to pass up when it was for a year so I'm like okay I can put it, I don't have to come and argue with them for a whole entire year and I get serious section for real cheap. So yeah,
but
now
did
And
you get transferred around and never talk to the right person. Oh I've heard it all man. Well basically um I got onto Xbox when they brought, what they did was when it was like the second or third iteration of the Xbox came out, they were having lots of problems with uh basically came down to the wiring of the CPU on the board. So it was what was called the side of death, right? Um remember that the red ring of death?
There was several,
yeah, so they had all their support overseas. They got so many complaints, man,
like, I mean just over and a hammer in them, like, look man, I'm trying to call for support, I can't talk to one person that I understand, I don't get it, they don't get it. So Microsoft went, okay, we're having huge problems here, we're going to bring the support back over to the US hire people to speak english and tackle it from there because they opt
at that time, You know, they had the typical, we support your xbox for 12 months, right? For like, you've got a year warranty, then after that whole snafu with the board's going wrong. They said, look man, we'll take it up to three years if this happens, you know, we're gonna put a pathway in there so you can send it back, get it repaired, you know like that. So I was I was on that end of things the
people
to
no, I couldn't take it after a year, I was done and people some in your crazy, they paid good, you get to work from home and I mean I did you know like when I went to work I just wandered off to the back room and sat at my desk but I just I couldn't take the people screaming all the time and being angry and you know, and that's why I mean Microsoft is I mean there are typical corporation man, they're they're in it for the money and you know, they get away with what they can and the customers like you know it's a vehicle for cash.
They
sure were. I
talked
to people, I had two or three of them in transit coming back you know it was a bad problem.
I
just
man there was so many of them, they all look like four chan fixes, you know like hey stick it in the microwave for a minute man, you'll be fine. You know they're my favorite hey those dudes got a lot of free time on their hands man.
The
fortune
those four
I saw them. Did you ever see the four CHAN 1 where they came out with the Apple Thing? I think it was like for Apple 65 or six where they were like I mean all there they just did the best work man. It looked just like Apple products. I mean it wasn't probably look just like their, you know, type and everything like that in the commercial. And they were like, oh yeah man, way to get, you can recharge it in like two seconds by putting in the microwave. You know, people were zapping their phones. I'm like, these guys are brilliant.
Of course. I looked and I was like, no, they don't work, you'll fry your phone.
It's pretty funny. Huh? Yeah. When Windows 95 came out, there were a lot of people were doing that. They were selling this completely useless software that didn't really do anything. And you know, I mean when when was 95 came out, I was full on into it, man. I was like, I learned how I had a lot of software that I could reverse engineer stuff, take it down back to the code, figure out how they wrote it. Um You know, and so I got to hold a couple of these programs that people like, hey, you know, Katie man, take a look at this. I'm like, all right, cool. And I'm like, that's worthless, man. I'll tell you how to get more RAM is go buy it at the store because you know, And back
then it
was like
$100.
You're not gonna do anything close. No, they're gonna shut down like background programs and you know, things like that. But yeah, so
I worked at a nuclear power plant for a while supporting and I thought that was really interesting. They, I actually ended up working in the hot zone where the controllers are. And uh yeah, that was great man. Because the thing is you spent half your day, like if you, if you got a call in the morning like you went and checked, we had all of our notes, all of our work orders and lotus and you go check your work or in the morning and say someone over in the horseshoe, which was where the controllers sit and actually do the whole, you know, we're going to make this happen saying they need a, you know, this guy's mouse broke. Oh man, you're gone for two hours. You know, it's like going through the gates, going through the, you know, you have to do, uh, you had to wear your dosimeter and go through a body scan. You know, I mean the whole nine yards man. And then if you didn't have the right part when you got there you had to go back out same thing. You take half a day man fixing like this minute
broke.
it was great.
I didn't but I you know I looked at it we have HBO max on hulu and I looked at it and I thought it was pretty interesting but years ago I had watched a lot of documentaries about Chernobyl.
I'll check
it out. Yeah lately we've been watching the one on netflix. Uh I think his netflix gone in the dark about Michelle McNamara uh figuring out helping to figure out who the golden state killer was.
It
could
it's
Yeah it's real
good.
Well
no
yeah not really. I mean he probably was back in his day but now he just pretends that he's completely out of it. So not so scary when you see him taking when they take them to court and everything. He just acts like he's not there.
It is because when they when they picked him up basically I've been following it for a while. I love true crime and
well what what happened was that she had started uh huh. It's weird because she was like she's she was in California with Peyton Oswald, right? Her husband Patton Oswald. And she was very interested in true crime. Then this one had gone on and on. You know he had like killed 13 people, raped 50 women, dropped hundreds of places and just couldn't be caught right? And so she got real interested in that. So ended up that she started putting chapters together in her laptop for this idea of a book. Uh And then I guess I think that the Q. Tata for her was that she ended up getting all the files That the main police department. I think it was by Celia Please. Somewhere in California had been putting together for years. She and they just gave her all the boxes and like 4050 boxes of their files. So she started
going
through
that.
Yeah. And then she died in her sleep of drug overdose and then the friends, she had two or three friends that were kind of helping her research and stuff like that. They all ended up going through her notes and putting the book together
So yeah.
But yeah,
it's very interesting story. I I was I grew up in California when all that was going on. Course I was pretty sheltered and I didn't know any of that. But
what?
Oh yeah, it's it's like these days gun sales went through the roof, you know it's like everybody's arming themselves and yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. When I lived in Glendale for awhile which is like right there in L. A. I lived,
we're doing
the night stalker there, Richard. Uh It was sunny blow. No bueno bueno.
I
can't. Well no, it was pretty similar to that but his cousin that helped him do these find these women and murder him and stuff. Uh He had a body shop that I used to pass by on the way to work all the time. When I walk to work in LA.
I used to see him out there working on cars. It's like, wow, I remember that dude. Yeah. That was interesting.
Oh man, that's probably in the 80s sometime. Yeah, it was a while uh it was a while a another nutjob doing this thing. Yeah. So um they're not having, did they tell you like uh this year that you're not having classes anymore? Like the
next.
Uh so you're
still going actually
to work to like a physical location?
Yours
you're still going to a physical location
to?
Yeah. The ramifications are endless.
It seems that way.
Yeah and I'm not getting one so berry ever. No never.
yeah actually my wife and my daughter had it. Um Yeah I was fine.
Um Yeah they you know I had some um I think the biggest symptom that they both had was ongoing fatigue. Like you know they had the like funny chest feeling and little kind of like flu. Um But then it took like they were just both super fatigued for months, like 23 months. They just slept all the time, you know? Uh So there seemed to be some lingering you know affects that way and then pretty much uh because magnitude is such, this town is like less than 5000 people, But on three miles from Colorado Springs, which is half a million people um we still, when I first moved here, you couldn't get anything delivered. It was just we had we could get pizza hut, then they went out of business and you could get dominoes and it was like there was no food delivery, no groceries, nothing. But when this year man, by that time we had Instacart cash, mark, you know all these people that we're delivering to manage you. So
basically we moved off of the hill, we were on this really steep hill and we moved over to kind of flat ground here and just to get off the hill and uh basically there for like a couple of months man, we just had everything delivered groceries, food. I mean pretty much we didn't hardly go anywhere, you know, it wasn't that much different but you know like we used to have to go to the store once twice a week and then we didn't really have to do that with delivery walmart
start delivering inside the car was delivering. So yeah we just played for a couple months and then I don't know, I never did worry about it too much. I I pretty much only ever wore a mask if the store said you can't come in without one but all the other stores that were fine. I never did wear one. Uh And I was good. I I really I've done a lot of research online as much as I as as much as you can these days with all of the um with all the check censoring going on. But I think I've got a pretty good handle on you know what most a lot of doctors think about it. Um, and I think for the most part, you know, it's, it's way overblown. It's not, it's not anything that should have locked the nation down in any way. Um, but uh, you know, I tried it because this year is so, it seems like most people have lost their minds. Uh, I've tried to stay real neutral about it. You know, just like I keep them asking the car. I don't wear it unless I have to go to stores that they go, you're not coming in with that. And I'm not gonna start arguing. It's their business man. If they decide, you know, I get caught up in these ridiculous Youtube videos where people are arguing about, you know, I'm like, look man, you know, like go somewhere else, but don't start acting like, you know, it's a law is when you don't, you know, like you're gonna get your attorney involved. You're not, you know, all that I really read. So, you know.
Oh, yeah. Have we done in 25 minutes?
Hey man, we went three minutes over.
What?
The
charge of extra for that? All
man.
Hey, you too,
have
a great rest today. All right. Bye.