SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: cario.
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am good I'm a little tired I'll admit I forgot that I had signed up um for this early where you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: just got the email this morning, so
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: I had like kind of rushed here to.
SPEAKER_R: Okay Okay well I'm glad that you showed. I'm glad we both showed up because I have done other rounds of this where sometimes people don't show up and then that's a little like okay like that's thanks. No Right
SPEAKER_L: that's how my first one went.
SPEAKER_R: okay yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that's tough.
SPEAKER_L: how many times have you done this?
SPEAKER_R: Um So in this round this is my first time but in
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: previous round of it six times so yeah they had up to six and then now this is like a new series and so I was like okay like let's go for it again. So yeah
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: yep. So what state
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: students,
SPEAKER_R: you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Missouri swearing.
SPEAKER_R: of my employees is in Missouri ST louis search so I'm in Dallas texas
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm about
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: uh two hours away from ST louis. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it cold up there right now or?
SPEAKER_L: Missouri has the weirdest weather, like one day it could be hot one day, it could be cold one day it could be somewhere in the middle. So you really can't predict it at all. Like there was one day where snowing I think in like june or something like that. It
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: weird. That was like two years ago, right?
SPEAKER_R: okay
SPEAKER_L: 1000
SPEAKER_R: okay you wanna
SPEAKER_L: balance.
SPEAKER_R: meet them? Um So it's warm right now although I guess we'll warmish. I say I think it's gonna get up to maybe 74 75. Um My house is 68 degrees right now but since I just woke up I'm still kind of warm so I I don't have like my my jacket on or like a zip up yet. Um So but no like a couple weeks ago we got a cold front and I had my winter coat, I had my heat on, I had my Costco like room heater you know they're like little heat dish. So I was you know I also have like I got my my huge blanket out so um I bundled up for that but now it's it's a little bit warmer so
SPEAKER_L: How cold does it get at night? In texas?
SPEAKER_R: Um it varies I think overnight I think it was in the 50s. Um So not not super cold so but yeah
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: yep. Some um yeah so what um what have you picked up any new hobbies this year? Like anything positive like a lot of times people don't talk about covid which I'm not opposed to it, I'm like okay it's like anything good that's happening this year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well with my mom, she's actually been picking up a bunch of different businesses, like she actually got kicked out about, kicked out one of her business and that one you do multiple in the same um like you can't do multiple businesses with that business, so she pretty much got kicked out of that, but it's actually kind of a good thing because now she can do her own thing based off, it was like a jewelry business, so like now now she can do her own like little boutique and she has her own boutique at home and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: great
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I've been helping her with that and then uh due to you know the Covid and stuff, I've actually been helping my mom Arden for the first time, so we've been like planting the carrots and cucumbers, I don't think that you actually got any carrots or cucumber as well, I don't think that. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Didn't it didn't work out this year this time? Okay well maybe
SPEAKER_L: at least,
SPEAKER_R: maybe it's the weather it's not you it's not your planting right? But okay.
SPEAKER_L: at least that aspect, but we also planted a lot of flowers as well so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's great. Oh my gosh I love flowers. Um Well if you ever go to ST louis there's botanical gardens that's absolutely gorgeous, there's a greenhouse and I remember
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: going there actually think it was I want to say it was like two thanksgivings ago at night. They like light up the garden, they've got all these lights and it's very festive, they've got like fires going and lanterns and it's um it's pretty neat to see, you know, botanical gardens at night so um That's really cool though, helping out with the jewelry business. That's awesome. Um Small
SPEAKER_L: sort
SPEAKER_R: businesses,
SPEAKER_L: of yeah
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: for me I've done more so I love to work out. So I've been reading up about like muscle anatomy and other um like strength training. Um Not not like I want to become like a bodybuilder or anything like that, but just mixing it up I think of my gym as my second home, so I'm very happy that my jim's back open. Um But I've also been doing painting so um painting coloring, like the adult coloring books, like I'm surprisingly fun, you know, just
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: to kind
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: of be
SPEAKER_L: adult
SPEAKER_R: light.
SPEAKER_L: color? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually gonna grab and so like there's like lots of like geometric designs, like things that are like more adult like as opposed to just like little kids, like cartoon drawings. My
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Princess investor.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so they've got different designs. There's um my sister gave me a rocky mountain coloring book, so I love to go hiking and so there's tons of like, I don't know and there's like mountain goats and sheeps and mountains and like the scenes of you know mountains in the distance and so I was like okay that's kind of cool like knocking like color mountains, it's not the same as hiking there. But um yeah so something different.
SPEAKER_L: They have like set colors, you know, pick to color the mountains or something like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: it is all up to you if you want um you get you get to pick the color so that for me being kind of type a at times it's like oh no I don't want to mess this up and then I have to remind myself this is just me having fun, just being creative. It's just one page. But um yeah, I mean they do have, I have seen like adult color by numbers, which actually tells you specifically what to color, but for me, I'm like, no, I just, I'll just do like, you know, I'll just, I'll pick either a few colors or just, you know, just as I go. Um So it's it's fun, something
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: works
SPEAKER_L: I usually think of what I think of like coloring books is like telling you what
SPEAKER_R: what to do.
SPEAKER_L: what colors to use. But that's really cool that they don't tell you just like be creative with.
SPEAKER_R: just be creative. Yeah, so it's um I'm trying to like let go more and just roll with things, so uh so that's been, it's been good.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: how do you work out?
SPEAKER_R: um so I do primarily weightlifting. Um So generally I've got a lower body upper body and then I have a turf day. So turf day I'd say is Probably more lower body, but um so my gym has a 40 yard turf. Um So it's it's cowboys, it's like a cowboys jim. So they've got like all the, you know, it's like the theme is like football because you know, here we're here in texas. Um But they've got tires where that you can flip, they've got sleds that you can load it up with weight, you can push, you can pull um lots of kettlebells, so on the turf, a lot of times they will use like a sandbag, ball slams. Um So I'm trying I'm just trying to get stronger I guess, you know, I feel like growing up like, especially for women, it's like okay, like beef in be skinny, it's like okay, I'm not going to ever be like a site, like I'm not that's just not happening. So now I'm like okay, like let me be strong, like so my goal is to get a pull up, one pull up that's not assisted. So right now I've been really working my upper body trying to just lift weights, get stronger kind of progressive overload, but I'm not there yet. So I'm trying to get I'm trying to get a little bit more muscle but I'm not I'm not strong enough to like pull my whole body up yet. Um Guys make it look easy at the gym, but I'm like ok yeah, like I gotta I gotta keep working. Oh
SPEAKER_L: How long have been doing that for?
SPEAKER_R: um I've been working out now. I've been at this gym for full year previously, I was just working out at my house for probably the last three years, so probably about four years total. So yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah in terms of me and working out actually I used to work at a gym but now I don't know if you've heard of it. It's this video game called Ring fit adventure.
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm gonna have to write that. That ring fit adventure. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's rather a Nintendo switch, you get like this giant ring and you attach one of the controllers to it and you kind of flex it in and out and like builds up your muscle and it's like a G R. U. B. Like them or anything. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I have not played games since, I don't know, I was probably 12 or 13. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Well basically
SPEAKER_R: While
SPEAKER_L: how it goes is that you get into these battles and you have to beat these monsters and since the exercise game, the way you defeat the monsters actually by doing exercises, so Depending on what color the enemies are, you have to do specific like fit skills. So if it's blue then you have to like maybe squats or thigh presses and you do a lot, especially if you're difficulty is you know higher because you said it's a lot of different difficulties, like 1-30. So they'll have, you do like maybe like four on level one, like 44 reps on level one of die presses. But
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: asthma,
SPEAKER_L: on 30 they'll probably have you like 40 because your damage, you do less damage, but you get more exercise. So that's why I play on. But
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's worked amazing for me. Like, like I said, I used to Go to the gym and that never really worked for me for some reason. I always fluctuated between, you know, 2:20 and 2:25. But ever since doing ring fit, I've lost infinitely more weight than I ever would have.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome,
SPEAKER_L: Things. I'm now like 209 I think. And I've been really like doing it as frequently. I'm still I maintain it.
SPEAKER_R: Good for you. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. For me it's like I live alone and so I don't know, I feel like half the time I'm just like I gotta get out of my house like I need to go talk to like even like alright talk to like the employees there. Um There's a couple of trainers that I don't work out with but um the social isolation is real, so I'm like I got to get out and see people even though I'm like you know we're in the mask and um you know not really having a full conversation like when I go to the gym I do like to work out, I'm not you know like standing around talking all day or anything. But um yeah, so you got your mom, do you have it like, do you live with anyone else or, or I don't even know if you live with her, but I guess you've got family nearby.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mom and step dad in college right now.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Okay. Oh, oh my gosh, you're so young. I graduate. So I graduated from college 13 years ago.
SPEAKER_L: What? Oh, wow, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm 21
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: I've got
SPEAKER_L: old.
SPEAKER_R: no makeup, so I look, I look probably younger and or more tired, but no, um, I'm almost 35. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I thought you were you were older when you said you had employees in Missouri? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I've got, yeah, I got employees there. I've got couple in California, but yeah, that's um, that's cool. So what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: Computer programming.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I want
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: to be a video
SPEAKER_R: should be
SPEAKER_L: game
SPEAKER_R: lots
SPEAKER_L: program.
SPEAKER_R: of opportunities, offered jobs. Oh, that's fun. Okay. Okay. I, I can see like some passion there and hey job security and probably a lot of growth. Um, I'm in project management, so I had no idea what I wanted to do and I ended up falling into insurance and then under, you know, insurance underwriting and then now I'm in project management. So um that's cool video game developer, that's so specific. I love it though, because like I said, I, I didn't know what I wanted to do, I just made, I managed it in business business administration, just thinking okay, like I'll find something after this, I have no idea what I'm doing. Mhm Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. So are you, so is it all virtual now for school?
SPEAKER_L: We can either do it virtually or in school they gave us the option. Like during the class we can we actually just do it from home or just come to school, we just have to go to school and actually be in the class just once every two weeks. That's like what were required to be because for our school you actually get deducted points uh if you're late to class or don't show up for class. So like normally at least so for this this semester since everything going on, we were only required to be there just once every two weeks. But I usually go there unless something's going on because it's almost the same experience except of course get talk to people like right next to you. Pretty much have to like to communicate. Um basically we use it, we use zoom so we zoom if we have trouble with our program and to help us, you know code because usually like some small problem like we spelled something wrong or well some things on the right line or something like that, so she will help us with that when we share a screen just like we wouldn't know. Class.
SPEAKER_R: right, that's cool. Yeah, I can't, I can't imagine like that's, that's um technology is great, that's all I gotta say. Technology is awesome. Yeah, I mean it's uh it's tough. Yeah. Um did you
SPEAKER_L: Every
SPEAKER_R: go like,
SPEAKER_L: class.
SPEAKER_R: have you been on vacations or? Uh Yeah, like once, once all this is over or is there a place
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: where you're like, oh, I can't wait to go. I'm sorry. I think that, I think this video froze for a moment.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Um The only place I really want to go is they're actually making this Nintendo like theme park in Japan. I've never been to Japan, so I really want to go to Japan and to see the theme park and go to there. It's like this fully decked out Mario theme park, they have like it looks like a more level, I think it's called like Nintendo World or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: okay. That really would be cool. I mean, Mark bro, I mean it's, yeah, that's awesome. It sounds kind of like Disney, but for Mario brothers and like Nintendo. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool, man. Like I'm just thinking like, wouldn't it be cool if like a company like sent you there to like all expenses paid? Like that would be awesome. That's so cool, wow. I was going to go to the Great Smoky Mountains in Tennessee back in april and then that got canceled due to Covid, but in March I was actually in san Diego for work. And um we got the announcement like, oh like we need to head back home and then we're all like well we're here for another two days, like we're not gonna we're not going to change our flights for two days earlier. And then we got the announcement so like no more like you've got to cancel your business trips that are going on the next two months and then two months became six months and then it became the entire year. And now it's probably no no business travel until I think next summer. But I'll be honest, I was I'm glad I got to go to SAn Diego because well, I mean yes, it was work. But um it was fun. We we uh I'd say like different corporations will have like boondoggles. Um I don't know if you're familiar with that, So boondoggle is basically, it's a trip that like they're like there's a business reason, but it's kind of like, all right, like you're not really working, it's really more of a fun trip. So like we went on a dinner cruise, like in the bay, you know, going past like Hotel del Coronado and along, you know, seeing watching the sunset and then you get free food. They've got an open bar um Like in the fruit, it's like they've got like filet mignon, like they've got like nice like nice food being. So like they got a carving station like with a guy in the suit, like carving the meat for you and you know, we're all just like hanging out on this boat and yeah, so I mean it's um it was work, but it wasn't that much like we we probably had like two hours of actual meetings so we didn't really have to go to san Diego for this. It's just something that I was like yes like finally I'm like I worked hard like yeah I got the invitation to this. I'm like yes but
SPEAKER_L: Do you travel a lot for your work?
SPEAKER_R: I used to yeah I used to go um so about five employees right now and so they're all separate so I used to go visit them. Um I also would work with I. T. So I'm not I'm not good at programming like you um like what you're studying but um so in insurance we've got quoting systems where you know people will quote you know for me I work on the business line side so um more like for small businesses you know so retail
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: stores um I don't know offices etcetera. Um But working with I. T. Just to make our system better kind of like focusing on the user experience. So every quarter I would go up to um not saying to you go up to Ohio um in Cincinnati and meet with I. T. And just share kind of thoughts. Actually see them plan. Okay what are they going to work on? How do we automate more things? Um How do we make the experience better? So yeah I used to I used to rack up my air miles and my hotel points so and now it's like that's all on pause. But um yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: it sounds like a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: What's the most
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you've been to?
SPEAKER_R: Las Vegas without a doubt. So um that truly was a fun trip. So I was a project manager so I actually was working on a marketing trip. And have you been to Vegas?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: No? Okay it's like well you're 21 like go once it's safe again like right now. I don't know I don't know even if like the buffets are open but they've got tons of buffets that are all you can eat if you like food. I mean who doesn't write like you it's incredible. They have so much that you can eat. Like the only danger is you'll probably eat too much and then you will feel sick for a little bit. Like almost like little have that feeling where you're like oh I'm kind of like you know, I'm kind of full and then like you're like oh well I'm gonna just have you know, one more whatever and then you eat that and then you're like oh man now I gotta like walk back like water all back to the hotel room. But um lots of people watching um I don't gamble that much but gambling is fun, just like the slot machines and sometimes they'll give you like oh free $10 to sign up you know for the little card for free um Blah like each hotel has a theme, so like there's caesars Palace, it's really greek style, like mythology. Um There's there's bellagio's gorgeous, they've got like all this like I mean there's so much that you can see in each casino and like you can take photos um and then there's shows that are really fun, so like Cirque de Soleil, there's several different shows. Um I've seen several but they do like they'll do flips in the air, like they'll do jumps, hoops like it's um it just got so much like strength and grace and they make it everything look easy. So it's um it's like a modern, almost like a modern circus show but without the animals it's all people and they've got really neat costumes. Um But Vegas is incredible and you could probably also drive to the Grand Canyon if you wanted to go see the Grand Canyon do like a day trip or do or do like an airplane tour, but for my trip it was really cool. Um Some of my business partners, some of the business partners, it's like we go, you know we had dinner, we did a show and then like, I don't know, it's maybe 11 o'clock at night. And so in Vegas it's like oh like we've got plenty of time to like go do more stuff and they're like hey Kristin, do you want to come to um Fremont Street? So Fremont Street like old Vegas off of the strip, so we go there and um long story short, I end up deciding, yep, I'm gonna zip line over crowds of people over the streets, like there's these bright lights, its famous since um it's called Fremont Street, but they got all these lights,
SPEAKER_L: Report.
SPEAKER_R: it's coordinated with music and it's so neat like you just you zip line over the street. Um So that was that was that was really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: incredible.
SPEAKER_L: think I've seen that before. Uh have you ever seen a Hell's Kitchen
SPEAKER_R: I haven't no.
SPEAKER_L: What? Okay. Yeah, I think uh like one of the rewards for, it's like a game show, like one of the rewards for the challenges actually that I'm pretty sure at least.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah, that's one thing I want to do in las Vegas is visit Hell's Kitchen restaurant
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. Yeah I have not uh have not been there but yeah they've got tons of restaurants like they've got like different yeah celebrity chefs and um I don't know it's just it's neat and then just watching people like their shopping, there's eating, there's I mean it's um you really don't need like a fancy hotel room. Like my mom and I we ended up staying at the flamingo like so I had I've got I've had a couple of business trips to las Vegas but then I've also gone with my mom so like a business, it's like alright caesar's Palace and like the area, but then for with my mom I'm like well just stay at the flamingo, it's like right in the middle. I think it was like 40 bucks a night. So I was like let's like we're not really not staying in um in the hotel that much, you know, we're generally out,
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: it's really just more like a place to crash, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'd have to go visit there someday. Mhm. Have you ever you should definitely watch Hell's Kitchen though like this show
SPEAKER_R: so now
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: is that a cooking competition?
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's a show. Uh Yeah. Yeah it's a competition where they get multiple different chefs are across the country, they're not chefs business like cooks across the country And they all compete to get a quarter of $1 million dollars in a restaurant. And meanwhile and the reason why it's called Hell's Kitchen is that they have Gordon Ramsay? You know who Gordon Ramsay is?
SPEAKER_R: yeah he's loud, he's gonna yell at you. Yes, I mean I mean I'm taking real life, he's probably nice. I don't know maybe. Or where is it just you just mean in general?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think they edit the footage where he's like the most angry because I think they said like he only gets angry when he has a reason to. But yeah I watch like every single season of that. I really want to go to one of his restaurants. He um he actually opened up a restaurant in Missouri and Kansas city and I think that's only like four hours away from where I am. So I want to go to that. It
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: is Brexit These are insane. Like I think it's like $25 for a Caesar salad or something. It's
SPEAKER_R: No way. Are you serious? Wow. That's crazy,
SPEAKER_L: Like well we looked at the menu and it was like like almost $100 just for one person. Pretty much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I guess enough people go where he can get away with that pricing. I guess you're kind of paying more for the experience as opposed to the food. But yeah, that's that's expensive, wow. But
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: hey like you only live once, right? I mean yo yo
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: yo.
SPEAKER_L: it because they have to make a reservation there and I guess it's like really booked what I know like the health kitchen in las Vegas is like booked months in advance. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm
SPEAKER_R: You have to just, you have to just plan ahead I guess or get there and hope there's a cancel asia. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: that's that's probably too risky right? You know it's but that's cool. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: I'll have
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: favorite
SPEAKER_R: check
SPEAKER_L: food?
SPEAKER_R: out the show my favorite food do so. Mhm. This is a man. Um I'm probably gonna go with like rotisserie chicken because I eat it so much. But like like truly like if I could have any food that I could eat where the calories didn't count, that would be dark chocolate.
SPEAKER_L: Dark chocolate. Yeah. My mom Like Starchild.
SPEAKER_R: it's just um it's so good but I can't keep a ton of it in my house because I will want to eat it or if I have like a stressful day, I'll just be like, I'm just gonna eat two pieces, and then all of a sudden it's like half the bag's gone, so I can't I can't keep it in my house, I can't keep large quantities in my house, but um I don't know, yeah, rotisserie chicken, like, I don't know if you guys have a walmart nearby, but I'll admit I love that chicken, like, I can do it by itself, I can add it to a salad, I could create my own chicken noodle soup. Um I'm like, man, it's like, it's so reasonable too, so, but
SPEAKER_L: we get that. Sometimes. There was history checking from walmart like we're right where we are. And I live in Springfield Missouri like there's like a walmart, like almost every, I'd say five miles. 10 miles. It's there's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: go with any, any direction, you'll find a walmart, you'll hit one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I literally live like five minutes away from a wall part. Like I hadn't seen the Walmart almost like right now, right? It's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that's not close to this, right,
SPEAKER_R: So what's your favorite food?
SPEAKER_L: definitely macaroni and cheese. I want to try and make uh my own homemade macaroni and cheese. That's one goal and wine to do this year. So hopefully I can do that maybe on thanksgiving or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a great idea. Okay, very cool, man. I just was thinking, I haven't had macaroni cheese in years but I'm trying not to eat too many carbs but I don't know it's everyone's different everyone's body is different. But um that's definitely yeah comfort food. I'm actually thinking now kraft macaroni and cheese like the classic you know but you probably know of some others that are like even better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I really don't like craft record. I like Alberta. Have you ever heard of Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'll be there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The shells. Um I think it's like I used to like crashed but like, ever since I tried Velveeta, I think
SPEAKER_R: you're like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: never going back. You're like Melvin is it like that's cool that's cool awesome. All right I'm trying. So do you think we hit our 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been like, let's
SPEAKER_R: 27
SPEAKER_L: see My time where it says 29 minutes, so
SPEAKER_R: You're you're probably little
SPEAKER_L: I think.
SPEAKER_R: early so. Okay cool. Well it was nice to chat with you hope you have a good rest of your day
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_R: so all right take care.