Hi.
I'm good, how are you?
I
just got the email this morning, so
I had like kind of rushed here to.
that's how my first one went.
So
how many times have you done this?
And
it?
but
the
students,
I'm in Missouri swearing.
Yeah, I'm about
uh two hours away from ST louis. Mhm.
Missouri has the weirdest weather, like one day it could be hot one day, it could be cold one day it could be somewhere in the middle. So you really can't predict it at all. Like there was one day where snowing I think in like june or something like that. It
weird. That was like two years ago, right?
1000
balance.
How cold does it get at night? In texas?
And
Yeah. Well with my mom, she's actually been picking up a bunch of different businesses, like she actually got kicked out about, kicked out one of her business and that one you do multiple in the same um like you can't do multiple businesses with that business, so she pretty much got kicked out of that, but it's actually kind of a good thing because now she can do her own thing based off, it was like a jewelry business, so like now now she can do her own like little boutique and she has her own boutique at home and
so
yeah, so I've been helping her with that and then uh due to you know the Covid and stuff, I've actually been helping my mom Arden for the first time, so we've been like planting the carrots and cucumbers, I don't think that you actually got any carrots or cucumber as well, I don't think that. Really?
at least,
at least that aspect, but we also planted a lot of flowers as well so.
the
sort
of yeah
but
Who
there's
adult
color? Mhm
Yeah. Princess investor.
They have like set colors, you know, pick to color the mountains or something like
that.
that's
what
I usually think of what I think of like coloring books is like telling you what
what colors to use. But that's really cool that they don't tell you just like be creative with.
So
how do you work out?
How long have been doing that for?
Yeah in terms of me and working out actually I used to work at a gym but now I don't know if you've heard of it. It's this video game called Ring fit adventure.
it's rather a Nintendo switch, you get like this giant ring and you attach one of the controllers to it and you kind of flex it in and out and like builds up your muscle and it's like a G R. U. B. Like them or anything. Thanks.
Yeah. Okay. Well basically
how it goes is that you get into these battles and you have to beat these monsters and since the exercise game, the way you defeat the monsters actually by doing exercises, so Depending on what color the enemies are, you have to do specific like fit skills. So if it's blue then you have to like maybe squats or thigh presses and you do a lot, especially if you're difficulty is you know higher because you said it's a lot of different difficulties, like 1-30. So they'll have, you do like maybe like four on level one, like 44 reps on level one of die presses. But
like
on 30 they'll probably have you like 40 because your damage, you do less damage, but you get more exercise. So that's why I play on. But
yeah, it's worked amazing for me. Like, like I said, I used to Go to the gym and that never really worked for me for some reason. I always fluctuated between, you know, 2:20 and 2:25. But ever since doing ring fit, I've lost infinitely more weight than I ever would have.
Things. I'm now like 209 I think. And I've been really like doing it as frequently. I'm still I maintain it.
Yeah. My mom and step dad in college right now.
What? Oh, wow, okay.
Yeah, I'm 21
years
old.
I thought you were you were older when you said you had employees in Missouri? Yeah
Computer programming.
Yeah, I want
to be a video
game
program.
mm. Okay.
We can either do it virtually or in school they gave us the option. Like during the class we can we actually just do it from home or just come to school, we just have to go to school and actually be in the class just once every two weeks. That's like what were required to be because for our school you actually get deducted points uh if you're late to class or don't show up for class. So like normally at least so for this this semester since everything going on, we were only required to be there just once every two weeks. But I usually go there unless something's going on because it's almost the same experience except of course get talk to people like right next to you. Pretty much have to like to communicate. Um basically we use it, we use zoom so we zoom if we have trouble with our program and to help us, you know code because usually like some small problem like we spelled something wrong or well some things on the right line or something like that, so she will help us with that when we share a screen just like we wouldn't know. Class.
Every
class.
No.
Yeah. Okay. Um The only place I really want to go is they're actually making this Nintendo like theme park in Japan. I've never been to Japan, so I really want to go to Japan and to see the theme park and go to there. It's like this fully decked out Mario theme park, they have like it looks like a more level, I think it's called like Nintendo World or something like that.
Mhm
Do you travel a lot for your work?
no.
Yeah,
it sounds like a lot of fun.
What's the most
you've been to?
No.
Report.
I
think I've seen that before. Uh have you ever seen a Hell's Kitchen
What? Okay. Yeah, I think uh like one of the rewards for, it's like a game show, like one of the rewards for the challenges actually that I'm pretty sure at least.
Uh yeah, that's one thing I want to do in las Vegas is visit Hell's Kitchen restaurant
You know?
Yeah I'd have to go visit there someday. Mhm. Have you ever you should definitely watch Hell's Kitchen though like this show
it
yeah it's a show. Uh Yeah. Yeah it's a competition where they get multiple different chefs are across the country, they're not chefs business like cooks across the country And they all compete to get a quarter of $1 million dollars in a restaurant. And meanwhile and the reason why it's called Hell's Kitchen is that they have Gordon Ramsay? You know who Gordon Ramsay is?
Yeah. I think they edit the footage where he's like the most angry because I think they said like he only gets angry when he has a reason to. But yeah I watch like every single season of that. I really want to go to one of his restaurants. He um he actually opened up a restaurant in Missouri and Kansas city and I think that's only like four hours away from where I am. So I want to go to that. It
is Brexit These are insane. Like I think it's like $25 for a Caesar salad or something. It's
Like well we looked at the menu and it was like like almost $100 just for one person. Pretty much. Yeah.
Good.
Is
it because they have to make a reservation there and I guess it's like really booked what I know like the health kitchen in las Vegas is like booked months in advance. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm
It's
What's
your
favorite
food?
Dark chocolate. Yeah. My mom Like Starchild.
we get that. Sometimes. There was history checking from walmart like we're right where we are. And I live in Springfield Missouri like there's like a walmart, like almost every, I'd say five miles. 10 miles. It's there's a lot.
Yeah. I literally live like five minutes away from a wall part. Like I hadn't seen the Walmart almost like right now, right? It's
that's not close to this, right,
definitely macaroni and cheese. I want to try and make uh my own homemade macaroni and cheese. That's one goal and wine to do this year. So hopefully I can do that maybe on thanksgiving or something.
Yeah. I really don't like craft record. I like Alberta. Have you ever heard of Yeah.
The shells. Um I think it's like I used to like crashed but like, ever since I tried Velveeta, I think
I
Yeah, it's been like, let's
see My time where it says 29 minutes, so
I think.
Yeah. You too.