Yeah. Mhm consequence. Mhm. Yeah. Criticality. Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Okay. Okay. That's a great book, Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. This is Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mm. But Uh huh. Uh huh Right. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Hi. Hello? How are
you doing?
Oh yeah, I can hear you perfectly. Can you hear me?
Alright? Great. So how's your day going? So hard?
Are really where you're located?
Northwest
region?
Oh yeah, right in the news lately, it looks pretty hard
out
there.
It
hopefully,
no. Uh yeah, here I'm in the south, So here is always warm when it's cold, it's like around the 60s at least. That's like the maximum what? Yeah. So it's never really like quote around here and I leave it. I live in the area where um where nothing really that happens and we don't have any tornadoes or severe thunderstorms or anything
like that. So I guess in a way, yeah. So like, I guess in a way I'm lucky because when I look at the news, there's always like these reports of how Dallas is like under tornado watches or something like that. And I'm over here like, oh, you know, thank God I'm over here. You know, I don't have to worry about that. So
that's the thing. It's kind of boring over here though. But
everything I have and you know, in danger all the time. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But I guess we do have a bunch of heatwaves though. It's really hot around here.
It
gets around to like the hundreds. Yeah. I mean taxes.
I think around last summer it was about like 110 around here. 100 and something.
I don't know how I survived. I really don't because I tell my friends I'm in college and I tell my friends who are from Canada or somewhere up Lord and they were like how do you guys survive? There will be sweating. They will be drenched because they're not really used to this weather. But we are so we're just like, oh you know, you kind of live with it and what else can we do? Right. But then like how can you do it? Like their like dying over there. It was just over here us regular people who live in the city who were going to the city, you just see like people from Canada and all those people are just like out of breath stretching. And also over here we're just like, oh kind of number for us. Telephone into C. Yeah.
And
you're like yes,
oh no, I was going to ask you like we have any similar experiences when it comes through. You know we have friends that's not from the region that they come over to like your north Lawrence
Central
Central.
it
is.
No look.
notions. Yeah.
me too
something yeah. Okay.
I think
I
know who you're
talking about.
There you
go.
Absolutely.
Yeah it was kind of going to yeah.
it's kind of crazy man.
no
I
have trouble, have trouble driving on eyes. Um Yeah, I'm scared. Uh we we I went to California two years ago and were on their way back and we had to take out the back group and tomorrow nope also. And the thing is it was really really dark And it was also really quarter but it was about 30° and we were like in the mountain range already were in the mountains and the world was just full of ice and it was like no lamppost or anything. So I couldn't see what was ahead of me. My only like light source was where my headlights and I've never driven in thin ice ever in my life. So that was my first
time. And he also scary. Yeah because I accelerated just a little bit and I just felt my car just glide and it was so scary. Like there was nothing around us. There was no town or anything like that. I guess we're like an hour away from like a town. Mm scary. Yeah. I've never because we don't have any like uh snow days around here. We do have some like um ice on the streets. But I guess it's different because you know if you're in trouble you could actually I could just go to my nears grocery store is always someone there on your like in a really dark place When with no one around it's scary. So um I'm guessing you have experiences and driving the ice, right? Because you have like smoke stories and stuff like that.
But
every
night.
I didn't know that I was staring to laugh or I guess to the right, I was doing the opposite way because that's how I learned it like yeah whatever happened just doing the opposite direction. But I didn't know you had to be in the right to what
I didn't know that.
I
wow, I'll keep that in mind next time and I hope I don't drive a nice again because I was pretty scary for my first
time.
You're saved.
Well we've got someone helping you who actually knew Iowa is like the word when they have a bunch of snow so
I wouldn't want to live in Iowa. No, I do have a friend who visited during christmas break and you can, we just a bunch of cells like everywhere you look at yourself no matter and it's really hard to drive. It's like, yeah, I've heard.
Mhm. It's crazy. Like like as you said, the global global warming things going on I think pretty crazy. And it just kind of sucks how no one's really taking precaution to it. Well can I just during the same direction like the ones really doing anything like as you so well,
uh you said tell me about how like it was one day cold and then the next thing was like pretty high, It was the same thing over here, it was about 90 and then at night actually was on the same day, It dropped down 40° 30 degrees. I was like that's crazy egg
crazy.
I.
No. Yeah.
What?
That's very far
away?
Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I got to.
that,
I think,
wow, I didn't know that
it's
said that.
I have was about million hundreds of millions animals. That's pretty
sad.
It's a I do hope that the fire is extinguished sooner than later. It's already bad enough.
Yeah, I do understand like because we also have similar weather over here but over there it's more brutal considering at um you said it was the latest first.
That's a uh but they haven't like uh the weather over there like 100 cents or is that just as strongly as a whole?
but I think they have like, I don't know, they also have humidity over there so that just
makes
matters worse.
Yeah, I say that to the to read a lot of scientific articles. Did you are a science major? Did you major in science
or do you know about the hobby?
really? Oh that's cool, that's
And
Shit.
All
No,
I haven't.
I
Wait to the last minute.
Our biology major.
Yes. No, I haven't read any articles in school uh since this semester ended, so like usually when I'm on my break I just don't think about
articles or anything like that. Yeah, but I started getting about a week. Yeah week actually. So let's I'll probably read about that article when I'm trying to like do research
is
like
that.
It's going to be too late by the time we try to resolve it. That's sad. It's kind of not really sad, but I mean I guess that's how we are and it kind of sucks that politics is tied to the environment, like for example. Ah trump Yeah. He uh he uh take away from environmental, all the regulations.
Almost something like grain deals.
No, maybe.
you start but it was also like other things about national parks or something like that. Um
there's something like that. and I was kind of like outrage because it's like there's a reason why it's there in the first place and you just begin away. I'm a huge um I'm I'm a huge advocate for the environment. So whenever I hear about like politicians doing something like negative for the environment, just like, you know, do your own politics thing, you know, that's a scientist who actually know about these things, deal with it. Like it's sad that we have like these people who don't really know about anything, you know, it's in their hands and if we're trying to do something, you know, they were trying to take long but it will be deemed illegal and like they were trying to um you know, put something in our case, you like know what you're doing is wrong because it's in the law, we set this blah blah. And it's just sad I just hold that sometimes in your future that changes the system changes. I really don't like how the politicians democrat republican, all that deal for dealing with the environment that um
Keystone.
Keystone,
they already suffered enough now that you
know, it's like
worth
well.
it irritates me
as well.
it is, it really is. And I heard that the pipeline one of the pipelines burst so it contaminated yeah, actually kind of contaminated like one of the water source. I'm just like but yeah,
but
He
a new refrigerators, you
don't
know
if that
would be
Capitalism.
300?
What?
But getting very
close to it.
yeah, yeah, that's correct. I totally agree with what you're saying, especially with celebrities, they, they always say, oh, you know, support, you know, we need to make changes in our world and you know, they were saying all these kinds of things, but then you see them the next day on a private jet going to like the pilot Bahamas, I like new Leonardo dicaprio, you know, on a yack and he's like one of them like the main like spokesperson for the environmental, like that was like how can you say that when you're leaving such a huge carbon footprint, you know, all these private jazz, all these yack,
all
these
everything
and,
and
hey,
big yes.
Mhm.
You think what's the point of having so many houses, you
know?
Mm
She wasn't really like ground
I totally agree. Yeah. I really like the celebration, like pretty humble then they're not the type to like, you know, oh, you look at me have this many awards or look at me have this much money. Well, what's the guy's name? I think Joaquin phoenix. He's one of those people who really humble, he actually does like he's a vegan himself.
And
what do you feel it?
he's a really great actor.
He was great.
Yeah. But what if he lets himself, he's actually, he, he's an advocate for the environment, but I'm like, you know, not, I'm like Dicaprio, he's actually, you know, he takes commercial airplanes. Uh, he's actually illegal himself. Um, he actually takes action until just saying it. You know, he's not, the celebrities were just no all talk but no action. But the thing and there's many other celebrities, which is, you know at least there's some celebrities who actually do things. But the majority of it they don't really do anything. It's just possible. It it says. Yeah. Well it's been long.
Okay. Yeah. We're passionate about what we were talking about.
Uh huh. Yeah. I really do hope you know you are successful in the creative writing Korea in your college career. Do you have anything here in politics
were
major
in creative arms.
All you graduated? Oh sorry, I'm going to do, I'm like why would you say that? It's cool. I wish I'm gonna be like that too. But I mean I really hold you know I see one of your publisher here and one of your published writings out there and hopefully you mind to me also as soon as my biology career as well.
Higher.
Exactly yeah. Actually um I'm taking courses and there's micro environmental microbiology, Environmental something. Yeah, we have a bunch of course is like that from taking all of that for credit because you know, I need to graduate but also from a I was apply for medical school um Hopefully what we like um different from the ordinary lunch. But yeah, I've been, yeah, it's been going hard, but I I think I got it.
Thank you. Yeah.
Really? I graduated 2021.
Collection
Bachelors. Yeah. Pretty young in this college because we're saying yeah, yeah, kind of hard. But at least have people to, you know, struggle with how many sleepless nights. Oh gosh.
Sunday.
Thank you. Yeah. Hopefully it's so worth it to me. Hopefully. Uh huh,
sweating. It was nice talking to you too. You know, you gave me so many information I didn't know about. I really do appreciate that. Yeah. You know about the frogs are in our body changing temperatures. Apathy.
Absolutely,
yeah. Yeah. I'll try to google it
somewhere around
their
body
temperature.
Okay. I was trying to do with it right now. I'm actually interested in me. I used it for my professor. All right.
Thank you so much. Riley's conversation with me. I appreciate your
time.
They
do. Thank you. Like
what? Thank