fine
how are you? Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
It's going okay we've had bad weather out here.
I mean
I'm
in the central part of the United States were experiencing bad snowstorms so yeah
it
is.
Well you know um don't have the snowstorms like we used to like when I was growing up but Um so this snowstorm is today but then tomorrow I think it's supposed to go up to like 40°
and it will be warmer next week so we don't have very long lasting winter days anymore.
Yeah. Where are you?
Go
All
Oh you know
well it's good more than a tornado because I heard some of the weather that we're experiencing is affecting down south and because you guys have normally warmer weather if you would have the tornado problems. So yeah
I didn't like
texas.
Yeah that that's yeah they have real serious cute problems. Yeah.
What are you? Yeah.
Yeah it's
strange.
Go on.
I'm in
the actually
live in Kansas city Missouri area. So yeah which I will specify Missouri because if I tell people like anybody who's not familiar with Kansas city they think oh Kansas and I'm like no no no we're not this Missouri learn your geography you know? So we get that a lot. So um and people don't if they're not familiar with our area they have these preconceived notions of what you know Kansas city Missouri and Kansas city is like you know they think we're all like this. And I think I know one time when I went to Chicago I was speaking to just a stranger you know and I
think
I was asking for directions or something and she asked me where I was from and I told her and she said Kansas city and I said yes and she goes, well you don't have an accent. And I'm like, what do you mean while she goes, I thought you would have a southern accent. I'm like, no.
I mean if you're asking if people have like preconceived notions or have Yeah.
Yeah. The weather though, I mean as far as like, do they have any expectations of what we have? Well, I think back when I was growing up and I really think I believe in global warming or you know, climate change, I don't know you. But
um like I was saying, we used to have, I remember growing up with like we would have a whole week of snow, We would have snow days, we would have school out for snow because it was like at least 10" of snow outside. And and we would have ice storms. I mean we still occasionally have ice storms but this like like I was saying it's it's um The weather changes within I think 20, hours it just warms up, everything melts and you it's kind of like I don't know if you've heard the old saying by um uh what's his name? Um I was gonna say Samuel Clemens but that's not how he was now right by Samuel Clemens. Um Oh uh the guy who wrote Huckleberry Finn helped me. Um Yeah
Mark twain,
Mark
Twain,
Mark
Twain had of anything,
he
said if you don't like the weather in Missouri stick around five minutes or something like that and because it's supposed to change you know which now it's living up to that expectation, it changes a little bit too dramatically
and I don't I don't really care for it because like or christmas and our thanksgiving was warm. Um It's it's Halloween, there was snow on Halloween that never happened.
it's just strange but it was like 65° on Christmas so it was really nice, it's like being in florida or something. Yeah but yeah
the people don't know how to drive in the snow, that's for sure if they're not from around here right, you know
they're not
used.
That's
yeah I'd rather driving snow any day. Um You know I mean and then snow is nothing I can drive in a foot of snow. I that's no I mean they planned the streets, obviously we're not like you know left to fend for ourselves so we're you know, but
but
I'd
rather drive in the snow than in the ice anytime because I really have very little control, even though you have tires are supposed to be all season tires and they're supposed to have good tread. Um, I will give you a tip though if you ever slide either in the snow or an ice anytime your car starts to slide. Like if you start, if it starts to go to the right, most people think I'm going to try and turn to the left or try and get the car away from the slide, but you're actually supposed to do the opposite. It's kind of counterintuitive, but you're actually supposed to turn into the to the slide. So if you're sliding right, yeah, you're supposed to Yeah, I don't know why that's what I've heard. I think it's because the wheels, I don't know if they actually try to go the opposite direction when you're trying to, you know, turn into the slide. if you're say you're taking a left hand turn and you slide more to the right, you slide into it to get yourself back into um a right angle or something like that, to the, into a correct angle, so you can yeah, turn left, yeah.
it's weird
and I know it's hard to do because in the moment, especially if you see a car and you're really near a car and you're like you're sliding, you're so scared to anybody else. I mean I don't care if I end up in a ditch, I just don't want to hit another car because people are actually when they get, you know, especially if their cars like yours or something like that, you're like, oh gosh! But yeah, that that can be really intimidating um but you can't think in that moment as you're sliding, so part of your force of habit would you know to to turn the opposite direction but if you can actually tell yourself turn into the slide and I don't know about you but I have an suv so like I'll do a little fish tailing sometimes and that's what I did today because I slid twice and it was like important,
there was no cars around me so.
that's
the one thing I tell people who are not experienced with driving in the snow or ice, that's what you should do. Um There have been points where I got I got stuck in the snow. I know last yeah I was in a situation where I have my own suv got stuck in the snow unfortunately there was an older man nearby, he was walking with his wife and he saw that I was stuck and he's like I can help you and I'm like you know, having a stranger help you, that's kind of you know kind of cool. But you know when you're like you have no alternative, you're like okay I'll trust you. And he was like oh I'm from Iowa in Iowa, they have a lot of snow so if I was illegally we do,
so he helped me and he got out of the situation so that was nice. No.
You're gonna
Yeah. It is.
What were you saying? Go on.
And um you
look like
you're in your 20's so you probably haven't seen the drastic change, like your parents probably to tell you any changes you
I know like my son who's my youngest who's like He'll be 19 in February but he's like really scared. I mean that's the one thing that scares him the most is the climate change. And he's like, he tells me he goes, you have anything to worry, mom? He was like, you'll probably be dead by the time we will see a drastic stuff. He was like, I'm sorry because what? I'm like, I know, I know I'm concerned for you too, and I'm like, I see some stuff, I mean you guys have armadillos down there in texas and we don't have armadillos, but I actually have seen an armadillo up here before. I'm like, what that what are you
doing here?
What's
a hitchhiker ride with a truck maybe or something? I don't know how is it, You know? And it's just, it's bizarre because you look at the the changes and I mean, we we've had like I said, we've had some days where it's been warm and um I do remember I think my senior year in high school um And that was an 80, so that was like 89. Actually my senior year in high school, it was Christmas break was like in the 70s. So that was kind of unusual and we've had some temperatures changes where sometimes where the weather was warmer or colder, we've had you know what summers for example, um when I was growing up, but I mean now it just seems a lot more like those changes used to be further apart, but now they're getting closer.
it's just um I did read an article yesterday. It was interesting saying that humans our temperatures, I don't know if you saw it, but it was saying that Body temperature of humans have actually changed since like the 1800s or something like that. That's what was we're getting warmer. I think it was body temperature is warmer. Yeah. And I told that to my friend and he was like you see because our bodies are adapting for climate change. Mhm. Yeah probably.
Yeah I think that's what it was, it was warmer
or something but it was definitely our body temperatures have changed over time. So there's been this adaptation of sorts. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah and it's just that kind of makes
me wonder
um you know what else are we doing that's different than you know what we our ancestors had experience or how are their bodies different, how our bodies different? You know so that's um that was an interesting thing and then you've heard about what's going on in Australia. Of course, yeah.
There was
a scientist who just announced today that um they fear that there's a lot of animals who are probably going to be on the verge of extinction in Australia. There are native to Australia because a lot of their population has actually been diminished due to the fires.
Yeah, but I think there are bushfires and I think it's because of how hot it's been. And from what I understand um some of the natives there have actually said that they will When they opened their door, it's like opening an oven, it's like 110° out there. and so yeah, 110. Can you imagine you're just opening your door and it's like that fire just hits, it's, you know. Yeah.
I'm sorry.
People in Australia. Yeah. Yeah,
I
believe
so. I don't know about certain parts of Australia where there, because I do have um locations in Australia that have um you know, it's the outback, which is very um desert, you know, So it's very, I think it's kind of arid there, I believe. Yeah,
thank you.
No, I'm a major in english, I'm a creative writer and
is working on a short story, I've been kind of tweaking it here and there, but I'm actually working on a short story about
the theme is about mm the um the climate change, about how the weather is warming the scene, basically in the opening scene of the story is how it's january actual story, but it's like hot, you know, it's like in the midwest and it's just hot and it's like the new florida, you know, and people see it, people's attitudes in the short story, in the way I'm working on it is basically people's attitudes find it convenient to not relocate to a warmer climate because they want to get away from the snow. You know, how people are, you know, they try to find things convenient, especially americans, you know, But so
it's kind of like they're supposed to, you know, how I was talking about our body changes or that scientific thing about how our bodies are actually for me. Um I think that there is an adaptation. Maybe that um you were asking or you I think you mentioned how you wished we would do more about climate change. And I think part of um people's attitude has been mostly, well, I wouldn't say it's so much attitude, but maybe it's a survival mechanism, its internal, it's innate that we basically just kind of way it out, you know, um Just kind
of wait it out, we'll see what happens, we'll see what's the next catastrophe. You know, we're always waiting for that next thing. We're not doing anything about it. Um It's kind of like the theory of the Elizabeth, the frog and the boiling water. You heard about that? How the water.
Well
it's uh it's I think it's a scientific thing where they talked about how it's like the litmus tests where they put a frog in cold water and you turn it to hot high and basically the frog is not noticing anything different as the temperature just starts to change and alter and you know, rise and the next thing you know it's starting to get hotter and hotter and the frog still hasn't jumped out. It's just used to the water, it starts to boil and you know the frog dies but doesn't realize how hot it's gotten. So it's just basically adapting to that. So um yeah I can't remember what was the if it was in a science experiment or what, but I know that you can look it up. I think it's like some sort of a thing to prove how sometimes people or things get they're in a situation where they're just kind of like um deny it or they just accept it or they just like live with it and tolerate it and just feel that there's nothing they can do. So they just kind of you know go along with it, you know and lots of things you'll see that people like with bad relationships, I'm sure you know somebody who's in a bad relationship and they're like well you know they're like well he just kind of punched me but he really didn't mean it, you know, waiting for
his hands are under threat, you know? So yeah people do that so that's kind of like a human trait. Maybe we have survival like us, we just kind of, you know, put it
So so what's your major?
okay, well you look that up at the frog thing because I know I know I'm trying to remember the name of it, but it was like, I don't know if it was a science experiment or some sort of a metaphor. What? Well it is a metaphor for, you know, tolerance, but yeah,
when you
an article
But
it was like
something like that, it was uh trying to remember the name of it because even my son will bring it up a lot. Um when he talks about politics and stuff, you know, just kind of like a few people expect change to happen and not do anything, they're just not going to get involved there. Just kind of wait, wait, wait. And it's like situations can get worse and worse and worse not doing anything because you just
the paris agreement, the paris climate agreement, I think it's called he yeah, he basically removed just from that paris treaty, it's a paris um I know it's pure is something I'm trying to remember the name of it. Um
as part of were part of a global um uh climate consensus where we basically agreed to eliminate a lot of greenhouse gases and such. So, you know, it's trying to get us to
and so I think it's called the paris protocol or paris. It appears something anyways, he got us off of it, we've been on it for a while and he just Yeah, so that's good.
That trying.
is, I I think um part of what he was doing and I know that for years we've had national wildlife reserved refuges in areas where they were to be remained as um, untouched by man basically. Um, like the national parks and such. I know that there were some places, um, that they've been wanting to get into for the even Obama wasn't the best on this because I know that, um, there was, what's that, that pipeline from, like, it's
just,
yeah, yeah. And it was actually, um, treading into some native american land up in um south Dakota, north Dakota, which that bothered me too. So, and
I know,
you know,
and that
they basically, um, part of the, their land was sacred because they, a lot of burial, you know, um, sacred places there and um, but yeah, they're just, uh, yeah, it's, um, I mean, I don't want to get to go to the person. I
personally
think that the our country's ran by you know corporations you know so yeah
I didn't hear about that but yeah
yeah that's going on and it's just like that's and that's the other reason why I think we don't focus on climate change or the environment or anything because we have all these news we have news story here. We have a news story here we have and they're from different aspects you know what I mean? And we have the internet you know we have T. V. We have I mean nobody really even hardly listens to the radio but we kind of still have that too. Um But we have all these like oh look someone so died oh look someone who got married. Oh so and so uh oh the dow is down by 20 points today, you know, it's just like, and since 9 11 we started getting the teleprompter scrolling through the tv screen, I'm like the news, any time you put on CNN or MSNBC, you have these teleprompter news things, telling you about what's going on in Idaho or what's going on new york or some mass shooting here there, and you just, it's so much that we're bombarded constantly by the Kardashians, not like I care about the Kardashians, I'm sorry,
you know, it's like this and that and that's it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Oh,
and
take
this
pill, Do you suffer from, you know? And it's like, proper from an over abundance of cried that's being thrown at me and
yeah, I mean, I just, I feel that there are some things that we really need to focus on right now and I respect that people have particular views
in particular lives, in particular
ways that they want to live their life before I'm saying, but I believe that the environment is that the 11th hour and we need to do something, Maybe it's not the 11th hour where the 23rd hour. Yeah,
and
and it's like we really need to do something today. Um you know, if somebody wants to make a national law where everybody can wear their hair, you know, different colors are blue or whatever. That's great. But I think we need to focus on the now with our with our world environment so that we can dye our hair blue, and our grandkids can dye their hair blue if they wanted to you if all I'm saying, I just feel that there are some things I understand how with respect that people have certain lifestyles and certain choices and that's great, but I feel that we can all benefit from focusing on climate change. Right?
I couldn't
agree
with
you more. And I'll tell you what's an eye opening experience. I went to L. A.
About 10
15 years ago, I can't remember what it was, but I took one of those Hollywood tours, you know, just to see where people live and that
was actually an eye opening experience. It was cheesy and everything. But I will tell you something. I found out that all these celebrities and it doesn't matter whether they're younger old, they live in the hills, Hollywood hills. I found out that a lot of those houses were either a being demolished to be rebuilt. They were like adding more floors to a house, it's already big enough.
Certain and and then you find out oh that this is their house here but they've got five other houses. Oh
I can't imagine, you know, when you have people in certain parts of California, they're really poor and they're dying and they're starving. You know, people are across the United States and the parts of the world and I'm like you can keep one house, sell five, take that money and distribute it, you know, that's just my opinion. It's just like,
And
um what's funny is when I was out in California also went to go see where Marilyn Monroe, I'm sure you know who Marilyn Monroe is um
where she lived in a small little Brentwood house and like she was like famous and like everybody loved her and she had a lot of money at that time, but she had a very modest house, you know, and I'm like why can't we
celebrities like that, why can't we have people who have all the money and just have a modest house? You know that to me would be a little bit more honorable and somebody like to if he did that I think he was cool. Yeah. Yeah.
Who
what's up?
Yeah. His brother River phoenix. Yeah, he was really good too. He was he died in October of 93. Yeah, I remember. That
was
it was great.
I think so. We covered it I think.
I went well.
No,
no,
no
I'm not majoring in college right now, I'm not in college, I've graduated a long time ago but Yeah.
Hopefully you can do
something with that. Biology for the environment.
Good.
So you'll graduate sooner
and for masters or
masters or?
You know there is there is light at the end of the tunnel and I think it goes right
so
it was nice talking to you
yeah it's I
can't remember what it was called but yeah
no
I think
it's
the
something was it the litmus test or some sort of a a test basically uh With the frog it's the theory I guess. Yeah you can look it up. The frog in the water theory or something like that. Yeah.
Mhm.
take
here I have a
good day.
All