SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Thanks. Mhm. All right. Oh okay. Right now. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure was that? He says that I got a fucking ash. Just it's cold. Okay. Okay. Hi 99. Your boy. It wasn't a good story. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But no. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. America America. Mhm. Mhm. Hold on. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. What? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Power. But yeah. Mm mm blow.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, Good morning.
SPEAKER_L: How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good, good. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah, supposed to be working but don't have anything to do so.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's I guess this is kind of like work right? Still making money.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Still making money.
SPEAKER_R: I'm jesse by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Steven. Where are you
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: calling?
SPEAKER_R: Like I like
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: what do
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: you got behind you there? Looks pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_L: lego. Yeah, it's a shitload. Look. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Are they like all themed
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: or? It looks like
SPEAKER_L: mostly
SPEAKER_R: they're sub starting every second. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It's specifically for for D. And D. That's what I use it for. It
SPEAKER_R: I've never I've never actually played played that but it sounds pretty fascinating.
SPEAKER_L: is fun. And with the new edition with fifth edition it's very easy to get into. So if you just have a group of friends, you buy the books, you know, it's very simple. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It sounds like it's pretty immersive to like it's simple but you can you can really go go very deep into it
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've been playing for probably six years, so yeah, I'm a huge fan of Yeah, for sure,
SPEAKER_R: and I still have to look into that.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Where are you? Where are you at right now in the in
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: the world
SPEAKER_L: Lexington Kentucky. Where you at?
SPEAKER_R: Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: How nice. I've never been one of my, one of my there.
SPEAKER_R: You said someone lived here
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: or live here?
SPEAKER_L: of my buddies from back, I'm from Maine. Originally I moved to Lexington 3.5 years ago, uh One of my buddies from Maine moved to Chicago. He works for Verizon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Nice. So has he been does he like it here?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's he's from Chicago. Originally, he moved to Maine for some very bad reason because main sucks. Uh And yeah, he moved back to Chicago. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know uh I guess I I've never been to Maine but when I think of me and I only think of good things. I guess it's I think I picture like it being very pretty in the fall and lobster I guess. I don't
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: know much about it.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty much, that was the most important thing is that it is nice in the fall and uh doing the lobster, like going to bar harbor and eating lobster and stuff like that. It's pretty common place, but it's just like super cold and there's really nothing there like you live in Chicago, What's the population of Chicago?
SPEAKER_R: Uh The metro area I don't even know about, let's say 10 million.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so that's that's five times the size of the entire state of maine population,
SPEAKER_R: Got it there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I like I like where I live now, the weather in Kentucky is nice, it's very temperate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how did you, how did you end up in Lexington?
SPEAKER_L: My brother was a doctor here at UK, he moved here 3.5 years ago, so I moved here to be close to him. He has since moved to florida, but I stayed here because I like it have a good job,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. So you kind
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: of found
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: the job after you were in Lexington. It wasn't for the job that you moved there?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah I had a job when I moved here, I used to work for Starbucks, so I was able to just come here and get a job at Starbucks as well. Um But uh yeah now I have a better job working for University of Kentucky. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: What do you what do you do there?
SPEAKER_L: I do payroll. Um I do payroll for medical staff, it's pretty easy. Yeah, and a woman.
SPEAKER_R: Is your, I was gonna say so you're all 100% remote. Have you help you felt about that now? There's been six months
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: love it. So my job is mostly like I have some work I know about ahead of time. My workload is cyclical because its payroll, we work by pay period. Um So I know what work I have to do on any given day, as far as work I can do as soon as I start working. And then mostly other than that I just respond to emails and have to be available if people have questions or need help. Uh So I worked like 15 hours a week honestly, and then
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I just like watch netflix or play video games and just stay available,
SPEAKER_R: So like is that
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: what is
SPEAKER_L: long
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: kind of what it was like back pre covid, but you're just kind of like wasting time at the office more like yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was pretty much the same workload and then I just had to sit there and twiddle my thumbs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you able to get away from your computer during the day? It all or is it like you're still tethered but not working?
SPEAKER_L: Um No, I can get up and walk around when I want to or like there was a Starbucks on campus so I could walk over there, which was convenience. You know, I could get up and move around as long as one of us was in the office because I work on a team of three. So as long as somebody was there to help walk ins. Yeah, we were good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's nice. That sounds
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: a really good setup actually. I like, I hated the work. I actually quit my job during Covid because I like, it was just, I didn't like working from home was horrible because I had like a 40 hour or more commitment. And then it became like 60 hours like working from home because all these workaholics uh,
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: can't get enough of it. And then, uh, they forget that they are ever leaving work since they're just at work all the time. And it just really the got really, really crazy. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't blame you.
SPEAKER_R: I envisioned it being like your
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: situation, which is awesome. That's a sweet situation unfortunately. Uh, It wasn't, I don't know. What are the are the students like for, I guess for your school like is there going to be enrollment issues next year? I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: mean the university is doing all right,
SPEAKER_L: so they had campus enrollment and I think they have transitioned mostly online. I work exclusively on. So it's a university hospital. So we have like the education portion, the U. K. And then there's like three actual big like normal hospitals. So I work only with the medical staff. I don't have any involvement on the education side, so I don't really know what the figures are with that if enrollments been impacted, I know that they were doing in class at the start of the semester, I don't know if that's still the case or if they've transitioned fully online. I have no idea.
SPEAKER_R: sure. It's gonna be tough to be a student right now. I was thinking like uh that's
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: not a good way to learn. Hopefully the universities will be able to weather the storm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's a lot of, I've seen people still partying uh in september and october like the frat house type people. Uh So that was pretty frustrating to try to go by. Our cases here were really, really low for a while, but we started seeing a huge surge just like everybody has, you know, as of like a week ago, our our cases that UK have tripled pretty much, you know, settling.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, No, that's uh that's rough. Are you, do you live like on campus kind of right now?
SPEAKER_L: no, I read the townhouse on the other side of town, I'm not I'm not I'm not near that at all. My area is not congested and since I don't go anywhere, you know, I'm not really at risk. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Sure. Yeah. It's like, I think the midwest had like a real awakening moment the last month or so because I think for a while, everyone
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: here thought they were insulated from the problems. So I think they were actually behaving worse. Um then otherwise, but now it's everywhere. So yeah, hopefully it's a hopefully things go back to normal low. But what I'm concerned about here, like we live in Chicago, not like downtown where all the skyscrapers are, we're in the north neighborhoods, but all these little like restaurants which make it awesome to live here are like really struggling like every week another one is closed and like when winter hits like, I don't know, I don't know how many of them are going to survive honestly. So hopefully people just like just follow the rules for like a couple of months and this could go away really quickly
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: know if we had done that, you know, if we've done that in the spring, if we locked down from april to mid May, you know, four weeks, six weeks, something like that would be good, keep the voters locked and then we would have been fine, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What's Lexington X. I know like every like every block has like a different covid plan. Like what's Lexington doing like right now?
SPEAKER_L: um businesses are open with maximum headcounts um and then uh we have a statewide mandatory mask mandate, so you have your mask when you're, when you're in, I don't think you have to wear a mask when you're outside, but only when you're in any building you to wear a mask.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's decent. I think I guess I guess um mandates are only as good as the people's willingness to follow the mandates. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was, I mean we were doing great for a while, we have really, really, really low numbers and then it's just like, it's, I mean it's going bad everywhere, you know, it's surged are like my metric is basically we get daily emails from UK leadership and it tells us how many cases we have, you know, how many people have?
SPEAKER_R: He's available on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: been ejected prolific assistant. That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: You have it too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so you, are you still working from home then? Did you get a new job or you?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I like, I kind of, I don't know how to describe it like it's not like retirement but like I don't I was I was in finance so like I just I hated like doing it basically from the get go so I'm 32. So like I knew like as soon as I started that like I'm only doing it for the money so I like kind of saved for like 10 years. Uh just looked like I don't know I never like I had anything so I just kind of got fed up and I think covid like accelerated what was it was coming? So
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I'm just like thinking and just trying to see what I want to do next. Like I have a lot of energy and I just know I don't want to do finance anymore. Um.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's actually what I went to school for.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so I was I was actually gonna ask you said payroll so I figured counting finance or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have a bachelor's in finance and Bachelors in accounting, I double major um
SPEAKER_R: Same here. That's that's what I did. So I was
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: at University
SPEAKER_L: funny,
SPEAKER_R: of Iowa and then at that ni did the C. P. A. And worked at PwC for a while. Um So I was kind of my that's exactly what I did. How is that? So what is like working in payroll then? Because like I used to when I was like auditing and stuff I used to work you know with all the different functions but how
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: telling
SPEAKER_R: the actual
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: like sounds like a pretty good gig.
SPEAKER_L: so my job is very easy, it doesn't actually require my degree at all. Um They basically just like people who have training doing payroll coming into it and my side is even more easy, so there are three payroll departments across campus across the whole UK enterprise, so there's my department which is called nursing payroll because we handle all the nurses and texts and things like that and then there's the education payroll which handles like professors and then they also handled and er doctors and stuff like that. And then the third department is campus payroll which basically just up the tax portion. So I have no involvement with taxes when I was going when I was doing my undergrad and I started doing accounting 301 and 302 When you get into the tax portion, I wanted to, I wanted to pull my brains out, I hated it so much I finished but like no chance I would ever do public account because the taxes. So uh my job is basically just gross pay. You know I process new hires, job transfers, merit increases annually, things like that it's pretty easy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a I was wondering yeah I don't know. How do you, is that like the first thing you did like that you're kind of your first job and only job so far? Have you tinkered with some besides Starbucks? Is this like your first kind of finance accounting type thing?
SPEAKER_L: He not really I used to run a casino bank. Um so that was accounting but it was also it was very much cash based accounting. It wasn't a cruel based so it was again very simple you know it was all just zero something so that was really easy and then I served for a while I dealt poker for about a year and then I worked at Starbucks and then I started this job 2.5 years ago.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. It's like it's like you said this other casino you like I guess what I was in a real casino or virtual casino
SPEAKER_L: You know so in maine we have there are two now but I worked at the one that opened up first so I was I was running the bank there for a while. Really really easy as well. I mean you did finance and accounting so you have some math savvy. So this is the kind of thing that you could have learned in a day and a half and done better than any of your peers because it was very very simple if you had any grasp of numbers and balancing and reconciling. Um So yeah that was, I did that for 3.5 years. It was really easy but the hours sucked.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess what when you're working like obviously it doesn't here in finance you know a casino you don't want to be attending the casino, you want to be working for like do you see anything like like how much are they just making bank at casinos or is it actually is it just like pure margin or?
SPEAKER_L: Um So they with like so originally it was just slot machines, slot machines have what's called a payback rate which is expressed as a percent. So our slot machines were key to about a 91% payback rate which means if you bet $100 on average you're gonna win $91 back. And so that's just, that's the margin over time. So our cash flow, we I transferred cash about 10 million pay per week to the bank. So I don't know how much of that was considered revenue before expenses or anything. I would say it's probably pretty close to that figure. There seems like checks and money orders and stuff that weren't included in the cash portion, but yeah it was quite a bit,
SPEAKER_R: You know it's interesting. I went to I only went to I went to Vegas once in my life for a work conference um Otherwise I have no interest in going and it was like the most depressing I thought I was going to be like so fun but like the strip is awesome and it's just the architecture is just it's ridiculous place but like going in the actual casino is like the most depressing
SPEAKER_L: That's something like that
SPEAKER_R: thing I've ever seen in my life. Like in the slot machines or maybe like the best, the best example of that. The people just sit in front of those things like
SPEAKER_L: do you think?
SPEAKER_R: like they're glued to them and the you can see how they make the machines like they're blinking at them and making all this noise and I'm just like these that would be like some old lady just it would be like six a.m. When I'm going out for a run. I'm like oh man they were there like
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: all night.
SPEAKER_L: that's a casino in a nutshell right there. We we had we had a lot of people very clearly spending money that they don't have. I know, I know customers who you know pretty much gambled away their retirement funds because they were just chasing the dragon. Yeah, it was it was bad. It was a little bit soul crushing working there. You know, For the most part it was, it was terrorists. And it was wealthy people who were born and retired. But there were a significant number of people gambling money they didn't have. So that was obviously, it sucks to see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And how is dealing? Like that's I mean that's a pretty interesting skill set. Is that something you just pick up or?
SPEAKER_L: we had last world. So I worked there from, let's see. I think it was 2008 to 2000 and 14. Give or take, maybe 2007, 2013. So about two years before I left the casino is when they got approved for table games in the state of Maine. So we had to go through like a six week class for like five hours, five or six hours a day. I don't really remember now. But it was pretty extensive because you have to learn. Um, so a lot of it is being able to do the math on the fly because you always have to know to the penny what's in the pot. Um For traditional, mostly what we deal is is no limit poker. So it isn't as important for that because you don't have to because you're not pot limited, but and then like learning the manual dexterity, like I can still shuffle cards correctly, but I can't pitch cards anymore because I'm just out of practice. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that sounds pretty cool. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: money is really good and if you're, if you're, if you can do the math and you can get hands out quickly and you're personable, you can make very good money and it's not it's not it's not grueling at all. It's a pretty rewarding work.
SPEAKER_R: I mean are they are the hours like two a.m. To like I mean are they normal
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: hours? I can't imagine they are.
SPEAKER_L: depends really where you are. So I had worked at the casino for a while, so I had seniority in the department when they opened it. So I worked 8 to 4 30 monday through friday. And I still
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: pretty consistently so main economy is pretty depressed but I still consistently made like 25 or 30 bucks an hour because it'll tip base.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It does. It sounds like kind of like it be kind of like it would be fun like just interacting with all these new cycle of people. Probably a lot of interesting characters I would imagine as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's cool because like I'm a terrible poker player because I don't have any patients at all, but you learn a lot watching the game and watching people play. I made a lot of good friends, people I still talk to that were poker players and since one of the best part about poker too is that people aren't playing against the house, they're playing against each other. So like I have to rig every hand so the house makes a little money every hand that we cycle through. But for the most part it was it was people uh like playing against each other so there was no enmity. nice. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're not the one like taking their whole stack and pulling it into that coffer that someone else gets to do that and you're just facilitating?
SPEAKER_L: yep, it was fun, it's a cool job, I would definitely recommend it to somebody, you know, it's like serving its tip based and it's all, we didn't pull our tips so you get paid for how well you work, It was nice.
SPEAKER_R: That is nice. That is nice. And then I guess I have to ask about in between Starbucks because I always see like you know it looks like I don't know if the barista or what there is there because that's a skill in and of itself. Um As well
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and it was a similar idea, so you have to, if they learn a lot of shorthand which is generally pretty logical, so like when you're marking cups and stuff like that, or reading cups, you don't write out full words because that would be really inefficient, and it's a lot of uh memorizing recipes which the recipes originally were really formulaic, like they all got, you know, mocha latte or a vanilla latte or a caramel latte all got the same amount of mocha, vanilla and caramel used the same kind of milk, same members shots of espresso. So once you understood the basics, it was very easy, they transitioned away from that a lot in the last few years, making a lot of really stupid drinks that use different ratios, so that was pretty frustrating, I'm glad to deal with that anymore. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like the Starbucks customer is getting more and more like picky as hell I guess. For lack of a better term.
SPEAKER_L: yep. There are some very stupid orders. You get, you get, you get orders where like, you wonder how somebody even figured out that that's how they wanted to drink. Like a woman would order a latte with three splenda and one equal. How did you, how did you figure out that that's the proper ratio for your latte? It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The experiment with all the different 10 different drinks lined up and samples each one.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's exactly what, that's exactly what it feels like. It's like how the hell did you get here?
SPEAKER_R: My theory is that people like they just like to be picky. Like it makes them feel like like part of the value of paying $5 for a drink is to specifically tell them what you want and like that's gonna give some people a little value I think. Um. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: then the whole caring thing with people that are convinced that you're wrong when you worked there and like I got that all the time, it's like I'm smarter than you and I work at Starbucks for 60 years. I know more than you about what you're talking about, but no, they don't wanna listen. Yeah. I don't miss customer service.
SPEAKER_R: No I. Uh It is rough. Like the only experience we have there is a I have a couple some real estate and we have an Airbnb is one of them. And like man like like the customer centric model where like they can review you for everything is like reviews based and that sounds good until like you're getting reviewed. Then you realize like customers have too much power. Like they value, they like, like they evaluate you so like critically that enamels are like, hey, here's my five star rating. Try to get it. And it's like you didn't, you're paying me like a really low rate. Like you can't expect perfection for that. And I think like everyone, you know has there there there are stars that they can dole out and the businesses need to like meet the standards so they just have so much power now and like and there's just been some ridiculous requests and it's almost like, you know, we're not the Ritz Carlton, like you're paying X and you're evaluating us like you're paying three times that amount per night. So I don't know. I can, I could very well see us like not continuing that if, if this whole ratings thing continues to be more and more prevalent. It is tough though because you have to really meet the needs of regardless of how ridiculous they are of the customer.
SPEAKER_L: Have you considered renting the property just like full time, like an apartment?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so we um it doesn't have a kitchen, so like it's a, it's a kind of a extra little portion. Um so we could install that and do that, but right now the Airbnb, it has been worth it because you know, we clean it. Um So it works out well, but that was just my first, I I really like it as an investment still. It's awesome. Uh and I wouldn't be worth the rent you would get from a full time tenant would not replace the Airbnb rent and like tenants have their own issues. Um But uh I think, I think eventually we probably would just not report, like if once Airbnb is done, you probably just not use it in any way. Airbnb is awesome for taking just a piece of extra space in making money off it. Like it doesn't have to be changed like someone wants that space regardless of what it is and like maybe it's hanging a couple of pictures and putting an air mattress and something and that's what I love about. It's like there's always extra space somewhere and like be, you can monetize it and it is a really cool tool for that, but it does put you unintentionally in customer service too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did. So when I lived in May and I owned a three unit apartment building, so I lived in one unit and rent it out the other two, I'll never do that again. Like the money, you know passive income, you really don't have to put much work into it, but when you do it's so frustrating and one of my tenants was like the she was on section eight so her rent was basically guaranteed, but she was just a train wreck, she was nasty, she had, her apartment was absolutely ruined. Um Like thankfully she lived there the entire time I owned that building. Um So I never had to actually fix her apartment beyond like patch up work, but yeah, I won't do that again,
SPEAKER_R: Do you think it was the same because
SPEAKER_L: what do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: never do a section eight tenants, like on paper, I've had friends that have tried it and on paper the math works great and it's no risk revenue. But every tenant has been a nightmare that I've heard of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so like I mean it's again it's the catch 22 so you're gonna make a little bit less with section eight but it's guaranteed. Um and then the tenants are 100% of the time, 99% of time, senator shitty. So if I were going to do it again, I probably wouldn't do Section Eight now, I would end up doing um you know, I would end up trying to just basically renovate a house or an apartment or whatever it is and get high quality tenants that are going to pay a lot, that's the way I would do it, you know, and I might, I might investigate it again in the future, I'm thinking about moving to Indianapolis since I could do my job remotely move to a bigger city and buy a house there and then once I said only I might I might investigate it again, but again, renting to hire renting quality apartments to higher quality tenants, which is not what I didn't mean. And it was, it shows
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'll just um so that's like right now living exactly that three unit property with two other units rented out in a in a neighborhood though in Chicago. So definitely wasn't. We wanted to pick a place that we wanted to live and then there were units attached to it are tenants have been all professionals like zero issues. So like your that is 100% the way to go because there's also like places you get much cheaper but then it's a whole lot more headaches and you know it's just not worth it. Uh Yeah. That's interesting. Another another thing to just remember because sometimes you're looking at you know the numbers and it's like when the numbers work really well
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: one place versus another, there's always like some give and take there and usually it's who you're having to deal with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, that's a that's 100% of, yeah, you're doing exactly the same thing I did up until three years ago when I moved to Kentucky or 3.5 years ago when I sold the house, uh your tenants are good and there are quality and professional, so it's awesome. And I rented out to section eight lady and then like dipshit college kids.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah and that's two things that you would probably never do again. Like. So yeah the the other the other the good tenant experience is totally totally different. So India's great. So what what about Indie? Because India is a cool, so I've only been there a couple of times. It is a cool city.
SPEAKER_L: Um So the weather so Kentucky is significantly warmer than Main. Uh Well not significantly warmer, the winners are warmer. Summers are pretty comparable. I'm starting to find that I miss snow because Kentucky will get a few inches over the course of a year but it like snows overnight and then it's gone by the afternoon following day, so I'm starting to miss that a little bit. Um I want to move to a bigger city again. So like Lexington is about 350,000 Bangor. Maine where I grew up is 30,000 and Indianapolis is like 950,000. So I want to try another big city because I like Lexington a lot. I could never move back to maine after having lived here for this long. So Indianapolis is a city that I like, I go to gen con at least every other year, which is a convent of gaming convention in Minneapolis is really nice. Um I didn't go this year for obvious reasons. Uh Yeah and cost of living there is actually cheaper than Lexington too, which I thought was weird,
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's really interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yep, and it's like close to downtown houses too, like they're like a third less than they would be in Lexington, it's really weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's uh that's that's interesting. I didn't know. So you're looking more like in like really close to the downtown versus like a suburb I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would want to be in right now. I live in downtown Lexington. Um and I pay, I got really lucky, I rent a townhouse for 7 25 which is nothing for the space
SPEAKER_R: That sounds
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's incredible. Um and I like having the, I like having access to amenities easily, you know, some of it's walking distance, most of it's a short drive, but it's really convenient, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: One of the things um Well what we love about Chicago so much is uh it is it's like those urban areas like a fully developed city has so much value that people just don't take advantage of like like we don't have we don't fiance and we don't have cars. Um We don't need cars, we live take a 20 minute train ride to the airport for two bucks. Like it's just the infrastructure there is so valuable that it's like it's there's so much value in a fully developed city when you're close to it. I think someone you know and finance could could see that um And then also just like all that there's just so much we could do with walking distance like there's concerts that we can walk to and awesome shows and it's just
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: we love
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: Chicago to, I don't know if that's something you've ever considered but it is a world class city as well. Probably similar to indian a lot of ways with its own problems but we we we we love it here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, so that's, that's really it too. I mean, there are obviously negatives when you move into a bigger city, but the positive almost always outweigh as long as you're not in a crime area, you know, crime heavy area, yep, that's, yeah, so that's the goal probably by the end of my lease is up in july, so probably by then I will have moved in about a house, we'll see what happens.
SPEAKER_R: awesome man. Well I hope yeah who knows maybe between now and then who knows what the housing market's gonna do. Um But
SPEAKER_L: it's good.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah that's it is it is a good time to buy. Don't hopefully it's not too competitive stuff stuff around
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: seems
SPEAKER_L: doing?
SPEAKER_R: to be flying off the shelves like people are lining up to try to outbid each other so hopefully that's not what it's like in Indianapolis next.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been tracking listings to because I find places that match the criteria I want and most of them haven't gone, gone pending or haven't had offers made and it's been over a week so that's a good sign for me. Uh The value has gone up about 10% over the last year. But again that's fine because it's still cheaper than Lexington for some reason.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I know and like interest rates are like a joke right now
SPEAKER_L: 3%
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: from you.
SPEAKER_R: hard to even imagine it's it's possible. So definitely a good good time to buy. Right man. Well it was it was awesome talking
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: with you.
SPEAKER_L: could talk
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to you.
SPEAKER_R: had a good chat. I don't always enjoy these in the morning so I I enjoyed this one
SPEAKER_L: I have done four of these and this is easily the best one though that the other three I did where they were weird people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm always like oh maybe it's me like you know trying to be nice but I knew like as soon as like one minute in our conversation like this will be this is a good
SPEAKER_L: it's easy. Yeah. Go.
SPEAKER_R: all right man take
SPEAKER_L: Have a good luck.