Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Thanks. Mhm. All right. Oh okay. Right now. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure was that? He says that I got a fucking ash. Just it's cold. Okay. Okay. Hi 99. Your boy. It wasn't a good story. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But no. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. America America. Mhm. Mhm. Hold on. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. What? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Power. But yeah. Mm mm blow.
How are you doing?
Good. Yeah, supposed to be working but don't have anything to do so.
yep. Still making money.
Steven. Where are you
calling?
Very
good.
lego. Yeah, it's a shitload. Look. Yeah,
it's
mostly
All right. It's specifically for for D. And D. That's what I use it for. It
is fun. And with the new edition with fifth edition it's very easy to get into. So if you just have a group of friends, you buy the books, you know, it's very simple. Okay.
yeah, I've been playing for probably six years, so yeah, I'm a huge fan of Yeah, for sure,
I'm
in
Lexington Kentucky. Where you at?
How nice. I've never been one of my, one of my there.
One
of my buddies from back, I'm from Maine. Originally I moved to Lexington 3.5 years ago, uh One of my buddies from Maine moved to Chicago. He works for Verizon.
Yeah, he's he's from Chicago. Originally, he moved to Maine for some very bad reason because main sucks. Uh And yeah, he moved back to Chicago. Oh
that's
that's pretty much, that was the most important thing is that it is nice in the fall and uh doing the lobster, like going to bar harbor and eating lobster and stuff like that. It's pretty common place, but it's just like super cold and there's really nothing there like you live in Chicago, What's the population of Chicago?
Yeah, so that's that's five times the size of the entire state of maine population,
yeah I like I like where I live now, the weather in Kentucky is nice, it's very temperate.
My brother was a doctor here at UK, he moved here 3.5 years ago, so I moved here to be close to him. He has since moved to florida, but I stayed here because I like it have a good job,
I'm
good.
Right. Yeah I had a job when I moved here, I used to work for Starbucks, so I was able to just come here and get a job at Starbucks as well. Um But uh yeah now I have a better job working for University of Kentucky. Hi,
I do payroll. Um I do payroll for medical staff, it's pretty easy. Yeah, and a woman.
I
love it. So my job is mostly like I have some work I know about ahead of time. My workload is cyclical because its payroll, we work by pay period. Um So I know what work I have to do on any given day, as far as work I can do as soon as I start working. And then mostly other than that I just respond to emails and have to be available if people have questions or need help. Uh So I worked like 15 hours a week honestly, and then
I just like watch netflix or play video games and just stay available,
it's
long
time.
it was pretty much the same workload and then I just had to sit there and twiddle my thumbs. Yeah.
Um No, I can get up and walk around when I want to or like there was a Starbucks on campus so I could walk over there, which was convenience. You know, I could get up and move around as long as one of us was in the office because I work on a team of three. So as long as somebody was there to help walk ins. Yeah, we were good. Yeah.
I don't
know,
wow.
Yeah. I don't blame you.
What?
I'm
so they had campus enrollment and I think they have transitioned mostly online. I work exclusively on. So it's a university hospital. So we have like the education portion, the U. K. And then there's like three actual big like normal hospitals. So I work only with the medical staff. I don't have any involvement on the education side, so I don't really know what the figures are with that if enrollments been impacted, I know that they were doing in class at the start of the semester, I don't know if that's still the case or if they've transitioned fully online. I have no idea.
There's
Yeah, there's a lot of, I've seen people still partying uh in september and october like the frat house type people. Uh So that was pretty frustrating to try to go by. Our cases here were really, really low for a while, but we started seeing a huge surge just like everybody has, you know, as of like a week ago, our our cases that UK have tripled pretty much, you know, settling.
no, I read the townhouse on the other side of town, I'm not I'm not I'm not near that at all. My area is not congested and since I don't go anywhere, you know, I'm not really at risk. Yes.
Hello?
you
know if we had done that, you know, if we've done that in the spring, if we locked down from april to mid May, you know, four weeks, six weeks, something like that would be good, keep the voters locked and then we would have been fine, but
um businesses are open with maximum headcounts um and then uh we have a statewide mandatory mask mandate, so you have your mask when you're, when you're in, I don't think you have to wear a mask when you're outside, but only when you're in any building you to wear a mask.
Yeah, it was, I mean we were doing great for a while, we have really, really, really low numbers and then it's just like, it's, I mean it's going bad everywhere, you know, it's surged are like my metric is basically we get daily emails from UK leadership and it tells us how many cases we have, you know, how many people have?
been ejected prolific assistant. That's funny.
yeah,
so you, are you still working from home then? Did you get a new job or you?
Well,
yeah, that's actually what I went to school for.
Yeah, I have a bachelor's in finance and Bachelors in accounting, I double major um
that's
funny,
You're
telling
me,
so my job is very easy, it doesn't actually require my degree at all. Um They basically just like people who have training doing payroll coming into it and my side is even more easy, so there are three payroll departments across campus across the whole UK enterprise, so there's my department which is called nursing payroll because we handle all the nurses and texts and things like that and then there's the education payroll which handles like professors and then they also handled and er doctors and stuff like that. And then the third department is campus payroll which basically just up the tax portion. So I have no involvement with taxes when I was going when I was doing my undergrad and I started doing accounting 301 and 302 When you get into the tax portion, I wanted to, I wanted to pull my brains out, I hated it so much I finished but like no chance I would ever do public account because the taxes. So uh my job is basically just gross pay. You know I process new hires, job transfers, merit increases annually, things like that it's pretty easy. Yeah.
He not really I used to run a casino bank. Um so that was accounting but it was also it was very much cash based accounting. It wasn't a cruel based so it was again very simple you know it was all just zero something so that was really easy and then I served for a while I dealt poker for about a year and then I worked at Starbucks and then I started this job 2.5 years ago.
You know so in maine we have there are two now but I worked at the one that opened up first so I was I was running the bank there for a while. Really really easy as well. I mean you did finance and accounting so you have some math savvy. So this is the kind of thing that you could have learned in a day and a half and done better than any of your peers because it was very very simple if you had any grasp of numbers and balancing and reconciling. Um So yeah that was, I did that for 3.5 years. It was really easy but the hours sucked.
Um So they with like so originally it was just slot machines, slot machines have what's called a payback rate which is expressed as a percent. So our slot machines were key to about a 91% payback rate which means if you bet $100 on average you're gonna win $91 back. And so that's just, that's the margin over time. So our cash flow, we I transferred cash about 10 million pay per week to the bank. So I don't know how much of that was considered revenue before expenses or anything. I would say it's probably pretty close to that figure. There seems like checks and money orders and stuff that weren't included in the cash portion, but yeah it was quite a bit,
That's something like that
do you think?
Right. That's, yeah,
that's a casino in a nutshell right there. We we had we had a lot of people very clearly spending money that they don't have. I know, I know customers who you know pretty much gambled away their retirement funds because they were just chasing the dragon. Yeah, it was it was bad. It was a little bit soul crushing working there. You know, For the most part it was, it was terrorists. And it was wealthy people who were born and retired. But there were a significant number of people gambling money they didn't have. So that was obviously, it sucks to see.
we had last world. So I worked there from, let's see. I think it was 2008 to 2000 and 14. Give or take, maybe 2007, 2013. So about two years before I left the casino is when they got approved for table games in the state of Maine. So we had to go through like a six week class for like five hours, five or six hours a day. I don't really remember now. But it was pretty extensive because you have to learn. Um, so a lot of it is being able to do the math on the fly because you always have to know to the penny what's in the pot. Um For traditional, mostly what we deal is is no limit poker. So it isn't as important for that because you don't have to because you're not pot limited, but and then like learning the manual dexterity, like I can still shuffle cards correctly, but I can't pitch cards anymore because I'm just out of practice. Yeah,
money is really good and if you're, if you're, if you can do the math and you can get hands out quickly and you're personable, you can make very good money and it's not it's not it's not grueling at all. It's a pretty rewarding work.
it
depends really where you are. So I had worked at the casino for a while, so I had seniority in the department when they opened it. So I worked 8 to 4 30 monday through friday. And I still
pretty consistently so main economy is pretty depressed but I still consistently made like 25 or 30 bucks an hour because it'll tip base.
Yeah and it's cool because like I'm a terrible poker player because I don't have any patients at all, but you learn a lot watching the game and watching people play. I made a lot of good friends, people I still talk to that were poker players and since one of the best part about poker too is that people aren't playing against the house, they're playing against each other. So like I have to rig every hand so the house makes a little money every hand that we cycle through. But for the most part it was it was people uh like playing against each other so there was no enmity. nice. Uh
yep, it was fun, it's a cool job, I would definitely recommend it to somebody, you know, it's like serving its tip based and it's all, we didn't pull our tips so you get paid for how well you work, It was nice.
yeah, and it was a similar idea, so you have to, if they learn a lot of shorthand which is generally pretty logical, so like when you're marking cups and stuff like that, or reading cups, you don't write out full words because that would be really inefficient, and it's a lot of uh memorizing recipes which the recipes originally were really formulaic, like they all got, you know, mocha latte or a vanilla latte or a caramel latte all got the same amount of mocha, vanilla and caramel used the same kind of milk, same members shots of espresso. So once you understood the basics, it was very easy, they transitioned away from that a lot in the last few years, making a lot of really stupid drinks that use different ratios, so that was pretty frustrating, I'm glad to deal with that anymore. Mhm,
yep. There are some very stupid orders. You get, you get, you get orders where like, you wonder how somebody even figured out that that's how they wanted to drink. Like a woman would order a latte with three splenda and one equal. How did you, how did you figure out that that's the proper ratio for your latte? It's
yeah, that's exactly what, that's exactly what it feels like. It's like how the hell did you get here?
then the whole caring thing with people that are convinced that you're wrong when you worked there and like I got that all the time, it's like I'm smarter than you and I work at Starbucks for 60 years. I know more than you about what you're talking about, but no, they don't wanna listen. Yeah. I don't miss customer service.
Have you considered renting the property just like full time, like an apartment?
Yeah, I did. So when I lived in May and I owned a three unit apartment building, so I lived in one unit and rent it out the other two, I'll never do that again. Like the money, you know passive income, you really don't have to put much work into it, but when you do it's so frustrating and one of my tenants was like the she was on section eight so her rent was basically guaranteed, but she was just a train wreck, she was nasty, she had, her apartment was absolutely ruined. Um Like thankfully she lived there the entire time I owned that building. Um So I never had to actually fix her apartment beyond like patch up work, but yeah, I won't do that again,
what do
you
think?
Yeah, so like I mean it's again it's the catch 22 so you're gonna make a little bit less with section eight but it's guaranteed. Um and then the tenants are 100% of the time, 99% of time, senator shitty. So if I were going to do it again, I probably wouldn't do Section Eight now, I would end up doing um you know, I would end up trying to just basically renovate a house or an apartment or whatever it is and get high quality tenants that are going to pay a lot, that's the way I would do it, you know, and I might, I might investigate it again in the future, I'm thinking about moving to Indianapolis since I could do my job remotely move to a bigger city and buy a house there and then once I said only I might I might investigate it again, but again, renting to hire renting quality apartments to higher quality tenants, which is not what I didn't mean. And it was, it shows
Beautiful.
Yeah, exactly, that's a that's 100% of, yeah, you're doing exactly the same thing I did up until three years ago when I moved to Kentucky or 3.5 years ago when I sold the house, uh your tenants are good and there are quality and professional, so it's awesome. And I rented out to section eight lady and then like dipshit college kids.
Um So the weather so Kentucky is significantly warmer than Main. Uh Well not significantly warmer, the winners are warmer. Summers are pretty comparable. I'm starting to find that I miss snow because Kentucky will get a few inches over the course of a year but it like snows overnight and then it's gone by the afternoon following day, so I'm starting to miss that a little bit. Um I want to move to a bigger city again. So like Lexington is about 350,000 Bangor. Maine where I grew up is 30,000 and Indianapolis is like 950,000. So I want to try another big city because I like Lexington a lot. I could never move back to maine after having lived here for this long. So Indianapolis is a city that I like, I go to gen con at least every other year, which is a convent of gaming convention in Minneapolis is really nice. Um I didn't go this year for obvious reasons. Uh Yeah and cost of living there is actually cheaper than Lexington too, which I thought was weird,
yep, and it's like close to downtown houses too, like they're like a third less than they would be in Lexington, it's really weird.
Yeah, I would want to be in right now. I live in downtown Lexington. Um and I pay, I got really lucky, I rent a townhouse for 7 25 which is nothing for the space
that
yeah, it's incredible. Um and I like having the, I like having access to amenities easily, you know, some of it's walking distance, most of it's a short drive, but it's really convenient, yeah.
you
can
do
that,
Yeah, yeah, so that's, that's really it too. I mean, there are obviously negatives when you move into a bigger city, but the positive almost always outweigh as long as you're not in a crime area, you know, crime heavy area, yep, that's, yeah, so that's the goal probably by the end of my lease is up in july, so probably by then I will have moved in about a house, we'll see what happens.
it's good.
How
are you
doing?
Yeah, I've been tracking listings to because I find places that match the criteria I want and most of them haven't gone, gone pending or haven't had offers made and it's been over a week so that's a good sign for me. Uh The value has gone up about 10% over the last year. But again that's fine because it's still cheaper than Lexington for some reason.
3%
from you.
I
could talk
to you.
I have done four of these and this is easily the best one though that the other three I did where they were weird people. Yeah.
it's easy. Yeah. Go.
Have a good luck.