Hey, Good morning.
Good, good. How about yourself?
Well that's I guess this is kind of like work right? Still making money.
I'm jesse by the way.
Hey.
Like I like
what do
you got behind you there? Looks pretty interesting.
Are they like all themed
or? It looks like
they're sub starting every second. Nice.
I've never I've never actually played played that but it sounds pretty fascinating.
Yeah. It sounds like it's pretty immersive to like it's simple but you can you can really go go very deep into it
and I still have to look into that.
Where are you? Where are you at right now in the in
the world
Chicago?
You said someone lived here
or live here?
Okay. Nice. So has he been does he like it here?
I didn't know uh I guess I I've never been to Maine but when I think of me and I only think of good things. I guess it's I think I picture like it being very pretty in the fall and lobster I guess. I don't
know much about it.
Uh The metro area I don't even know about, let's say 10 million.
Got it there.
Yeah. So how did you, how did you end up in Lexington?
Nice. So you kind
of found
the job after you were in Lexington. It wasn't for the job that you moved there?
What do you what do you do there?
Is your, I was gonna say so you're all 100% remote. Have you help you felt about that now? There's been six months
or whatever.
that's
So like is that
what is
that
kind of what it was like back pre covid, but you're just kind of like wasting time at the office more like yeah.
Are you able to get away from your computer during the day? It all or is it like you're still tethered but not working?
Yeah. That's nice. That sounds
like
a really good setup actually. I like, I hated the work. I actually quit my job during Covid because I like, it was just, I didn't like working from home was horrible because I had like a 40 hour or more commitment. And then it became like 60 hours like working from home because all these workaholics uh,
can't get enough of it. And then, uh, they forget that they are ever leaving work since they're just at work all the time. And it just really the got really, really crazy. So
I envisioned it being like your
situation, which is awesome. That's a sweet situation unfortunately. Uh, It wasn't, I don't know. What are the are the students like for, I guess for your school like is there going to be enrollment issues next year? I
mean the university is doing all right,
sure. It's gonna be tough to be a student right now. I was thinking like uh that's
not a good way to learn. Hopefully the universities will be able to weather the storm.
Yeah, No, that's uh that's rough. Are you, do you live like on campus kind of right now?
Sure. Yeah. It's like, I think the midwest had like a real awakening moment the last month or so because I think for a while, everyone
here thought they were insulated from the problems. So I think they were actually behaving worse. Um then otherwise, but now it's everywhere. So yeah, hopefully it's a hopefully things go back to normal low. But what I'm concerned about here, like we live in Chicago, not like downtown where all the skyscrapers are, we're in the north neighborhoods, but all these little like restaurants which make it awesome to live here are like really struggling like every week another one is closed and like when winter hits like, I don't know, I don't know how many of them are going to survive honestly. So hopefully people just like just follow the rules for like a couple of months and this could go away really quickly
I think.
Yeah. What's Lexington X. I know like every like every block has like a different covid plan. Like what's Lexington doing like right now?
Okay. That's decent. I think I guess I guess um mandates are only as good as the people's willingness to follow the mandates. Yeah.
He's available on prolific.
You have it too. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes. I like, I kind of, I don't know how to describe it like it's not like retirement but like I don't I was I was in finance so like I just I hated like doing it basically from the get go so I'm 32. So like I knew like as soon as I started that like I'm only doing it for the money so I like kind of saved for like 10 years. Uh just looked like I don't know I never like I had anything so I just kind of got fed up and I think covid like accelerated what was it was coming? So
I'm just like thinking and just trying to see what I want to do next. Like I have a lot of energy and I just know I don't want to do finance anymore. Um.
Oh so I was I was actually gonna ask you said payroll so I figured counting finance or something.
Same here. That's that's what I did. So I was
at University
of Iowa and then at that ni did the C. P. A. And worked at PwC for a while. Um So I was kind of my that's exactly what I did. How is that? So what is like working in payroll then? Because like I used to when I was like auditing and stuff I used to work you know with all the different functions but how
is
the actual
like sounds like a pretty good gig.
Yeah that's a I was wondering yeah I don't know. How do you, is that like the first thing you did like that you're kind of your first job and only job so far? Have you tinkered with some besides Starbucks? Is this like your first kind of finance accounting type thing?
That's pretty cool. It's like it's like you said this other casino you like I guess what I was in a real casino or virtual casino
Yeah I guess what when you're working like obviously it doesn't here in finance you know a casino you don't want to be attending the casino, you want to be working for like do you see anything like like how much are they just making bank at casinos or is it actually is it just like pure margin or?
You know it's interesting. I went to I only went to I went to Vegas once in my life for a work conference um Otherwise I have no interest in going and it was like the most depressing I thought I was going to be like so fun but like the strip is awesome and it's just the architecture is just it's ridiculous place but like going in the actual casino is like the most depressing
thing I've ever seen in my life. Like in the slot machines or maybe like the best, the best example of that. The people just sit in front of those things like
like they're glued to them and the you can see how they make the machines like they're blinking at them and making all this noise and I'm just like these that would be like some old lady just it would be like six a.m. When I'm going out for a run. I'm like oh man they were there like
all night.
Yeah. And how is dealing? Like that's I mean that's a pretty interesting skill set. Is that something you just pick up or?
that sounds pretty cool. That's pretty cool.
I mean are they are the hours like two a.m. To like I mean are they normal
hours? I can't imagine they are.
So
yeah. It does. It sounds like kind of like it be kind of like it would be fun like just interacting with all these new cycle of people. Probably a lot of interesting characters I would imagine as well.
Yeah. You're not the one like taking their whole stack and pulling it into that coffer that someone else gets to do that and you're just facilitating?
That is nice. That is nice. And then I guess I have to ask about in between Starbucks because I always see like you know it looks like I don't know if the barista or what there is there because that's a skill in and of itself. Um As well
Yeah. I feel like the Starbucks customer is getting more and more like picky as hell I guess. For lack of a better term.
Yeah. The experiment with all the different 10 different drinks lined up and samples each one.
My theory is that people like they just like to be picky. Like it makes them feel like like part of the value of paying $5 for a drink is to specifically tell them what you want and like that's gonna give some people a little value I think. Um. Yeah.
No I. Uh It is rough. Like the only experience we have there is a I have a couple some real estate and we have an Airbnb is one of them. And like man like like the customer centric model where like they can review you for everything is like reviews based and that sounds good until like you're getting reviewed. Then you realize like customers have too much power. Like they value, they like, like they evaluate you so like critically that enamels are like, hey, here's my five star rating. Try to get it. And it's like you didn't, you're paying me like a really low rate. Like you can't expect perfection for that. And I think like everyone, you know has there there there are stars that they can dole out and the businesses need to like meet the standards so they just have so much power now and like and there's just been some ridiculous requests and it's almost like, you know, we're not the Ritz Carlton, like you're paying X and you're evaluating us like you're paying three times that amount per night. So I don't know. I can, I could very well see us like not continuing that if, if this whole ratings thing continues to be more and more prevalent. It is tough though because you have to really meet the needs of regardless of how ridiculous they are of the customer.
Yeah, so we um it doesn't have a kitchen, so like it's a, it's a kind of a extra little portion. Um so we could install that and do that, but right now the Airbnb, it has been worth it because you know, we clean it. Um So it works out well, but that was just my first, I I really like it as an investment still. It's awesome. Uh and I wouldn't be worth the rent you would get from a full time tenant would not replace the Airbnb rent and like tenants have their own issues. Um But uh I think, I think eventually we probably would just not report, like if once Airbnb is done, you probably just not use it in any way. Airbnb is awesome for taking just a piece of extra space in making money off it. Like it doesn't have to be changed like someone wants that space regardless of what it is and like maybe it's hanging a couple of pictures and putting an air mattress and something and that's what I love about. It's like there's always extra space somewhere and like be, you can monetize it and it is a really cool tool for that, but it does put you unintentionally in customer service too.
Do you think it was the same because
I
would
never do a section eight tenants, like on paper, I've had friends that have tried it and on paper the math works great and it's no risk revenue. But every tenant has been a nightmare that I've heard of.
Yeah I'll just um so that's like right now living exactly that three unit property with two other units rented out in a in a neighborhood though in Chicago. So definitely wasn't. We wanted to pick a place that we wanted to live and then there were units attached to it are tenants have been all professionals like zero issues. So like your that is 100% the way to go because there's also like places you get much cheaper but then it's a whole lot more headaches and you know it's just not worth it. Uh Yeah. That's interesting. Another another thing to just remember because sometimes you're looking at you know the numbers and it's like when the numbers work really well
one place versus another, there's always like some give and take there and usually it's who you're having to deal with.
Oh yeah and that's two things that you would probably never do again. Like. So yeah the the other the other the good tenant experience is totally totally different. So India's great. So what what about Indie? Because India is a cool, so I've only been there a couple of times. It is a cool city.
Oh that's really interesting.
Yeah that's uh that's that's interesting. I didn't know. So you're looking more like in like really close to the downtown versus like a suburb I guess.
That sounds
great.
One of the things um Well what we love about Chicago so much is uh it is it's like those urban areas like a fully developed city has so much value that people just don't take advantage of like like we don't have we don't fiance and we don't have cars. Um We don't need cars, we live take a 20 minute train ride to the airport for two bucks. Like it's just the infrastructure there is so valuable that it's like it's there's so much value in a fully developed city when you're close to it. I think someone you know and finance could could see that um And then also just like all that there's just so much we could do with walking distance like there's concerts that we can walk to and awesome shows and it's just
we
love
we love
Chicago to, I don't know if that's something you've ever considered but it is a world class city as well. Probably similar to indian a lot of ways with its own problems but we we we we love it here.
awesome man. Well I hope yeah who knows maybe between now and then who knows what the housing market's gonna do. Um But
uh yeah that's it is it is a good time to buy. Don't hopefully it's not too competitive stuff stuff around
here
seems
to be flying off the shelves like people are lining up to try to outbid each other so hopefully that's not what it's like in Indianapolis next.
yeah I know and like interest rates are like a joke right now
it's
hard to even imagine it's it's possible. So definitely a good good time to buy. Right man. Well it was it was awesome talking
with you.
I
had a good chat. I don't always enjoy these in the morning so I I enjoyed this one
and I'm always like oh maybe it's me like you know trying to be nice but I knew like as soon as like one minute in our conversation like this will be this is a good
all right man take