SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Hello?
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Pretty good. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Won't I'm calling pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in uh California
SPEAKER_L: Okay so it's really early in the morning of the
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's that little little dark outside,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm sitting outside, it's nine It's 9 a.m. here so um
SPEAKER_R: Angry. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm getting a little chillier weather too so it's uh no snow yet but getting chilly here so
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's almost november, It's crazy. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where in California are you?
SPEAKER_R: I live in uh basically Los Angeles suddenly uh it's called a covert city. It's almost almost within Los Angeles, that's where Sony Sony Sony pictures is,
SPEAKER_L: culver
SPEAKER_R: It's like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: city? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: on the on the west side, so about maybe 66 or about six miles from the ocean
SPEAKER_L: like Price is
SPEAKER_R: if.
SPEAKER_L: right, is there? Right and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: me and my and my friends actually went on, went on uh jeopardy. Uh like a like a last year.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you're actually on the show as a contest Mint?
SPEAKER_R: no, as audience audience member. Yeah, I think they I think they did three shows, I think uh it was like I can't stay long and they're like they're like half days, I think they do like they try to do like all the week's show was on the set of the single day, it's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_L: Is there like a lottery system for the tickets or do you just show up or?
SPEAKER_R: I think you can just show up uh that they do have like uh like reserves for like contestants uh families. That's like I think they're they're they're they're they're filming so much that's probably like, you know, they probably won't fill up all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The only thing like here on the east coast is like um David David Letterman used to have his show in new york city so you could go
SPEAKER_R: On.
SPEAKER_L: I never did it personally but you can go and wait in line, I don't know if you actually get a ticket or you just go and the first x number of people in line get to go in and watch and um saturday night live is also from new york city and they would have so I've never gotten of any game shows on the east coast that do anything I'd love to go and just you know they have like a traveling prices right? And um in lancaster pennsylvania they have a theater that and actually here on her she I live near Hershey pennsylvania. We actually have the traveling prices right that obviously not drew Carey I don't think that hosted but they do that. So I guess that
SPEAKER_R: difficult.
SPEAKER_L: would be the next best thing I guess so so
SPEAKER_R: Actually uh I grew up in Ohio um and they had I don't want to columbus had they did have jeopardy come through like the where you can like that thing where you can uh to take a test to see it like that like traveling thing, we can go and like take a written test or whatever, see if you can qualify to be a show what the questions were hard, they were so hard.
SPEAKER_L: Did you try it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, you know, me and my friends tried it, it was like a lot of people to, it was like there, they came and I forget what place to rent it out or they want this, but I was like Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't that's I uh I am not I can't like if I read something today I can't remember it tomorrow. Somebody you know you got to have a mind it's just unbelievable to some of those contestants on there have been just Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I know they they have like A bit of a cheat sheet. Like in terms of topics I think, where they're like we can cover these things so they're not like completely like oblivious. And I think, well I think that's what happened with the one the one guy that really did well it can't with a really good system to try to like learn as much as possible. Like him and his wife both teamed up or something like something like that reading it was like, you know, they they give you like a little bit of an idea where they're going and some people are just like really, really good at. I like, you know, like memorizing things are trying to come in, we'll come in with systems or memory tricks to try to like get there. I believe
SPEAKER_L: I wish my line was like that, but it's but it's so what took you from? Ohio to California?
SPEAKER_R: I want them to like you know the code. So that was pretty cool and my roommate moved with was interested in doing acting and I just was like like just to change change is seen growing up like not being by the ocean. So it's just really, it's really cool. It's like you know, I feel like living in L. A. Despite being super. So it's like everyone like all around the world travels there so it's like you can almost
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: live there and then that travel and meet people from all over the all over the world. So it's kind of cool. All
SPEAKER_L: I was I've been to California twice but not real, not real recently. I went in my Early, excuse me, early 20s twice. I had a friend that did a semester in san Francisco and then I met
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: up with her and we went south into san Diego and and another time I went to the Rose Bowl, went to like the Rose Parade at all. There was a local high school band that was going and there was just a bunch of families that got together. So we went to the Rose Bowl, there was parade and I think we did Disney Land. Disney world. Yeah, I get Disney Disney thing and stuff like that. But I haven't been there. Haven't been there since my might get back. I loved had going north of san Francisco to Mendocino if you're familiar with it. And uh that's a little island up there. Um Okay, I'm drawing a blank but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure. But I did like I did like san Francisco a lot actually. I I visited once before I moved out and I visited like all the west coast cities I visited like Portland and Seattle and san Francisco and L. A. If I don't move myself by myself, I probably would have went to san Francisco but it was like that sometimes he's probably more expensive with all the well nowadays with all the uh little kind valley stuff but that's cool. Um I was thinking the price is right. Did you ever uh watch that like this mini documentary about the guy who broke the price is right, Are you familiar with that at all?
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't think I saw that. Was it on like a netflix same or something?
SPEAKER_R: It might have been, but it was it was like so fascinating. It was like he came he came on the show, it was like over the years a lot. He was like Price is Right was his favorite things and he's just like he had his own list of like prices and he had been following the show for like years and years and there were times where like the um he he wouldn't, he wouldn't make it on to like, you know, he always keep them short. But he also help people like, you know, help people like, hey, listen that well like, oh, this is this is this. So people, people were actually like being helped by him like, you know the Wind. And finally it was like, it was and there was a right he had been on the show for he had been coming to show for years and years and then they switched over to when they switched over to drew Carey. It was like people, we're like panicked because they did something where like they knew like all the prices and they were just like so panic. But they thought they thought someone was trying to sabotage or feel like these are fans of patent that these people are trying to advertise the show they want to take over because it's like his system was, he had a whole like he was, he was a computer programmer from like from a long time ago. So he just kind of made a little simple where he learned the prices and learn the variations, like down to the exact number because he loves
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: the president
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was like,
SPEAKER_L: I have to search for that and see if I can find that being nursed because there was a game show, there's a story done on it where um that way you say whammy and this like little monster jumps up if then you lose your turn but the guy was able and there's like I think there's nine squares and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like like all
SPEAKER_R: the deal
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: deal or no deal.
SPEAKER_L: no no no
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: was.
SPEAKER_L: it's um There's a screen and then you have to like the contestant hits a button and then it stops on like say $500. But then there's this little like red monster and you stop on that I think it's called a whammy and then you lose your turn. But the guy was able to watch the nine The nine blocks um flash. And he was able to come up with a pattern and how they flashed and when the wing and he would come up and they said he had cheated. Which I didn't think that was cheating. He just figured out the system. I didn't think that was cheating. And then I don't know if it's a netflix show or something that um you know I said how this guy cheated. I don't think that's cheating. He just figured out that's like
SPEAKER_R: I know people
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: underestimate underestimate humans all the time. All the time, do
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you senior,
SPEAKER_R: think?
SPEAKER_L: so your weather stays pretty warm out there where you're
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, basically like it's like, it's, I lived relatively close to the ocean so it stays pretty cool. Like warm and cool. Then it gets hot for like august and it was actually had a couple of weeks ago, like we're still hadn't at night, but like compared to like the west coast where I live uh compression like the valley, which is like only like maybe a half an hour away, Well 30 miles, maybe 30 miles away in traffic, Like you can go like 20° higher almost. Like it'll be like the weather by the city's is cooler than the further further inland inland
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you get,
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: they're dramatically raises.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we're about I think you could get the ocean and about 3 to 3.5 hour drive to the you know the east like the Delaware beach or the Maryland. You know Maryland is about 3 3.5 hours for us. So for us to go the beach, it's a little bit of a drive right? I mean the beaches here are okay, the water doesn't get real warm. Maybe Low 70s at the heights in like late August early September The ocean water might get to the 70s but. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I've been to one of the beaches over there, a camera where my, my sister lived in like Dover Delaware for a little while.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah that's yeah
SPEAKER_R: No, we visited and went to like cameras, the beach was part of Jersey or what still
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: state the future that reality.
SPEAKER_L: probably Rehobeth to go from Dover Delaware. You probably go to Rehobeth. Um My nephew went to college in Dover Delaware, what Wesley college is there and then there's a um they didn't have a tissue but there's a big firefly music festival in Dover Delaware as the there's a Nascar speedway there if you remember that they always had, my daughters went three or 4 years. Um I think they actually started, started starting the festival was like friday night to sunday and then it was the thursday to sunday and then it went to Wednesday because it's the crowds were just just I mean they had paul McCartney one year so they you know they're headliners would get they get pretty good headliners there
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: think I'm really, most is trying to avoid all the, all the whole world. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know.
SPEAKER_R: it's just like, oh, here goes. Like I actually lived in door for a little bit and then she moved to Newark for a little bit. I think she was working in the area. I remember they're they're pretty close. Remember? Remember we were driving up? I was actually playing, I was playing in a band and we're just doing like, like a little small shows up the coast, and we were like, we're on the on the freeway. I literally right, and I see like a whole like city line and I'm like, I don't even know what city that is. I especially like, oh, that's probably probably uh with uh well Wilmington Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well yeah Wilmington break their long 95. I mean Delaware's not real big, a friend
SPEAKER_R: with you.
SPEAKER_L: of mine's daughter went to University of Delaware and she actually stayed down there is in new work. Um Dover is about 20 to 30 minute drive from new work. Um But yeah, they are friends. Got a place outside in Middletown Delaware um and lived down there for a while and they knew all the back roads to avoid the tolls. You know when you live there and you're driving those roads every day, then we go to the beach just for the to get time in, you know you just stay on the highways and just you know pay the tolls. But yeah, friends of ours lived down there and did everything they could to try. What kind of music did you play?
SPEAKER_R: At the time I was actually in a heavy metal band, uh the keyboards of piano, like I didn't really girl listen to music and I had some friends in high school, they were they were in and I was like, that sounds that sounds cool. I would like I went to a couple of shows like really for keyword player or something else, that was kind of kind of fun, like, you know, I didn't really didn't make any money on the road. There was just kind of like kind of fun just going places and trying to like book, trying to book shows using like the internet and stuff like. Uh we used I think it was like, you know, the early two thousands, so like Myspace was popular than and it was really convenient. You could you could actually go on Myspace and search for shows by zip code. So I would like I would get on and try to like search within a radius of like where we're
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: planning on like going uh And sometimes I I find shows like people, people putting on like independent and independent shows and they say like, oh we're having artists and they will have a T. B. A. So sometimes I've met people like, hey we're gonna be traveling through and sometimes you're like, oh yeah, it's awesome complain. It's pretty it's pretty good fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I had a coworker whose son was in a band. I mean I started in high school I think and It got hard because some of you know we're getting married and you know it wasn't 12 months a year and you know, they were even getting into Europe and I think that maybe even went to Australia, but just the logistics of traveling and taking your equipment, and, and they just because of needing to make a living. And the guys were getting in the late twenties, early thirties, I don't know if they had been following on instagram and I haven't seen anything for a while, so I don't know if they never went back to, I mean, I think they were playing Places with a couple of 1000, but not enough to because I couldn't believe they were gonna fold as a band and you know, you got to make a living, it's, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's tough and it's it's really random. Like you almost can't hear what path you go. Like I have a friend out here that met uh and he's in a band that basically like gets all their money in Mexico. Like they'll they'll do the do stuff for her. She cord make videos and then they'll go like for a month and tour in Mexico, all these big shows and that's where like all the revenue came
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: from,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: there were like five player enough. Uh
SPEAKER_L: brother played in country and western bands from the age of 16 and then did it throughout his adult life. And, you know, he was in one band, they were sure they were going to make it big, and several of the teachers, or several of the band members were school teachers. So they had the summers off and they could go where my brother, quote, took a leave of absence to go with this band. Well, then in the fall, he went to go back to the job, his job. And they said, now you left this job to take another job? No, no, I did. You know, and he lost a really, really good job. You
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know, he
SPEAKER_R: now,
SPEAKER_L: wanted to take a chance with the band and just, you know, it's hard, you know, they lived on a bus and it's it's
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it's like a touch of choice because you're going to have a possible uh re uh threats either way, like if he didn't go and just kept this great job later on, he'd be thinking like, oh, I'm looking at looking happened,
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know,
SPEAKER_R: thanks
SPEAKER_L: he's 68 and he's still
SPEAKER_R: big.
SPEAKER_L: he plays drums, he's 68, and he just talked to him two weekends ago, and he he was supposed to have a gig and they ended up canceling it. But I don't know it just gets in your blood and you know for do do little local things that make $200 in an evening. You know it's not bad and he loves it. I mean that's the thing it's just It's but at 68 it's pretty hard in your body you know being out late at night and setting up drums and tearing down drums and you know, things like that. But that could be a tough life, tough life. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I would Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever been to pennsylvania?
SPEAKER_R: uh Yeah, I have a nephew, uh and Pittsburgh, he's gonna be like, oh man. Uh yes, I'm not sure how old he is. Let's see, my my older brother is uh let's see, how am I? My brother's brother is is uh 40 41, he just turned 41 this year, and he had he had his son and he was 19, So that means he's gonna be turning uh 2021 probably soon, and basically, my brother went to, went to college in Pittsburgh, uh went to the R r r just just to the Pittsburgh, uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh he didn't go to pit.
SPEAKER_R: he went to the Artistic Pittsburgh, and then um yeah, and then I've been the pencil, I remember I played a show somewhere in the middle, in the middle of pennsylvania, I can't remember where it was anymore uh back when we were just kind of like traveling around the region, and then I'm I've been I've been to philadelphia, like once when um I went to visit my sister, her her boyfriend at the time, uh took me and my uh my sister about eight years older than me, so I was, I was young, like just just graduated high school, and so my sister's boyfriend, they just go to fill it with just a philadelphia to see what it's like myself. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: philadelphia and Wilmington are only about maybe yeah 2030 minutes apart. Driving wise.
SPEAKER_R: mm cameras, but they're pretty close definitely. And
SPEAKER_L: we yeah we've driven my daughter's friend from Newark Delaware to the airport in philadelphia so I think it's about a half hour so it's not that far.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I did stand Philly one more time, but back when I was in the band, but we got our actually got our van broken into like I got to get to the guitar, stumbling and stuff and so he left. We're gonna, we're actually gonna go up to Maine, which is crazy. We butchered Sean made, it was like, it was going to be so far as we have any other shows in like the new England Area. Uh It would be like, it was a stupid fart here, but it's probably been fun I guess. But it was like, it was like we're going home like hell. But it has been like, Like a 15 hour drivers and like that it was
SPEAKER_L: means means a hike defending
SPEAKER_R: I forget what city and made it was. I mean we had actually met the guys before that we because we lived with, I live in a small city called Mansfield Ohio, which is like in between columbus and Cleveland. About an hour from each and it's our most famous thing. It's probably a old old prisoner we have there that uh Shawshank. It was
SPEAKER_L: Shawshank redemption yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So it was funny because I was still still pretty, I was pretty young. Like I was like 18 or 19. And I remember like we did a show where we're like, we're like inviting bands because since we're halfway in between columbus and Cleveland a lot of times, like more smaller independent bands like you said, hey come in like a kind of funny show. One of our shows, we had like a banned from maine and then a couple a couple bands from from from California play at the time. I was either anyone from California, so I was thinking they'd be all stereotypical server side of the old man, You're gonna understand what they're saying, but they sound they sound pretty easy to understand the guys from Maine though. Oh my goodness. Like I was like, I had to listen really hard to understand what they're saying,
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: I was like, I
SPEAKER_L: their accent.
SPEAKER_R: was like, I thought that California will be hard to stand with these as to remain. Seems like they're speaking of another link, another link, but really nice. But I was like, I remember being surprised cause I feel like maybe just a lot closer California even though it's like, you know, so far away, like misleadingly, but at the same time zone at least. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just stayed in Mommy M A um ee it south of Toledo little, do you remember that my husband, I did a cross
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: country trip for three months out west and we came down like around Lake Superior and lake michigan and we stayed in Mommy, I was just, I'm just looking at it on the map here because I couldn't remember the name of the town and then we came down into south of Cleveland and then down into pennsylvania that way. But
SPEAKER_R: Man, I played I played tennis in high school and we were in the north, we were in the northwest I guess region of Ohio. It's not like uh so we were so whenever with uh for sectionals I guess so like to like our team wasn't that great, we weren't going to like playing like a state championship racing like that but to go through and we played the team in Toledo and Mamby and stuff like that like they're they're part of our seeing sports region when it when it comes to like an advanced.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I see it here now. Um
SPEAKER_R: Alright. I yeah I've been to mom, I've been to mommy once just to play tennis just to play tennis.
SPEAKER_L: Um, do you ever, you still play tennis?
SPEAKER_R: Not as much as I used to like when I moved out to here to L. A. I was like really shocked because first of all the tennis courts stay open all year all year round or round, it was just like and I got some great rackets like from just from like thrift shops, like I found rackets were more expensive than the ones I bought, but when I played in high school And I got like $5. So I was actually going playing tennis for awhile and I started I kind of fell off a bit and I joined some like adult rec league does fall weeks. I started like that and it's like a really popular scene in L. A. So like it's like that that's well that's a place what's awhile but it's been it's been a little bit since I played tennis were very well, especially,
SPEAKER_L: Did you ever hear a pickle ball?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: Pickle ball is played well where I play it on the tennis court but we have portable nets and there's actually two lined pickleball courts on either side of the tennis net. So you're playing on a very abbreviated size court. The racket is, I'm going to say twice the size of a ping pong racket and it's it's solid, it doesn't have strings like a tennis racket and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: and then the ball, it's like a whiffle ball, there's actually a ball for indoor out and ball for outdoor play. There's two different balls
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and I started playing it when I retired like almost two years ago at a like an indoor community rec center in my area. And if you ever get a chance it's especially as a former tennis player because I play with a lot of former tennis players. I mean people think it's like if you go on youtube, you can find videos all the time, but it's fast paced in the sense that like once the service started And you play two
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: on the side, you can't play singles, but you play two on the side, you know, you only score, you only get a point when you serve. Um And then there's a line seven ft back from the net that is called the, I don't know what kind of wonder what they call that line, but a lot of times you just stand up there and then you just hit the ball real fast in the air back and forth, which is called thinking. But if you ever get a chance to play, especially being a former tennis player, I think
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you really it's it's I play five or six times a week. Um And we're getting now where I'm not sure we're going to be able to be playing outside because I all the indoor place, well there's a few indoors I think there's a church that has courts are allowing people to play a couple of days a week. But I'm hoping I can play as much as possible until we get snow or really windy conditions. But if you ever get a chance I think you would I think you'd find it because people like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: oh it's not a workout but it's it's more than than you think it's you know so yeah I'm supposed to play this afternoon but the weather's it's raining right now so I don't know, get a little bit of sun dry out the courts and so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I remember that, I remember that feeling during when I was in school school, during tennis season, like
SPEAKER_L: tennis, was that a spring sport for you?
SPEAKER_R: yes, for our school it was uh it was spring for the boys and fall and fall for the girls. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I think that might be how our state, how our state does it? Well my
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: ball,
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: go ahead, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I want to say like it's funny like it's absolutely the season when the season will start, sometimes there will be snow like it was
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: like you had
SPEAKER_L: I think I remember local tennis teams having to shovel the courts off. Um Yeah, my back to pickleball, my daughter played pickle ball in high school in gym class and she thought it was just something her her like gym teacher made up. She never, and then when I started playing, you know, I said to my daughter, I said you know, do you want to play? And she's like, no, I thought it was just a made up thing that my gym teacher came up with, but it's really becoming like, like retirement villages, you know, a lot. It can be pretty hard on your knees, you really got to, you can really get hurt if if you're a real aggressive player. I like to keep it pretty low key. I'm just out for exercise. Not out to be any kind
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: of a champion or there's all kind of tournaments and stuff you can go to, but you have to be ranked
SPEAKER_R: you bet.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm not, I'm too old for that. I don't need to be ranked and be in competition. I just want to get exercise and, and have fun. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we have to think about paddle tennis out here, which is kind of a variation of tennis I never heard of and tell them about here. It's like a smaller corn and stuff, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if they use a pickle ball, they called paddle tennis. I think I have, I saw something on that. I wonder if they use the pickleball courts for that. I have to look that up. I'm just curious. Yeah, but a
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: lot of people here are starting to get into it and um, you know, making
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: leagues and really getting people interested in it and stuff. So, so, well I think we have our time and I enjoyed talking to you and
SPEAKER_R: You too? That's funny. The same thing happened to the last time I realized we ask each other or in our names.
SPEAKER_L: my name is linda
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I'm chris
SPEAKER_L: chris. Um Have you done any of these before?
SPEAKER_R: This is my 3rd, my 3rd 1.
SPEAKER_L: Okay this is my 6th 1. They originally said you could only do four and then they changed it to
SPEAKER_R: I think it's six now. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: and my last two didn't show up so this was my so thank you for showing up so.
SPEAKER_R: Fire on three for 3. It is. Uh
SPEAKER_L: my other ones um My first four I don't think I had any issues and then this the 6th 12 people you know didn't show up. So you know I I usually they say you have to give them five minutes. I think the one time I waited 20 minutes just because I was reading or something wise I'll just stay on him wait. So yeah it's pretty it's pretty good you know pretty good money for just sitting talking to somebody and yeah I enjoy doing it. Yeah so well you have a nice
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: day.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. You, too. It's nice to
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: meet and
SPEAKER_L: too
SPEAKER_R: talk
SPEAKER_L: chris
SPEAKER_R: to you linda.
SPEAKER_L: say bye bye.