Yeah.
Hello? Hello?
Uh huh. Pretty good. How about yourself?
I'm in uh California
Yeah, it's that little little dark outside,
Angry. Mhm.
Mhm. It's almost november, It's crazy. Huh?
I live in uh basically Los Angeles suddenly uh it's called a covert city. It's almost almost within Los Angeles, that's where Sony Sony Sony pictures is,
It's like, I don't know.
on the on the west side, so about maybe 66 or about six miles from the ocean
if.
Yeah,
me and my and my friends actually went on, went on uh jeopardy. Uh like a like a last year.
no, as audience audience member. Yeah, I think they I think they did three shows, I think uh it was like I can't stay long and they're like they're like half days, I think they do like they try to do like all the week's show was on the set of the single day, it's kind of cool.
I think you can just show up uh that they do have like uh like reserves for like contestants uh families. That's like I think they're they're they're they're they're filming so much that's probably like, you know, they probably won't fill up all the time.
On.
difficult.
Actually uh I grew up in Ohio um and they had I don't want to columbus had they did have jeopardy come through like the where you can like that thing where you can uh to take a test to see it like that like traveling thing, we can go and like take a written test or whatever, see if you can qualify to be a show what the questions were hard, they were so hard.
Yeah, I mean, you know, me and my friends tried it, it was like a lot of people to, it was like there, they came and I forget what place to rent it out or they want this, but I was like Yeah.
Well I know they they have like A bit of a cheat sheet. Like in terms of topics I think, where they're like we can cover these things so they're not like completely like oblivious. And I think, well I think that's what happened with the one the one guy that really did well it can't with a really good system to try to like learn as much as possible. Like him and his wife both teamed up or something like something like that reading it was like, you know, they they give you like a little bit of an idea where they're going and some people are just like really, really good at. I like, you know, like memorizing things are trying to come in, we'll come in with systems or memory tricks to try to like get there. I believe
I want them to like you know the code. So that was pretty cool and my roommate moved with was interested in doing acting and I just was like like just to change change is seen growing up like not being by the ocean. So it's just really, it's really cool. It's like you know, I feel like living in L. A. Despite being super. So it's like everyone like all around the world travels there so it's like you can almost
live there and then that travel and meet people from all over the all over the world. So it's kind of cool. All
It's
I'm not sure. But I did like I did like san Francisco a lot actually. I I visited once before I moved out and I visited like all the west coast cities I visited like Portland and Seattle and san Francisco and L. A. If I don't move myself by myself, I probably would have went to san Francisco but it was like that sometimes he's probably more expensive with all the well nowadays with all the uh little kind valley stuff but that's cool. Um I was thinking the price is right. Did you ever uh watch that like this mini documentary about the guy who broke the price is right, Are you familiar with that at all?
It might have been, but it was it was like so fascinating. It was like he came he came on the show, it was like over the years a lot. He was like Price is Right was his favorite things and he's just like he had his own list of like prices and he had been following the show for like years and years and there were times where like the um he he wouldn't, he wouldn't make it on to like, you know, he always keep them short. But he also help people like, you know, help people like, hey, listen that well like, oh, this is this is this. So people, people were actually like being helped by him like, you know the Wind. And finally it was like, it was and there was a right he had been on the show for he had been coming to show for years and years and then they switched over to when they switched over to drew Carey. It was like people, we're like panicked because they did something where like they knew like all the prices and they were just like so panic. But they thought they thought someone was trying to sabotage or feel like these are fans of patent that these people are trying to advertise the show they want to take over because it's like his system was, he had a whole like he was, he was a computer programmer from like from a long time ago. So he just kind of made a little simple where he learned the prices and learn the variations, like down to the exact number because he loves
the president
was like,
That's
the deal
deal or no deal.
It
was.
I know people
underestimate underestimate humans all the time. All the time, do
you
think?
Yeah, basically like it's like, it's, I lived relatively close to the ocean so it stays pretty cool. Like warm and cool. Then it gets hot for like august and it was actually had a couple of weeks ago, like we're still hadn't at night, but like compared to like the west coast where I live uh compression like the valley, which is like only like maybe a half an hour away, Well 30 miles, maybe 30 miles away in traffic, Like you can go like 20° higher almost. Like it'll be like the weather by the city's is cooler than the further further inland inland
you get,
they're dramatically raises.
I've been to one of the beaches over there, a camera where my, my sister lived in like Dover Delaware for a little while.
No, we visited and went to like cameras, the beach was part of Jersey or what still
state the future that reality.
I
think I'm really, most is trying to avoid all the, all the whole world. So
it's just like, oh, here goes. Like I actually lived in door for a little bit and then she moved to Newark for a little bit. I think she was working in the area. I remember they're they're pretty close. Remember? Remember we were driving up? I was actually playing, I was playing in a band and we're just doing like, like a little small shows up the coast, and we were like, we're on the on the freeway. I literally right, and I see like a whole like city line and I'm like, I don't even know what city that is. I especially like, oh, that's probably probably uh with uh well Wilmington Yeah,
with you.
At the time I was actually in a heavy metal band, uh the keyboards of piano, like I didn't really girl listen to music and I had some friends in high school, they were they were in and I was like, that sounds that sounds cool. I would like I went to a couple of shows like really for keyword player or something else, that was kind of kind of fun, like, you know, I didn't really didn't make any money on the road. There was just kind of like kind of fun just going places and trying to like book, trying to book shows using like the internet and stuff like. Uh we used I think it was like, you know, the early two thousands, so like Myspace was popular than and it was really convenient. You could you could actually go on Myspace and search for shows by zip code. So I would like I would get on and try to like search within a radius of like where we're
planning on like going uh And sometimes I I find shows like people, people putting on like independent and independent shows and they say like, oh we're having artists and they will have a T. B. A. So sometimes I've met people like, hey we're gonna be traveling through and sometimes you're like, oh yeah, it's awesome complain. It's pretty it's pretty good fun.
Yeah, it's tough and it's it's really random. Like you almost can't hear what path you go. Like I have a friend out here that met uh and he's in a band that basically like gets all their money in Mexico. Like they'll they'll do the do stuff for her. She cord make videos and then they'll go like for a month and tour in Mexico, all these big shows and that's where like all the revenue came
from,
there were like five player enough. Uh
I'm
now,
I feel like it's like a touch of choice because you're going to have a possible uh re uh threats either way, like if he didn't go and just kept this great job later on, he'd be thinking like, oh, I'm looking at looking happened,
thanks
big.
I would Mhm
uh Yeah, I have a nephew, uh and Pittsburgh, he's gonna be like, oh man. Uh yes, I'm not sure how old he is. Let's see, my my older brother is uh let's see, how am I? My brother's brother is is uh 40 41, he just turned 41 this year, and he had he had his son and he was 19, So that means he's gonna be turning uh 2021 probably soon, and basically, my brother went to, went to college in Pittsburgh, uh went to the R r r just just to the Pittsburgh, uh
he went to the Artistic Pittsburgh, and then um yeah, and then I've been the pencil, I remember I played a show somewhere in the middle, in the middle of pennsylvania, I can't remember where it was anymore uh back when we were just kind of like traveling around the region, and then I'm I've been I've been to philadelphia, like once when um I went to visit my sister, her her boyfriend at the time, uh took me and my uh my sister about eight years older than me, so I was, I was young, like just just graduated high school, and so my sister's boyfriend, they just go to fill it with just a philadelphia to see what it's like myself. Mhm
mm cameras, but they're pretty close definitely. And
I guess I did stand Philly one more time, but back when I was in the band, but we got our actually got our van broken into like I got to get to the guitar, stumbling and stuff and so he left. We're gonna, we're actually gonna go up to Maine, which is crazy. We butchered Sean made, it was like, it was going to be so far as we have any other shows in like the new England Area. Uh It would be like, it was a stupid fart here, but it's probably been fun I guess. But it was like, it was like we're going home like hell. But it has been like, Like a 15 hour drivers and like that it was
I forget what city and made it was. I mean we had actually met the guys before that we because we lived with, I live in a small city called Mansfield Ohio, which is like in between columbus and Cleveland. About an hour from each and it's our most famous thing. It's probably a old old prisoner we have there that uh Shawshank. It was
So it was funny because I was still still pretty, I was pretty young. Like I was like 18 or 19. And I remember like we did a show where we're like, we're like inviting bands because since we're halfway in between columbus and Cleveland a lot of times, like more smaller independent bands like you said, hey come in like a kind of funny show. One of our shows, we had like a banned from maine and then a couple a couple bands from from from California play at the time. I was either anyone from California, so I was thinking they'd be all stereotypical server side of the old man, You're gonna understand what they're saying, but they sound they sound pretty easy to understand the guys from Maine though. Oh my goodness. Like I was like, I had to listen really hard to understand what they're saying,
I was like, I
was like, I thought that California will be hard to stand with these as to remain. Seems like they're speaking of another link, another link, but really nice. But I was like, I remember being surprised cause I feel like maybe just a lot closer California even though it's like, you know, so far away, like misleadingly, but at the same time zone at least. Yeah.
Group.
Man, I played I played tennis in high school and we were in the north, we were in the northwest I guess region of Ohio. It's not like uh so we were so whenever with uh for sectionals I guess so like to like our team wasn't that great, we weren't going to like playing like a state championship racing like that but to go through and we played the team in Toledo and Mamby and stuff like that like they're they're part of our seeing sports region when it when it comes to like an advanced.
Alright. I yeah I've been to mom, I've been to mommy once just to play tennis just to play tennis.
Not as much as I used to like when I moved out to here to L. A. I was like really shocked because first of all the tennis courts stay open all year all year round or round, it was just like and I got some great rackets like from just from like thrift shops, like I found rackets were more expensive than the ones I bought, but when I played in high school And I got like $5. So I was actually going playing tennis for awhile and I started I kind of fell off a bit and I joined some like adult rec league does fall weeks. I started like that and it's like a really popular scene in L. A. So like it's like that that's well that's a place what's awhile but it's been it's been a little bit since I played tennis were very well, especially,
I'm not sure.
Yeah, I've never heard of that.
That's
But
That's
What?
Yeah, I remember that, I remember that feeling during when I was in school school, during tennis season, like
yes, for our school it was uh it was spring for the boys and fall and fall for the girls. Uh
huh.
And
I was
like,
yeah, I want to say like it's funny like it's absolutely the season when the season will start, sometimes there will be snow like it was
like you had
But
you bet.
we have to think about paddle tennis out here, which is kind of a variation of tennis I never heard of and tell them about here. It's like a smaller corn and stuff, Yeah.
Right,
Thanks.
You too? That's funny. The same thing happened to the last time I realized we ask each other or in our names.
Uh huh. I'm chris
This is my 3rd, my 3rd 1.
I think it's six now. Okay.
Fire on three for 3. It is. Uh
but
thank you. You, too. It's nice to
meet and
talk
to you linda.