Right. Mhm.
How are you?
Won't I'm calling pennsylvania.
Okay so it's really early in the morning of the
Yeah I'm sitting outside, it's nine It's 9 a.m. here so um
yeah I'm getting a little chillier weather too so it's uh no snow yet but getting chilly here so
Yeah. Where in California are you?
culver
city? Yeah
like Price is
right, is there? Right and yeah.
Yeah.
Oh you're actually on the show as a contest Mint?
Is there like a lottery system for the tickets or do you just show up or?
Yeah. The only thing like here on the east coast is like um David David Letterman used to have his show in new york city so you could go
I never did it personally but you can go and wait in line, I don't know if you actually get a ticket or you just go and the first x number of people in line get to go in and watch and um saturday night live is also from new york city and they would have so I've never gotten of any game shows on the east coast that do anything I'd love to go and just you know they have like a traveling prices right? And um in lancaster pennsylvania they have a theater that and actually here on her she I live near Hershey pennsylvania. We actually have the traveling prices right that obviously not drew Carey I don't think that hosted but they do that. So I guess that
would be the next best thing I guess so so
Did you try it
Yeah I don't that's I uh I am not I can't like if I read something today I can't remember it tomorrow. Somebody you know you got to have a mind it's just unbelievable to some of those contestants on there have been just Yeah.
I wish my line was like that, but it's but it's so what took you from? Ohio to California?
Well
I was I've been to California twice but not real, not real recently. I went in my Early, excuse me, early 20s twice. I had a friend that did a semester in san Francisco and then I met
up with her and we went south into san Diego and and another time I went to the Rose Bowl, went to like the Rose Parade at all. There was a local high school band that was going and there was just a bunch of families that got together. So we went to the Rose Bowl, there was parade and I think we did Disney Land. Disney world. Yeah, I get Disney Disney thing and stuff like that. But I haven't been there. Haven't been there since my might get back. I loved had going north of san Francisco to Mendocino if you're familiar with it. And uh that's a little island up there. Um Okay, I'm drawing a blank but yeah.
No, I don't think I saw that. Was it on like a netflix same or something?
I have
to
I have to search for that and see if I can find that being nursed because there was a game show, there's a story done on it where um that way you say whammy and this like little monster jumps up if then you lose your turn but the guy was able and there's like I think there's nine squares and
like like all
the
no no no
no
it's um There's a screen and then you have to like the contestant hits a button and then it stops on like say $500. But then there's this little like red monster and you stop on that I think it's called a whammy and then you lose your turn. But the guy was able to watch the nine The nine blocks um flash. And he was able to come up with a pattern and how they flashed and when the wing and he would come up and they said he had cheated. Which I didn't think that was cheating. He just figured out the system. I didn't think that was cheating. And then I don't know if it's a netflix show or something that um you know I said how this guy cheated. I don't think that's cheating. He just figured out that's like
other
So
you senior,
so your weather stays pretty warm out there where you're
You
know
Yeah we're about I think you could get the ocean and about 3 to 3.5 hour drive to the you know the east like the Delaware beach or the Maryland. You know Maryland is about 3 3.5 hours for us. So for us to go the beach, it's a little bit of a drive right? I mean the beaches here are okay, the water doesn't get real warm. Maybe Low 70s at the heights in like late August early September The ocean water might get to the 70s but. Uh huh.
Oh yeah that's yeah
probably
probably Rehobeth to go from Dover Delaware. You probably go to Rehobeth. Um My nephew went to college in Dover Delaware, what Wesley college is there and then there's a um they didn't have a tissue but there's a big firefly music festival in Dover Delaware as the there's a Nascar speedway there if you remember that they always had, my daughters went three or 4 years. Um I think they actually started, started starting the festival was like friday night to sunday and then it was the thursday to sunday and then it went to Wednesday because it's the crowds were just just I mean they had paul McCartney one year so they you know they're headliners would get they get pretty good headliners there
so.
Oh I know.
Yeah. Well yeah Wilmington break their long 95. I mean Delaware's not real big, a friend
of mine's daughter went to University of Delaware and she actually stayed down there is in new work. Um Dover is about 20 to 30 minute drive from new work. Um But yeah, they are friends. Got a place outside in Middletown Delaware um and lived down there for a while and they knew all the back roads to avoid the tolls. You know when you live there and you're driving those roads every day, then we go to the beach just for the to get time in, you know you just stay on the highways and just you know pay the tolls. But yeah, friends of ours lived down there and did everything they could to try. What kind of music did you play?
I'm
Yeah, I had a coworker whose son was in a band. I mean I started in high school I think and It got hard because some of you know we're getting married and you know it wasn't 12 months a year and you know, they were even getting into Europe and I think that maybe even went to Australia, but just the logistics of traveling and taking your equipment, and, and they just because of needing to make a living. And the guys were getting in the late twenties, early thirties, I don't know if they had been following on instagram and I haven't seen anything for a while, so I don't know if they never went back to, I mean, I think they were playing Places with a couple of 1000, but not enough to because I couldn't believe they were gonna fold as a band and you know, you got to make a living, it's, you know,
So,
Well,
brother played in country and western bands from the age of 16 and then did it throughout his adult life. And, you know, he was in one band, they were sure they were going to make it big, and several of the teachers, or several of the band members were school teachers. So they had the summers off and they could go where my brother, quote, took a leave of absence to go with this band. Well, then in the fall, he went to go back to the job, his job. And they said, now you left this job to take another job? No, no, I did. You know, and he lost a really, really good job. You
know, he
wanted to take a chance with the band and just, you know, it's hard, you know, they lived on a bus and it's it's
Well, you know,
he's 68 and he's still
he plays drums, he's 68, and he just talked to him two weekends ago, and he he was supposed to have a gig and they ended up canceling it. But I don't know it just gets in your blood and you know for do do little local things that make $200 in an evening. You know it's not bad and he loves it. I mean that's the thing it's just It's but at 68 it's pretty hard in your body you know being out late at night and setting up drums and tearing down drums and you know, things like that. But that could be a tough life, tough life. Yeah. Yeah.
Have you ever been to pennsylvania?
Oh he didn't go to pit.
philadelphia and Wilmington are only about maybe yeah 2030 minutes apart. Driving wise.
we yeah we've driven my daughter's friend from Newark Delaware to the airport in philadelphia so I think it's about a half hour so it's not that far.
means means a hike defending
Shawshank redemption yeah.
With
their accent.
I just stayed in Mommy M A um ee it south of Toledo little, do you remember that my husband, I did a cross
country trip for three months out west and we came down like around Lake Superior and lake michigan and we stayed in Mommy, I was just, I'm just looking at it on the map here because I couldn't remember the name of the town and then we came down into south of Cleveland and then down into pennsylvania that way. But
Yeah, I see it here now. Um
Um, do you ever, you still play tennis?
Did you ever hear a pickle ball?
Pickle ball is played well where I play it on the tennis court but we have portable nets and there's actually two lined pickleball courts on either side of the tennis net. So you're playing on a very abbreviated size court. The racket is, I'm going to say twice the size of a ping pong racket and it's it's solid, it doesn't have strings like a tennis racket and
and then the ball, it's like a whiffle ball, there's actually a ball for indoor out and ball for outdoor play. There's two different balls
and I started playing it when I retired like almost two years ago at a like an indoor community rec center in my area. And if you ever get a chance it's especially as a former tennis player because I play with a lot of former tennis players. I mean people think it's like if you go on youtube, you can find videos all the time, but it's fast paced in the sense that like once the service started And you play two
on the side, you can't play singles, but you play two on the side, you know, you only score, you only get a point when you serve. Um And then there's a line seven ft back from the net that is called the, I don't know what kind of wonder what they call that line, but a lot of times you just stand up there and then you just hit the ball real fast in the air back and forth, which is called thinking. But if you ever get a chance to play, especially being a former tennis player, I think
you really it's it's I play five or six times a week. Um And we're getting now where I'm not sure we're going to be able to be playing outside because I all the indoor place, well there's a few indoors I think there's a church that has courts are allowing people to play a couple of days a week. But I'm hoping I can play as much as possible until we get snow or really windy conditions. But if you ever get a chance I think you would I think you'd find it because people like
oh it's not a workout but it's it's more than than you think it's you know so yeah I'm supposed to play this afternoon but the weather's it's raining right now so I don't know, get a little bit of sun dry out the courts and so
tennis, was that a spring sport for you?
Yeah,
I think that might be how our state, how our state does it? Well my
my
ball,
go ahead, I'm sorry.
think,
I think I remember local tennis teams having to shovel the courts off. Um Yeah, my back to pickleball, my daughter played pickle ball in high school in gym class and she thought it was just something her her like gym teacher made up. She never, and then when I started playing, you know, I said to my daughter, I said you know, do you want to play? And she's like, no, I thought it was just a made up thing that my gym teacher came up with, but it's really becoming like, like retirement villages, you know, a lot. It can be pretty hard on your knees, you really got to, you can really get hurt if if you're a real aggressive player. I like to keep it pretty low key. I'm just out for exercise. Not out to be any kind
of a champion or there's all kind of tournaments and stuff you can go to, but you have to be ranked
and I'm not, I'm too old for that. I don't need to be ranked and be in competition. I just want to get exercise and, and have fun. So yeah.
I wonder if they use a pickle ball, they called paddle tennis. I think I have, I saw something on that. I wonder if they use the pickleball courts for that. I have to look that up. I'm just curious. Yeah, but a
lot of people here are starting to get into it and um, you know, making
leagues and really getting people interested in it and stuff. So, so, well I think we have our time and I enjoyed talking to you and
my name is linda
chris. Um Have you done any of these before?
Okay this is my 6th 1. They originally said you could only do four and then they changed it to
and my last two didn't show up so this was my so thank you for showing up so.
my other ones um My first four I don't think I had any issues and then this the 6th 12 people you know didn't show up. So you know I I usually they say you have to give them five minutes. I think the one time I waited 20 minutes just because I was reading or something wise I'll just stay on him wait. So yeah it's pretty it's pretty good you know pretty good money for just sitting talking to somebody and yeah I enjoy doing it. Yeah so well you have a nice
day.
You
too
chris
say bye bye.