SPEAKER_L: 20. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay good. Oh Okay. So five after 9:00. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah you have to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mom. Mhm. Oh okay. Design. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good
SPEAKER_L: Morning,
SPEAKER_R: morning.
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm well, how are you doing? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, it's my first time doing this kind of survey, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. Me too. This isn't it to me. So we'll figure it out. Yeah, I guess according to the directions, we can just talk about whatever there's no, so
SPEAKER_R: Story,
SPEAKER_L: I guess what, I'm in Connecticut married. I got two kids, seven and nine, both going to school full time, luckily none of this, no, no homeschool learning, they go to catholic school. So things are a little different. So it's we're lucky that way.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um, I'm married, one child, baby. Um, so no school yet, Everybody's working remotely from home. Uh, so happy, healthy and safe. Um, I see you went to UConn, I went to Syracuse. Uh so I should hang hang this up right
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: miss the old Big East and this is a lot more of a basketball fan for college sports than football. So I really miss the old Big East.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, I went there. My freshman year was the year that Carmelo was at Syracuse. Yes, so
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: that was,
SPEAKER_L: Five times.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that was crazy. Uh
SPEAKER_L: That's cool,
SPEAKER_R: but I, you know, Yukon is, if it's not Kimber walker, it's, you know, it's uh, it was Ray Allen before that. I mean you guys had on
SPEAKER_L: they got
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: they got their problems now though, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get it. But you're right, those are good times back then.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the game was Big East basketball was a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you're a met fan. That's cool. I am
SPEAKER_L: I am a die hard mets fan. I cry a lot from april to october
SPEAKER_R: There. Yeah, the season was especially, I know, you know, circumstances considering, but you know, for the ground to pitch the way he was and nowhere to go down like that and it's just I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I know if our pitching and held together we may have done a little better, but I don't know, we kind of have an open checkbook at this point with our new owners so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I mean for better or worse we'll see how that goes. So yeah, that's cool. I think I think of my kid, I might, I don't know my jump ship. It's it's hard, it's hard being a mets knicks, you know, fan and just to deal with the losing. It's frustrating. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. I cannot, the Net being a knicks fan is incredibly painful. Um I actually don't even know what to think about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: There. They are, they're the worst run team in sports right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's um that's not gonna change anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: no, no that's that's that's all ownership, they need
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: definitely need new owners.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um so how long have you been doing these uh prolific.
SPEAKER_L: I found this about a year ago um I kind of stumbled across it I'm always looking for, so you know, just some gas money or some beer money in my pocket, right? You're not gonna, But I found this, I try focus groups, that's like, that's real money. If you can get into focus groups, you can make, you can make 100 bucks an hour if you can get into the right ones. So I've gotten a couple of those, I like this prolific because it pays the best pays quickly. Um I first started with like mechanical turk from amazon. Uh huh. You spend more time looking for a quarter than you actually do make enough money. So
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: this is by far my favorite.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Um Good. Alright, that makes sense. I found this uh in a subreddit. So yeah, I could see like the same were along the same lines of just trying to make a little bit of cash.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm not, I'm not going to quit my job doing this,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: this covers my beer on the weekends. I'm good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's it, that's it. Uh That's cool. That's good. Um Yeah the the amazon the turk is uh
SPEAKER_L: that's all, yeah. When I first found it was like, oh, this is great, but you spend more time flipping through and searching for things. So
SPEAKER_R: and I'm not sure if are there people using bots on there to get the jobs quicker
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: got to be because the amount of money that there, you see some of the qualifications they have and how many things they've completed, there's no way humans doing that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. That makes sense here. Um Yeah I haven't been able to crack the focus group part. Yeah I I
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: gotten into a couple, I've got a couple coming up. Um I think three of them for like $150 apiece over the next like two weeks.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: They don't take any more than an hour, an hour and a half.
SPEAKER_R: And their virtual,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're either they're either like this or they're just like um you're going and just you answer questions and every day for like a week, the key to those just keep applying just, it's about volume and you'll eventually start getting phone calls from the recruiters and you'll start getting in look
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: different military, different groups on facebook because there's like people who post new ones all the time
SPEAKER_R: okay? Facebook. Okay so it's not a specific place
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: that you Okay. Okay. Yeah I've only been to one and that was pre uh pre pandemic
SPEAKER_L: I have,
SPEAKER_R: so. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: they're all online now. So it's, that's real money if you can get into them
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: Christmas Common, that's like $450 extra for Christmas this year. So that'll be nice.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. Yeah, I'm not looking forward to christmas, I don't know what we're gonna do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's gonna be an interesting holiday season that year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it um I think it depends on you know how you your philosophy with Covid and how you truly feel uh you know, where newborn babies, so we're very, we're more cautious, were
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: like, you know, he's almost like a bubble boy unfortunately, but you know, and then there are other people who are having family dinners and hanging out and you know, it's
SPEAKER_L: We usually have a big, you know, christmas is usually are big get together this year is going to be like six of us. Um, so we've already made that decision, you know? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and uh for those other family members, that's good, and then for the others who may not agree or want to want to be part of it and
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you know, that that can be a little little family drama, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. So do you follow the election and you into politics at all?
SPEAKER_R: you know, I during my time at Syracuse, I graduated policy major um so I, I'm in I TINa, so I'm kind of transition, but it's, you know, it's hard to like not pay attention to it without.
SPEAKER_L: I'm off. I took this week off from work because I am a political junkie. I've had it on constantly. My kids are going nuts because I won't turn the news off.
SPEAKER_R: okay, okay. I um yeah, I switched, you know, I switched careers because I started feeling the burn out and you know, I just I felt like this machine is just too big to to make certain unless you're doing on a really local level. Um So but this has been, I I don't know, you feel like each each election is like as they, it's like it gets progressively worse. I can't I'm not really sure what what's going on here. Um
SPEAKER_L: Your viewpoints change as you get older and the way you see the world and, but I have found this week to be incredibly exciting just from it's still going like the two states just flipped over the last like six hours and I'm I just find the whole process to be totally fascinating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but for me it's like why hasn't this been streamlined all the way across? You know, Nevada should be the same as pennsylvania should be the same as like why are certain states having harder times than others and why can't we all just kind of conform
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: like that, if you went like state by state, like even California, which they call real early, only a 77% of the vote in, but they know it's going to go one way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And you say the same thing with new york? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's, that's the thing like these states right now, they're so tight California was this tight? We'd still be talking about it,
SPEAKER_R: That's true, that's true. Um And you know, and without getting into like depending on whoever you voted for, I voted for, I just I just I just want the process to be respected,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: my big thing. There's such a lack of respect for the entire institution right now and that's where I have the biggest problem.
SPEAKER_R: Right, and it costs doubt going forward, so this is, you know, I thought it couldn't get any worse than a hanging chad in florida, like I cannot,
SPEAKER_L: God, I know. I know.
SPEAKER_R: this is something this is unimaginable, like, I just want to wake up from it um and just have some resolution, you know, whether it's one way or the other, let's just let's just figure it out and be done with
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: move on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, So there's that part then there's actually like, you know, what's actually going on inside the White House and whether people are okay with that or the excuse to behave, you know, there's it's it's just a very delicate
SPEAKER_L: The behavior I think especially over the last two days is really thrown me to act the way to say some of the things that have been said completely undermines our entire system.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: It disenfranchises both votes, both sides of the vote and I think it just adds fuel to a fire to our nation's enemies because that's what they want. They want to send chaos within our american democracy and that's what's happening right now.
SPEAKER_R: They see things as compromised, whether they had a hand in it or not, we're just kind of giving it to him.
SPEAKER_L: But they're just going to pour gasoline right on top of that and that upsets me more than anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I just, you know, I just don't I'm not a huge fan of the guy, but I just don't want to see um I wanna say sore losing, but as he's being backed into a corner, he's doing all these out back
SPEAKER_L: He's not going to concede he's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: not going to do a proper transition. He's gonna sit there, he's gonna dig his heels in. He's gonna cry like a five year old. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but this isn't, you know, some military run, you know, communist, like this isn't, you know, it's just all right, I lost, I'll go to the courts, the courts say no, it is what it is and I'm done, you know, but to kind of say the things that you're saying on the way out the door, if that's going to happen, you know, it just kind of sets a terrible precedent and, you know, the
SPEAKER_L: And the people who drink the kool aid,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: they're gonna, they're gonna follow him to the very end. And what, I just don't see the logic if there's fraud, how is there going to be a run off of two senate seats in Georgia? How the democrats not just put those two guys, the two Democratic senators over just by like a couple of votes. There's no, they're not thinking it through at all.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's it feels like it's extremely like reactionary whenever, wherever there's any wherever something is close, we're going to say there's something wrong because we can get more votes from uh you know, in the process. Um I think that I think I kind of wanted it to be a little stronger either way. Kind of like, you know, leave, leave the process out of it and now it's just down to you voted the way you voted, I voted the way I voted. This is why we're here and I could deal with that. I'll worry about that for four years. Um But you know, the people outside and you know, one coast were saying, stop the count on the other coast was saying keep the count go
SPEAKER_L: His supporters were saying that in both places in Arizona there saying keep on counting in Georgia, they're saying stop the count. They're not, I don't get it.
SPEAKER_R: right, right, right. And you know, it's just like we wanted the way we wanted how we wanted and nothing else
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: matters.
SPEAKER_L: our way and no other way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I don't know, it's it's it's a shame to see that. Um uh so I don't know. I'm curious now what was your opinion of 2016 um Was
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: did a write in vote For president in 2016 because I didn't, I don't like Trump, I didn't like him then that didn't really trust Hillary clinton. I thought she was a better choice, but I didn't really trust her. Um, and I always felt that if the american people really wanted to put a businessman in Washington, Michael Bloomberg was the right choice. He ran new york, He knows politics. He knew new york's the most diverse city on the planet. It would have been a better choice for Washington and trump. I mean, he had his issues run in new york and I get that, but it was a much better choice. If you wanted to put a businessman more even keeled, a better understanding of the whole political system, that would have been the breath, that would've been a better choice,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's fair enough. I agree with that. Um I think that I think that I don't know if you know the whole email thing and bank, I don't know if that to me would have been enough to say no to Hillary. I felt like that was something that may have been, I wanna say blown out of proportion because there was something we need to consider, but I don't know if it was as big as the mistakes that the current guy had made or is it
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't disagree. I mean, looking back now, yeah, I wish I voted for it. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: By
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: 2020.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So I just think he ran it like it was literally a reality show, just kind of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: knew how.
SPEAKER_L: agree. And his people just bought right into it followers.
SPEAKER_R: but the fact that nobody is kind of woken up to say all right. You know what? This is a little this is this is a little different like we're being a little too extreme here.
SPEAKER_L: I think, I think that the people who are still close to him are still very afraid of him. There's nobody in the Republican Party has stepped up and said you got to stop the question. You know take somebody's gonna have to get in front of him so you're not going out there in front of the cameras anymore. It's over it's time to let it go and he doesn't know but nobody is willing to do that.
SPEAKER_R: But I mean uh I mean yesterday's press conference that
SPEAKER_L: I was just
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: absurd.
SPEAKER_R: like what is what is what is happening
SPEAKER_L: How could they allow him to go out and say the things that he's saying. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, and then it's like well do the reporters say all right, you're being ridiculous right now? That's not true. You know? I don't even know who says what to who Like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: I'm at a loss right now.
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't get it either. I will say that I am a huge fan of Kamala Harris. I like her a lot. I think Biden is a one term president because you know it wasn't really my top choice but I think he made a really good choice for VP and if she runs in 40 years because I'm not sure he'll make it four years. She'll be she'll be a really strong choice.
SPEAKER_R: My fear is that you know we kind of we kind of just concede to biden because he's he's kind of like The best option at one a.m. and a bar, right? Um and that the fear of Camilla being too liberal kind of like creeps its neck, its head out you know for the next four years to where
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: they say, you know yeah we have to take joe but this is this is way too far to the left. I can't we can't do this right now.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's where the younger generation though is heading, Like it's over between 20 and 30 now. I think that that's where it's heading. We're going to we're going to end up with the national health care system because that's what they want because that's what they're seeing in europe, which you have no lower, lower health care costs, have longer lifespans, you know, they just they're generally happier. That's coming a more a very progressive system and change is coming and the republicans can either dig their heels in and drag it on or they can become a part of the process that has changed and figure out how we're going to pay for it all. That's ultimately what the problem comes down to. They can become part of the solution or they can just sit there and dig their heels and be dragged along because it's going to happen I think one way or the other. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you do you feel that um because there because we're trending in a direction that in this election do you feel like Kamla kind of had to like I feel like she did but do you feel like she had to like kind of choke down some of that like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I do.
SPEAKER_R: but literally and she you know I want to say hide it but in a way kind of disguise it or.
SPEAKER_L: I think she just had to just tone it down a little bit, you know what I mean? Like not make it front and center, this isn't her presidency, this isn't going to be her platform. But I think you know, I I like that, I feel that she's very honest, I feel she's very strong. I feel like you know you can I watch some of the Senate hearings that she was a part of over the last year and she is real sharp, you know when you've got guys like um you know you got guys like ted Cruz out of out of texas and she just she owned him and he's just he's another douche bag, she just owned him. And I really feel like you're going to have somebody who's going to stand up there and really believe in something. They've got to be coherent, they've got logical and they've got to be willing to listen to the other side, which I think should be willing to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No um you know she makes c span entertaining for sure. Um But I think I'm just nervous that you know, as a woman, as a black woman, they may not, you know Barack was enough you know and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I agree with that. So I'm not sure the American people. I mean 70 million people got out and voted for Captain Whitey here. The white man with all the money. I don't know that they'll come out and you're right. I don't know that they'll come out and vote for
SPEAKER_R: But what's crazy is that you know, all the rural areas etcetera etcetera. I don't understand how they relate to trump when trump
SPEAKER_L: because all right, so
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: here's here's how I saw it at least last time, right in the last election, you live in new york still. Okay. I'm in Connecticut were in real diverse areas, right? I see people, my kids go to a school where they are the minority there as white as I am. They are the minority. See people who don't look like me all the time. You can walk through certain neighborhoods in queens And never hear English for 10 square blocks. You know, never see anybody who who who maybe looks like you're has the same lifestyle as you. You go to like rural Ohio You can go 1000 miles in any direction and never see somebody who doesn't look like you who doesn't sound like you. And they found somebody who came on tv and said the things that they were thinking who saw the world, how they saw it because they have no idea what it's like to live in a place where we're with and that's why they came out and vote voted for him at least that's that's why I think they came out and voted.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no, like that that that I guess makes sense. Um And I guess the message that trump is is or was feeding at the time is not too far off from the way he feels even though he's come from the big cities and he is a blood.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I agree. Let's build the wall. It's care Children away from their families. It's point fingers at anybody who doesn't look like me and it's their fault and you know, we want to put Muslims on the registry and I'm like, really? Because last time I checked, Hitler put jews on a registry. And how did that turn out? So I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: mean is this really the world we want to live in?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that was the first thing he did and everybody was kind of like uh All right.
SPEAKER_L: And nobody stood up and said something like, are you nuts?
SPEAKER_R: Well, he's he's surrounding himself, You know, steve steve miller. He's surrounding himself
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: would think like him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I think to the point before, I don't know if people in his inner circle ever going to say like, you know, relax because they may they may feel the same way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They probably do.
SPEAKER_R: Well, you know, we'll we'll see. I kind of want this to just go away, but it won't
SPEAKER_L: I don't think he's gonna go away even if he loses. I think he's going to try to run again in four years if he's still around. I don't know, he's got such a following. I and the only thing that I and I said this is somebody this morning was like if he runs, we could end up with a teddy Roosevelt situation where he split the Republican Party and then the democrats have the chance to not just take the White House, but they can end up with supermajorities.
SPEAKER_R: And take
SPEAKER_L: Both
SPEAKER_R: everything.
SPEAKER_L: chambers of Congress and I don't want that either because then there's no check and balance then they can go and do everything they need to do for two years completely unhinged and that's not what we want either.
SPEAKER_R: No, we need to strike a healthy, healthy balance. Um I think that he has a chance to earn a lot of money after this. I agree. However, I feel like the law is gonna be on him day and night.
SPEAKER_L: Gotta hope so. He's gotta be held accountable for something.
SPEAKER_R: But he's he's shaken everything. I mean, four years. He's under the most, the most magnified lens, the hottest light. And he hasn't he hasn't really cracked at all. They have to be able to get him.
SPEAKER_L: no. And they were saying on CNN last night but he's really good at doing is wearing down his opponents. He will just get going at you and going out until you just give up like I'm tired, I can't do this anymore. He's like okay I went that's what he does.
SPEAKER_R: Um and I've never seen a man like not answer a question and deflect like,
SPEAKER_L: All politicians do it. But not like he's been doing, he's and he won't answer anything. You ask him something doesn't like oh you're a woman, I don't like you because you're from CNN or whatever and you're just nasty.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah. You're nasty.
SPEAKER_L: You know? Instead of answering he just throws out insults.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Or just finds a way to bend it back to his original thought.
SPEAKER_L: Right? I beat Hillary still talking about how he beat Hillary five years later.
SPEAKER_R: I think on 60 minutes, uh I think the interviewer said, I mean, what does that matter now? And
SPEAKER_L: It didn't
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: matter then. It didn't the minute she conceded it didn't matter anymore. He won't let it go.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. I don't
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: now?
SPEAKER_R: I think we're just getting a look at really, you know, how a big, big portion of America uh feels and thinks. Um and I didn't think it would be, I don't think it was this bad. Um and I'm also reading that this is kind of like an over correction from the Obama years. Mm
SPEAKER_L: I think a lot of white people got pissed that we put a black man in the office and they came out and this is yeah this is there
SPEAKER_R: the that there.
SPEAKER_L: this is the reaction to it. Yeah. The career, right? The correction to it. I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: don't think that I don't get for all these years.
SPEAKER_R: No, because you know, sometimes people, you know, sometimes, you know, in our community sometimes we feel sometimes that Obama wasn't black enough, but he he did a great job of trying to make sure everybody was okay with everything
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He had
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: a he had to play the game really. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: And not say, you know what I'm in now now black people are the agenda. You know, that would have that would have never went over well
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: would have gotten a second term.
SPEAKER_R: No. No. So, you know, I think people need to understand that he has to play that game and be dynamic in that regard. And in the end he helped everybody out. You know, I didn't realize how difficult this health care thing was until he actually got
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: it through.
SPEAKER_L: know there's 25 million more people on with health insurance that didn't have it
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Which is a big, big
SPEAKER_L: huge.
SPEAKER_R: big yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: right. I think we've hit a 25 minute March. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That went fast. It wasn't bad.
SPEAKER_L: No, that wasn't bad at all.
SPEAKER_R: So now we just close out or does
SPEAKER_L: I guess.
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: We go back to the other screen. Hang on, let me go over there. Let's say uh your conversation going to know what you should see the timer below. I guess once we hit the 25 minute mark, we can close out, go back to the other screen and hit that button at the bottom. All right.
SPEAKER_R: All right. It was a pleasure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This was this was uh this was easier than I thought I was going to be.
SPEAKER_R: All right. He's safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_R: Go go orange.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's go huskies. I thank
SPEAKER_R: All right later.
SPEAKER_L: you.