Yeah. Good
morning.
I'm well, how are you doing? Okay.
Uh, it's my first time doing this kind of survey, so
Story,
Okay. Um, I'm married, one child, baby. Um, so no school yet, Everybody's working remotely from home. Uh, so happy, healthy and safe. Um, I see you went to UConn, I went to Syracuse. Uh so I should hang hang this up right
now.
yeah, yeah, I went there. My freshman year was the year that Carmelo was at Syracuse. Yes, so
that was,
yeah, that was crazy. Uh
but I, you know, Yukon is, if it's not Kimber walker, it's, you know, it's uh, it was Ray Allen before that. I mean you guys had on
it.
Yeah, I get it. But you're right, those are good times back then.
Yeah. So you're a met fan. That's cool. I am
There. Yeah, the season was especially, I know, you know, circumstances considering, but you know, for the ground to pitch the way he was and nowhere to go down like that and it's just I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean for better or worse we'll see how that goes. So yeah, that's cool. I think I think of my kid, I might, I don't know my jump ship. It's it's hard, it's hard being a mets knicks, you know, fan and just to deal with the losing. It's frustrating. Mm hmm.
Yeah, it's
that's um that's not gonna change anytime soon.
No.
Yeah. Um so how long have you been doing these uh prolific.
there.
Okay. Okay. Um Good. Alright, that makes sense. I found this uh in a subreddit. So yeah, I could see like the same were along the same lines of just trying to make a little bit of cash.
No,
no, no, no, no.
that's it, that's it. Uh That's cool. That's good. Um Yeah the the amazon the turk is uh
and I'm not sure if are there people using bots on there to get the jobs quicker
or?
Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. That makes sense here. Um Yeah I haven't been able to crack the focus group part. Yeah I I
did.
All
And their virtual,
Is
it
okay? Facebook. Okay so it's not a specific place
that you Okay. Okay. Yeah I've only been to one and that was pre uh pre pandemic
so. Uh huh
That's
Uh Yeah. Yeah, I'm not looking forward to christmas, I don't know what we're gonna do.
Yeah I think it um I think it depends on you know how you your philosophy with Covid and how you truly feel uh you know, where newborn babies, so we're very, we're more cautious, were
like, you know, he's almost like a bubble boy unfortunately, but you know, and then there are other people who are having family dinners and hanging out and you know, it's
yeah, and uh for those other family members, that's good, and then for the others who may not agree or want to want to be part of it and
you know, that that can be a little little family drama, so yeah,
you know, I during my time at Syracuse, I graduated policy major um so I, I'm in I TINa, so I'm kind of transition, but it's, you know, it's hard to like not pay attention to it without.
okay, okay. I um yeah, I switched, you know, I switched careers because I started feeling the burn out and you know, I just I felt like this machine is just too big to to make certain unless you're doing on a really local level. Um So but this has been, I I don't know, you feel like each each election is like as they, it's like it gets progressively worse. I can't I'm not really sure what what's going on here. Um
Yeah, but for me it's like why hasn't this been streamlined all the way across? You know, Nevada should be the same as pennsylvania should be the same as like why are certain states having harder times than others and why can't we all just kind of conform
and
to
kind
And you say the same thing with new york? Yeah.
That's true, that's true. Um And you know, and without getting into like depending on whoever you voted for, I voted for, I just I just I just want the process to be respected,
you know?
Right, and it costs doubt going forward, so this is, you know, I thought it couldn't get any worse than a hanging chad in florida, like I cannot,
this is something this is unimaginable, like, I just want to wake up from it um and just have some resolution, you know, whether it's one way or the other, let's just let's just figure it out and be done with
it.
Yeah, So there's that part then there's actually like, you know, what's actually going on inside the White House and whether people are okay with that or the excuse to behave, you know, there's it's it's just a very delicate
Well,
They see things as compromised, whether they had a hand in it or not, we're just kind of giving it to him.
Yeah. And I just, you know, I just don't I'm not a huge fan of the guy, but I just don't want to see um I wanna say sore losing, but as he's being backed into a corner, he's doing all these out back
the
but this isn't, you know, some military run, you know, communist, like this isn't, you know, it's just all right, I lost, I'll go to the courts, the courts say no, it is what it is and I'm done, you know, but to kind of say the things that you're saying on the way out the door, if that's going to happen, you know, it just kind of sets a terrible precedent and, you know, the
All
No, it's it feels like it's extremely like reactionary whenever, wherever there's any wherever something is close, we're going to say there's something wrong because we can get more votes from uh you know, in the process. Um I think that I think I kind of wanted it to be a little stronger either way. Kind of like, you know, leave, leave the process out of it and now it's just down to you voted the way you voted, I voted the way I voted. This is why we're here and I could deal with that. I'll worry about that for four years. Um But you know, the people outside and you know, one coast were saying, stop the count on the other coast was saying keep the count go
right, right, right. And you know, it's just like we wanted the way we wanted how we wanted and nothing else
matters.
Yeah. And I don't know, it's it's it's a shame to see that. Um uh so I don't know. I'm curious now what was your opinion of 2016 um Was
it
Okay, that's fair enough. I agree with that. Um I think that I think that I don't know if you know the whole email thing and bank, I don't know if that to me would have been enough to say no to Hillary. I felt like that was something that may have been, I wanna say blown out of proportion because there was something we need to consider, but I don't know if it was as big as the mistakes that the current guy had made or is it
you
know?
Yeah. Yeah. So I just think he ran it like it was literally a reality show, just kind of
knew how.
but the fact that nobody is kind of woken up to say all right. You know what? This is a little this is this is a little different like we're being a little too extreme here.
But I mean uh I mean yesterday's press conference that
I was
like what is what is what is happening
you know, and then it's like well do the reporters say all right, you're being ridiculous right now? That's not true. You know? I don't even know who says what to who Like
I'm
I'm at a loss right now.
My fear is that you know we kind of we kind of just concede to biden because he's he's kind of like The best option at one a.m. and a bar, right? Um and that the fear of Camilla being too liberal kind of like creeps its neck, its head out you know for the next four years to where
they say, you know yeah we have to take joe but this is this is way too far to the left. I can't we can't do this right now.
you do you feel that um because there because we're trending in a direction that in this election do you feel like Kamla kind of had to like I feel like she did but do you feel like she had to like kind of choke down some of that like
but literally and she you know I want to say hide it but in a way kind of disguise it or.
Yeah. Yeah. No um you know she makes c span entertaining for sure. Um But I think I'm just nervous that you know, as a woman, as a black woman, they may not, you know Barack was enough you know and
But what's crazy is that you know, all the rural areas etcetera etcetera. I don't understand how they relate to trump when trump
like
Yeah. No, no, like that that that I guess makes sense. Um And I guess the message that trump is is or was feeding at the time is not too far off from the way he feels even though he's come from the big cities and he is a blood.
All
Yeah. And that was the first thing he did and everybody was kind of like uh All right.
Well, he's he's surrounding himself, You know, steve steve miller. He's surrounding himself
with
people.
Yeah. So I think to the point before, I don't know if people in his inner circle ever going to say like, you know, relax because they may they may feel the same way.
Well, you know, we'll we'll see. I kind of want this to just go away, but it won't
And take
everything.
No, we need to strike a healthy, healthy balance. Um I think that he has a chance to earn a lot of money after this. I agree. However, I feel like the law is gonna be on him day and night.
But he's he's shaken everything. I mean, four years. He's under the most, the most magnified lens, the hottest light. And he hasn't he hasn't really cracked at all. They have to be able to get him.
Um and I've never seen a man like not answer a question and deflect like,
Yeah, yeah. You're nasty.
Yeah. Yeah. Or just finds a way to bend it back to his original thought.
I think on 60 minutes, uh I think the interviewer said, I mean, what does that matter now? And
that's
Right, right. I don't
know. I don't know.
I think we're just getting a look at really, you know, how a big, big portion of America uh feels and thinks. Um and I didn't think it would be, I don't think it was this bad. Um and I'm also reading that this is kind of like an over correction from the Obama years. Mm
the that there.
don't
No, because you know, sometimes people, you know, sometimes, you know, in our community sometimes we feel sometimes that Obama wasn't black enough, but he he did a great job of trying to make sure everybody was okay with everything
and
And not say, you know what I'm in now now black people are the agenda. You know, that would have that would have never went over well
at
all.
No. No. So, you know, I think people need to understand that he has to play that game and be dynamic in that regard. And in the end he helped everybody out. You know, I didn't realize how difficult this health care thing was until he actually got
it through.
Right. Right. Which is a big, big
big yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. Yes.
That went fast. It wasn't bad.
So now we just close out or does
it?
All right. It was a pleasure.
All right. He's safe.
Go go orange.
All right later.