20. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay good. Oh Okay. So five after 9:00. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah you have to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mom. Mhm. Oh okay. Design. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay.
Morning,
how are you?
Yeah.
Yeah, me too. Me too. This isn't it to me. So we'll figure it out. Yeah, I guess according to the directions, we can just talk about whatever there's no, so
I guess what, I'm in Connecticut married. I got two kids, seven and nine, both going to school full time, luckily none of this, no, no homeschool learning, they go to catholic school. So things are a little different. So it's we're lucky that way.
I
miss the old Big East and this is a lot more of a basketball fan for college sports than football. So I really miss the old Big East.
Uh
Five times.
That's cool,
they got
they got their problems now though, so
yeah, the game was Big East basketball was a lot of fun.
I am a die hard mets fan. I cry a lot from april to october
I know if our pitching and held together we may have done a little better, but I don't know, we kind of have an open checkbook at this point with our new owners so.
definitely. I cannot, the Net being a knicks fan is incredibly painful. Um I actually don't even know what to think about.
There. They are, they're the worst run team in sports right now. Yeah,
no, no that's that's that's all ownership, they need
definitely need new owners.
I found this about a year ago um I kind of stumbled across it I'm always looking for, so you know, just some gas money or some beer money in my pocket, right? You're not gonna, But I found this, I try focus groups, that's like, that's real money. If you can get into focus groups, you can make, you can make 100 bucks an hour if you can get into the right ones. So I've gotten a couple of those, I like this prolific because it pays the best pays quickly. Um I first started with like mechanical turk from amazon. Uh huh. You spend more time looking for a quarter than you actually do make enough money. So
this is by far my favorite.
yeah, I'm not, I'm not going to quit my job doing this,
but
this covers my beer on the weekends. I'm good. Yeah.
that's all, yeah. When I first found it was like, oh, this is great, but you spend more time flipping through and searching for things. So
there's
got to be because the amount of money that there, you see some of the qualifications they have and how many things they've completed, there's no way humans doing that.
I've
gotten into a couple, I've got a couple coming up. Um I think three of them for like $150 apiece over the next like two weeks.
They don't take any more than an hour, an hour and a half.
Yeah, they're either they're either like this or they're just like um you're going and just you answer questions and every day for like a week, the key to those just keep applying just, it's about volume and you'll eventually start getting phone calls from the recruiters and you'll start getting in look
for
different military, different groups on facebook because there's like people who post new ones all the time
now.
I have,
they're all online now. So it's, that's real money if you can get into them
Christmas Common, that's like $450 extra for Christmas this year. So that'll be nice.
Yeah. It's gonna be an interesting holiday season that year.
absolutely.
We usually have a big, you know, christmas is usually are big get together this year is going to be like six of us. Um, so we've already made that decision, you know? Okay.
No,
absolutely. So do you follow the election and you into politics at all?
I'm off. I took this week off from work because I am a political junkie. I've had it on constantly. My kids are going nuts because I won't turn the news off.
Your viewpoints change as you get older and the way you see the world and, but I have found this week to be incredibly exciting just from it's still going like the two states just flipped over the last like six hours and I'm I just find the whole process to be totally fascinating.
Well,
if
you
like that, if you went like state by state, like even California, which they call real early, only a 77% of the vote in, but they know it's going to go one way. Yeah.
Yeah. So that's, that's the thing like these states right now, they're so tight California was this tight? We'd still be talking about it,
That's
my big thing. There's such a lack of respect for the entire institution right now and that's where I have the biggest problem.
God, I know. I know.
And
move on. Yeah.
The behavior I think especially over the last two days is really thrown me to act the way to say some of the things that have been said completely undermines our entire system.
It disenfranchises both votes, both sides of the vote and I think it just adds fuel to a fire to our nation's enemies because that's what they want. They want to send chaos within our american democracy and that's what's happening right now.
But they're just going to pour gasoline right on top of that and that upsets me more than anything.
He's not going to concede he's
not going to do a proper transition. He's gonna sit there, he's gonna dig his heels in. He's gonna cry like a five year old. Yeah.
And the people who drink the kool aid,
they're gonna, they're gonna follow him to the very end. And what, I just don't see the logic if there's fraud, how is there going to be a run off of two senate seats in Georgia? How the democrats not just put those two guys, the two Democratic senators over just by like a couple of votes. There's no, they're not thinking it through at all.
His supporters were saying that in both places in Arizona there saying keep on counting in Georgia, they're saying stop the count. They're not, I don't get it.
it's
our way and no other way.
I
did a write in vote For president in 2016 because I didn't, I don't like Trump, I didn't like him then that didn't really trust Hillary clinton. I thought she was a better choice, but I didn't really trust her. Um, and I always felt that if the american people really wanted to put a businessman in Washington, Michael Bloomberg was the right choice. He ran new york, He knows politics. He knew new york's the most diverse city on the planet. It would have been a better choice for Washington and trump. I mean, he had his issues run in new york and I get that, but it was a much better choice. If you wanted to put a businessman more even keeled, a better understanding of the whole political system, that would have been the breath, that would've been a better choice,
No, I don't disagree. I mean, looking back now, yeah, I wish I voted for it. Yeah. Right.
By
2020.
I
agree. And his people just bought right into it followers.
I think, I think that the people who are still close to him are still very afraid of him. There's nobody in the Republican Party has stepped up and said you got to stop the question. You know take somebody's gonna have to get in front of him so you're not going out there in front of the cameras anymore. It's over it's time to let it go and he doesn't know but nobody is willing to do that.
I was just
absurd.
How could they allow him to go out and say the things that he's saying. Yeah.
I
know
I don't I don't get it either. I will say that I am a huge fan of Kamala Harris. I like her a lot. I think Biden is a one term president because you know it wasn't really my top choice but I think he made a really good choice for VP and if she runs in 40 years because I'm not sure he'll make it four years. She'll be she'll be a really strong choice.
Now
I think that's where the younger generation though is heading, Like it's over between 20 and 30 now. I think that that's where it's heading. We're going to we're going to end up with the national health care system because that's what they want because that's what they're seeing in europe, which you have no lower, lower health care costs, have longer lifespans, you know, they just they're generally happier. That's coming a more a very progressive system and change is coming and the republicans can either dig their heels in and drag it on or they can become a part of the process that has changed and figure out how we're going to pay for it all. That's ultimately what the problem comes down to. They can become part of the solution or they can just sit there and dig their heels and be dragged along because it's going to happen I think one way or the other. Mhm.
Yeah, I do.
I think she just had to just tone it down a little bit, you know what I mean? Like not make it front and center, this isn't her presidency, this isn't going to be her platform. But I think you know, I I like that, I feel that she's very honest, I feel she's very strong. I feel like you know you can I watch some of the Senate hearings that she was a part of over the last year and she is real sharp, you know when you've got guys like um you know you got guys like ted Cruz out of out of texas and she just she owned him and he's just he's another douche bag, she just owned him. And I really feel like you're going to have somebody who's going to stand up there and really believe in something. They've got to be coherent, they've got logical and they've got to be willing to listen to the other side, which I think should be willing to do.
Yeah, no, I agree with that. So I'm not sure the American people. I mean 70 million people got out and voted for Captain Whitey here. The white man with all the money. I don't know that they'll come out and you're right. I don't know that they'll come out and vote for
because all right, so
here's here's how I saw it at least last time, right in the last election, you live in new york still. Okay. I'm in Connecticut were in real diverse areas, right? I see people, my kids go to a school where they are the minority there as white as I am. They are the minority. See people who don't look like me all the time. You can walk through certain neighborhoods in queens And never hear English for 10 square blocks. You know, never see anybody who who who maybe looks like you're has the same lifestyle as you. You go to like rural Ohio You can go 1000 miles in any direction and never see somebody who doesn't look like you who doesn't sound like you. And they found somebody who came on tv and said the things that they were thinking who saw the world, how they saw it because they have no idea what it's like to live in a place where we're with and that's why they came out and vote voted for him at least that's that's why I think they came out and voted.
Yeah. I agree. Let's build the wall. It's care Children away from their families. It's point fingers at anybody who doesn't look like me and it's their fault and you know, we want to put Muslims on the registry and I'm like, really? Because last time I checked, Hitler put jews on a registry. And how did that turn out? So I
mean is this really the world we want to live in?
And nobody stood up and said something like, are you nuts?
You know,
people
would think like him. Yeah.
Yeah. They probably do.
I don't think he's gonna go away even if he loses. I think he's going to try to run again in four years if he's still around. I don't know, he's got such a following. I and the only thing that I and I said this is somebody this morning was like if he runs, we could end up with a teddy Roosevelt situation where he split the Republican Party and then the democrats have the chance to not just take the White House, but they can end up with supermajorities.
Both
chambers of Congress and I don't want that either because then there's no check and balance then they can go and do everything they need to do for two years completely unhinged and that's not what we want either.
Gotta hope so. He's gotta be held accountable for something.
no. And they were saying on CNN last night but he's really good at doing is wearing down his opponents. He will just get going at you and going out until you just give up like I'm tired, I can't do this anymore. He's like okay I went that's what he does.
All politicians do it. But not like he's been doing, he's and he won't answer anything. You ask him something doesn't like oh you're a woman, I don't like you because you're from CNN or whatever and you're just nasty.
You know? Instead of answering he just throws out insults.
Right? I beat Hillary still talking about how he beat Hillary five years later.
It didn't
matter then. It didn't the minute she conceded it didn't matter anymore. He won't let it go.
What
now?
I think a lot of white people got pissed that we put a black man in the office and they came out and this is yeah this is there
this is the reaction to it. Yeah. The career, right? The correction to it. I
don't think that I don't get for all these years.
Yeah. He had
a he had to play the game really. You know what I mean?
He
never
would have gotten a second term.
You
know there's 25 million more people on with health insurance that didn't have it
huge.
right. I think we've hit a 25 minute March. Yeah.
No, that wasn't bad at all.
I guess.
We go back to the other screen. Hang on, let me go over there. Let's say uh your conversation going to know what you should see the timer below. I guess once we hit the 25 minute mark, we can close out, go back to the other screen and hit that button at the bottom. All right.
Yeah. This was this was uh this was easier than I thought I was going to be.
Yeah. You too.
Yeah. Let's go huskies. I thank
you.