How about that? Considering the company this one? Yeah, here's the thing. What? Yeah, you're right, Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's gonna be like that, it's just all right. What do you think? Mm hmm. Are you a real man? Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah?
Yeah, let me just make a little bit louder. Alright, alright, good. Hey, what's your name? Right,
can we?
Oh, nice to meet you kelly.
Mike, mike.
Okay, so kelly.
Where, where are you from,
Missouri
Help?
Okay. How how has the coronavirus
been there? And what?
It's crazy. I'm from I'm from a small town in central pennsylvania, but we've kind of relocated near Philly and uh are counting that we live in is adjacent to philadelphia and it's been crazy the people that aren't masking are going out pretending that it's, you know, no big deal. Um It's crazy. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's uh I think that the philadelphia they when the black lives matter people were protesting, I think they're kind of like try not to police the people, but from what I hear, you know, people are gathering, going out to eat, I heard that, you know, the center city philadelphia was jumping with, you know, unmasked people. So what can we do, you know? Well,
so are you uh Oh, I think he froze. Oh,
hold on one second, I can hear you, I can't see you.
well, that's okay, well, well, kelly, do you are you do you have kids or do you have family in Missouri?
Okay. Were you affected like, did you get laid off from your job because of coronavirus?
that's fair. Okay,
I teach uh in a small community college and uh right before, right before february, they moved online and uh the fall is going to be much of the same mostly online students. And uh you know we have some international kids that are in limbo because they don't know if the international students will be able to take classes unless they're on campus, so it's just a big yeah, nobody knows. Um But
we have our county is doing um you can choose for your, we have small Children um either they go as like uh some days they're in school and some days they're online. Um but we're keeping our kids back for the year until there's a vaccine so that we're just going to just stay put and stay. Sam.
uh
but have a prolific what brought you to pull prolific? Are you, do you do stuff on surveys and stuff? Yeah.
yeah, I'm with you. Yeah. Yeah, I did. Um Cash. I did like when we got kind of laid off and we kind of got furloughed. I was just like how can I make extra money? So I did I did I had turk two years before I was doing enter. I was doing prolific. And uh they seem to really you can stay on and make 50 60 bucks a day if you're you know if you hustle so it's not bad.
I'm too bad. Yeah. So this is a big one. This is what like 20 bucks or something? Uh
15.
Okay. Did you did you have a conversation before? Mhm.
Like
this?
Have you been to the east coast? Have you been to Philly or new york?
That's cool. All right. Um Like where I'm originally from is very rural, very um trump supporting very, you know we call it painful Tuckey. They're very they're very agrarian. They like their nascar, they like their confederate flags. So we're like the outcasts were kind of more east coast you know folks So um that's why we're here now but uh it's you know crazy this this this whole thing has been crazy so.
what do you
say? What
would you say you were in? What city?
Kansas city? Okay. Um So what what is there to do in Kansas city? Okay.
Mr
Okay. Yeah. The uh got the Royals
and you got the cheats? Okay.
Um
Yeah it's crazy. I know
like philadelphia.
The office. Go ahead. I'm sorry
all the players in philadelphia that are playing baseball, they're testing positive and they shut them down so I don't think I don't think sports are going to happen. Yeah.
A.
B. A.
Yeah they do um the gaming you know people play video games and people watch it I guess. Yeah. Okay well so tell me about yourself kelly. Um Are where did you go to school? Are you taking classes? What's your what's your plan?
All right
Are you
have you looked into teaching english as a second language maybe in south America?
Yeah you should look at doing the the central America and Mexico. You can do like one on one tutoring and with your spanish background
you could maybe you know parlay that into a you know a gig and something to look into. Okay.
I teach english as a second language so uh picked my interest. Yeah. And I do I teach in china I teach in china three days a week. Uh And it's it is early for a. M. Is it's four p.m. In china when it's four AM here. Um But uh you know it pays really well uh uh you know I didn't know a lick of of chinese and I'm learning slowly and the kids are very adorable and uh you know that's uh but but I've heard that spanish to english is really popular and there are companies that operate out of like Mexico city in south America. So um some of them look into at least you know. Yeah something.
check it out it's um they're always hiring and there's people you know some people like it, some people get tired of it. I've been doing it for 44 years. Um What I was trying to teach you know in a live classroom in in uh in university but it's just that was the easiest way to get hired. That's what I did. So, so I think about
No,
it's all done, it's all done for you. You you literally um like in the morning I checked my schedule and then I go through the power points, like they have like a 25 slides that you have to get through and you just kind of figure out what you want to do if you want to extend. You know, like if you have if you're doing a lesson on uh you know, fish, you know, I'll put something on my monitor behind me and you know, I can look at the fish or land mammals, I can put an elephant up and you know, kinda show them that um that's kind of what we do just to make ends meet. So and it's portable, you can go anywhere with it really, you know, you can teach on vacation if you want and uh so something to think about so.
All
should look into uh was a long time, I was a headhunter. So like I would always try to match people to their their skill set like I would say okay this is you know something looking to um look into medical transcription because a lot of hospitals that are bilingual need a lot of their things translated from spanish to english. So you could work like remotely as an online translator. Those jobs can be filled um online spanish transcription were like you listen to someone and you you translate in real time. Um That's that's something you can look into. Um try to take us some
other things teaching any type of teaching english as a second language for people trying to learn the language. You could you could establish yourself and get your T. Cell certification. So yeah push for that because there's more there's more out there. Hopefully the economy will rebound and we can all
get back to work so. Yeah.
It's
too
Was it? Mhm.
you do the red making
everybody was making bread back in april and may? Did you make your own bread? Did
you see that?
That's
how
many
hours
how many hours does it take to make a wedding cake? Like is it an all day thing? Could you spend all day on one cake? Mhm.
That's fun.
The torches
that
is
there?
Oh no, start over.
Okay. Okay. I I know when when we got married, a family friend did our cake but it was just like a fancy sheet cake, he didn't hear it but he did make it himself but uh like It was like $2,000 for a wedding cake. 3000 like it was crazy.
Yeah, that's that's what we were quoted. Not not my friends cake, but like when we were trying to cut the cut the
fat out of our budget, that was
expensive, really expensive. Okay so I lost your
picture,
hold on growth. Yeah, can you still hear me? No, you're back. Um So you you were talking about Germany, have you gone to Germany have you visited find out?
Belgium,
yeah,
yeah, I've never,
I've
never
keep going. Okay, mm,
okay, so
now now my, we
don't even have passports, we uh we live, we live in a big city, so we kind of figure now with kids too, you know, it's just too much, but hopefully someday to see Germany and Italy and you know, maybe even further west, but nothing yet, nothing yet, so
so
we're,
where, where have you been? I'm sorry?
how was Japan?
mhm
hmm.
what
happened?
that's
so cool.
Oh, you see what I think of Japan, I think of like Tokyo like, you know, technology and, but yeah you're right the shinto religion and you know the rural farms, it must be so crazy to see how they live, you know?
But here it's very clean in Japan too right? There's not a lot of trash on the streets and
little guy.
It's
so nice.
It makes it makes you think, you know like I I read that they don't really have public trash containers because people go and they take their trash home with them because they don't like it's like their responsibility, it's not the city's responsibility like it's you know, I think that's so cool and they all they all agree to that you know the social contract where they all do it. Amazing. Mhm.
How
long now?
How was the plane
ride?
God What did you do for 12? Did you sleep?
I couldn't do it. I couldn't do 12 hours. I couldn't, I just would go crazy. Uh huh.
Okay. So Japan, I gotta get to Japan. And uh how about Ecuador? What was Ecuador like?
Mhm.
Yeah.
yeah. Yeah, they do a lot of um uh what is it uh peace accord is the peace corps down there in Ecuador? They do like, you know building
uh you know water, aqua fires and stuff like that. Do they do that down there? Okay.
I want to say that like when I was growing up my our church did something with, you know the habitat for humanity. Something did something where it was like, you know, they dug a well or something in Ecuador but just 20 years ago. So you know maybe. I don't know. Well. Well.
Well this was really cool. It's so funny. You meet a stranger for the first time and you just I guess is what they want to see how people converse. You know how they establish conversation. Um This is cool. I set the timer for almost half time. But uh what a nice
uh a nice conversation and I learned a lot about things that I wouldn't even think about. You know and I enjoyed this. I really did and this was cool.
Look into it. The company I work for is called V. I. P. Kid. It's in china but there are so many different ones that do um one on one tutoring.
Um If you get your T. Soul certification teaching english as a second language. Its nominal it's like a couple 100 bucks but that opens the door to be you know and with the spanish background I'm sure you'll find people that want to teach their kids english proper english with a spanish background you can converse and then instruct. So I think you know look into that. What do you do from your home? So that's to lock.
That's
well it's going to be we just have to stick it out a little longer. Right a little bit longer. All right nice meeting you. Goodbye.