can you hear me?
I'm telling
it's next. Yeah
yeah. Nice to meet you. What's your name
like?
Hi
uh I'm in Missouri
Kansas
city so Yeah.
No.
it's honestly a little bit hard to tell because I've been very much staying at home for all of it so sometimes it just feels odd to know that's going on. But I yeah from what I understand we have a lot of people who don't really believe much in it here.
luckily um
here they finally passed a little bit stricter mask ordinances or whatever. So I've gone out to a grocery store a time or two and held a little bit safer about it, but
Yeah. Yeah that's
Yes. Back. Hello?
Right yeah I can still hear and see you. You just froze for like those minutes. That's listen a minute second.
Um Yeah, no kids. I I'm living with my mom right now and uh just No siblings, 30 things, so pretty small family.
Yeah, honestly I was unemployed before this which it really doesn't help in trying to find a job, so I'm on prolific.
but yeah, what about you?
wow, well I'm glad to hear that you're getting online classes and everything, that's great to hear.
that is very good to hear. Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, well I I started out just kind of trying to find ways to make money online, I started out on Mturk and I just had so much trouble getting any momentum there because it was all like many jobs and things and I heard that gets better if you keep going but I was really running out of steam so I found prolific and I'm enjoying it so much more, it's I mean just even the type of surveys that you get, it feels like it's a bit more important and then what, what brand of ziploc bags do you buy?
No.
Yeah, I think it's 15.
Yeah, yeah, this is actually my third time looking out and getting a survey.
yeah, and honestly I'm
loving
this one because you get a little bit social interaction when you're stuck at home and $15 for it. I mean get much better than that.
Uh Yeah, I've been to new york a few times, just like new york city, not the surrounding ST. I know that's a very different thing. Uh and I went to the main one, uh my dad was picking up a player piano so we drove up and had a road trip and it was just nice. Right,
wow. Yeah, I'm kind of lucky that at least I'm in a big city in Missouri so far as the political climate goes but That doesn't
sometimes
and one
Kansas city.
I'm
so cute. None of which and back
business.
Yeah. Which
I'm lucky if I know if there's any sports going but
so
what?
Oh sorry go ahead.
Well maybe we'll get online sports uh
like a fantasy
football that's kind of a sport type thing. Right
Yeah. Well unfortunately not much of a plan at the moment. I I went to university a few years ago and um got
reunion spanish which I barely speak now. Lack of practice. Yeah I used to try to practice, I I worked in a bakery and uh there were some spanish union people around but it is really hard to practice spanish when all you have time for an english or spanish is hi, how are you? Okay? You're gone by so yeah
but
um yeah I thought about it, I didn't think about South America because most mostly it seems like a lot of it's being done in china, which I just wasn't sure if I could get my sleep schedule going, so I could be teaching at five in the morning because of the time difference but but yeah it's still an option and I might look into it.
Well
yeah, I never thought about South America for that, but I'm sorry you said that you're teaching, what do you teach?
yeah, that sounds pretty interesting, I keep going back to the teaching kids in china because that seems to be such a popular one online but
Yeah, yeah, that sounds really interesting. So do you do your own lesson plans for that much or is it
kind of preset?
Alright. Yeah, that sounds, that sounds great. I, I probably should look into it again, it's been a while, but I love the idea of languages, I like I said I got a degree in spanish and unfortunately I don't have much of a way to much
of an interest in anything that keeps me using the language. But since then I started looking into german whole bunch because I just, I love their musical theater, started out on broadway and then found out that Germany, but Like 10 times as before. No, that was interesting, but but it helps a lot and have some music to listen to, I feel because keep some of the language just in my daily life. Hi.
Well,
no,
although even then you're stuck with the whole trying to find a job, not having a clue
what I want to do
that. Yeah, yeah, I worked for five years in a bakery like I said, which was a brilliant job while I was in college because um it was the restaurant owned by some friends of my family, kind of distant friends, but and I fully went from an office job to making full out wedding cakes, which was just brilliant. But
just, that wasn't gonna be a long term thing, there wasn't really anywhere to rise up to in the company, so I decided to work on some real estate stuff with my dad and that didn't quite work out, but I'm getting out of that. And So gold number two is post pandemic number three maybe, but
no.
I
yeah, well it took me forever to get some yeast, it felt like because I was not going to go the sour go route that was way too much effort for me. And, and I didn't know if I had the attention span to not kill it off, but but yeah, I am still making my own bread though. Thank
you. A lot better
than the
store
bought stuff.
um generally it would take multiple days because I make the cake itself one day, which I mean, I I'd be making vats a cake and um like mixer bowl, this big uh then they sit in the fridge, which would help them so much on putting the icing on and ice it the next day. And and it really was, it was so much fun because I got to make like big three tiered wedding cakes. And sometimes I'd get interesting things like I made a Uh baby shower one that had a little pond on it, with Ducks on it. It was uh yes, but it was fun because I love baking and there's just so much variety there, there was a wedding cake then just things for the restaurant like primarily, which I just loved that. I finally got to learn how to make that and uh
they were really
well with
the carrot
cake.
Yeah, well, I I didn't actually do the torch part because that was um then to order, but the rest of it, Yeah, real fun. The first time I ever made it, I was feeling so good about it and it was coming out perfect. And uh I think the containers you fill up really full so I moved so slowly, so carefully to live and slowly put it in, landed in the rest of the way and slopped at all.
What? Yeah. Well luckily most of its state and it was just wipe up and try again job. I was much more careful after that.
He said 2000 and for the cake.
Hello?
I
and
you
No, I haven't. I I would really love to um more Austria than Germany I think. But well generally then I got into trouble because then I think well if I'm going to Austria I should go to Germany because it's right there and then there's uh Sweden and Liechtenstein and colon
and everywhere and Yeah,
and
I don't
think
that please.
And I unfortunately I don't think I could just go and live there for half a year. Mhm. Not not at this point anyway. Mhm.
Have you ever been to europe?
No.
Yeah, I kind of lucked out that I got involved in um some travel programs, people to people in high school, so I I went on several trips through that and that's kind of what started to roll out interest in other cultures
and all that,
but
um first trip was in England Ireland and White House and I always really regretted that it never included Scotland because it was so close, but then I went to Ecuador for one and Japan for another, that was
Oh I think that was my favourite one, it was just brilliant. Uh
The biggest thing about Japan was I just love how their culture is so has such extremes in it, I mean there's all of the super traditional shinto shrines and traditional cultures and architectures and then they're also the society, you know and for anime and pretty extreme modern things like that. And the trip was it was such a
great example of that because we started in a big city, went more and more rural which I never think of Japan and rural got to stay in a farm for a few days and then gradually went back to a big city again. And it
was
it was brilliant. There was this one island that we visited that was um uh intentionally abandoned quite a few years ago. It just, it was to cut off from the rest of society. They didn't have good connections, good medical help so they decided to just get off the island. And since it was intentional they had a giant party left bottles of alcohol piled up like like this high and just left and now it is entirely inhabited by deer Who are very friendly one deer like within five ft of me and just stood there and watched us all.
It was,
it was amazing.
Yeah. It really was because I think that before I went there I was just thinking of it like new york city, how it is basically one giant heap of the city and I I didn't consider the rest of it.
that
that actually was a bit of a problem for me because I got back home and everything just seemed filthy and it was I mean you go to a restaurant and you notice how you there's and yes and something, my first big experience with it was just on the plane ride over and I was sitting next to a Japanese guy who kept his little napkin from the plane to wipe down the tray table. And it's not like you got it dirty or anything. But just that consideration and that was not something that I would have ever even thought about doing unless I made a mess
and
was,
it really was well and,
and something
sorry.
Something.
Oh, that was 12 hours, right?
Yeah. Um, I managed to create a little bit of a phobia of the, of the movie, music and lyrics because it was the only one that I had any familiarity with and I watched your life three times. Yeah,
it was, it was extreme. But yeah.
Oh, I see what you are. It was nice. It,
um,
one of the things that really helped was, it was a people to, people group of high school students. And, but this specific specific trip was for students who had been on a trip before. So I felt like they were a bit more invested in the cultural aspect of it, which I think helped them, but it was really nice, it um the food was amazing. Uh Let me tell you, having a banana fresh off the tree is so different than a story about one because I don't normally like bananas much but that was quite an experience and but yeah wait we went through some big cities, went through some hike, one of which we went through a cave that ended up with water like up to our knees and covered insider. That was horrifying. Yeah.
Well.
Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah,
Yeah I I have some idea and I'd imagine it might shift a bit from country to country over time, but yeah.
thanks.
Yeah. Yeah it's been really nice to talk and uh and thanks a lot for the advice on on the teaching online and stuff. Everything.
What?
All right. Yeah. Thanks. And good luck with
your college teaching and hope that hope that everything stays safe and goes about right.