SPEAKER_L: I want you to dark inconceivable are limited catching up with finishing, finishing with one of those rice in a few minutes and maybe black will come around the bend when you see his face. The moment you see his face you smack with the rock get together. Let's go. Mhm. Where is not very She wasn't get that on purpose, nothing less. So what happens now face each other? Has gotten to do sporting one trips and the weapons frankly. I think the odds are slightly in your favorite and fighting. Thanks and strong. Look, you just fiddling around with me or what? It's I think it is terribly comfortable. I think I want to be wearing them in the future. This one person specializing groups battling gangs for local charities. Doctor, why should that make such a difference? Use different months when you're playing in half a dozen people now you just have to worry about fun. I don't envy the headache. You will have you away. But in the meantime rest well Jamie Black with it was a mighty Two Masters. Mhm. The value of french solo. What? How did it affect the loser? Yeah. Hello? Winner. Someone actually showed up. How does that count, man?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think this is my third time trying it so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's my third to it's kind of funny. How's it going? My name is Evan.
SPEAKER_R: good good
SPEAKER_L: Nate. Nice to meet you. Hold on. Its the volume to working here. Say something
SPEAKER_R: no no
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I'm just saying say something so I can hear if it's loud enough.
SPEAKER_R: something yep. Is that is that better?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was all right. Well where where are you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in michigan right now. Northern michigan.
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: Are you
SPEAKER_L: I am in a
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: plan.
SPEAKER_R: in the same are you in the States?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Atlanta Georgia. Home of the fire riots.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah I heard it's been pretty crazy down there. Um Actually
SPEAKER_L: that's about yeah,
SPEAKER_R: live in Chicago, I'm just gonna visiting up here. Um So you know we had some writing down there you know about a month or so back to so yeah
SPEAKER_L: this year, man. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's been pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good times everybody. Uh I'm uh I'm a stand up comedian so everybody know or stand up comics, nobody knows what to do with their time. Everybody's trying to trying to find something so then these things start happening, everybody's like okay yeah well we should we should do a benefit show, we should benefit show for uh you know Black Lives Matter? It's just like that's it's people we can't we can't gather people in a place like but it's for what it's like got it but uh so maddening.
SPEAKER_R: Do you do any like podcasting or anything like that? Um One of my buddies he's he's a comic do and uh you know I think that's kind of what he's been focusing on you know since you can't do shows.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah everybody like people I know in a bunch of different cities are trying to do a bunch of different things like trying to trying to move online in a bunch of different ways and it's just man it's awkward, it's just it's just so awkward, you know? It's really funny. I like I knew this was gonna happen as soon as they announced that they were gonna we're gonna start doing open mics online, it's like okay are you going to change it? Like because as soon as I heard that I was like, is this going to be a thing where a bunch of amateur comics get up and tell their jokes exactly the same way that they do on a stage because a guy alone in a room reading jokes meant for a crowd of people like pausing for laughter that's not there because there's nobody there and like looking around at an audience that doesn't exist. All that's just weird. That's really weird. And, and it's really off putting and everybody did that just like everybody and this whole time I've just been like, just watch Youtubers, like there's a bunch of Youtubers that basically do
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: a version of stand up, but they just edit the videos in a way that it's not just them in a room just talking to the wall, like super awkwardly. like you can edit things down, cut out ums and ahhs thinking you know like just trying to make it. So it's just funny, funny, funny, funny, funny funny networks. I've been trying to explain that shit to people for like four months. No one understands them and
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think um I watched a couple of SnL's um where they did it without the laugh track. I mean it was still funny, but you know, definitely, you know, without the live studio audience, you know, there was definitely some market moments
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: there too.
SPEAKER_L: kind of liked that. I, I thought with SNL at least like it forced them not to do what they always do, which seem to make them a little bit more creative because they so often fall back into like, you know, repeating sketches
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: until they're not funny and then keeping repeating the sketches until you're just like okay, like enough enough please. But yeah, I don't know. I think that shows the hardest one to do that way. But you know, I don't know that smell is not super funny anyway, you know, it's like anything you do to shake it up, it's probably good. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um have you just kind of been doing all the time or you know, have you had anything to do? Where
SPEAKER_L: no, yeah, just chilling, just playing video games, trying to work on scripts, you
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: know, just,
SPEAKER_R: it is rough?
SPEAKER_L: there's not really like, I don't think, I don't think anybody in my industry is prepared
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: for like what it's gonna, I mean even if even if a vaccine comes out perfectly on schedule, it comes out early in the spring, you know, and things return to normal even if that does happen and there's no guarantee that's going to happen anyway. The comedy clubs are gonna be gone. Like every comedy club in the United States is a horribly run business. They're all owned by like used car salesman that saved up cash money to buy a place to use to cheat people in other businesses. Like I've had so many discussions with club owners where you just realized there like a con man and like the comedy club, it's just like a home base for them to run all their cons out of like they got a basement full of like Amway or something. Like a basement full of all these ridiculous uh, essential oils and candles that are supposed to be like medicine of some
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: kind. And it's like you do this, It's like, yeah, it's a side by side business, we gotta run through out of the club. Okay. And all of them run like in the thinnest margin you could possibly imagine. And they're all going to be out of business. There's gonna be no comedy clips left in the United States by the, by like february. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I feel like there's some of the smaller, you know, kind of amateur comedy clubs that,
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know, I think
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: where a lot of people get their starts.
SPEAKER_L: It's, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, do you ever go to like any, like the bars that just have like an open like comedy night or anything like that or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Atlanta's got a huge comedy scene. We're like, we're the biggest in the southeast and most of the shit like we have, we have four comedy clubs, did have four comedy clubs, two of them have already gone out of business and or two will be gone by february like I said. But yeah, like just open open mic and like book shows at bars, there's probably three at night, six nights a week or at least before they started. There's just a city of bars just everywhere so you know those will be working but those shows don't pay, they pay nothing like they pay you in stage time. But you know it's part of the reason why people like comics like Atlanta, Atlanta is a good place to get up three times tonight every week until you are a better stand up comedian which is great, we'll be dead and starvation long before that.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Have you ever gone to like new york or like even like Chicago? I feel like a lot of people go there because it's just you know like such a big comedy scene.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah I've been in new york and Chicago, Chicago is more of an improviser town, like the improv shows and you know this really, really cool and stuff but there's this weird, almost like half ironic or like half joking sort of push back between stand up comics and improvisers for no reason, like no reason improviser, the nicest people, they're much nicer than stand up comedians yet there's still always this stupid
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: feud going on. It's kind of funny. I don't know, I I didn't notice it as much in Chicago might be more of an Atlanta thing. But yeah, I lived in new york for a little while but it's just it's just repulsive, it's just a gross dirty
SPEAKER_R: happened?
SPEAKER_L: place, you know the comedy, the comedy part of it is great and I get the you know, city that never sleeps part of it, That's that's awesome. But you know I still have a ton of friends that live up there when this when the virus started going around, my friend was talking on the phone being like, I just don't just to understand. I really thought we'd be all right. And I'm just like, you thought new york would be all right. It's like yeah, I mean, you know, and then we're pretty modern city. I'm just like, where are you right now? It's like I'm sitting on my porch was like, perfect, tell me what you see right now. It's like you mean like look around and tell me what you see is like uh cars, buildings, oh my God. Like I see rats, uh cockroaches like what you smell like piss dogs, you go, man, that's all. I mean, I don't know why he didn't grasp this. You live in a garbage dump. It's the growth city I've ever been in. The nicest part of new york is covered in piss like even the most expensive part of town is infested with bugs, you know
SPEAKER_R: I mean with that many people you know packed in there together you know that's not the place you want to be during a pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: man, especially just because it's so unsanitary. Plus they've got a an international airport right in the middle of their city and a subway system. That's so good that it connects the airport to every other part of the city. Like they were just like set up to make this thing to spread. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a good point.
SPEAKER_L: I know several people and move back to Atlanta just to stay with their parents while this is going on soon. Have to pay $2700 a month in rent when they're not working for no reason and like all of them aren't going back because you know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: it makes sense I mean you know if you can't do comedy or you know can't work you know I just when I just you don't go along with your parents.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I just find it so amusing that it's, it's like even if you're even if you're just poor and trying to go like make a make a career in entertainment which means basically at least five years of just no money. You're moving in the most expensive place at least on the coast. I guess san Francisco is probably tiny bit more expensive. But I mean just like most expensive city in the world and then you're just gonna basically be homeless with a place to sleep for like five years while a plague comes in and I was just like no nobody wants to do that. I'm like
SPEAKER_R: I can hear it
SPEAKER_L: what do you do man?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I do software sales um So basically google products, I don't work for google but it's like a reseller um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: basically just you know I work with a portfolio customers and then you know making sure they're happy with the products and then you know looking what other products they could use so not nothing too exciting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it sounds like steady work.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um It is nice. We had to work from home through the end of the year so I can't complain about that.
SPEAKER_L: there's 11 benefit to this whole situation. I think it might be that it's the this is the only kind of situation I could imagine that will show like us companies that half of them don't need office is probably more than half like so many businesses they just run in office because that's what you do and it seems more professional to have an audience office but people are probably working less productively there and you know there's no as we move further and further away from a from a world where it's like I have produced this paperwork and I will hand you this paperwork and then this is the paperwork like you don't have that. What's the point of offices at all? You know? But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: I'm speaking account, I'm a standing committee. I don't know anything but
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's, I mean I feel like I'm just as productive. It's definitely, you know harder sometimes where it's like, you know you have to like paying someone or like give them a phone call where before you can just walk over to their desk and just solve the issue like that. Um But yeah, I definitely see a lot of these companies, you know getting rid of at least some of their office space.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know I worked in an office for a little while a couple of years ago and I'm just I would constantly laugh but I you walk around corners and this guy's vengeance Stranger things. This guy's clearly was looking at porn, saw me approaching and immediately flipped over to another thing. This guy is playing video games, it's like what are we doing? Like what what is the purpose of this? Clearly we all have lots of time and I don't know, it just stuff like that and this drives me nuts. Plus that job was
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: ridiculously.
SPEAKER_R: I think the reason they do it is, you know to kind of keep up and make sure that doesn't happen. But obviously like you said,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know you walk around every corner and you know there's someone you know, watching Youtube or something and then it's kind of like, you know, if we can't manage them in our own office. I mean, you know, why not just let them work from home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've been doing a couple of little gig work things like like the pro left thing and uh the ones that the ones where they just keep you like monitored, just keep your webcam on all the time, constantly monitoring what you're doing, like you're more productive, but you're also like Brassell, like you're so like by the end of the day of just just not knowing whether someone is watching you at all times, I think it made me less productive or at least it made me less effective. It was definitely working the whole time, but I'm working like
SPEAKER_R: Is it is it through olympic? I don't think I've ever done one of love.
SPEAKER_L: this was uh this is for user testing, its user testing and uh another one called validate, li yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I think I've heard of them.
SPEAKER_L: they're they're all right. They're I mean, they're great if you can if you can get into it, like they'll send you emails all day for both of those and you'll just like, you know, you see if you if you qualify for it, they don't they don't threaten anybody out in the process. It's just like you have to go in and then it'll just immediately tell you don't qualify or ask you. You know, incredibly arcane and granular question. Like, do you work with dogs claws? Like what? No, good bye. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well, fad.
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. Mhm. No.
SPEAKER_L: all these little things are cool. It's just like, I feel like I could just find the right combination of them. I never have to work again. I mean, I just work doing this, let's do this shit all day every day. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I think most of them that I find are only like 25 cents or something like that. So I just skip those. But you know, if it's like a higher paying one like this, you know, I'll take them there.
SPEAKER_L: everybody tells me to pick up the mturk that you just have to like that one specifically. You just have to do it and do it and do it. And eventually you get the high dollar ones which are about on par with like the more high dollar ones on prolific uh seems like a lot of work and I like prolific, you know, Let's keep using this one.
SPEAKER_R: It's not bad. is the the amateur. That's the the Amazon one. Right, okay.
SPEAKER_L: My understanding is that it's just like prolific except it's all day and there's first like 100 you have to do or whatever. Pay basically nothing that's like three cents and it takes, you know, two or three weeks to get through those 1st 100 or whatever it is. And then you start getting to 53 75 I think now everyone now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think I'd check that out. But I don't I don't think I got approved. I haven't looked at in a while.
SPEAKER_L: I've been backing off on it just because I do surveys too much. It starts making me feel nuts or something. Like not nuts, but it's like so repetitive and just weird. I don't know, it's about filling out asking, answering these questions all day after a few weeks so that I start getting real punchy. Oh, I get, I don't feel good because we feel drained or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You can't, you can't do more than like, you know, one hour a day for like, you know, over the course of a couple of weeks. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mean it'll just be crazy.
SPEAKER_L: mean I've had to wear like I've had a doctor's appointment that I pay for out of pocket or something like something. I needed like $200 for just like, all right. I'm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: gonna do just this gig work and surveys nine hours a day every day for four days. And then by the end of that, I'm like, I can't do this anymore. I can't, my data has been fully harvested. I'm Dallas, it's
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Do you
SPEAKER_L: pretty funny.
SPEAKER_R: like, do they keep punishing for you? I feel like
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: most of the time I
SPEAKER_L: after
SPEAKER_R: go and
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: check
SPEAKER_L: fight.
SPEAKER_R: and there's like not even a user base.
SPEAKER_L: On prolific. Uh Well do you use the monitor thing?
SPEAKER_R: What's the monitor?
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: I would like
SPEAKER_L: it called?
SPEAKER_R: more vacations.
SPEAKER_L: The prolific assistant. Do use chrome. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There's a, there's a prolific extension that will give you a little update. It will like pop up a little window notification window when there's a new survey. You have to you if you don't use
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: I'm amazed you've got this one because
SPEAKER_R: I have to check that out.
SPEAKER_L: people, people snap it up like instantly. It's literally a thing where it'll, it'll pop up a little notification. You hit it. And just in the time it takes to load up the prolific window. It'll be done a lot of the time. So you just have to be like, And you get a lot though. Like you have to use that assistant thing though because there this is the most popular of all these services that I've used because it's the best one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have to check that out. Um Yeah, you're right. Because sometimes I get emails and I'll just be sitting and like watching it and then I click in, it's like, oh, you know the starting expired?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess everybody is just using that same monitor And then the monitor. No, no it's not. They're not all using the monitor. I figured this out a couple months ago actually there's the one I'm talking about which is the official one from prolific and that one does work but it takes a it's like a minute or 45 seconds after the thing gets like released online. So anybody that gets there before that has first crack at it. So people are using page monitors like the kind of people that that like buy and resell collectible toys and sneakers. They're using that monitor to like scan pages for any change and then they get the update the second it comes online. And I guess so many people do that. That's why it's often like nobody left by the time you get to the thing. It's pretty crazy. I tried to set it up myself, but I don't know something about something about that page monitor thing doesn't seem to work well for me.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it sounds like you can almost do it as like a full time job if you're just like kind of working away at it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think it would be like a full time job just with prolific. But between all of them, you know, there's a lot of good ones. You can put them together and you could make, you could make enough for a part time job. I mean it's always a part time job, but I mean you could probably, I mean if you really, really did it, you could definitely pay a rent somewhere between 12 and $1500 a month between this one. Uh This one called Q. Me.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: You see that one is Yeah. If you actually, I've had nothing but time these last few months, I've just gone through this stuff. Never never que me crowd taps a good one survey junkie is pretty good. It's been called curious cat. Then I use sometimes it's okay. It
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: depends.
SPEAKER_R: you do like that?
SPEAKER_L: I suspect that if I was like black and gay that I would get like shitloads surveys because it really wants to know like,
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: release
SPEAKER_R: 5 1.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, really specific ethnicities and stuff and like white dudes. I think we're probably like the lowest scale. Like there's plenty of white dudes. We know how white dudes feel about things. I got a unique perspective though. Like whatever
SPEAKER_R: correct. Do you do Uber or anything like that? Um Other
SPEAKER_L: drive.
SPEAKER_R: or just do the survey? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, no,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I don't have a car.
SPEAKER_R: Ah Yeah, so you
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: must
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: like downtown Atlanta. Right,
SPEAKER_L: I'm in the north Atlanta suburbs. It was, it was in downtown, but uh mm everything everything around here. I mean, I guess it's like this everywhere, but like uh spent the last few years basically like getting chased out of areas because I smoke inside and then moving to a new area where they're like yeah it's totally cool you can smoke inside. And then like the leasing agent like smoked a cigarette smoke inside with you. Everybody smokes it's fine. And then like two years later it's like we sold the complex. It's a no smoking policy. US $7,000 in damages. What what are you talking about? Like pay it now. I gotta go
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like me You'd
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: think that the obvious thing would be to quit smoking. But
SPEAKER_R: can't do it.
SPEAKER_L: like smoking life is so un enjoyable now if you have something you enjoy I'd say keep doing it. And you mentioned you die just from going to the grocery store. That might as well just keep smoking because this is gonna kill me. What in 20 years or something. I might not make it through the summer. But hold on this.
SPEAKER_R: you are, does Atlanta have like a good public transportation? Everyone's kind of told me that's like, you know, you have to have a car there.
SPEAKER_L: You kinda do. Yeah I I had one but transmission died but uh, yeah, our, our public transportation, I know it's pretty good in Chicago rent.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: I think. I remember most of the comics I knew in Chicago don't have cars. Yeah. Now here it's like we have two rail lines. It's just that and like Atlanta is a huge city. So like, you know, you got this, you got bus lines but are we have traffic problems. He's not designed very well. It was burned down twice and then rebuilt sort of at random. So our civil engineering is all messed up. So you're now like you can get wherever you need to go, but you have to leave about three hours early unless you're specifically on somewhere it's going on the train line and yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: that's that's rough if it took me three hours to get
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: somewhere, I just wouldn't go syndrome.
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of a thing. But you know, it is what it is. Cars are getting cheaper and cheaper and especially with everything that's going on now, I'm hoping that a couple months, you know, we just started going in clearance on the 2017 Cars. Like you just need to come and take it. I saw actually a commercial saturday for a car dealer. It was like really ramming home the fact that you don't have to come in that like they'll sell you a car and they'll bring it to you and bring it to your house and I'll give you money, take it and like all the seven just like man deals are getting real desperate. I think we're about six months away from them paying me to take a look.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's a, a carbon A or whatever that is. Yeah, that's pretty bright point now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: everybody keeps telling me to take those Uber deals, you know, drive for Uber and get a car, pay it off as you drive the car. It's not a good deal though. I looked at the fine print, it's real bad. You're paying like 25% on that car, you're never going to pay it off and you're ruining it by driving Uber and they're already cars. So it's just like,
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: I feel bad.
SPEAKER_R: couple of bodies that look into it and basically you're just kind of assigning your life over to Uber. So like if you don't want to get you basically can't quit and then you're on the hook for the car. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: And a lot of these guys, you know, I see them because I ride over everywhere. So like, you know, they'll show up in like a new Lexus. I'm like, did you, is this part of that program? Like, yeah man, you're gonna get a new car wash, get Alexis and like, because you're, you just sold your life to Uber for that Lexus and Lexus, you know, they're nice, but they break down all the time. They're actually not that reliable, like luxury cars, you have to take it to a luxury auto shop to fix it and that's insanely expensive. All the parts have to be ordered from overseas and stuff like That is the worst car you could, but you're working for like $6 an hour, man. I mean I get it and everyone's nice thing.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. All right. Do you have the time around? I think we're coming up on.
SPEAKER_L: it's 28 minutes. We are, we are good to go. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Cool. All right, man. Well, it's been real,
SPEAKER_L: man, it's been fun talking. Have a nice,
SPEAKER_R: luck.
SPEAKER_L: uh, have a nice
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: weekend, nice week and uh, keep yourself safe,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, take it easy.
SPEAKER_L: cheers man.