yeah I think this is my third time trying it so.
good good
no no
something yep. Is that is that better?
Um I'm in michigan right now. Northern michigan.
Are you
are you
in the same are you in the States?
Yeah yeah I heard it's been pretty crazy down there. Um Actually
live in Chicago, I'm just gonna visiting up here. Um So you know we had some writing down there you know about a month or so back to so yeah
yeah it's been pretty crazy.
Do you do any like podcasting or anything like that? Um One of my buddies he's he's a comic do and uh you know I think that's kind of what he's been focusing on you know since you can't do shows.
but
yeah I think um I watched a couple of SnL's um where they did it without the laugh track. I mean it was still funny, but you know, definitely, you know, without the live studio audience, you know, there was definitely some market moments
there too.
What?
Yeah, it's um have you just kind of been doing all the time or you know, have you had anything to do? Where
what
it is rough?
No.
And
I feel like there's some of the smaller, you know, kind of amateur comedy clubs that,
you
know, I think
where a lot of people get their starts.
I don't know, do you ever go to like any, like the bars that just have like an open like comedy night or anything like that or?
mm. Have you ever gone to like new york or like even like Chicago? I feel like a lot of people go there because it's just you know like such a big comedy scene.
What
happened?
I mean with that many people you know packed in there together you know that's not the place you want to be during a pandemic.
Yeah that's a good point.
it makes sense I mean you know if you can't do comedy or you know can't work you know I just when I just you don't go along with your parents.
I can hear it
Um So I do software sales um So basically google products, I don't work for google but it's like a reseller um
basically just you know I work with a portfolio customers and then you know making sure they're happy with the products and then you know looking what other products they could use so not nothing too exciting.
Yeah. Um It is nice. We had to work from home through the end of the year so I can't complain about that.
Yeah, I mean,
I mean it's, I mean I feel like I'm just as productive. It's definitely, you know harder sometimes where it's like, you know you have to like paying someone or like give them a phone call where before you can just walk over to their desk and just solve the issue like that. Um But yeah, I definitely see a lot of these companies, you know getting rid of at least some of their office space.
I think,
I think the reason they do it is, you know to kind of keep up and make sure that doesn't happen. But obviously like you said,
you know you walk around every corner and you know there's someone you know, watching Youtube or something and then it's kind of like, you know, if we can't manage them in our own office. I mean, you know, why not just let them work from home.
Is it is it through olympic? I don't think I've ever done one of love.
Okay. I think I've heard of them.
Well, fad.
That's funny. Mhm. No.
Yeah. I mean, I think most of them that I find are only like 25 cents or something like that. So I just skip those. But you know, if it's like a higher paying one like this, you know, I'll take them there.
It's not bad. is the the amateur. That's the the Amazon one. Right, okay.
I think I'd check that out. But I don't I don't think I got approved. I haven't looked at in a while.
Yeah. You can't, you can't do more than like, you know, one hour a day for like, you know, over the course of a couple of weeks. I
mean it'll just be crazy.
What?
Mhm. Do you
like, do they keep punishing for you? I feel like
most of the time I
go and
check
and there's like not even a user base.
What's the monitor?
I would like
more vacations.
Yeah.
Of
the,
I have to check that out.
Yeah. I have to check that out. Um Yeah, you're right. Because sometimes I get emails and I'll just be sitting and like watching it and then I click in, it's like, oh, you know the starting expired?
I mean it sounds like you can almost do it as like a full time job if you're just like kind of working away at it.
And
do
you do like that?
people
are
5 1.
correct. Do you do Uber or anything like that? Um Other
or just do the survey? Yeah.
No.
Ah Yeah, so you
must
be
like downtown Atlanta. Right,
And
no,
can't do it.
you are, does Atlanta have like a good public transportation? Everyone's kind of told me that's like, you know, you have to have a car there.
Yeah. Yeah, that's good.
that's that's rough if it took me three hours to get
somewhere, I just wouldn't go syndrome.
Oh yeah, that's a, a carbon A or whatever that is. Yeah, that's pretty bright point now. Mhm.
I've
couple of bodies that look into it and basically you're just kind of assigning your life over to Uber. So like if you don't want to get you basically can't quit and then you're on the hook for the car. Oh,
Cool. All right. Do you have the time around? I think we're coming up on.
Cool. All right, man. Well, it's been real,
luck.
No.
Yeah, take it easy.