Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. It yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it is.
Uh huh Oh hi Oh I can't hear what you're saying. Mm hmm.
Yeah, it sounds like like a robot. I can't understand anything.
Okay. Yeah.
Mhm. Then they Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hello? It still sounds the same kind of like a robot.
I can't understand what you're saying, I can tell you're talking but I don't know what you're saying. It's
Mhm. Mhm. Can you talk without the headset?
I can hear, I can't understand anything you're saying. It just sounds like like a robot. The Mhm Okay.
Yeah, I can hear you now. Yeah,
I can hear, I can hear now but before I couldn't understand anything.
Oh yeah, I hope. Well
I was just
leaving.
I was just leaving when you came.
It's okay. I was trying to trying to reset. Okay, I'll set I'm studying my timer so we know when 25 is up.
Oh yeah you're in it,
yeah you're in a different time zone.
I'm in texas.
Uh No wonder it's so sunny in the background and green.
No we barely ever get rain.
It's
so hot. It's been in the upper 90s but it's just it's miserable here in the summer. I don't know how florida is
but
yeah it's not great here but I've only done this once before and the last person that I did it with, he um He was like maybe five miles away from me,
so close. So I was I thought I didn't know if they just always paired you up with somebody you know in your area so Yeah.
That must yeah, must have been since you're not in my area, so I didn't, you know, I kind of thought maybe somebody like, you know from my area I would talk to so because they
don't
do that.
That's weird though.
And we I know we were both surprised.
I couldn't believe it.
I've been doing prolific maybe about
a month, so yeah.
Oh, it's the only service I even know about. So my niece has told me about.
I like, it says you can do it up to six times.
yeah, I'm not sure exactly how it works,
but
Uh huh. Yeah, I was just looking out the window
so. Mhm. Mhm.
Actually not so I don't know.
Yeah, I guess it depends on the situation. Maybe just waiting in line is what I don't like. Maybe that's what makes me a patient. I don't know.
Yeah, probably so, but I don't know. So are you are you in school?
Isn't it hard
to teach
programming on the over the web?
Thanks.
Yeah. It seems like it would be a hard thing to teach online. Like it would be more hands on.
Is it online because of Covid or just it's online anyway.
Yeah, I have,
I have two in college and this whole online thing is,
I guess nobody's really that happy with it. So I
they're twins.
They're
twins and they share an apartment together. So they kind of, you know, are there to, I guess help each other pretty much. So
luckily luckily I am pretty lucky that they're both uh huh. High achievers.
They make really good grades and never have to worry about like
are they going to do their work
or something
stuff?
scholarships,
scholarships,
all of that kind of thing. So yeah,
that part's really lucky. But I know
that
the
online,
yeah the online school. I know they don't care for it too much.
Yeah I think I would mess up your college experience. I don't know just
everything
here's
yeah everything here is open except some bars maybe are still closed and some movie theaters are closed but some
are open but really not much is closed anymore but we're still getting cases every day so I don't know if it's working so
yeah every time and it's annoying every time you have like a dry throat and you cough everybody's like panicking
you have
it.
So yeah I still try to not go out unless it's something you have to do. There's really no much you know you can't congregate in big groups. You can't there's not a lot of things you can really you know I really do.
Better grocery store.
No
no I'm there.
What makes why is it so good? What's it makes it better?
Our big chain here is a KGB and it's um from san Antonio so it's everywhere in texas. Yeah.
I don't think they're outside texas.
we have a lot of things that are just texas. Texas is pretty um proud of its state. We have like a restaurant called a fast food restaurant called water burger and it is so.
Well
really I didn't think they had any outside texas I guess. Uh Maybe they oh here
everybody
eats
at water burger. No one eats
out like a Mcdonald's
or burger king. Uh
Yeah we even have in and out but nobody I don't know why that, I don't know why people
in California thinks that's like the best ever. You know I was reading gossip magazines, celebrities that are eating. There are uh huh
You know, I think we have like three of them in our city. Of it there completely overrated. Right?
If I'm gonna eat fast food. Um, I think that would probably yes. What a burger if I was gonna choose.
Yeah. I'm surprised that there's one in florida that shocks
me.
So are things like Disneyland or Disneyworld open.
So every,
I mean, I'm sure they're a big employer. So do all those people still have their jobs that work there?
Yeah, I was, I wonder if they still do things like the parade or you know the things where a lot of people are to come together
so they're not, I want, you know, I was thinking probably all those people probably might have lost their job. It seems like that would be a really big employer for your, your or whatever. I don't know how far Orlando is from Miami.
So do you
go,
you go
there
often since you're not that far away,
they have so Disney
has its own college.
Oh it's, he just goes to school in the same town. Oh
I got it. Okay, he's not like training
for
Disney
career or something,
Got it.
mm
No, I've been to the one in California but I have never been to the one in florida.
I was, I was little, I don't really, I don't
really remember it. I grew up overseas so I grew up in Tokyo and we had a Disneyland in Tokyo.
So I went there, I went there not regularly but you know occasionally, so I have that one a lot of times, but.
Oh my gosh, I can't believe you went to china
then you can,
you came back unscathed.
Did you like japan?
okay.
You
know, I loved, I loved living there, I went to middle school and high school, so I was there for a while. So do you speak,
my dad worked for IBM so
they moved us, they moved us there. What do you speak Japanese?
Do your parents?
Well that's
too bad that
you didn't learn, you could have had three languages under your belt.
I think it's hard, it's hard to learn when you're not, Japanese was easier to learn because I, you know, was there heard it every day,
thought
every
day it was, but I think, you know here I tried to learn spanish and it was even though it's not the hardest language, it's just it's so much harder than living somewhere. And you know
I have
to tell you though, knowing japanese is not worth much, there's not a lot of interest in like translators are I mean at least in texas you know or there's very few people that you would ever interact, you know interact with or so it hasn't been, hasn't been very useful, right? But then again
I didn't
yeah I didn't learn to I guess in California or somewhere probably you would
but oh well he can't hurt to know it I guess.
Hopefully it's not taking up too much room in my brain, I don't know.
Plus
yeah it's cool. I tried to when Arabic for a little while but that one was, the pronunciation is just so difficult. So.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So
uh no the um my husband was is well is from Tunisia. Yeah.
Well I mean you know it they were I guess it's a tiny. I don't know if you know tiny country in North africa but they were owned um owned they were 100 french rule until like 1956. So it's like half french half you know so he speaks so he and his family speak french so I knew a lot of french but so I would converse with them in that way. But you know I couldn't talk to other people. So yeah so if people knew if people knew french some people don't know both languages there. So I mean like his grandparents are his but I mean he can translate for stuff like that so so I tried to learn but it was just really the pronunciation is really difficult and I kind of don't really love the sound of the language. It sounds like it's very harsh, it sounds like everybody's fighting. And I always think I always have
asked,
you know, I always
have
to ask
how
you got your
fighting,
like what are you doing? You have an argument. He's like, no. So it's difficult for
me to tell just, I guess the way they emphasize the words, it's very hard. Languages don't really almost not be my thing. They don't come super easy. So
I think a lot of americans don't speak two languages when I mean when I lived overseas, um, I went to an american school, but there were Maybe 52 different countries there. So Yeah, and considering, you know, my class was like 200 people, that's, you know, a good chunk would be, you know, everybody else. So everybody spoke another language except for the americans. So it was kind of a wake up call that everyone knew at least at least two languages except for the kids from America. And that kind of sucks. But I guess in europe and other places there's so much closer to each other.
And I play this stupid video game. I have no idea how I got into the stupid game. And it but it's like a lot of you know we all international and everybody almost everybody can speak
english. Yeah, I could never speak. Um I think there's a
lot of people like from India and Pakistan that play and
it's
called pub G. Like players unknown back.
Yeah I played,
I play that mobile one. I don't know how um somebody told me and I played with him and then I just kept playing and it's so ridiculous. I have no idea. I like never even played video games and now to be like old lady and playing video games so embarrassing. You never want to tell people kids think it's so
embarrassing.
But
I don't know. Yeah just stuck. I mean I suck I'm not good at it but it's just fun.
Yeah it takes I think some people that's like their job,
that's their
life or something, they just They're playing 24/7
I don't know
that that's like their job or something.
Mm I mean we haven't we you know a playstation but I never I never played really any of those things so I don't know it was just one of those weird
things
that. Uh huh.
Yeah. So who would have known who could have guessed that you'd end up right from the app?
Yeah. Normally I like more calm activities like I like to read or I like you know really watch them.
Yeah there's like 100 that get dropped off the plane every time so
but still fun so until it stops being fun or I guess if I too much stuff to do then it's just fun meeting I guess talking with the other people too. So
what?
that's
true. They take it seriously unless you're a girl. There's not a lot of girls I think they cut
you some
slack.
they pretty much, I don't think girls like that too much because yeah I don't come across a lot of them and they forgive girls easier for being bad, messing up their score I guess. I don't know. So what kind of dog do you have
Does she mean
I guess pit bulls always get a bad rap you know
the people I know
that
have
pit bulls all of them say their pets really nice so I don't really know why everyone.
my
sister when
she went to adopt a dog at the shelter, she said that it was like more than half pit bulls. I don't know if that's you know a local thing or I don't know but it's there was she said there were just most of the dogs were.
She did, she got one but I think it's half you know it doesn't really all the way and
and he's like
so
silly so I don't I don't know if that's how the bulls are but he's not aggressive and he's not you know he's he never gets tired. So
yeah and he loves to swim so they have a pool and every time you go swimming he'll go swimming with you like he doesn't miss a chance to swim.
Yeah. No, no it's pretty fun.
No, I have a cat and
um she wouldn't accept a big dog. She would be fine with a little dog because my
sister also has a chihuahua and
she brings the chihuahua when she comes
to visit me because it's smaller than my cat. You know she's not threatened to buy it at all. But I think if she was around the big dog she really get angry.
But my sister has two cats and the dog really
occasionally he'll mess with the cat trying to play. But I mean it's the dog has never tried to harm the cat or so I don't know. I don't know where the rumor comes from that they want blood and all this other stuff. I haven't seen it but it's
thing.
Which is
people have
also
not
fighting
Well we're at are actually now we're at 27 minutes. So.
Well it was nice talking with you. I'm glad you got your headset fixed so we can eat. Get $17.
Okay.
Yeah. Well it was nice talking to you. Mhm.
You never know since this is just random. And now I have four more left. So you never know,
pardon?
Amanda and yours?
well maybe see you again
on here.
Bye.