Yeah and then
Mhm
As a man. Uh huh
Uh huh I don't know what
Yeah. Mm Just words. Mhm
What? Watch out. Uh huh
Yeah, control changing. Let me share. Don't do something stupid.
What about now? Is it better an hour?
Oh no way. The 1000. I'm not sure what happened because it was working. I did the survey two days ago as well and it was working fine, but
Okay. Okay. Well hopefully it doesn't cut out again like I was doing.
but I guess that start off by apologizing. I'm late.
I'm a little
bit
oh my gosh, I was watching tutorials, basically some homework and then I realized the time and I was like, oh shoot. Uh I'm glad you were waiting. Sorry about that.
Right now it is 118, so like at one
orange one?
Oh yeah, where are you from?
Uh huh. Oh nice, nice. I'm in uh Miami florida. I'm in florida.
Yeah, Eastern time. It's not raining today, luckily, but it's been on and operating all the time.
Oh, wow. Is it very hot over there too,
or?
no,
I would say it's the same right now, it's lower 90s, but it gets very hot, especially in the summer and it's very humid here too, so it's just, it's very you got very sweaty all the time. Yeah.
Five miles,
That's it. I feel like that's a coincidence. I've only done this once as well and they they paired me up with someone in Minnesota, so I don't think it's by like a close location. I don't think they period. I think it was just coincidence.
five
miles
is
that's very close. So that's very weird.
I'm even surprised for you guys. Yeah. Uh
Yeah, that's crazy. Are you doing this with prolific or? I asked me too. Me too. That's a full service. I All right.
probably.
This is one of the better serve a zika on there. So I guess you came at a good time.
I'm saying surveys like this particular this webcam in one they paid pretty well for. So yeah, normally you just got like maybe like a dollar to dollar surveys, but this one is like potentially 17. Uh huh. This happened.
Yeah, I'm gonna definitely thank God you're waiting because I don't think if I missed this one, I don't think I would have been able to do it again. So
No,
me neither. So I'm grateful you were waiting.
Very
patient. Okay. Uh huh.
Uh huh. I got lucky then.
The comfort of your home, it's different I guess.
Mhm. Okay. Um Well I was doing university and I took a break from that, I was almost finished but I ended up deciding, taking your break and I found a virtual school. So I've been doing guy, it's like all online but it's a school so we'll get on like zoom meetings and like webcam chats and so it's like a legit school and it's pretty great, it's for computer programming. I'm doing that and I think it's awesome. I don't even know if I'm going to go back to university because I was doing engineering before and I don't know if I'm gonna end up finishing, I may finish if I don't find a job after the school. But I fell in love with programming, that's
definitely
my thing now.
Okay. Right. I mean, surprisingly it's not because so what like, like we do have lectures every now and then and they have like, like where we meet up with an instructor every two days I believe. And then it's not as hard as you think and I love this school because it's all hands on work. It's not like studying by the books. Like we're like every homework assignment is a project, so we have to like resort to the documentation online and stuff. I've learned a lot. So it
may be hard to teach, but they're doing a very good job.
It's definitely very hands on. But this school managed to make everything hands on, so that's pretty good.
It's just online anyways. So yeah,
the university before wasn't online.
Horrendous. Right.
I mean it depends, you just need like that world power, like you like, it's easy to get distracted when you do everything online. So maybe find like a local library or something, so you have like a place to study and then
I don't
know.
That's awesome. That's great.
I don't know.
You're
not
there
get on there but about it. Yeah.
That's great
though.
nice.
So it
sounds
like
they have a bright future ahead of them.
right. Right. It's definitely it's very different.
Well there's that too, especially well just Covid in general because you can't do everything you were able to in college. Well now that we're here in florida are here in Miami at least it cleared up. So we're in Face Three and they already opened up everything
so
I don't know about over there.
True.
Sam. Same here. Same here. What
Social
distancing,
Social, different thing.
I mean me I've been like I hang out with a few friends at a time but I don't go out partying anymore even if there wasn't Covid I don't think I'll be partying anymore. I already had my fun in college so. Uh Yeah I mean I go to public like once twice a week but I always had the water mask. Their drive
publics. Yeah. You don't have a publix over there.
No way.
Oh yeah it's a it's an amazing grocery story. I love it.
So they have a publix deli and they make the best sandwiches there and I get that like once a week. Yes.
H G. B. I've never heard of that one.
Yeah definitely not here. But
Oh we have that, we have turned up in Tallahassee, so northern florida. They actually have a water
burger.
they had
a water burger
there.
Brown
today.
whatever. It was pretty good. I had a couple of times.
Nothing.
Yeah I've heard the same uh buzz burger. I've never had it so I can't really speak too much of it.
Do you prefer water rigor?
Yeah definitely. Okay, that's cool.
there
is. There is
yeah. Uh They have been open. I'm pretty sure they have like a bunch of restrictions and stuff and probably like a certain amount of limit, like a limit of how many people can go but
they are open.
Mm I don't know maybe they had to let some go but for the most part since it's open I'm sure many people have still have their jobs there
right that the car was done through that right now
Yeah it's about four hours. But yeah I'm like very south southern florida. Uh Yeah it's got to be a big employer
that
there
thief
honor.
Um Well my little brother actually studies there at the college there and yeah it's called U. C. F. So I mean I'll go every now and then like pick them up or just hang out for a little bit but other than that I haven't liked I haven't gone to the theme park in years.
No.
Well it's not Disney's college but it's like the college of Orlando.
exactly.
No not
at Disney
College.
No no no no
wait give me a second I'm gonna let my dog out of the way. Mhm. All right.
So yeah. Have you ever been there now? Yeah. Yeah
How is that?
affecting.
Tokyo
Nice. That's awesome. I went to Tokyo actually right before corona virus started. Yeah, we went onto Saint constant and we went all over Japan. The bullet train. The shinkansen. Yeah. So we went from like say the city, it was pretty cool. We went to there and china.
Yeah, we went,
I went on my family.
it was before everything happened, I was nice to know. We were all nice and help you. So yeah,
that's good. I did I actually have some family there. So I'm part of japanese. Yeah.
Yes.
So
And why, why? How come you were over there? Just parents live there.
necks.
Oh no, I don't at all. My little brother's learning it, but I don't see jane, I don't speak it at all.
I think my dad does, my mom doesn't, but she's, it's my dad's side, that's japanese, Brazilian, japanese. So I know he speaks Portuguese, japanese, I'm not too sure.
Maybe
bit.
Yeah, I know some spanish, some Portuguese and english of course. Uh huh Not too much of the others.
you grew
up
there.
definitely. Yeah. Actually the best way to learn languages, just go and move and then live there for a living. I feel like you end up learning the language
wherever.
that's
tactics. That's like the most american state.
Yeah, maybe maybe a little more,
no.
Uh huh. No, I'm sure you're buying but I
feel like it's a cool language, man.
I can imagine. Uh huh Thanks.
Thank
you.
Why, why would you want to learn Arabic, you were going to Middle Eastern or something or?
They might as well give it a shot.
To
me that's what that's what I think about a german like Germany looks like a strong language,
it's
like
the
accent
with
john
All
Right. I mean I know it's easier to learn when you're younger, when you get older as you get older it gets tougher to learn languages but think about it's like a whole new world learning a new language. Uh
Yeah sure. Well I mean I know I'd say like a majority of other countries speak english so mary, maybe it's not all our fault since we can just converse in english.
speak
What?
What video game is if you
don't mind me asking?
Oh yeah I played that on on the mobile version before
it Takes the Battle Royale in.
That's cool.
That's cool.
Yeah I think it's funny. Yeah it's funny.
Practice,
don't
you?
That's
like all video games so they always have those gamers out there that they're like crazy good. It's not even fun playing with them.
Yeah. Yeah there's a bunch of like in all video games it's like that I feel like
difficult
problem.
Very random.
burning up.
I'm just kind of intense it's kind of intense poverty because you like you are when you're with the team but like Eur Europe against like what like 50 like 100 teams or something like that.
Yeah. That's intense.
Yeah when I I only played like a couple of rounds really but I always got like hispanic people and there would always be like get mad at me and stuff. It
was pretty funny. I don't know, they just took the game like serious and I guess I wasn't like good at
them.
to
to
it's not me, it was like a boot came for me. It was in France.
What so she's definitely a mix. Um I'd say part boxer, part Pit bull, she's outside right now. I would show it, show it to you but she's not tired.
No, she's a very friendly dog. I mean sometimes when like if another dog comes over feel like got a little too close to them and stuff and like jump on them but she's not moving, she doesn't bite or anything.
Okay. Yeah, I definitely have a bad rep for that, but
she's
not
aggressive at all.
I feel like that's like back in the day, like because now I know so many people with pimples. I feel like it's more accepted now. Uh huh. Yeah. She's not aggressive at all, so
she's
girl.
And she didn't want a pit bull.
Yeah. My dog is.
Thank
you.
Maybe she's part boxer. That sounds like my dog.
that's awesome. That's awesome.
Do you have a dog yourself for now?
The terrifying.
What?
Cook?
All
No. Yeah, probably.
Yeah,
I feel
I guess, but
because um,
people will use
proposal
ignore
inside like a illegal activity of dog fighting and stuff. That's probably I feel like that's where I came from. All
Oh, thanks. Thanks.
God. Yeah. Glad you're waiting. Oh,
that was quick.
Um, maybe I'll run into some sometime. I don't know.
I want to the neighborhood.
What was your neighborhood?
Okay. I'm Nico. So Nicholas. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Have a good day, Amanda.