Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Of course. Mhm. If you think people are. Mhm. Thank you you have got to get Mhm. Yeah. Crystal. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah jesus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah.
Hello?
Yeah.
Have you done this before?
Three times as well. Uh huh.
It's
you do not like it or?
Well I guess don't be that nervous. I'm not really. Yeah I'm just here to make $15.
Uh Oh well no no no it's £10.
so
I'm pretty sure yeah it's $15. But um in in in terms of pounds it says like just 10 but converted to dollars. It's good.
it seems um like the surveys have been slow but yeah like I don't know I like this or it seems like really quick or not it's not quick. Obviously it takes up 25 minutes but like once you're done it's like sure guaranteed. 15 bucks.
Yeah. Yeah that's true. Um Are you from the U. S. Or?
I'm in California.
I'm
probably
okay. Got it. That's way south. Okay. I'm in L. A. So um But yeah
it's super hot here right now
I think.
yeah. Yeah well yesterday it reached 105 where I am so. Yeah
but I'm I'm sure like Arizona's a lot hotter.
cool
off.
Did you fly out or
tribe?
um I have I just don't remember what I did.
Yeah
I I do remember the heat.
Yes I went. Well I don't really remember because when I went to the Grand Canyon it was with my family when I was really young so um I can't recall.
Got
it.
What made you move to Arizona?
don't have, you don't have to share if you don't want.
Yeah, I'm sure they do actually.
I
mean what other? Yeah.
Got
it,
got it, got it, mm hmm.
It was really bad. That's good.
That's good.
It's all right. Yeah, it's a mix. Yeah,
No,
I well, I do, but I don't have any dogs of my own. Um My girlfriend just got cats because um you know, she has more time during the quarantine.
Yeah. So uh and and we don't live together just yet, but you know, I visit her on the weekend so I like help take care of them.
Yeah, yeah, she got to, so actually she fostered them as kittens,
but
yeah, and then they were too darn cute too, like she didn't want to give them up
so
she basically foster failed.
I see.
that's sort of funny. Um wow. Um So they're not yours the front,
but you take help, help take care of them
I
guess,
Did they give you lots of trouble? Mm hmm.
that's to say the least. Yeah.
caught it.
All
Luckily for me, no, um I work in the tech, well not tech industry per se, it's not like high tech, like silicon Valley, but I'm the programmer so I can work remotely. Um But it I'm sort of affected in that my company is not doing so hot, so who knows? Yeah. Um
I mean, I hope I can keep my job for a little while longer so.
I know I think I mean I definitely so like visiting my girlfriend. I have to like drive in L. A. There's a lot of traffic but during the quarantine it was like it was good because there's like no traffic but just last weekend like it was back to normal so there's a ton a ton of traffic already. So I think people are already returning to their daily life.
Yeah exactly and I get it like I'm getting sort of restless a bit too. But I don't know I don't know the numbers or whatever on.
Yeah who knows? So.
I mean
I see. Yeah I mean it's like as long as everyone stays safe I guess like we can do our normal things like I guess we'll so like I've been to have you ever seen like in asian countries um they normally wear masks
anyway and I was like you know, coming from America when I visited I was like that uh like it's just not usual, it's just not so I wouldn't say it's like socially acceptable here on the norm. It's only people do it obviously out of necessity because of the pandemic. But it's interesting if like we'll adopt that sort of mindset like oh when you're sick, wear a mask to like project others or something.
I mean for for right now I understand because it's like apparently they don't know too much about it and like young people or I've seen um a mutual friend like post about how their mom and dad actually passed away which is sad and then like their brother who's not old also passed away or like seemingly healthy. So it's sort of almost scary, but at the same, yeah, like obviously you don't know, it's gonna, it can happen to you until it happens, I guess. So. Yeah, I guess my
Going
out there.
Oh, I see. Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's like the uh, anecdotal experience. Sure.
I don't know. Like, yeah, I wouldn't call it Oh, that believable. I mean like our meaning like, um me just because I don't know someone who has, it doesn't mean it doesn't exist I guess. I wouldn't think that way, but I can see. Yeah, it's like it doesn't, yeah, it gets you wondering like doesn't really exist. Yeah, I agree.
Um Yeah, I especially worry about, I mean, even though it can affect anyone apparently at any age, I sort of worry about my parents, but they seem to be like doing, going about their day like going out and about. I mean obviously with their masks but yeah.
I see.
Mm What interesting. So since like they don't let her out at all or
tiger.
interesting.
So
Um so while it was going on, I guess they just brought food to her, wow,
that
seems, yeah, it seems like a prison then.
I see.
Yeah. Got it. Uh yeah, I'm born and raised from in L. A. So my parents are also here. Um and I guess I worry about a few years into the future. I hope they are still healthy and I don't need a like I quit my job or something to take care of them or um
you
Yeah.
Thank
you.
Whoa.
Mhm.
You
know.
You know?
probably.
yeah, you're fine. I don't mind. Yeah. It's
just
No, no, no,
I don't have a big screen, but on my laptop, I mean it just takes up my window, but it's whatever
I don't mind. It's like, yeah. Yeah.
Do you have any other like interests or hobbies?
Got it. Um Does the older one like or like show them so the little ones around or
what not?
I see,
So much
about
me.
No.
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you do her a bath after
or?
Yeah. Yeah, I see. I see. And then how do you like clean the floor efficiently or?
That's very nice. I mean, yeah, for what it is. Yeah,
interesting.
That's funny. Uh like it reminds me of um so we're currently training um the two kids, the two kittens we have
to like, have you seen kittens use the toilet?
So that's so that's sort of what we're trying to make them or like train them to do. So we bought this like insert which goes into the toilet and like there's multiple stages.
yeah. Yeah. Okay. So so that's basically what we're trying to do and um overnight, like because they're still young, we we set up the bathroom such that like it's their room basically. So overnight we'll close the door to the bathroom and like put some food there, obviously food water and then the little insert and like forced them to stay in there the bathroom so that they know like that's where the toilet is and like that's where the little insert with the little errors. But and so when I was like taking pet sitting for like one of these uh two weeks ago, um like every morning I would just wake up to poop smeared like everywhere and I'd be like, I have to clean up
like
and
then.
Yeah exactly and but it's like semi cute but somewhat frustrating because like you put enough litter, you'd think that okay, so one of the kins like digs up a lot, like he just digs digs digs. Um So he makes a mess like even though I put enough litter, it's like why why do you need to dig so much? This enough litter anyways.
I think both actually. He
he perhaps.
Yeah so he's silly but uh you know it would be cute because uh but frustrating because like there'd be little poop pop prints everywhere. It's like you said, why did you step in your own crew? Um
Yeah, definitely because um I think, well I don't know about definitely, but most likely because they're I think they're young and I think they'll pick it up. Um They're they're sort of picking it up already, so like the first stage is to have the little insert but not on the toilet directly. So they got that stage down and then the next stage we're on is like putting the insert on top of the toilet so that they have to like sort of jump up onto the toilet and so that's where they're still at slash maybe struggling a little bit. Um But I think they'll eventually get it since they're so young. Yeah, it's like human stuff is like all they really known actually. So
Exactly. Exactly and and and so Grace is my girlfriend's name. She she was actually inspired by her old coworker. So her old coworker had a cat who they trained to use the toilet. So they knew she she knew it was possible and she had gone over to their place and seeing the cat like actually p it's like you hear some like tinkling and like oh that's just the cat like
Um And I I guess I haven't really searched it up, but I wonder how possible it is to do that with like dogs are
good.
I see.
That's super funny. Okay
man.
Yeah, it's really cute.
Okay.
Uh huh. Um Like are you pretty much all day everyday? Dog sitting
interact? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's pretty long. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I'm trying to think like what they want because like honestly we don't talk about I mean just in general like not necessarily just us two but like in general with the other conversations I've had, it's not like we discussed like oh I like I think you're smarter stupid or Yeah. Um Are yeah I don't know. Some of the questions are interesting
question.
I mean yeah I try to stay away from those topics I guess.
not
no not so far including this one. This is yeah perfectly fine
enjoyable.
Yeah. I'm sure it has happened in their study, like someone has probably gotten
that.
Oh, that's interesting. I mean I wouldn't try to do that because it would feel so awkward. I don't know.
maybe. Maybe. I think I know what you're trying to say, like I think I know what you're saying because like I think the surveys in general like um like there's so much more high quality in terms of yeah, like prolific whereas swag bucks just seems like you get bombarded with all these little little little
many tasks to do and like they don't even like pan out. Um
Maybe. I don't even know if they're like looking for intelligence. They really well, I forget all the questions but remember they had so many different questions um
to fill out our prolific
for prolific. Um When you first sign up, like,
I don't know just. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't it's probably like random things in there. I know that when I read, you know how a survey like always has um like a whole like why the study's been been done, why you've been selected, you know and why you've been selected section, they typically only say like, oh just because you're over 18 or because you're a U. S. Citizen.
Yeah. I mean like obviously some will vary but from what I've seen and read, like they don't care too much I think. I don't know.
I see. Free form.
And
then.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Like there's all these like attention checks and Yeah, like seeing if whether you care or not, but like I think, well, yeah, I think what you're saying is true. Like I think prolific users are just better and like they'll, they'll take more time to give the better answers. Whereas I think swag books because it's all these minimal like money tasks, like people will just try to like go through it really, really quickly. So
like Yeah.
I
think that's like a vicious cycle. Yeah, exactly. Like of course if we're going to get paid, we're gonna like put in some effort to like do it. But
like,
I mean, yeah, they hope and like in general, like in general, it's probably true like that given our experiences with four conversations each, right? But
at least for this round
because
Um, and then with like swag bucks since it doesn't like pay, um, sometimes like why like people are like why even bother and like they just kill click through and like may.
Mm. Uh
I mean neither. I think. Yeah, it's just up to us. I'm chris
nice to meet you.
that's true. Um, Is are we good? I guess on
time?
Sweet. Uh All right. I have a good day
maybe.
Yeah. Thank you. Maybe
I'll
see
you. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.