right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How are you? I didn't expect you to just come up on the screen like mhm
Yeah,
three times have you? Uh huh.
And
every time I say I'm not gonna do it again. Not,
I just get really like sickly nervous talking to people. Yeah.
Yeah. Isn't that much? I'm only getting time.
Oh is it? Oh that
would be good if it's just, you know that that's good.
Yeah, they're the surveys on prolific. I checked them all day long and they've only been like a quarter lately, so like okay. Andrew Andrew from better up labs, asked me to another ones. I'll do it.
it's nerve racking talking to strangers, I'm talking to people I do know.
yeah, I live in Arizona you?
Oh, I just went there last weekend for a little vacation to Coronado Beach. It's, it's
like,
it's off the coast of san Diego.
Okay.
like the temperatures set in the 70s,
but we were, when we were there, it didn't feel like 70s. It felt a lot.
Mm.
it's 110 today. Yeah. Uh huh. But
it's dryer
here. So you know, it's supposed to make a difference. It doesn't really, the humidity doesn't matter. I think it does, it doesn't,
no
way drones and I didn't know it was six hours. I don't like the car. So the long six hours. Have you been here to Arizona?
Very memorable. Huh?
Yeah,
The Grand Canyon. Maybe. I know.
we're talking about maybe going there. I've never been there. Yeah, I just got here a year ago. I'm from everywhere else. Where is
he originally
then florida for a decade and now here for a year.
Oh, that's a long story. It was basically,
I'm just afraid they watch this and I don't
what, what
that means.
That makes me nervous. But basically I didn't, let's just say I didn't have too much of a choice of it was either move here or pretty much not have anywhere to go. That was
basically
it.
Mhm. But it's nice. It's like a little gated community, so it's very safe and cloistered
the point.
It's like an old age community, which I'm sure where you live as much more free with young people and stuff. Like it's all old here
and there are four dogs here,
french bulldogs. Don't know if you like those
over any.
You got more than a cat at one time.
but
you know something that's good.
No,
that's true.
I know it well. My room fosters the french bulldogs and she's had many fails. What?
That's why there's four. Yeah.
No,
that's
actually
my primary work. I do pet sitting for a business. So, kind of, the reason I came out here is because my roommate travels a lot, so I take care of her dogs while she's away. So it works out. I needed a place to live and I want to look after her dog, so. Yes.
Well, three of them are puppies, and only one is a little older, so. Yeah, norman
they were puppies when I got here, they were like six weeks old when I got here.
So. And it's been like a revolving door of different dogs, the foster dog, and then the foster dog leaves, and then maybe the foster dog stays forever, and like it just keeps changing. It's
it have you been do you have uh work issues because of this whole virus thing? Like did that halt you're working or anything?
Well, it's been a while and they're still paying you I'm assuming so as long as it's still going on right?
Yeah I hope so. It's gone on long enough this this whole thing it's enough now
people have had it
or the accurate numbers anyway
like what we went to the store today, the grocery store and I'm just like are we still doing this mask thing like seriously because I can't I can't handle this. Yeah I
really hate it
I've
it's not a bad idea for that but to wear it to when you're not sick to protect others like that just
it's also hard for me to believe like I'm not I'm not into conspiracy theories necessarily but it's just that you always
hear
of someone who had someone die of it you know but I don't personally know anybody who's even had it. I know people have been tested but I don't know anyone who's had it.
hmm.
Yeah. It just puts that seed of doubt like, okay, I don't know. Mhm.
My mother's in an assisted living home, so they're very strict, it's like she's living in a hospital right now, everybody's wearing masks and they don't really let her out of her room.
It's kind of torture for
for a while. I think they just
started letting her in the dining room to pick up food and then she has to go right back. It's weird
and they come in,
they come all day long and test her for things and test her blood pressure and her temperature and she hates being bothered with that stuff, so she's so mad. Uh huh.
bad
for
it's always kind of been but now it's worse. A super living is not what they say. It is like it's very nursing home, like
she's in New Jersey though, so I don't get to see her money.
I know
the feeling. Yeah,
luckily my father has his wife so
they're
off doing God knows what? I don't know, I don't talk to him. I've had like the longest day ever. Uh It
started off with I'm just making conversation. Um it
started off with the plumber getting here at 7:30 this morning because our hot water just like randomly
works
and then doesn't work. So I was so afraid he was going to think I'm just this crazy woman because of course it worked when he got here, what it did. It always does. And he was trying to figure out the problem, He
may have figured out the problem. So that was part one of my neurotic day and then like I have like panic disorder so everything makes me nervous. So then we had to go to the grocery store, I had to get medication. I had a panic attack at the grocery store because I think it was because I knew I had to do this, this just it was too much piled on top of each other throughout the day. So by now I am like dead, do anything anymore. That's why I'm laying
like this, I'm not trying to be like seductive, like I just cannot sit up anymore
because
sometimes because I think how big am I on your screen? Because on my screen I'm just this little box but on your screen like am I big woman? Like a lounge
anything?
What?
Yeah.
Well we have a pool thankfully, So swimming is nice. Um But I really just spent all my the talks that keep me very busy.
The
older one is like he's only four, but you think he was like 200? Like he's just, he doesn't want any part of anything. He has some health problems. So he's just like leave me alone. So it's basically the puppies just running like lunatics all day. And another one of them has health problems. My roommate is one of those people who likes to adopt puppies with issues and
wanting them. They're my issues. Like this little one that we have now, she's, her growth is stunted, so she's very tiny. Um And she has uh I don't know the exact term, but it's a complicated issue with her rectum,
which
basically
means she goes all
day all day
and it's nessie. So I have to clean her. So it's like a full time job taking care of
we use
those baby wipes because otherwise it would be all day long. But yeah.
thankfully because we're in Arizona, we don't really have carpeting or anything like that. So we just clean. And I trained her to go on the wee wee pad. So she has that.
I
mean, I had she'll go outside but I had to train her to go in here because otherwise, like you said, it would be everywhere all the time. Yeah.
There
I've seen videos on that. Which is awesome.
I still have got on Youtube. Show us the stages of how to do that was so curious.
They're
probably
nabs.
They're like, what do you expect us to do in here with this?
Anything if he digs it out, then there's not enough to use, right? Or is he thinking after it goes
well
it's actually two problems because if he digs it up after he goes then he can't go again because there's not enough in there.
Do you do you think you're gonna follow through like all the way with it? Are you not gonna do it?
It'll be a fun thing to be able to tell people. My cats use the toilet.
That is funny using the bathroom. Oh my cat. Yeah.
Don't we
were working to get them to go on the wee wee pads at all instead of eating them. They normally the pads and chew them up and
still there a year and a half each of them. And they still, I just want to tear up everything there. Like remind me I don't want Children, but remind me if I had like little teenagers, they just get into everything. They fight each other all the time. They're always fighting. They're basically two of them are like basically brothers and they just fight like brothers. And then there's a little girl, little one with the rectum problem. She keeps everybody in line. It's like it's funny how the female always rules the house. Like they're always scared of her. She's this little tiny thing. She was like um 9lb and they're terrified of her.
We
think she's an alien too because she makes these little gremlin sounds like she doesn't, she doesn't really bark. She just goes uh
Yeah.
But it's actually nice to have this time to myself because it's usually all the time. So I'm trying to look at the positives of being terrified of a human. It's no sirve time away from the dog.
Yeah, that's why when I see a person I'm like, I don't know how to direct.
And also the survey after this discussion is so rough. It's like, what did you think of that person? Do you think that person stupid? Like it's so intense. Um I
all the time like taking it. I'm thinking, what did he say about me? I can't even imagine.
I wonder if they want us to get into
controversial stuff to see if we'll fight. That's what I think they want.
Have you had any like really bad conversations? Like ones that you're
like, oh God, help me, I need out of here.
Thank
you. Okay.
That's what
we're hearing because I mean might have been all normal to and including you and I'm just thinking what about that? That one person who just comes on here and says, I just want the money now. Just sit there. You know, like just sit there and my dog.
I know. But people, people like everybody's been so nice. Like, like on the other side I do a swag bucks to for money. And I would think that if I did this with a swag bucks user it would be different. Like it seems like a prolific user is a different type of person maybe.
Ask something.
I don't think you can really be an idiot and get consistent survey studies, surveys whatever on prolific. Like I think you have to have a little bit of intelligence or else there's gonna be like, no, no, no.
Through this
it's mm
about
Yeah.
Oh, that's it.
I also wonder how much they listen to and read of what we do. Like do they really go in there and read every question dancer and all that? Okay. Because I give if if it's a written out kind of thing, I give a very lengthy answers.
Yeah. So I'm hoping they appreciate that because when I just took it said, did you care at all about what about the survey you just took? Did you just not even read it? I'm like of
course
I read it every ounce of my energy to this.
Like
a lot of them don't pay to get disqualified after you've already done 15 minutes or the work. So at least with this we know we're getting paid. So
it's different.
You
won't they hope?
That means we can't do anymore. Right. Mm
I hope,
I hope Andrew gives us another chance. Yeah.
Hope for the best. And it's like 50 cents and they still won't give it to you. Yeah. Okay.
My name is Karen, by the way, I don't know. I never know if we're supposed to introduce ourselves, but
Nice to meet you.
We actually made the time pass. Yeah.
I
think we ever 5:29.
You, too, and thanks so
much.
Think of
being
normal.