SPEAKER_R: but hi I think you might be muted or it could be me, wait for us up. Um I still can't hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah? Okay, mm I still can't let me see if it's my volume or something. Yeah. Um I don't think so. Okay, so you know you have it's like your little screen right here on the bottom is your mike on. Mhm. If not let's try refreshing like I'll refresh right now and you can do I've done that before and we still have it like it still saves the convo and stuff. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay so we're fresh. Okay I wanted to Okay. Okay. Oh mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me now? Oh, okay, awesome.
SPEAKER_R: don't do it. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, sorry about
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: gonna am I gonna
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: talk
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: to myself?
SPEAKER_L: story.
SPEAKER_R: I was kidding? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: That could be a very interesting. 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I know because I've been
SPEAKER_L: Well, I have great, nice to meet you. My name is Kevin. Uh, done this once or twice and I think it's been a lot of fun. But who wants to learn a little bit more about you as well?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my name's Jazz Lynn. I've been this is like my second time doing this, every time I've been doing this one like this round my partner like never shows up, so this is like my fifth time this week like waiting for my partner. Yeah so I was like I have a feeling they're not going to show up this time either but I was wrong so she's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's awesome. So yesterday I was scheduled
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to talk and my daughter's soccer practice ended up getting moved over to yesterday. So she's for in fact, it just so happens that even realized, but they're right behind me over here in terms of the extra, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I stuck into another room and it just so happens that the photos right there. But
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: as I am going to the soccer practice or at least driving them, I realized
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I was supposed to be talking to somebody. So let me call up or email prolific and see if they could switch it around. So I was able to move things around around there. Um I know that ended up working out well. Um are you currently still working from home during all this? Are you studying from home? Are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm working from home apparently I'm working from home until May but I've also heard a rumor of june I mean not june december 2021 so that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: how are you enjoying working from home?
SPEAKER_R: I honestly love it. I love it. I don't want to go back. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm torn.
SPEAKER_R: Born
SPEAKER_L: I mean so
SPEAKER_R: cost.
SPEAKER_L: so here's if you're to tell me in college that you're going to pick a career, you leave me. So if I'm being someone who's seeking a career and I'm being told result for example you
SPEAKER_R: Sorry
SPEAKER_L: potentially
SPEAKER_R: my dog's
SPEAKER_L: at home.
SPEAKER_R: gonna be barking
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's that's quite okay, you have potential list at home for 40 years and do work. I would have never gone into uh white collar career path. It would have bored the living bejesus out of me.
SPEAKER_R: what like where like what are you working like what sector or like area
SPEAKER_L: We're going to finance sector.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: I work in um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I work in a sort of like an I. T. Realm, It's like a risk I. T. Cyber realm for finance and sounds like you work in finance as well. So look the job can be done from home. I get it but it's just not it's not me. I think like what I would love to see as time moves on
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: his work doesn't become a place that you go to five days a week. But you have the option to go there in order to elaborate and then you have the option to be home as well and have that flexible. I think it's like gives a little bit of rethinking or a new thought process to the office environment which I think is great. I'll be honest I can't I I don't think I could do this for another 30 years and never going into the office or like not leaving my boat. That would just drive me up.
SPEAKER_R: No I feel the same way I I thinking about it long term stresses me out and I can't even think about that but at this point in time right now I've just been thinking and I'm I'm pretty cool it but
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, Honey, I say all that yet. Like when the office is, so my office has reopened and very much like a lot of other financials and I'm probably sure yours well, it doesn't sound like yours is doing that, but they're like, oh, you know, we're not forcing you to come back in, but you have the option to come back in if you so choose to.
SPEAKER_R: err
SPEAKER_L: They're like, no, no, that's fine. I don't think I really want to go in any time
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: soon. And part of that rationales, I don't want to spend the money to go into the city in order to have to commute. And then also to just sit there and do the exact same thing that I would be doing
SPEAKER_R: if I
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: were up
SPEAKER_L: with. Yeah. Like I'm like, well that doesn't really sound fun. Like I don't really want to do that. So look, I'm, in my own words, they're a little bit of how, you know, I would like to do something a little bit more collaborative, but I think I'm assuming that I would like to see people there as well. I don't want to sit there all my lonesome and yeah, something I could be doing at the house so that that sort of plays into it as well. Um If you don't mind me asking, what are you doing finance, you don't have to go into the depths of detail if it's too private, but you
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: know what?
SPEAKER_R: I don't care. I worked for Vanguard if you've heard of Vanguard
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, of course. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so I work for the financial advisors. I'm actually trying to become an adviser hopefully in like the next month so it's been a draining process of studying for the C. F. P. And um just like going through the application process. It's been a lot. But yeah I've been I've been working for like two years. Um I graduated like not that long ago I'm 24 I look way younger.
SPEAKER_L: Well, congratulations on the, you know I was going to say the belated graduation, Congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Did you graduate with a finance degree?
SPEAKER_R: no I didn't actually I did business management it was super big.
SPEAKER_L: Howard?
SPEAKER_R: I had no idea what I wanted to do when I graduated, I had no clue.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, you know, who could blame you? Right. Yeah, I was just talking about this one of my buddies at 18 19 years old and not even 18. Like you have to make that decision at 15 and 16
SPEAKER_R: You really do
SPEAKER_L: like this is what I'm gonna be doing for the rest of my life and like even now like I like what I do but mm that could do something else.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly same here. I feel the same way. Um Yeah, because like looking back like when I was like 18, my my parents told me what to do, like they told me what I need to do to major in school and the whole four years of college, I was like, I hate you guys, you guys suck because you made me do this. Um But at the same time, like, I mean it, it worked out I guess, so that's fine. No.
SPEAKER_L: What? So the C. F. P. Is the certified financial planner correct? How have you? I'm not I'm familiar with the certification and not familiar with the study path. What does that entail?
SPEAKER_R: Um It kind of depends. So you have to have like some sort of like in class, like instructional hours, like sit for the exam, so minds through like Kaplan who they do like a lot of different like exam preps. So um I do like classes through Kaplan like twice a week at night and it's like a whole year, so it's it's been a long journey first.
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine. Are you finding it to be of useful information and something that you're enjoying?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I would say it's pretty useful because prior because I I work for the advisor, so like I do like any form of like portfolio trading, I do any form of day trading, any term of selling etcetera. So it makes sense what I'm doing. And then there's also other aspects to where I'm like, I've wanted to know that before and now I actually have the opportunity, so I'm interested in it as opposed to like the series seven if you know what that is. So like the series seven, I took that when I first started and I was like, I don't know what any of this is.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: None of this makes any sense to me, I don't get it, it's not applicable to me, but this is kind of different I guess like in this aspect so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you have to have the series seven in order to have the C. F. P. Or are those very independent of each other?
SPEAKER_R: Um You need a series seven like to basically work at vanguard. I know that. So I got my C. F. P. Like right when I graduated college so um yeah but you don't know the question about the cf you think? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: So when you're you're doing your C. F. P. Is there an exam that you're taking at the end of this that you're you said in to a few days you're taking an exam where it's just the course done in a few days
SPEAKER_R: My course is done in a few days. My exams in december.
SPEAKER_L: on december. Okay. Have you taken any practical practice exams yet for the C. F. P.
SPEAKER_R: Um Not yet. I'm supposed to like next week I think so hopefully I won't be too distracted to oh kind of nervous but it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Well you know what I what I love about the certification exams and I know you know for where I am with cyber and risk. It's a little bit different where it's not like a pre wrecked to get a job. But I also know and that feeling of having to take the exam having a you know past because you put so much time and effort into it as well. Um It's a stressful time. It's it's not the easiest time in the world and you're trying to get through the test makers and trying to figure out what they're doing to trick you along the way. It's tough. So I totally understand where you're coming from. I haven't taken the cfe but I'm sure it's certainly a long road but gonna be a fruitful one, it sounds like at the end of it when you get your CFT, what's that next step? Or like you automatically get promoted at vanguard for example or how does that situation work?
SPEAKER_R: yeah you have to apply for it so I'm currently doing both at once just because the opportunity is there so I'm doing
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it before I have my certification. What you can do you can do that as long as you're in the program. So my whole like past few months have also been like networking like stuff like that which I hate but you gotta
SPEAKER_L: What don't you like about networking?
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's easier I guess in a work from home environment but sometimes I just don't know what to say. And also I really suffer from like imposter syndrome hardcore. So I I don't like talking about myself a lot because I always I'm like I don't know I mean the imposter syndrome is real. I learned about that recently like some like event I went to for work and I was like wow that was too real. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I know that feeling but you know it's funny like when you take that retro step back and you're thinking of people at least in my mind because I go through that as well and you're like well people must be thinking all these things and I'm thinking
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: to myself, I never think these things about other people. So what if they are thinking about even if they are whatever, you know, I'm not a big deal, but I know what you mean. It's you know, it's it's a lot of changes, especially going from college to a role where, you know, it's certainly a very awesome role and you need a certification on top of that in order to prove that, you know, it's a lot of change, but it's fun change at the same time. So again, I I know the feeling, I know the feeling very well.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad
SPEAKER_L: Um Do you have to find uh clients through Bangor? Do they supply you with clients?
SPEAKER_R: they supply of clients which is why I like working there. It's not like a sales type thing. I know other institutions are like that usually um like from previous people who work there. So.
SPEAKER_L: And now you're vanguard? So I know vanguard mostly from they're they're wonderful. Either index funds, mutual funds where the, what you call it, I think it's mostly index funds right? Where your expense ratio is very low, so I very much appreciate the low expense ratio vanguard funds that are out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what everyone,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it's always like they're selling point, like the low cost stuff. I was like
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: the wal
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: mart.
SPEAKER_L: the big line, $6 for every $10,000 invested goes to vanguard or something like that. It's a pretty good marketing. It works. It's cheap. I mean it's certainly cheaper than what 90% of all the other E. T. F. S. Out there but it's a C. F. P. I think you need to you need to know that all different gametes right? It's not just stock. So if you have to go into real estate knowledge and things that are a little bit outside of the the realm of what I would look at the stock market for.
SPEAKER_R: So true. Yeah, like life insurance, estate planning, um Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, just a lot of other things too, which is I think my favorite is probably a state planning the trip, which is kind of cool. Um My first job was um I used to work in like our inheritance department, so I used to actually have like a book of like deceased clients and I used to have to like basically move all of the assets to beneficiaries. Um That was a whole thing, that was like my first position like at vanguard. Um So it came with that was a lot of um like a state law as well, so like, it was kind of, it was cool, that's why I kind of engaged me at first actually into like wanting to go into something like that. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: different.
SPEAKER_L: It's be honest. I know nothing about estate planning or anything along those lines. I probably should know more about it but I know Jack diddly squat when it comes to estate planning. Um So you said you like what what was it about a state planning that sort of drew you in?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't know, I feel like it's because I'm like very like forward. I'm usually a very forward thinker. Life's weird right now. So like, I don't ever think forward anymore, but for usually in other situations, I usually like to really think forward. So like having like, just like being able to help people like plan for things like that. Um it's cool because I, what worked in a lot of situations where people had zero planning, zero anything. So the people responsible for picking up the slack would be like, you know, sad family members and like us. So it was just kind of sad, you know, you never want to be in a situation like that. So, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Uh My mother currently is she's not told you know she's 65 or so. Um But to be candid it really hasn't done any type of estate planning at all and you know long term health insurance and all that fun stuff isn't really something that's on her her docket. So I've been trying to talk about that with her and ends up being a fairly uncomfortable conversation many of the times. I don't know much about it and then she really doesn't want to talk about it all that much either. But I know that again I should probably know a little bit more about because it would be good to know, especially with my mother who's she wants to retire. Let me take that back. She claims that she doesn't want to retire that she wants to work. But I also know that like if she had the financial resources to retire, she probably be just fine with it. So I always enjoy the line that she tells me, Oh yeah, yeah, I'll work until I'm dead. Like I think you want the optimum of figuring out if you don't want to work until that time and she's a very social, but it's painful to see
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: because I do want to make sure that just well taken care of for the 65 over time frame and obviously doesn't really know what's going to happen with your health and you're not going knock on wood, she's healthy right now. But you know, you never know. I was also blown away by how much it costs for like long term health care or you go into a nursing home or
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: some of those
SPEAKER_R: it's really sad seeing that like especially like I remember in that department I also had people who were like basically about to die so kind of a morbid role honestly. But like the people who are about to die like those people had a lot of expenses like money taken out like on like a monthly or yearly basis just to pay for like nursing homes. So it's crazy that
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: that's like so expensive. Um And like you
SPEAKER_L: it really
SPEAKER_R: also care about
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and you also care about on the news like there was one I like it was like the local news like where I'm at and there was like some like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: nursing home facility or whatever that like was like badly treating, I'm sure that happens everywhere like badly treating like like the nursing like the nothing like the people who lived there like the elderly. Um Like I've heard a lot of like a good thing and I was like a huge scandal and then also recently like all of the places that are getting covid from it which is like so sad. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And have you ever visited a nursing home? Did you ever have a loved one in a nursing
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: home? It's so my great grandmother was in a nursing home and we went over there. She was she had a little bit of dimension that terrible. But enough where like she forgot some basic things and she always thought when she was at the nursing home that she was at a she was on a cruise so she was always looking for the cruise director, the director or you know going over to the buffet. You walked in and you looked around holy moly. This is a very sad state of affairs for the vast majority of people. And then like you start looking at the prices of it, like that's the price for this like holy molly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was so sad.
SPEAKER_L: I know. And so you know, I'm hoping that uh you know obviously we can get that squared away, but you know, even for like myself even,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I don't really know from the standpoint of whether it's your age, my age, like what am I really even supposed to start getting long term care insurance for example. Like many of this stuff is very fuzzy to me because life insurance, Okay, I get it. Um you know fairly well, excuse me, well known and something that pretty typical for this age group. But yeah, long term care, not something that a bunch of 20 or 30 year old, we'll talk about all that often yet, shouldn't we? I don't know. I don't know what that answer is.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's it's really weird. It's also like weird especially like right now where people like our age are getting more and more sick with things like covid for example. Um It just like kind of like makes you wonder because like honestly for me personally like when this all first started I was like I think we'll be fine as young people. Um It's just it's like older people that are dying but that was very ignorant of me to think because like it's also really impacting younger people as well.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it is I've noticed that uh the numbers have been going up a little bit. I haven't, to be honest, I have not really been following the news very often on this anymore because I feel like any time I follow the news, it's the exact same story of like, oh, there's more cases of Covid going up and I feel like the news is sort of telling us at the end of the newscast. Well, good luck with your hope in your life. You know, we're just going to give you all the bad hole possible. I just got sick of watching the exact same thing all the time. So I finally, I stopped watching it. I stopped getting the alerts on my phone like yeah, I get the drift. You got a pandemic going on? I get, you know, I don't really mind it every five seconds.
SPEAKER_R: you chose
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: chose
SPEAKER_L: I think that's very,
SPEAKER_R: a good time because it's like a disaster right now. Like I mean I still get notifications. I have this app that like tells me like the cases in my area every day and I just kind of skip it now because I'm like oh god but um that on top of like everything going on with the presidential election stuff it's just kind of like a disaster right now also. Or do you located like where you live?
SPEAKER_L: I'm based in new york city yourself,
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. That's cool. I'm in charlotte north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: charlotte north Carolina. I love charlotte charlotte is a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do this. I've been down there with five times, you know, certainly not somewhere I go all the time, but the majority of my family is in north Carolina. I'm one of the, you know, the Yankees of the north and I was born up here and my father was up here for a bit of time as well. My daughters and backgrounds. My apologies. Um, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: going back to north Carolina, uh, my father was, let me take another step back. I'm getting diverted with my daughter yelling a little bit. Um, my, my family is pretty much all military except for me. I'm not a military guy and they were based in Fort Bragg and quantico. So I went down to north Carolina, went down to Fayetteville very, very often and then from there the family dispersed. So some of the family went over to Winston Salem, someone's in charlotte. So I was able to go to charlotte. I love the buildings in charlotte, everything feels very
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: fresh and brand new
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: over there.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Um, and then Wilmington is where a lot of my other cousins are. And then they, the family with a few neighbors, they were able back in like the eighties to get a, a beach house together in topsail island, which they just recently sold.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Um, but we would go down there every once in a while and go to the beach house and it was a very lovely event. But yeah, north Carolina is very near and dear to my side of the family.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Yeah awesome. I'm from Virginia originally I moved here like two years ago. I'm from like by D. C. Area. But um I was just in new york city like around christmas time I was I went for the first time.
SPEAKER_L: For the first time this, uh, this thanksgiving or this december.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this past christmas time I went. It was awesome actually because my friend he just moved to um uh crap what's it called? New Jersey, what's that place called? Hoboken? Yeah so he moved there so we went to go visit him and then we spent like most of our time like being tourist in New york city it was fun, it was really fun.
SPEAKER_L: nothing wrong with that. In fact, I feel like I'm still a tourist over here, you know, going to check out some of the shows and some of the events, where did you, did you stay with him in Jersey or did you stay in the city?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we stayed with him in the city um sorry with him in Hoboken and it was cool too because it was around the time like santa con was a thing so it was really fun to go to like all the bars and stuff and like it was so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Uh santa con is a ton of fun, I haven't done it in a few years, you know, you know these people over here, but it's so much fun and you know, if you were really in normal times and I'm confident that new york is gonna be much back into what you saw back in 2000 and 19 and what it was probably now or it's a little bit new did and not just that time of year, but it's ST Patrick's Day, Halloween is so much fun. Normally in the city, everyone's dressed up this big parade going down the West Village and I've gone there many of years. It's just a very it's very vibrant city. I've always loved it even now. I know that you know, obviously just like everywhere else, everything is very quiet. But you know, the city is still alive, right? It's where the people with like the West Village, Hoboken probably is another example of that. Some other areas you wanna walk around. You probably think that, you know, we're back in 2019, the touristy areas. Those the pictures you see where it's just desolate, right? You know, like Times Square, Grand Central Station, I don't know, like Fifth Avenue and probably like that as well. So yeah, it's it's it's changing, but you know, everything happens for a reason, right? So, you know, maybe this ends up changing some of the the monetary figures of some of the real estate that we see up here. It's it's a little pricey, but I'll tell you, I love charlotte and it's a great place to be. So, that's really awesome that you do live in charlotte. How have you found that transition from Virginia down to charlotte?
SPEAKER_R: I honestly really enjoy it, I've been a lot of people here and it's been great. Um I do miss my friends dearly my friends all live in D. C. Like all of my friends from college so that's the part that I missed the most but thankfully I can go visit them you know it's just like drive away. It's not that bad. Six hours away I'll do it. Um I go often I have it recently from Covid but um that's really the only thing I miss the most. Just like my friends truthfully. But I mean I've been able to do a lot here as well. I've met so many great people here as well,
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure I'm sure I had a my aunt lived off was I 66 in Virginia 64 66.
SPEAKER_R: 64.
SPEAKER_L: And that, yeah, the traffic was abominable over
SPEAKER_R: traffic
SPEAKER_L: there, but
SPEAKER_R: I don't miss that. Yeah that had to
SPEAKER_L: Um, but the restaurant scene was really fun over there. I met some of my cousins friends when I was down there and they were great, very much enjoyed it. They loved Virginia. They love that. Like it almost has a bit of a government feel to it as well, that surprisingly, you're very well aware of, what do you want to stay in charlotte or are you uh are you thinking of going somewhere else this time moves on in normal times?
SPEAKER_R: oh gosh who knows? I am going through a crazy period of my life right now which sucks. So I have no idea right now. I'm trying to just like I don't know what I'm gonna do but we'll see I'm optimistic. I'll figure it out. But yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Well I hope that everything works out on, on that front and that. I always like to call myself a bit of a cock eyed optimist as well. I think I got that from the Cosby show line or cheers or something like that from the eighties. But um, you know, it's a great way to look at life and know that hey, you've got a lot of stuff going on right now, but knowing that things will certainly go for the better over the next few months and years is certainly a positive attitude to have. Um, I believe that it's 25. Right? So I think we're pretty good to go here. Well. Hey, um, I really appreciate media and having the conversation. Good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: And of course,
SPEAKER_R: he was what?
SPEAKER_L: good luck on the exam to, uh, and everything else that you were talking about as well and a question to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah have a good day. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Youtube. Bye bye.