but hi I think you might be muted or it could be me, wait for us up. Um I still can't hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah? Okay, mm I still can't let me see if it's my volume or something. Yeah. Um I don't think so. Okay, so you know you have it's like your little screen right here on the bottom is your mike on. Mhm. If not let's try refreshing like I'll refresh right now and you can do I've done that before and we still have it like it still saves the convo and stuff. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay so we're fresh. Okay I wanted to Okay. Okay. Oh mhm.
don't do it. Okay.
You're
gonna am I gonna
talk
to myself?
I was kidding? Okay.
I know because I've been
Yeah my name's Jazz Lynn. I've been this is like my second time doing this, every time I've been doing this one like this round my partner like never shows up, so this is like my fifth time this week like waiting for my partner. Yeah so I was like I have a feeling they're not going to show up this time either but I was wrong so she's awesome.
Well
Mhm.
here.
No.
I'm working from home apparently I'm working from home until May but I've also heard a rumor of june I mean not june december 2021 so that's crazy.
I honestly love it. I love it. I don't want to go back. How about you?
Born
cost.
Sorry
my dog's
gonna be barking
what like where like what are you working like what sector or like area
You
too?
Mhm.
Two
No I feel the same way I I thinking about it long term stresses me out and I can't even think about that but at this point in time right now I've just been thinking and I'm I'm pretty cool it but
err
no.
if I
were up
No
I don't care. I worked for Vanguard if you've heard of Vanguard
so I work for the financial advisors. I'm actually trying to become an adviser hopefully in like the next month so it's been a draining process of studying for the C. F. P. And um just like going through the application process. It's been a lot. But yeah I've been I've been working for like two years. Um I graduated like not that long ago I'm 24 I look way younger.
and
no I didn't actually I did business management it was super big.
I had no idea what I wanted to do when I graduated, I had no clue.
You really do
Exactly same here. I feel the same way. Um Yeah, because like looking back like when I was like 18, my my parents told me what to do, like they told me what I need to do to major in school and the whole four years of college, I was like, I hate you guys, you guys suck because you made me do this. Um But at the same time, like, I mean it, it worked out I guess, so that's fine. No.
Um It kind of depends. So you have to have like some sort of like in class, like instructional hours, like sit for the exam, so minds through like Kaplan who they do like a lot of different like exam preps. So um I do like classes through Kaplan like twice a week at night and it's like a whole year, so it's it's been a long journey first.
Yeah, I would say it's pretty useful because prior because I I work for the advisor, so like I do like any form of like portfolio trading, I do any form of day trading, any term of selling etcetera. So it makes sense what I'm doing. And then there's also other aspects to where I'm like, I've wanted to know that before and now I actually have the opportunity, so I'm interested in it as opposed to like the series seven if you know what that is. So like the series seven, I took that when I first started and I was like, I don't know what any of this is.
None of this makes any sense to me, I don't get it, it's not applicable to me, but this is kind of different I guess like in this aspect so yeah.
Um You need a series seven like to basically work at vanguard. I know that. So I got my C. F. P. Like right when I graduated college so um yeah but you don't know the question about the cf you think? Yes.
My course is done in a few days. My exams in december.
Um Not yet. I'm supposed to like next week I think so hopefully I won't be too distracted to oh kind of nervous but it's fine.
yeah you have to apply for it so I'm currently doing both at once just because the opportunity is there so I'm doing
it before I have my certification. What you can do you can do that as long as you're in the program. So my whole like past few months have also been like networking like stuff like that which I hate but you gotta
I mean it's easier I guess in a work from home environment but sometimes I just don't know what to say. And also I really suffer from like imposter syndrome hardcore. So I I don't like talking about myself a lot because I always I'm like I don't know I mean the imposter syndrome is real. I learned about that recently like some like event I went to for work and I was like wow that was too real. Mhm.
Good.
I'm glad
they supply of clients which is why I like working there. It's not like a sales type thing. I know other institutions are like that usually um like from previous people who work there. So.
Yeah that's what everyone,
it's always like they're selling point, like the low cost stuff. I was like
the wal
mart.
So true. Yeah, like life insurance, estate planning, um Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, just a lot of other things too, which is I think my favorite is probably a state planning the trip, which is kind of cool. Um My first job was um I used to work in like our inheritance department, so I used to actually have like a book of like deceased clients and I used to have to like basically move all of the assets to beneficiaries. Um That was a whole thing, that was like my first position like at vanguard. Um So it came with that was a lot of um like a state law as well, so like, it was kind of, it was cool, that's why I kind of engaged me at first actually into like wanting to go into something like that. So
different.
Well, I don't know, I feel like it's because I'm like very like forward. I'm usually a very forward thinker. Life's weird right now. So like, I don't ever think forward anymore, but for usually in other situations, I usually like to really think forward. So like having like, just like being able to help people like plan for things like that. Um it's cool because I, what worked in a lot of situations where people had zero planning, zero anything. So the people responsible for picking up the slack would be like, you know, sad family members and like us. So it was just kind of sad, you know, you never want to be in a situation like that. So, I mean,
What?
That's
it's really sad seeing that like especially like I remember in that department I also had people who were like basically about to die so kind of a morbid role honestly. But like the people who are about to die like those people had a lot of expenses like money taken out like on like a monthly or yearly basis just to pay for like nursing homes. So it's crazy that
that's like so expensive. Um And like you
also care about
yeah and you also care about on the news like there was one I like it was like the local news like where I'm at and there was like some like
nursing home facility or whatever that like was like badly treating, I'm sure that happens everywhere like badly treating like like the nursing like the nothing like the people who lived there like the elderly. Um Like I've heard a lot of like a good thing and I was like a huge scandal and then also recently like all of the places that are getting covid from it which is like so sad. So.
No.
Yeah. I was so sad.
Well
I know it's it's really weird. It's also like weird especially like right now where people like our age are getting more and more sick with things like covid for example. Um It just like kind of like makes you wonder because like honestly for me personally like when this all first started I was like I think we'll be fine as young people. Um It's just it's like older people that are dying but that was very ignorant of me to think because like it's also really impacting younger people as well.
you chose
chose
a good time because it's like a disaster right now. Like I mean I still get notifications. I have this app that like tells me like the cases in my area every day and I just kind of skip it now because I'm like oh god but um that on top of like everything going on with the presidential election stuff it's just kind of like a disaster right now also. Or do you located like where you live?
Oh cool. That's cool. I'm in charlotte north Carolina.
Yeah.
Yeah
I
thank
you.
What?
Cool. Yeah awesome. I'm from Virginia originally I moved here like two years ago. I'm from like by D. C. Area. But um I was just in new york city like around christmas time I was I went for the first time.
Yeah this past christmas time I went. It was awesome actually because my friend he just moved to um uh crap what's it called? New Jersey, what's that place called? Hoboken? Yeah so he moved there so we went to go visit him and then we spent like most of our time like being tourist in New york city it was fun, it was really fun.
Yeah we stayed with him in the city um sorry with him in Hoboken and it was cool too because it was around the time like santa con was a thing so it was really fun to go to like all the bars and stuff and like it was so cool.
I honestly really enjoy it, I've been a lot of people here and it's been great. Um I do miss my friends dearly my friends all live in D. C. Like all of my friends from college so that's the part that I missed the most but thankfully I can go visit them you know it's just like drive away. It's not that bad. Six hours away I'll do it. Um I go often I have it recently from Covid but um that's really the only thing I miss the most. Just like my friends truthfully. But I mean I've been able to do a lot here as well. I've met so many great people here as well,
64.
traffic
I don't miss that. Yeah that had to
oh gosh who knows? I am going through a crazy period of my life right now which sucks. So I have no idea right now. I'm trying to just like I don't know what I'm gonna do but we'll see I'm optimistic. I'll figure it out. But yeah
if
he was what?
Yeah have a good day. Bye.