Can you hear me now? Oh, okay, awesome.
Hey, sorry about
that.
I'm
not
story.
That could be a very interesting. 25 minutes.
Well, I have great, nice to meet you. My name is Kevin. Uh, done this once or twice and I think it's been a lot of fun. But who wants to learn a little bit more about you as well?
Well, that's awesome. So yesterday I was scheduled
to talk and my daughter's soccer practice ended up getting moved over to yesterday. So she's for in fact, it just so happens that even realized, but they're right behind me over here in terms of the extra, yeah,
I stuck into another room and it just so happens that the photos right there. But
as I am going to the soccer practice or at least driving them, I realized
I was supposed to be talking to somebody. So let me call up or email prolific and see if they could switch it around. So I was able to move things around around there. Um I know that ended up working out well. Um are you currently still working from home during all this? Are you studying from home? Are you
how are you enjoying working from home?
I'm torn.
I mean so
so here's if you're to tell me in college that you're going to pick a career, you leave me. So if I'm being someone who's seeking a career and I'm being told result for example you
potentially
at home.
Oh well that's that's quite okay, you have potential list at home for 40 years and do work. I would have never gone into uh white collar career path. It would have bored the living bejesus out of me.
We're going to finance sector.
But
I work in um
I work in a sort of like an I. T. Realm, It's like a risk I. T. Cyber realm for finance and sounds like you work in finance as well. So look the job can be done from home. I get it but it's just not it's not me. I think like what I would love to see as time moves on
his work doesn't become a place that you go to five days a week. But you have the option to go there in order to elaborate and then you have the option to be home as well and have that flexible. I think it's like gives a little bit of rethinking or a new thought process to the office environment which I think is great. I'll be honest I can't I I don't think I could do this for another 30 years and never going into the office or like not leaving my boat. That would just drive me up.
Well, yeah, Honey, I say all that yet. Like when the office is, so my office has reopened and very much like a lot of other financials and I'm probably sure yours well, it doesn't sound like yours is doing that, but they're like, oh, you know, we're not forcing you to come back in, but you have the option to come back in if you so choose to.
They're like, no, no, that's fine. I don't think I really want to go in any time
soon. And part of that rationales, I don't want to spend the money to go into the city in order to have to commute. And then also to just sit there and do the exact same thing that I would be doing
here
with. Yeah. Like I'm like, well that doesn't really sound fun. Like I don't really want to do that. So look, I'm, in my own words, they're a little bit of how, you know, I would like to do something a little bit more collaborative, but I think I'm assuming that I would like to see people there as well. I don't want to sit there all my lonesome and yeah, something I could be doing at the house so that that sort of plays into it as well. Um If you don't mind me asking, what are you doing finance, you don't have to go into the depths of detail if it's too private, but you
know what?
Oh yeah, of course. Yeah.
Well, congratulations on the, you know I was going to say the belated graduation, Congratulations.
That's awesome. Did you graduate with a finance degree?
Howard?
I mean, you know, who could blame you? Right. Yeah, I was just talking about this one of my buddies at 18 19 years old and not even 18. Like you have to make that decision at 15 and 16
like this is what I'm gonna be doing for the rest of my life and like even now like I like what I do but mm that could do something else.
What? So the C. F. P. Is the certified financial planner correct? How have you? I'm not I'm familiar with the certification and not familiar with the study path. What does that entail?
I can imagine. Are you finding it to be of useful information and something that you're enjoying?
And
do you have to have the series seven in order to have the C. F. P. Or are those very independent of each other?
So when you're you're doing your C. F. P. Is there an exam that you're taking at the end of this that you're you said in to a few days you're taking an exam where it's just the course done in a few days
on december. Okay. Have you taken any practical practice exams yet for the C. F. P.
Well you know what I what I love about the certification exams and I know you know for where I am with cyber and risk. It's a little bit different where it's not like a pre wrecked to get a job. But I also know and that feeling of having to take the exam having a you know past because you put so much time and effort into it as well. Um It's a stressful time. It's it's not the easiest time in the world and you're trying to get through the test makers and trying to figure out what they're doing to trick you along the way. It's tough. So I totally understand where you're coming from. I haven't taken the cfe but I'm sure it's certainly a long road but gonna be a fruitful one, it sounds like at the end of it when you get your CFT, what's that next step? Or like you automatically get promoted at vanguard for example or how does that situation work?
Well
What don't you like about networking?
Yeah, I I know that feeling but you know it's funny like when you take that retro step back and you're thinking of people at least in my mind because I go through that as well and you're like well people must be thinking all these things and I'm thinking
to myself, I never think these things about other people. So what if they are thinking about even if they are whatever, you know, I'm not a big deal, but I know what you mean. It's you know, it's it's a lot of changes, especially going from college to a role where, you know, it's certainly a very awesome role and you need a certification on top of that in order to prove that, you know, it's a lot of change, but it's fun change at the same time. So again, I I know the feeling, I know the feeling very well.
Um Do you have to find uh clients through Bangor? Do they supply you with clients?
And now you're vanguard? So I know vanguard mostly from they're they're wonderful. Either index funds, mutual funds where the, what you call it, I think it's mostly index funds right? Where your expense ratio is very low, so I very much appreciate the low expense ratio vanguard funds that are out there.
But
for
what's
the big line, $6 for every $10,000 invested goes to vanguard or something like that. It's a pretty good marketing. It works. It's cheap. I mean it's certainly cheaper than what 90% of all the other E. T. F. S. Out there but it's a C. F. P. I think you need to you need to know that all different gametes right? It's not just stock. So if you have to go into real estate knowledge and things that are a little bit outside of the the realm of what I would look at the stock market for.
Oh that's interesting.
It's be honest. I know nothing about estate planning or anything along those lines. I probably should know more about it but I know Jack diddly squat when it comes to estate planning. Um So you said you like what what was it about a state planning that sort of drew you in?
Uh My mother currently is she's not told you know she's 65 or so. Um But to be candid it really hasn't done any type of estate planning at all and you know long term health insurance and all that fun stuff isn't really something that's on her her docket. So I've been trying to talk about that with her and ends up being a fairly uncomfortable conversation many of the times. I don't know much about it and then she really doesn't want to talk about it all that much either. But I know that again I should probably know a little bit more about because it would be good to know, especially with my mother who's she wants to retire. Let me take that back. She claims that she doesn't want to retire that she wants to work. But I also know that like if she had the financial resources to retire, she probably be just fine with it. So I always enjoy the line that she tells me, Oh yeah, yeah, I'll work until I'm dead. Like I think you want the optimum of figuring out if you don't want to work until that time and she's a very social, but it's painful to see
because I do want to make sure that just well taken care of for the 65 over time frame and obviously doesn't really know what's going to happen with your health and you're not going knock on wood, she's healthy right now. But you know, you never know. I was also blown away by how much it costs for like long term health care or you go into a nursing home or
some of those
what
it really
is.
What?
yeah. And have you ever visited a nursing home? Did you ever have a loved one in a nursing
home? It's so my great grandmother was in a nursing home and we went over there. She was she had a little bit of dimension that terrible. But enough where like she forgot some basic things and she always thought when she was at the nursing home that she was at a she was on a cruise so she was always looking for the cruise director, the director or you know going over to the buffet. You walked in and you looked around holy moly. This is a very sad state of affairs for the vast majority of people. And then like you start looking at the prices of it, like that's the price for this like holy molly.
I know. And so you know, I'm hoping that uh you know obviously we can get that squared away, but you know, even for like myself even,
I don't really know from the standpoint of whether it's your age, my age, like what am I really even supposed to start getting long term care insurance for example. Like many of this stuff is very fuzzy to me because life insurance, Okay, I get it. Um you know fairly well, excuse me, well known and something that pretty typical for this age group. But yeah, long term care, not something that a bunch of 20 or 30 year old, we'll talk about all that often yet, shouldn't we? I don't know. I don't know what that answer is.
It is, it is I've noticed that uh the numbers have been going up a little bit. I haven't, to be honest, I have not really been following the news very often on this anymore because I feel like any time I follow the news, it's the exact same story of like, oh, there's more cases of Covid going up and I feel like the news is sort of telling us at the end of the newscast. Well, good luck with your hope in your life. You know, we're just going to give you all the bad hole possible. I just got sick of watching the exact same thing all the time. So I finally, I stopped watching it. I stopped getting the alerts on my phone like yeah, I get the drift. You got a pandemic going on? I get, you know, I don't really mind it every five seconds.
So
I think that's very,
I'm based in new york city yourself,
charlotte north Carolina. I love charlotte charlotte is a
do this. I've been down there with five times, you know, certainly not somewhere I go all the time, but the majority of my family is in north Carolina. I'm one of the, you know, the Yankees of the north and I was born up here and my father was up here for a bit of time as well. My daughters and backgrounds. My apologies. Um, but
going back to north Carolina, uh, my father was, let me take another step back. I'm getting diverted with my daughter yelling a little bit. Um, my, my family is pretty much all military except for me. I'm not a military guy and they were based in Fort Bragg and quantico. So I went down to north Carolina, went down to Fayetteville very, very often and then from there the family dispersed. So some of the family went over to Winston Salem, someone's in charlotte. So I was able to go to charlotte. I love the buildings in charlotte, everything feels very
fresh and brand new
over there.
Um, and then Wilmington is where a lot of my other cousins are. And then they, the family with a few neighbors, they were able back in like the eighties to get a, a beach house together in topsail island, which they just recently sold.
Um, but we would go down there every once in a while and go to the beach house and it was a very lovely event. But yeah, north Carolina is very near and dear to my side of the family.
For the first time this, uh, this thanksgiving or this december.
nothing wrong with that. In fact, I feel like I'm still a tourist over here, you know, going to check out some of the shows and some of the events, where did you, did you stay with him in Jersey or did you stay in the city?
Uh santa con is a ton of fun, I haven't done it in a few years, you know, you know these people over here, but it's so much fun and you know, if you were really in normal times and I'm confident that new york is gonna be much back into what you saw back in 2000 and 19 and what it was probably now or it's a little bit new did and not just that time of year, but it's ST Patrick's Day, Halloween is so much fun. Normally in the city, everyone's dressed up this big parade going down the West Village and I've gone there many of years. It's just a very it's very vibrant city. I've always loved it even now. I know that you know, obviously just like everywhere else, everything is very quiet. But you know, the city is still alive, right? It's where the people with like the West Village, Hoboken probably is another example of that. Some other areas you wanna walk around. You probably think that, you know, we're back in 2019, the touristy areas. Those the pictures you see where it's just desolate, right? You know, like Times Square, Grand Central Station, I don't know, like Fifth Avenue and probably like that as well. So yeah, it's it's it's changing, but you know, everything happens for a reason, right? So, you know, maybe this ends up changing some of the the monetary figures of some of the real estate that we see up here. It's it's a little pricey, but I'll tell you, I love charlotte and it's a great place to be. So, that's really awesome that you do live in charlotte. How have you found that transition from Virginia down to charlotte?
I'm sure I'm sure I had a my aunt lived off was I 66 in Virginia 64 66.
And that, yeah, the traffic was abominable over
there, but
Um, but the restaurant scene was really fun over there. I met some of my cousins friends when I was down there and they were great, very much enjoyed it. They loved Virginia. They love that. Like it almost has a bit of a government feel to it as well, that surprisingly, you're very well aware of, what do you want to stay in charlotte or are you uh are you thinking of going somewhere else this time moves on in normal times?
Yeah, Well I hope that everything works out on, on that front and that. I always like to call myself a bit of a cock eyed optimist as well. I think I got that from the Cosby show line or cheers or something like that from the eighties. But um, you know, it's a great way to look at life and know that hey, you've got a lot of stuff going on right now, but knowing that things will certainly go for the better over the next few months and years is certainly a positive attitude to have. Um, I believe that it's 25. Right? So I think we're pretty good to go here. Well. Hey, um, I really appreciate media and having the conversation. Good luck with everything.
And of course,
good luck on the exam to, uh, and everything else that you were talking about as well and a question to meet you
Youtube. Bye bye.