Yeah. Hi, how's it going?
Yeah. Finally I found a partner, I've been like rescheduling for 34 times now.
Yeah.
How are you this morning?
I am at boston and you?
How
things there like with the pandemic?
three
months ago? Um
Yeah. In massachusetts,
Yeah, Massachusetts, the cases have like slowed down a bit. It's only hardly 200-300 cases a day for the entire Massachusetts as compared to like 6,012,000 in Florida. So
Shopping grocery essentials. Yeah.
Shit.
Mhm.
4th of July would have been like this, this was like a very certain 4th of July compared to the rest of them. Right.
Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. So
Uh I live with my friend. Um So yeah, so that in that way it's helpful, you know like someone
has been there to even help you with cooking or even shopping things like that so. Yeah.
Uh
sure.
that would be bad on you. Yeah.
Yeah but I'm pretty sure your kids might be like keeping you busy all the time with summer.
Yeah.
correct. Yeah.
maybe they'll shift to lockdown. What greater then? Yeah.
Not too small kids but not too old kids either so. Okay.
Yeah.
Maybe
you said like there are two kids right so they'll
have
opinions so they wouldn't be bored unless. Yeah.
I don't have family, I just live with my friend. Um So yeah we just like binge watch and then catch up on all the tv series and movies which have been on my watch list forever.
and then of course like that we do to the weekends, but during big days we could work from home. Um, so yeah, good. What about blake our movie theater? I think it's complete lockdown even there. Right. Yeah.
I
know. Yeah, it's gonna be really tough moving on. Like, I don't know, imagine like people can't go to the park so they can't like, you know, gather in crowded places. It's going to be really tough. And people who work in those sectors like entertainment or movies, they're going to be hardly, I mean very, very much shit basically. So,
the
youngest people wear masks. I think it should be fine. But some states, some people don't wear masks so it's going to be a like never ending problem unless everyone like he has to it. Yeah,
And the articles, we have the elections in november. So the, all the rallies and propaganda and news would be flooded with those articles.
Ever
You
know.
wow,
Whoa.
Yeah, I know, yeah,
the first
round,
that's
true. Even I agree with that. Like, people should understand that there are better ways to let no voice their opinion rather than taking too this kind of uh route.
But
at the end of it, nothing is happening that even after so many protests, like, I don't think nothing is happening, anything is happening, the government, so Okay.
overview,
Which sector do you work in? Like?
I work as a chemical engineer, but I actually graduated
in December 2019 and then I was looking for work since March and that's when the pandemic hit hard. Um so I've been working as a volunteer research assistant with my advisor professor back in university. So
that is keeping me busy little bit, but you know, getting a full time job, tough challenge right now.
that's true. Yeah.
From the moment,
that's cool.
I have friends who work at Intel. Yeah. There are a huge company. Semiconductor innovations, right? So
I was like initially looking into foods and pharmaceuticals and all for oil and gas a little bit, but oil and gas is like totally hit hard by the prices. You know, I was like, so
I'm looking into foods and pharmaceuticals. We'll see. Uh huh.
I couldn't do it.
Intel,
Yes. Semiconductors at school. Um, It's just that I don't have any research experience the third, but I do know the basics of semiconductors, a lot of application of chemical engineering and uh
Yeah. But it is cool to like, no matter what happens, I. T. Would be like versatile and it will be evergreen. Nobody's gonna uh I take that job of someone, those hard skills, success and shell, right. People are all looking into soft personal like zoom and things like that.
The only thing is the meetings will be all virtual. Um and especially with kids around, hopefully they don't come in during the meeting.
Or even close to California, like do you travel often there?
I
see.
Seattle. Oh yeah, that's a pretty area right? Like with mountains and uh
It's
But in summer I don't know if it would be very scorching heat like you know? No.
wow, that's perfect.
No.
credit.
I moved to boston in january prior to that. I was in Oklahoma. It was it was crazy out there like you can see all proper four seasons and sometimes you have tornadoes tools so
It's
That's
Oh
yeah, that would be great.
Thank
you.
okay. So
you
you
guys can't do skiing then you guys have to go to colorado for that?
yeah like I usually wanted to go to like um what's it called, the National Forest National Parks um Oklahoma had nothing, the nearest one is in Arkansas and that
is really bad.
but
I think Oregon has one or two at least a nearby once, I don't know. Yeah
Ok
Whoa
what
do you think?
No.
Okay.
and it's open to public, people can go to the top of the mountain
that was cool.
Animal
yeah yeah and you said you do mountain biking? Oh
wow. Huh. The only time I did mountain biking was in boulder colorado. And they have a lot of like trails which are really cool.
Yeah.
Is
it in
Oregon?
Okay.
that's cool. I'm planning to relocate to Canada like next year probably. Um I'm like it depends on job significant a job and employment visa. I'll stay here else and panic. Re look at that right
now. I'm scouting around Toronto area but I hear a lot of good things about one who accept that it is like slightly expensive to live in there.
What
happened?
then you should go to South America. You have a lot of value for your dollar. Uh
Not even Panama.
South America.
I can't
still
be repeated.
They're still
Disneyland
in
Orlando or L. A.
Okay. Got confused. Okay. Uh
Professional.
Oh have you been to Orlando florida? Okay. Yeah.
Cut
it
cut it. Yeah I've been to Orlando last year, I was at Orlando for like a week for a conference. Um But you know a good conference. That's a bad thing. You are free only in the evenings and the parks theme parks are closed then. Mhm.
it was like probably 15 minutes. Try what 20 minutes drive from the theme park we just enter the free zone like you know in the evenings you can enter and then take a stroll in the park. We did that but we didn't go into the theme park basically.
and then we went to a nearby beach, I don't know what it's called um but it is closer to Miami like we took a road trip so that's what we do
like I've been to beaches in texas you know Galveston, got to stretch the they're so bad, I was so little beaches but then looking at florida which is I felt like oh wow this is a proper bitch.
they have like no gulf gulf beaches, gulf of Mexico the Houston um There is corpus christian Galveston which are known for um bungee jumping and like people jump out of flights like what's it called?
Yeah you start anything yeah but it's good I I like the activities over there but not the beaches there like nasty. Yeah.
huh.
we're all
hoping.
Oh yeah I heard of that. Okay.
goodbye. So even if somewhere people can't do swimming in uh
Jesse
in the uh
Yeah. Yes, I think
they have reached their minimum 25 minute mark. Uh more
I think it said minimum 25 when we started at 11 or two, so it's 11:27. Uh huh
I
think
Yeah.
No problem. Yeah, because I started at 11:02 and then it's at least 25 and it's 20
sure, sure. Yeah. But it was nice talking to you, getting to know you and I hope I get to travel. Sorry, my name. English.
Every nice to meet you like actually
though.
thank you, Thanks for that. And uh all right here,