this is Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Different. Oh, 30 seconds coffee. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, All right. Wait for five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Hi there.
I'm very good.
Oh yeah, this is my second time. My first time was kind of late at night. And then yeah, the
person did show up be there. So Uh
I'm doing good. Uh So where you at?
I'm in Portland Oregon. So the yeah, the other end.
So
um it's okay. I mean, you know, I think it's a lot better than when when it started like couple hidden what march
or
Yeah, so I mean there's still restriction, things are slowly opening up. But again, I mean, I don't know if it's the same case in boston where the
that was going again.
yeah, yeah. And then I heard new york is, you know, pretty bad too, you know like, but but yeah, I mean, you know, we we're just trying to stay here as much as possible. Only go out like, you know we need to go by good.
Yeah. But so far like no summer vacation or
even though because we're at the coast or a lot of people traveling. Oh yeah.
So it's a it's been.
Oh yeah sure. I mean like normally we travel like out of town trying to stay the night somewhere for the weekend end up yeah with with everything going on we're not too sure. So we're just playing it safe, you know play it safe and they just stay in town. We hung out with a different family and friends but other than that
so do you you stay by yourself, do you live by yourself or?
No again.
sure.
Yeah I stay here with my wife and two kids. Yeah so
I can't imagine you know like lockdown by yourself, you know?
Yeah I mean spend I don't know spend too much time online like
yeah school's out so hard, you know especially you know obviously I work from home since dependent. Yeah,
luckily there's an office but even with that you know I have to like lock the door so they don't come in. Uh Yeah but now school's out so it'll be it'll be curious to see what's going to happen.
Yeah for next school year so great.
there and their next year they're gonna be second and four. Yeah. So.
it's still mad. Yeah
so they can hear themselves which is good. Uh But it was still for now
and
you know
they
Yeah they keep themselves they see for the most part until they started fighting. Yeah.
That's a good thing to spend your time in. Nobody.
I I still feel like movie theaters are complete like and I don't you know like I'm not probably the type of person that only go like twice or three times the most in the year two in the theater so you know trying to just watch every you know with netflix just watch it home I think it's a lot easier. So yeah so with this I mean like sure we as a family we've been watching a lot of movies you know at home because that's pretty much the only entertainment that we can have. So what? But I mean you know I don't know people keep on talking like this is going to be the normal you know I mean as much as I
don't want it to be but I guess.
Yeah we'll see just like you know it's it's you know everywhere you go out now people wearing mask and stuff like so it's like a common I don't know just a currency review. Yeah
and then.
You know there there's been just news afternoons where you know people get in trouble or people finally gender just because you know some of them were mass and some is not so you know. Yeah it's definitely a tough time you know as much as yeah.
Yeah I mean in Portland you know just the timing with with the pandemic and
then with all the social injustice you know
like
I mean in Portland here we're going straight what 29 30 days straight of of like just demonstration. Yeah
given like you know the first couple one was like the one that got into serious problem where people started getting destroying stuff. Uh But even like the last couple ones there are some problem with like people burning stuff,
you know? Yeah. I mean and then to me it's just like come on, you know, there's gonna be some more productive for us,
I mean given the
circumstances
with pandemic, you know, you don't want to going to like cause it to become worse but at the same time anyway, that's just my view on
you know.
Yeah. It's it's tough. I know it's a serious matter, especially for those who impacted and things like
that. But
I mean like to me it's like, you know, I don't know, there's much more like a better way. You can kind of say like, hey, I'm with you. You know I had other social justice, you know, you can volunteer at places, you
know, you know search the community and things like that, you know, protesting and then destroying things. You know, I'm sure it's not intend, but there's just some people who just want to, you know, take advantage of the situation. It's like your hands just tough enough.
I work in the I. T. Like kinda yeah about,
well.
Trust.
Yeah. There's there's a lot of chemical engineer here like, you know, because obviously there's a lot of semiconductor. I mean obviously Nike oh, it tells one here. So so yeah.
I live in in in Hillsboro Oregon. Like you were 10 so you know, suburbs. But that's where until our like Five emphasis,
it's literally like 5:10 minutes drive from my house, you know.
Yeah. So in this neighborhood and this, you know, there's a lot of people that works at until Nike because those are like big companies, you know.
Very cool. Yeah. Uh huh.
yeah, there you are.
Well I I personally I don't think you would have problem looking for a job. It's such a niche, you know, and then you know it's just needed and then it's not like there's thousands of chemical engineers out there like. Yeah. So
but definitely definitely I know I have a couple of people that work at the you know the um
but well I just sent out the waiver companies and things like that. There's a yeah, so there's a lot of companies just can't remember their names but you know there's going four or 5 and there are good ones, you know, triquint semiconductor, that's one. Yeah and then and so yeah.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Yeah that's that's be arming, I just deal with it. Yes.
it's good like the nicest thing is just being able to work from home and not you know it was you know just remote it from my office and then I worked the same you know more efficient probably to any interested at work like he thinks I need that you know. But
Oh yeah the first locked in when I was meeting not to interrupt me so yeah so at least they know that and then they can hear you because I just turn up the volume so they know. Yeah. Yeah.
Um Actually Portland is actually on the north northern side border. If you want to go to like the south south south there inside It probably takes me about 6 7 hours to and then that's just like northern California so they're talking about sacrament.
So
if you want to go down to like the big city like L. A. San Francisco first that's the next six hours and then from several delegates. Another six hours. Yeah so the closest other big cities actually up north which is Seattle Washington.
Yeah all the people was like Oregon Seattle even Vancouver Canada british Columbia. It's all beautiful. Yeah it's all if you like you know outdoor this is the place you
want to want to live. Yeah.
that's the nicest thing about summer here. Like right now it's like Low 70s so it's you know.
Yeah so it's not hot in human like the east coast because I've been I've been to new york you know philadelphia. I need you. I've never been to boston though so but but
but I'm I figure it's similar you know I stayed there somewhere where it's just hot, happier air conditioning on all the time
and then it's just like snow we can cover.
Oh yeah you know what tornado? Our winter is really. The outside about the pacific northwest is just strange. It so summer is beautiful. Summer is perfect. You know 80, it hits 9800 I think we only have a handful of 90°
this year. So it's been a really mild summer this year. Last year we have obviously like weeks of just you know, hot weather and it's usually try, it's not human. Yeah
and then yeah
falling spring is really nice winter.
Yeah. Yeah winter just bring a lot, you know we'll get occasional like a couple inches of snow like once or twice.
But
that's it. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's
funny.
Oh no, no we have skin here, it's just it's up in the mountains so we're where I live. Uh It's the nicest thing about living in Oregon. I live closer to the text me about one hour to go to the beach or it takes me about an hour and a half to go to the mountain. So. Oh yeah, so depending on the the weather, you know, obviously if we get a lot of snow, the lists are open and yeah, so so it's definitely out their destination there.
It
yeah. Yeah, it's pretty much flat. I know how like in the midwest, mid these, you know like you know mid us use was typically flat
then.
Oh and the organ has a lot of part national party, we have crater lake, I don't have been there. So you're like is brilliant. It used to be like uh you know, some years ago it's one of the biggest mouth and it blew its top. So we have
as a big creator and to go around the crater, it's probably, I don't know, it's At least 15 miles
around the crater. So the
creator
has a lake now so you can beautiful. It's definitely it's a national park people visit
there quite a bit. Yeah. So
and then and then in the middle because it's still an active volcano. There's another little mini topic called the Wizard Island because they start popping up. So. Yeah.
Well there's no more top but you can drive around the crater. Yeah. Yeah you can do that. You can even take a boat to go to that little Wizard Island that form.
Yeah, if you like the outdoor there's definitely you will not run out of
attraction. You know just just seeing like volcano. And obviously if you go up north a little bit to Mount ST Helens. Yeah Mount ST helens is uh you know because in back in 1982 so and it blew like portion of it on the top so and then yeah I I mountain bike up two months. It's beautiful up there when you get up there it's like like the terrain is not so different. It's like you're on a military something because of their option than everything.
Mhm.
yeah
it's a destination. Yeah. Yeah the mecca or what they call it we're gonna have some but you know it's not actually some other states around us were still small by like yeah obviously Washington Seattle has a really good trail like I mean but the best place to go is usually whistler which is
that
is
no it's in Canada. Yeah.
Yeah so it's it's about I would say about 4050 miles from Vancouver Canada. Yeah with parents were like you know the last I think maybe the last couple winter olympics ago they had it there at the village. Yes.
Right.
Yeah, I'm looking around too. It's pretty expensive too. But you know it's kind of nice like when we go up north, when we go to Vancouver, I've been their hands
all
the time. You know it's always nice because the exchange rate, it's always benefit the U. S. Dollar. So it feels like even though when people say oh stuff is so expensive, do I feel like this is the bargain?
I'll like like even like Mexico and stuff. Yeah.
No
he had never been to South America. I know bucket list. Right. Yeah. Even though with now as much as I love
traveling with
all dependent. Yeah.
I don't even know when as soon as because we have plans with the kids that we're going to take them to Disneyland this year.
Disney. Yeah. Yeah. So now with this I mean when can you go to students? You know
and doing
that?
So Disneyland is in California. It's in L. A. Disney world is in Orlando.
world is bigger. So that the world has like four or 5 15 park, like all crime. So they're huge. Like you can you cannot literally like
go through one thing part. It's literally one thing part per day and that's pushing it. Yeah. Do you want to enjoy every attraction goes to everything? One thing part you want to spend like at least two days per team part. Yeah. So there's like four in Orlando in California, There's only two.
time ago. That was back in college. Yeah, so it is just far right, we're on the way. But California is like the one that makes the most
sense. You
just
yeah, you only have several hours. Yeah. And but were you collect the conference close to the park door?
I see, I see.
very mm
Uh huh. Yeah, texas says uh that's, that's the new street. I didn't realize texas has speeches too.
Skydiving.
Yeah. You know in Oregon beaches to its it's nice.
It's beautiful. But the problem is with any beaches like starting from Oregon and Washington, it is cold water
because
like you get, you get the water drift from Alaska.
Yes. But no matter how hot it is outside, let's say it's like 100° outside, right? Jump in the water, the water, it's like 40°.. It's like ice cold. So it's like, so literally like, like for me personally it hurts because it like it hurts your bones like when you go in. Yeah, people do surfing it like they do like surfing and stuff but they for what to like, you know, I had to tell.
okay. They'll swim but it's just cold. Yeah. People, yeah, you can't stay in the water for a long time. You can literally get hyper through because it's that cold. Yeah, it's really cool. It's it's just fun. You know like you're in your short t shirt right? It's hot.
That's the water. It's high school. Yeah. That's the downside of the basically the the beaches.
Yeah, but it's beautiful. I mean like, you know, we still hang out there. I mean we still, I'm very successful but you don't feel like a lot of people like in the water swimming, you know? There are some but not a lot. Yeah.
Doing.
So how many what minutes do you have? Because I
So do you think it's time now or
cause I
don't I have a counter because I started I think two minutes uh
I think mhm. I'm sorry. I'm trying to do that.
Right. Right. Alright, so well uh let's wait another 32nd here, so I just get my clock right.
Interest. I'm eric Yes.
And that's
it. Yeah. Maybe, I don't know. Maybe our path across sometimes you're but the lack of looking for work. So hopefully, you know, you get to find a good job for you. Yeah.
mm. All right, bye bye.