SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: Hello
SPEAKER_R: Oh hi. Um What's up?
SPEAKER_L: before hey? Uh Not much just doing this prolific study.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Um What got you onto prolific originally?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've been trying to become like digital nomad someone that can make money and travel like make money wherever you're at, basically. I found it I found out about prolific on a subreddit
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: called.
SPEAKER_R: it R slash beer money?
SPEAKER_L: No, it's R slash work online.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. I need to find more sites so you know, maybe I'll look into that later.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've tried out a few different ones um prolific is one that have made like a, we can't say like a decent amount, but you know, at the end of the week, it's like an extra like 5 $10 you know, and any anything helps, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: What? So did you find out about prolific too? R slash beer money?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Yeah. I don't know. There's there's just always a ton of sites that like you do little surveys and whatnot and get some money. So it's Uh huh. College student life. Yeah. Um There wasn't any like specific topic we're supposed to talk about. Right,
SPEAKER_L: No, no, it said like just talk about whatever. And for 25 minutes. Did you start a timer?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we start I want uh
SPEAKER_L: 11
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: 30.
SPEAKER_R: two minutes ago. Yeah. Um So you play guitar? Like the posters behind you,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I do actually have some guitars hanging up right there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what do you like to play?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Mostly electric. Mostly like um lead guitar melodies and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Are you in a band?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not right now, actually. Kind of when I I play bass in the band. Not guitar, you play any instruments?
SPEAKER_R: I play the cello. Yeah, but that's nothing nowhere as cool as the guitar I think.
SPEAKER_L: no I've heard some really cool cello pieces.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I really want to get into like electric guitar but trying to get a whole new guitar or a whole new cello or hold on to your back up, I really want to get into electric cello, but getting a whole new cello is a little expensive. Mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Would you would you get like a different sound out of an electric cello?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I've tried it at like the shop before, but it's like you can plug it into an amp and everything, so it just sounds cooler I guess.
SPEAKER_L: You can yeah like add distortion and like X. To it and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So where is like your travel list? Where all do you want to go?
SPEAKER_L: Um Latin America. I've really been learning a lot of spanish. I spent some time in Mexico last year. Um So I want to go back there but I also really want to go to Peru and Colombia. Um Dominican republic, Costa rica. Yeah there's just like a lot of countries in like central and south America that I really want to kind of explore and. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's so cool. Have you been to, have you been to a lot of places already? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: In in the U. S. Yes I've I've like driven all over like in the last 12 or like 14 months I've probably been accounted like 35 states. Um And then I went out to like Thailand for a couple weeks two years ago and I've been to Mexico and Puerto rico and Aruba. But that's really it.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Not so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah I've I recently like fell in love with traveling like a couple years ago and like it was actually my trip to Thailand. I went there and I had like such an amazing time but it felt like it was cut off short and I was just like why why do I have to go home? Like what I want to do is like stay longer and explore for explore more. But it was like that that made me realize that I had to quit my job to go travel long term. Yeah okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So did you, did you end up quitting your job to travel a long term?
SPEAKER_L: I did. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mm. What's
SPEAKER_L: I saved up money like I planned it out you know like I didn't end up quitting my job for like six months after that trip. So
SPEAKER_R: uh what did you do? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was working as a quality assurance analyst for a software company. Um I was basically like finding bugs and tracking bugs and working with developers on fixing bugs and stuff like that. It might actually before. Um do you use canvas at your university I worked for in structure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I think so far our campus is better than a lot of the other like grade Softwares that we've used.
SPEAKER_L: What's not? Perfect. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean with every software there's always room for improvement, but no,
SPEAKER_L: And that's that's what I've heard a lot is because I've never used blackboard um or any other really like Ellison our LMS. But that's what I keep hearing like Canada's is better but it's still like annoying and still kind of hard to use.
SPEAKER_R: as far as um that those kinds of software goes, I think canvases more streamlined than blackboard, blackboard is the clunky ist software I've ever had to deal with
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what occurred.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think canvas allows the professors to like do a lot more with it, so I really like that aspect, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what what do you mean? Are yeah, what are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Mechanical engineering.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Yeah. I have not like that sounds like really kind of complicated. Yeah. Uh huh. What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not I'm only a few years and so I'm not like in the nitty gritty part of it yet, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: you study?
SPEAKER_L: work you're going to get after you graduate?
SPEAKER_R: I want to work in medical devices. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I have a friend that studied, I think he called it like, like bioengineering and that's And he actually works for a company here in Salt Lake City. That's like some kind of medical device company.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: would you want to tell me the company name so I can look it up and apply for an internship?
SPEAKER_L: I honestly don't even know what the company name is. I could ask him, but
SPEAKER_R: I don't think
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: know, like
SPEAKER_R: ever be talking again though,
SPEAKER_L: come on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'll google it later. Or like medical companies in Salt Lake City. Um Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: consider going into biomedical or bioengineering but um when I want to build like the hardware less so than um like finding
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: out the science behind it so that's more BME or be but I think like at the end of the day all kinds of engineering have to come together to make something that works so we'll see. What did you study in college or school or whatever,
SPEAKER_L: Um Computer science. All right. Yeah. So what I'm trying to do now is like basically just pursue that like as a programmer basically as a web developer, um creating websites and applications. That's when I say that I want to become a digital nomad and like the ideal goal is two to basically be able to be my own boss and make websites for clients.
SPEAKER_R: Also a lot of freelancing work. Right? Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. Mm
SPEAKER_L: That, yeah, freelancing, you know, I tried the company thing with a big tech company and it was awesome in structures an amazing company and they um and it's funny even though they had a policy of like unlimited PTO is what they tell their employees, like it's really not unlimited and right, you still have to like, you still have a boss to answer to you in a place to be at this time and I don't know, I'll eventually go back to like a corporate setting someday, but right now I'm kind of enjoying the freedom that comes with finding my own work, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well mad respect.
SPEAKER_L: Open
SPEAKER_R: There's so many people that are just chained to their like 9 to 5 and they're so terrified of ever breaking out of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it was a really tough decision to like leave my job because I've always been the type of person, it's like, you know, steadfast with working and saving money and like keeping on staying on top of my finances, but um yeah, I just figured like what I really want to do is like not what I'm doing, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you a very self motivated person?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah you could say that I I'm kind of always pushing myself to like pursue new things. Mhm. And you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know like I like the idea like I want to believe that I like pushing myself to do new things, but I think I have a very hard time holding myself accountable, so if if I was to say I'm going to quit my job to go travel the world, I feel like I would have a hard time following through without everything. So but then again, you know, maybe it's just because I'm like young and naive and immature, so
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Yeah, I'm just saying like I I say that I I like to push myself to proceeding things, but at the same time there's been plenty of things that I've started and just like dropped, oh yeah, I can have, I can struggle with holding myself accountable as well. Um Where are you studying at?
SPEAKER_R: Cornell. It's up in Ithaca new york.
SPEAKER_L: It's okay, cool, I was in Ithaca, what was it like september august, I was in the Ithaca in august, it was my first time there,
SPEAKER_R: what do you think?
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome, it's such a cool little city that's like tucked in the cat feels.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I don't really know the mountain ranges there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's like I don't know the mountain ranges out there either. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, I liked it.
SPEAKER_R: Um where did you study?
SPEAKER_L: So here in Salt Lake City um I went to a community college um and then after that I actually recently went to a developer boot camp like three or four years ago to really I kind of like pursue web development and in particular.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I'm guessing you really like it if you're still stuck with it. Huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I like it, it's you know coding is coding. Um It's I like the balance of like creating something that looks nice, like there's a creative aspect to it but as well as like a like logical problem solving aspects to it as well. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my my dad is a web developer and he's getting pretty old now, but he's still like learning new languages very often just to keep up with the times and you know, that's the reason why I did not choose to be a web developer because I because from what my friends have told me, you have two options as you grow older into like the web developing world. It's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: like you keep learning new programs to keep up with everything or you become like a manager and you're just like, you know how things work, but you don't necessarily know the language. Yeah, and I don't think I could ever do something like that and also I don't have the mind for coding, like I'm just bad at it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, that's something I really didn't take into consideration when I got into the field. Um Because yeah and in the short amount of time that I've started I've seen a lot of change in the industry so yeah that's something that I've kind of had to keep in mind like seeing like a new trend and being like, oh, I should probably like know what this is. So, yeah, it's kind of like a never ending learning process with staying on top of technology.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But at the same time it's actually really fascinating just how much we're able to create and learn from all of this. I think I think while having to constantly keep up with the advances in computer science, I think um the the pro of it is that you never really have to stop learning, you know because you know, things like mechanics and thermodynamics that kind of stuff never changes. You just keep applying it again and again, but we'll see us. It's like you just you just keep learning and it's kind of cool. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. When, when it comes to the web, you know, it's still kind of relatively like a new thing on your 30 years old. So there's a part of me that thinks that at some point it's going to plateau and we're going to find like the perfect tech to just stick with, but I don't think that will happen honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Maybe not for a while but mm How many programming languages do you know? Or which ones do you know?
SPEAKER_L: So javascript is like the one that I'm really familiar with work with. Um, I know my way around like python and a little bit of ruby as well. And then just like the basic java that I learned, you know, back
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: in CS.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The classic set Nice. The one coding class that I took at school is matt lab and it's like the language that most engineers need to know but it's like a glorified calculator. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't think we messed with that at all when I was
SPEAKER_R: you don't need to um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: There's a lot of like a lot of engineers use it for computational stuff so because you can do a lot of differential equations with it. And a lot of like cool like math the tech things but when like you don't need to use it to coat a game or like anything, anything like that, like you can use it but it's like clunky and you don't it's not really efficient as like python for something like that, you know? So I my sister who is um she's she's going to medical school but she she learned python and she used to make fun of me for learning Math lab but now she's doing research at a neuroscience place and all they use is that lab. So I got I got the last word and I'm kind of happy about
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. So what is it, is like super cold out in new york right now?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually home for winter break so I'm in Georgia. But yes I would assume it's very cold in new york right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have a friend that my cousin lives in boston, he keeps telling me that it's just cold as hell out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'd bet too because of its next to the the coast right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really windy.
SPEAKER_L: Super far north. They have like, what they call like nor'easters forms that are just like really cold.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Is what, what is it like in Salt Lake City?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I want to say that it's cold, but it's not as cold as probably new york or places further north. Like we have snow outside, but today's kind of warm. It's probably like our 40 degrees outside. Um but it's sunny. Don't know. We kind of had like some snow storms come through over the holidays,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Well I never imagined Salt Lake City's in Nevada, right.
SPEAKER_L: Utah
SPEAKER_R: Don't get it. I should have all prod. I'm embarrassed now. I'm sorry of Utah. Yes, I was I think I was thinking of las Vegas just in them. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I don't think I would ever like think of Utah as a state of having snow which is, I never knew that. That's interesting because I would think it's like in the south and warm a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When you probably here of Utah or have seen pictures of it, you've probably seen like the red rocks of the national parks and those are, yeah, those are in southern Utah that it is pretty interesting how like the southern half of Utah's like straight desert with nothing but um you know like red rock formations and like really know not many trees and stuff, but Northern
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Guitar is like where the Rocky mountains are at and yeah, it's like a pretty big difference between northern and southern Utah.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. I really want to go in like west area but like Salt Lake City is one of the places that I would want to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean Salt Lake City as a tourist destination really? There isn't much, no, they fell about like the surrounding like um like if you're into nature like Utah in general is like an amazing place to explorer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sounds like it.
SPEAKER_L: So you've never been out on the west Coast.
SPEAKER_R: I've been to san Francisco and that's it. Yeah. But um we're we're pretty East people if that makes sense. I don't know my my family and I would just usually just stick to the east coast. Yeah. Um Do you have like a favorite state that you've been to?
SPEAKER_L: Um it's probably California.
SPEAKER_R: Mm What part of California?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean as a, as a state in whole like they it's so big so it's like three states but that's probably my favorite state just because there are so many different like places and so many different like like subcultures within the state. Um But yeah like from san Diego all the way up to northern California. Um I don't know, I mean I love san Diego but then I also really enjoy san Francisco in the bay area. I actually lived there for a few years when I was young and but yeah they have all sorts of like when it comes to nature, you know you have like the redwoods in the north, you know like Yosemite National Park and then like Sequoia National Forest and the the big Sur coastline. Like it's just a gorgeous state and it's like really diverse as well. Geo geographically.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Are you really big on nature
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am and I think that's probably because I was born and raised here in Utah. Um The mountains have always been like a 20 minute drive away. So.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice mm. Um I wish I wish I could say this. I don't know I I would love the chance to get out into nature more. Um Are like the biggest like tourist nature attraction in Georgia is like Stone mountain. Have you been?
SPEAKER_L: No, I've
SPEAKER_R: It is?
SPEAKER_L: heard, I've heard of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's the Monument to the Confederacy. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Really?
SPEAKER_R: but but they have this really cool firework show every year so um a lot of people are if you're into history in nature it's it's a pretty cool place to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I spent um I spent last fall driving around the east coast.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh
SPEAKER_L: So I basically made my way up from like main like Arcadia National Park all the way down to Miami. Um and I went through what they called Blue Ridge Parkway,
SPEAKER_R: ooh.
SPEAKER_L: which is really near my friend lives in Atlanta. So we spent some time there as well.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Blue Ridge is are gorgeous. Um When my parents drove me up to Ethical, we my dad insisted on taking the scenic uh scenic route through the Blue Ridge and we would stop like every five minutes to take a photo. But the thing is it's the road is so long and the mountains are just blue and they're just they're still blue after five minutes, you know?
SPEAKER_L: like gorgeous and yeah, it was like a stretch of, I don't even know, 3, 405 100 miles. And yeah, the first like 50 to 100 miles me and my friend were, yeah pulling over at every stop like gorgeous and then you know taking pictures then the last leg of the trip, we were like, it's still gorgeous. It kind of looks similar to like the first leg of the, we we didn't stop nearly as often.
SPEAKER_R: Um Where did you go in? Ithaca like what different parts of it?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I actually stayed at my friend's cabin, like I think it's 10 or 15 minutes outside of Ithaca. So we went into Ithaca to have like lunch a couple times. I didn't spend much time at all in there, just kind of driving around the downtown area. But um yeah, but isn't there like a huge lake that's like sits right next to the city? Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, one of the finger lakes.
SPEAKER_L: See I didn't get a chance to see that and then there's all sorts of waterfalls around as well.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, they Cornell does a not a great job, like putting up railings around the gorges and waterfalls that we have. We've actually this is well this conversation is now morbid, but um there's been a few students that like they would commit suicide from like stressful Nous school or like they would just fall in and
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like there's yeah we have, we have a lot of more gorgeous and waterfalls, but there's like two or three waterfalls, like right on campus. So
SPEAKER_L: and they were just like drown themselves.
SPEAKER_R: pretty much like most recently there was a kid who, um, he went to like a rush event or a dirty rush event and that night he, like, he went missing and then a few days later they found his body like in a gorge and people still don't know really what happened, because it wasn't like if he was going back to his dorm, it wasn't the direction of his dorm, it wasn't the direction of college town, it was like a waterfall or gorge that he really wasn't supposed to be here at all, but still technically part of campus. Yeah, but it's, it's been pretty bad in the last like decade or so to the point where they've shut down a few access points and they've like added safety nets so that if you, if you do jump at least like you won't fallen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Cornell is where is it? And Carl Sagan go to Cornell.
SPEAKER_R: I I I think that's a myth if I remember correctly, he taught at Cornell, but he didn't go to school at Cornell Bill and I went to Cornell though.
SPEAKER_L: Oh maybe that's what I'm thinking of. One of those famous famous science guys. Well we started um well it's 11 30 here at 1 30 year time. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes. It's definitely been 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: It said that we get like $15 right? I hope that's pretty decent. Like 30 bucks an hour. Yeah. You get used to this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well, it was nice talking to you, Do you know we just like close the browser. Do we have to do anything?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I'm checking, I'm reading this really quick um once you open the chat window.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's been 28 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, there's like a blue button at the bottom of that page, so I think you just hit that after we're done. So
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well it was nice talking to you. Bye.