Hello
before hey? Uh Not much just doing this prolific study.
Um I've been trying to become like digital nomad someone that can make money and travel like make money wherever you're at, basically. I found it I found out about prolific on a subreddit
called.
No, it's R slash work online.
Yeah, I've tried out a few different ones um prolific is one that have made like a, we can't say like a decent amount, but you know, at the end of the week, it's like an extra like 5 $10 you know, and any anything helps, you know? Mhm.
What? So did you find out about prolific too? R slash beer money?
No, no, it said like just talk about whatever. And for 25 minutes. Did you start a timer?
11
30.
Yeah. Yeah. I do actually have some guitars hanging up right there. Mhm.
Right. Yeah. Mostly electric. Mostly like um lead guitar melodies and stuff like that.
Um Not right now, actually. Kind of when I I play bass in the band. Not guitar, you play any instruments?
no I've heard some really cool cello pieces.
Would you would you get like a different sound out of an electric cello?
You can yeah like add distortion and like X. To it and stuff.
Um Latin America. I've really been learning a lot of spanish. I spent some time in Mexico last year. Um So I want to go back there but I also really want to go to Peru and Colombia. Um Dominican republic, Costa rica. Yeah there's just like a lot of countries in like central and south America that I really want to kind of explore and. Mhm.
In in the U. S. Yes I've I've like driven all over like in the last 12 or like 14 months I've probably been accounted like 35 states. Um And then I went out to like Thailand for a couple weeks two years ago and I've been to Mexico and Puerto rico and Aruba. But that's really it.
Mhm. Yeah I've I recently like fell in love with traveling like a couple years ago and like it was actually my trip to Thailand. I went there and I had like such an amazing time but it felt like it was cut off short and I was just like why why do I have to go home? Like what I want to do is like stay longer and explore for explore more. But it was like that that made me realize that I had to quit my job to go travel long term. Yeah okay
I did. Yeah
I saved up money like I planned it out you know like I didn't end up quitting my job for like six months after that trip. So
I was working as a quality assurance analyst for a software company. Um I was basically like finding bugs and tracking bugs and working with developers on fixing bugs and stuff like that. It might actually before. Um do you use canvas at your university I worked for in structure. Yeah.
What's not? Perfect. Right.
And that's that's what I've heard a lot is because I've never used blackboard um or any other really like Ellison our LMS. But that's what I keep hearing like Canada's is better but it's still like annoying and still kind of hard to use.
That's
what occurred.
So what what do you mean? Are yeah, what are you studying?
Cool. Yeah. I have not like that sounds like really kind of complicated. Yeah. Uh huh. What?
What
kind
of
work you're going to get after you graduate?
Okay. I have a friend that studied, I think he called it like, like bioengineering and that's And he actually works for a company here in Salt Lake City. That's like some kind of medical device company.
Mhm.
I honestly don't even know what the company name is. I could ask him, but
you
know, like
come on. Uh huh.
Mhm.
No.
Um Computer science. All right. Yeah. So what I'm trying to do now is like basically just pursue that like as a programmer basically as a web developer, um creating websites and applications. That's when I say that I want to become a digital nomad and like the ideal goal is two to basically be able to be my own boss and make websites for clients.
Right.
That, yeah, freelancing, you know, I tried the company thing with a big tech company and it was awesome in structures an amazing company and they um and it's funny even though they had a policy of like unlimited PTO is what they tell their employees, like it's really not unlimited and right, you still have to like, you still have a boss to answer to you in a place to be at this time and I don't know, I'll eventually go back to like a corporate setting someday, but right now I'm kind of enjoying the freedom that comes with finding my own work, you know,
Open
Yeah, I mean it was a really tough decision to like leave my job because I've always been the type of person, it's like, you know, steadfast with working and saving money and like keeping on staying on top of my finances, but um yeah, I just figured like what I really want to do is like not what I'm doing, you know? Yeah.
Um Yeah you could say that I I'm kind of always pushing myself to like pursue new things. Mhm. And you?
Uh huh. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Yeah, I'm just saying like I I say that I I like to push myself to proceeding things, but at the same time there's been plenty of things that I've started and just like dropped, oh yeah, I can have, I can struggle with holding myself accountable as well. Um Where are you studying at?
It's okay, cool, I was in Ithaca, what was it like september august, I was in the Ithaca in august, it was my first time there,
it's awesome, it's such a cool little city that's like tucked in the cat feels.
Yeah, there's like I don't know the mountain ranges out there either. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, I liked it.
So here in Salt Lake City um I went to a community college um and then after that I actually recently went to a developer boot camp like three or four years ago to really I kind of like pursue web development and in particular.
Yeah I like it, it's you know coding is coding. Um It's I like the balance of like creating something that looks nice, like there's a creative aspect to it but as well as like a like logical problem solving aspects to it as well. Mhm. Yeah.
Well
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, that's something I really didn't take into consideration when I got into the field. Um Because yeah and in the short amount of time that I've started I've seen a lot of change in the industry so yeah that's something that I've kind of had to keep in mind like seeing like a new trend and being like, oh, I should probably like know what this is. So, yeah, it's kind of like a never ending learning process with staying on top of technology.
Yeah. Yeah. When, when it comes to the web, you know, it's still kind of relatively like a new thing on your 30 years old. So there's a part of me that thinks that at some point it's going to plateau and we're going to find like the perfect tech to just stick with, but I don't think that will happen honestly.
So javascript is like the one that I'm really familiar with work with. Um, I know my way around like python and a little bit of ruby as well. And then just like the basic java that I learned, you know, back
in CS.
I don't think we messed with that at all when I was
Uh huh.
yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. So what is it, is like super cold out in new york right now?
Yeah. I have a friend that my cousin lives in boston, he keeps telling me that it's just cold as hell out there.
Yeah.
Super far north. They have like, what they call like nor'easters forms that are just like really cold.
Yeah. Um I want to say that it's cold, but it's not as cold as probably new york or places further north. Like we have snow outside, but today's kind of warm. It's probably like our 40 degrees outside. Um but it's sunny. Don't know. We kind of had like some snow storms come through over the holidays,
Utah
Yeah. When you probably here of Utah or have seen pictures of it, you've probably seen like the red rocks of the national parks and those are, yeah, those are in southern Utah that it is pretty interesting how like the southern half of Utah's like straight desert with nothing but um you know like red rock formations and like really know not many trees and stuff, but Northern
Guitar is like where the Rocky mountains are at and yeah, it's like a pretty big difference between northern and southern Utah.
Yeah, I mean Salt Lake City as a tourist destination really? There isn't much, no, they fell about like the surrounding like um like if you're into nature like Utah in general is like an amazing place to explorer.
So you've never been out on the west Coast.
Um it's probably California.
Well, I mean as a, as a state in whole like they it's so big so it's like three states but that's probably my favorite state just because there are so many different like places and so many different like like subcultures within the state. Um But yeah like from san Diego all the way up to northern California. Um I don't know, I mean I love san Diego but then I also really enjoy san Francisco in the bay area. I actually lived there for a few years when I was young and but yeah they have all sorts of like when it comes to nature, you know you have like the redwoods in the north, you know like Yosemite National Park and then like Sequoia National Forest and the the big Sur coastline. Like it's just a gorgeous state and it's like really diverse as well. Geo geographically.
Yeah I am and I think that's probably because I was born and raised here in Utah. Um The mountains have always been like a 20 minute drive away. So.
No, I've
heard, I've heard of it.
Really?
Yeah, I spent um I spent last fall driving around the east coast.
So I basically made my way up from like main like Arcadia National Park all the way down to Miami. Um and I went through what they called Blue Ridge Parkway,
which is really near my friend lives in Atlanta. So we spent some time there as well.
like gorgeous and yeah, it was like a stretch of, I don't even know, 3, 405 100 miles. And yeah, the first like 50 to 100 miles me and my friend were, yeah pulling over at every stop like gorgeous and then you know taking pictures then the last leg of the trip, we were like, it's still gorgeous. It kind of looks similar to like the first leg of the, we we didn't stop nearly as often.
Um So I actually stayed at my friend's cabin, like I think it's 10 or 15 minutes outside of Ithaca. So we went into Ithaca to have like lunch a couple times. I didn't spend much time at all in there, just kind of driving around the downtown area. But um yeah, but isn't there like a huge lake that's like sits right next to the city? Right?
See I didn't get a chance to see that and then there's all sorts of waterfalls around as well.
No,
and they were just like drown themselves.
Cornell is where is it? And Carl Sagan go to Cornell.
Oh maybe that's what I'm thinking of. One of those famous famous science guys. Well we started um well it's 11 30 here at 1 30 year time. Right?
It said that we get like $15 right? I hope that's pretty decent. Like 30 bucks an hour. Yeah. You get used to this. Yeah.
Oh um I'm checking, I'm reading this really quick um once you open the chat window.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, there's like a blue button at the bottom of that page, so I think you just hit that after we're done. So