Who?
Oh hi. Um What's up?
Uh huh. Um What got you onto prolific originally?
Is
it R slash beer money?
Oh that's cool. I need to find more sites so you know, maybe I'll look into that later.
sorry, go ahead.
I think so. Yeah. I don't know. There's there's just always a ton of sites that like you do little surveys and whatnot and get some money. So it's Uh huh. College student life. Yeah. Um There wasn't any like specific topic we're supposed to talk about. Right,
Yeah, we start I want uh
like
two minutes ago. Yeah. Um So you play guitar? Like the posters behind you,
what do you like to play?
That's cool. Are you in a band?
I play the cello. Yeah, but that's nothing nowhere as cool as the guitar I think.
Mhm. I really want to get into like electric guitar but trying to get a whole new guitar or a whole new cello or hold on to your back up, I really want to get into electric cello, but getting a whole new cello is a little expensive. Mm. Yeah.
Yeah, I think I've tried it at like the shop before, but it's like you can plug it into an amp and everything, so it just sounds cooler I guess.
Mhm. So where is like your travel list? Where all do you want to go?
Yeah, that's so cool. Have you been to, have you been to a lot of places already? Mhm
mm. Not so cool.
Yeah. So did you, did you end up quitting your job to travel a long term?
Mm. What's
uh what did you do? Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. I think so far our campus is better than a lot of the other like grade Softwares that we've used.
Yeah, I mean with every software there's always room for improvement, but no,
as far as um that those kinds of software goes, I think canvases more streamlined than blackboard, blackboard is the clunky ist software I've ever had to deal with
and
yeah, I think canvas allows the professors to like do a lot more with it, so I really like that aspect, you know? Yeah.
Mechanical engineering.
I'm not I'm only a few years and so I'm not like in the nitty gritty part of it yet, so yeah,
what
did
you study?
I want to work in medical devices. Yeah. Mhm.
Oh, that's cool. Um
would you want to tell me the company name so I can look it up and apply for an internship?
I don't think
we'll
ever be talking again though,
I'll google it later. Or like medical companies in Salt Lake City. Um Yeah, I
consider going into biomedical or bioengineering but um when I want to build like the hardware less so than um like finding
out the science behind it so that's more BME or be but I think like at the end of the day all kinds of engineering have to come together to make something that works so we'll see. What did you study in college or school or whatever,
Also a lot of freelancing work. Right? Yeah. Well
that's cool. Mm
Yeah. Well mad respect.
There's so many people that are just chained to their like 9 to 5 and they're so terrified of ever breaking out of that.
Yeah. Are you a very self motivated person?
Um I don't know like I like the idea like I want to believe that I like pushing myself to do new things, but I think I have a very hard time holding myself accountable, so if if I was to say I'm going to quit my job to go travel the world, I feel like I would have a hard time following through without everything. So but then again, you know, maybe it's just because I'm like young and naive and immature, so
Cornell. It's up in Ithaca new york.
what do you think?
Yeah, I think I don't really know the mountain ranges there.
Um where did you study?
Uh huh. I'm guessing you really like it if you're still stuck with it. Huh.
my my dad is a web developer and he's getting pretty old now, but he's still like learning new languages very often just to keep up with the times and you know, that's the reason why I did not choose to be a web developer because I because from what my friends have told me, you have two options as you grow older into like the web developing world. It's
like you keep learning new programs to keep up with everything or you become like a manager and you're just like, you know how things work, but you don't necessarily know the language. Yeah, and I don't think I could ever do something like that and also I don't have the mind for coding, like I'm just bad at it.
Yeah. But at the same time it's actually really fascinating just how much we're able to create and learn from all of this. I think I think while having to constantly keep up with the advances in computer science, I think um the the pro of it is that you never really have to stop learning, you know because you know, things like mechanics and thermodynamics that kind of stuff never changes. You just keep applying it again and again, but we'll see us. It's like you just you just keep learning and it's kind of cool. I don't know.
Uh huh. Maybe not for a while but mm How many programming languages do you know? Or which ones do you know?
Thanks.
Yeah. The classic set Nice. The one coding class that I took at school is matt lab and it's like the language that most engineers need to know but it's like a glorified calculator. Uh
you don't need to um
There's a lot of like a lot of engineers use it for computational stuff so because you can do a lot of differential equations with it. And a lot of like cool like math the tech things but when like you don't need to use it to coat a game or like anything, anything like that, like you can use it but it's like clunky and you don't it's not really efficient as like python for something like that, you know? So I my sister who is um she's she's going to medical school but she she learned python and she used to make fun of me for learning Math lab but now she's doing research at a neuroscience place and all they use is that lab. So I got I got the last word and I'm kind of happy about
I'm actually home for winter break so I'm in Georgia. But yes I would assume it's very cold in new york right now.
Yeah, I'd bet too because of its next to the the coast right?
Yeah, it's really windy.
Mm. Is what, what is it like in Salt Lake City?
Uh huh. Well I never imagined Salt Lake City's in Nevada, right.
Don't get it. I should have all prod. I'm embarrassed now. I'm sorry of Utah. Yes, I was I think I was thinking of las Vegas just in them. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, I don't think I would ever like think of Utah as a state of having snow which is, I never knew that. That's interesting because I would think it's like in the south and warm a lot.
What?
that's cool. I really want to go in like west area but like Salt Lake City is one of the places that I would want to go.
Yeah, sounds like it.
I've been to san Francisco and that's it. Yeah. But um we're we're pretty East people if that makes sense. I don't know my my family and I would just usually just stick to the east coast. Yeah. Um Do you have like a favorite state that you've been to?
Mm What part of California?
Mhm. Are you really big on nature
that's nice mm. Um I wish I wish I could say this. I don't know I I would love the chance to get out into nature more. Um Are like the biggest like tourist nature attraction in Georgia is like Stone mountain. Have you been?
It is?
Yeah it's the Monument to the Confederacy. Yeah
but but they have this really cool firework show every year so um a lot of people are if you're into history in nature it's it's a pretty cool place to go.
Ooh
ooh.
Uh huh. Blue Ridge is are gorgeous. Um When my parents drove me up to Ethical, we my dad insisted on taking the scenic uh scenic route through the Blue Ridge and we would stop like every five minutes to take a photo. But the thing is it's the road is so long and the mountains are just blue and they're just they're still blue after five minutes, you know?
Um Where did you go in? Ithaca like what different parts of it?
Yeah, one of the finger lakes.
Mhm. Yeah, they Cornell does a not a great job, like putting up railings around the gorges and waterfalls that we have. We've actually this is well this conversation is now morbid, but um there's been a few students that like they would commit suicide from like stressful Nous school or like they would just fall in and
like there's yeah we have, we have a lot of more gorgeous and waterfalls, but there's like two or three waterfalls, like right on campus. So
pretty much like most recently there was a kid who, um, he went to like a rush event or a dirty rush event and that night he, like, he went missing and then a few days later they found his body like in a gorge and people still don't know really what happened, because it wasn't like if he was going back to his dorm, it wasn't the direction of his dorm, it wasn't the direction of college town, it was like a waterfall or gorge that he really wasn't supposed to be here at all, but still technically part of campus. Yeah, but it's, it's been pretty bad in the last like decade or so to the point where they've shut down a few access points and they've like added safety nets so that if you, if you do jump at least like you won't fallen. Yeah.
I I I think that's a myth if I remember correctly, he taught at Cornell, but he didn't go to school at Cornell Bill and I went to Cornell though.
Yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes. It's definitely been 25 minutes.
All right. Well, it was nice talking to you, Do you know we just like close the browser. Do we have to do anything?
Oh yeah, it's been 28 minutes.
All right. Well it was nice talking to you. Bye.