Hello?
All right, you hear me? All right, Okay excellent. How's it going
this? Okay. It's uh it is now one pm here. How about you? Uh
Yeah East coast
florida. Okay. I'm uh I'm in New Mexico so Mountain time. Right? Yeah.
Since this year I've had one disconnect and I believe you're number four. Uh How
about you?
Yeah me too. Me too. And and this I still haven't figured out what exactly they're studying exactly but
but
like you said it's it's good pay for for doing it, you know?
Same
here. Okay.
I'm always on the hunt to and uh the best I found would be swag bucks but uh
Oh in one month
again?
I
think my best month has only been like $300 with everything combined,
you know? Which is still great. But yeah, I want to hit that $500 mark. That'd be nice.
Yeah that's
what I'm saying that
$300
was everything.
Okay.
I kind of took a couple of months off during that, started the pandemic. But thankfully, thankfully my wife, she works for a school district, so it was guaranteed paycheck and she's still, she's still, she's actually at the school right now because even though we're still, we're like in quasi lockdown, so certain days of the week they go in other days, it's just remote. So I'm actually in her office right now doing
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, me too. And that's why I'm going people around are the only things around or my cats and I don't care about talking in front of them.
The
How
uh I well, I don't know. I, I assume that everything was like starting to close back down again, but you said you're going in um
So
Yeah. Yeah. Um I rarely leave the house anyways, but you know, going to the store, whatever. Yeah. I'll put on the mask and whatnot. Um Where I'm from though. I live in a small town in a small county. So like we do still have cases though, but it's very minute compared to any mass population area ever, of course. Uh
All
Like you said, part of it is political lines, but the other part is, in my opinion, health wise, you know, because just like if they're so happened, like I said, my lady works at the school, like if all of a sudden they let all the kids back and then everybody got sick. You know what kind of, you know, like Austin
or
whatever
they would face. That kind of crap.
And place
you
Yeah, exactly. You have nothing to base it off of. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. But like you said during the pandemic, you know, I never went any anywhere anyway, so like nothing has really changed for me, I'm happy I'm healthy.
Oh no, no.
Yeah, except for like the snow bit uh Per year, it might snow like three days out of the entire year and then like it instantly melts. But the other day, you know, we did get below freezing and whatnot Right now. It's a nice 70°, so Yeah.
always
sorry.
Yeah, same here,
90.
same here,
it actually went through, wow.
nice
there.
I got a few lucky ones, kind of like that. Have you ever done any in home product testing?
Okay. Because yeah, they sent me like cat litter one time I did that recently, they sent me a stick of deodorant and uh and I did it and I filled out the follow up questionnaire, but I never got paid for it. So basically I gotta stick of deodorant,
I
got paid.
But
you
got
the beans?
The other day, Just randomly, I had $10 extra dollars in my swag books and I had to look through and apparently I had taken a smoking survey, who knows when? But they didn't pay me until a few like, I don't know, it must have been two months later or something, but I was like, Hey cool. You know, it finally showed up $10 school.
I don't think I've made more than say $40 on a survey. So whatever ones you were doing that got you 150 men. I need to look into those.
What?
Oh yeah. I've
done
like the
chat room, the chat room kind of thing. Okay. I did a few of those on like Budweiser. They're coming out with a new beer or something. Yeah. So I've ran into a few of those but like I said nothing more than 2040 bucks but
still,
still those are nice to find. I know what you're
saying.
Thanks.
Yeah. Um Besides swag bucks, the
only
other one I've been really using is survey junkie.
But
that
was still pretty. Yeah.
I mean like
Be lucky
to make $10
upon.
you were just like constantly on it.
Okay.
That's
that's still more than
man.
Yeah. I mean I've ran into batches, but usually it's a penny to five cents per hit, you know?
And
then rejections.
Yeah, that's why I'm kind of wary of doing those. I mean
I I only I only have like 10 rejections on my account.
Above above 99%. For sure.
That's good.
me too. Although I made a fake number for that and sometimes they don't accept it. Yes.
Solar panels.
Yeah. Overall though, I mean in Turkey and prolific are the only ones that I know that are solid and
and reliable and not gimmicky and uh you know, I like both of them have their ups and downs. I really liked prolific though because, well besides the fact that there's not always a survey of the surveys that do come up usually pay well. And uh and there they're usually like I said, no gimmicks and no projections and uh etcetera.
And
there's no way I've been clicking that. Like I kind of refused to do anything that's less than 10 cents a minute, which is, you know, $6 an hour.
then also on prolific, you know, sometimes it's it's a pound Instead of a dollar per seven minutes and then the pound is actually, you know, about 25. So you're making a little more there too. Yeah.
The sign back up. Yeah.
And this.
agree. And then, you know, you can do it any time, day or night. I, you know, I'm able to take my smoke breaks whenever I want them. Yeah, I mean it's really awesome. It doesn't pay that much and it's not guaranteed pay per month, but I think it's worth it.
I know.
yeah, here's the hoping.
it is. But
no
big
girl.
So
no,
I
do, I do the same thing this morning right after I woke up, I was kind of adding in my head, okay, how much do I make the last three days and then uh transferred from paypal? And I was like, oh all right, well that's the internet bill this month. So I was like, all right, so now I'm technically back at zero again. But
yeah, at least got one bill taken care of, let's work on the next one.
engage.
Hello?
Well, uh, we didn't talk about much except for work
uh, florida weather um jet.
I wouldn't
assume so.
Hey.
I mean it's the end of the year, holidays are coming up and we still don't know how all the states are gonna, you know, react to the pandemic. Plus the whole presidential, the thing that's going on. So, and you know what, it would, it wouldn't be too terrible. Like you said, if you did get laid off and then you just worry about
it next year.
It
sounds
so horrible, but it seems logical.
Right. And then like we discussed this, this work right here is to fill the gap and keep
everything
steady,
right? You get
relaxed
at home basically. Yeah.
Good. Talking
You