Can you hear me?
Hi.
pretty
three o'clock
East Coast um in florida.
Have you done a bunch of these conversation things? Uh huh. Okay.
I can't,
Similar I had maybe one where it didn't work out and maybe like five or 4 or something right right around when your number. Yeah it's cool. It's you know to make a couple bucks. I like the prolific. Where get a survey here and there.
Yeah. I don't mean me
neither.
Yeah. I know I I you know the first thing I always ask my when I on these conversations I always say the person do you know any other like sites that like prolific or something? Because I c I can't seem to find anything that's kind of decent like that. I have amazon mechanical turk
that.
and to me that it's mechanical turk is better than prolific but it's just like those two are like they make some nice little side money and I'm always looking for that one more to add to it That's reliable. It can kind of bring in like 80 bucks a month or something like that. But yeah.
I know. I know, I know what I mean there because they're hit or miss. I use them to but like I use them as like just try to get a couple bucks here and there because that it's it's neat like maybe like in a given year I'll make like 203 100 bucks from all the junky ones together. And prolific because you sit there, you do the stupid thing, you kind of plugging along and like you're into it. You know you got it in a sense and then you get to the very end. It's like oh sorry you didn't qualify. But you did the whole thing. You did the whole thing. That's bullshit. But that's all right. But that's not like the mechanical turk thing every once in a while like for this past october For prolific and mechanical turk and say like the shitty ones and made $550 for doing surveys on the side
11 month. Yeah. I was really happy because I
kind of I kind of like uh lost some money stupidly. So I was trying to like make up for it and try to get some more back. You know
it?
Come
but what I'm talking about like I made like 5 50 but it was like prolific amazon and
I used
and the
shooting
right Me too. Me too. Me too. And then there was a time during the pandemic when we're shut down for a few months. Um It was just like sometimes I think it was like a better time for them to record certain months or better and I made 1000 bucks for april and 1000 for make. But everyone combined I was I wasn't working too so I had a lot of free time to keep hunting for whatever I could find and make it bring a couple bucks and and plus then I got the neat little bit of unemployment money, the Fed money and all that stuff. Yeah.
I know it was me because I was certainly for once in my life kind of making some more money than I would wake up my job and trying to hold on to it and put in the bank and see what happens when you get said and done. I don't know. I.
Artist. Yeah.
I'm in my garage. I don't know because I'm kind of shy. So I always feel weird like I'm doing a conversation with someone else walks in the room and I just feel, I don't know. It's just kind of like get quiet.
I don't know because like when I was doing service during the pandemic, it kind of always kept on asking like we're about your how I'm feeling and all that. And I kind of kept on saying I'm feeling great because like, I don't know because like I work at Seaworld on, I'm a
super supervising culinary but it's still like a pain in the ass job and it's good money, good benefits. But it sucks. It's like kind of like working for Mcdonald's or burger king and it's a grind. It's a Yeah. So like while I was out of work and they're asking me how my feeling. I feel like this is great because I didn't really want to go back. It's like sometimes they ask so much, so much of it as far as like your work week and how many hours you work and what you get out of it. So I was I just enjoyed that time off and I was hoping it would go a little bit longer. I was also I was shocked too because when we we we got furlough I got warren furlough, but like Middlemarch, we went home for a few weeks saying like this give it two weeks and we're gonna come back. So I thought it was gonna be like maybe two, maybe three weeks. And all of a sudden they turned into like 3.5 months. It's like wow. And I was shocked shocked about how long it went and then I got called back. I got lucky because I think like maybe more than half the people I worked with didn't get called back, so. Yeah.
Yeah, I know and now,
well
it just, it definitely seems to go because I, you know, I respect it, you know, I don't want to get sick or anything. But also at the same time, I don't, I guess I don't respect it because when, when they didn't in florida, there was a good time there where there was not a mandate to wear the mask and I wouldn't wear it. I just would go, I didn't go out much. If I had Go to Walmart something, I would get something but I wouldn't wear a mask. I would respectfully definitely be six ft away from people. And but then when they made the rule that wear a mask, I wasn't gonna be a jerk and not where it's like that's the rule our final where it and so I've just been wearing it, but it just seems like it goes a little bit along political lines and stuff because over in California, like all the theme parks are not open and it doesn't seem it's anything different over there here in florida, they waited a good time. It certainly waited a nice amount of time. Like three months is like jesus a lot and then they're all reopened so and then everything is fine. I mean people get sick here and there, but the same way you would get sick otherwise. I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. It just seems
like it's it's like a social media and the regular media kind of like thing. So like if a particular state doesn't doesn't doesn't have lockdown or something, when everyone's having a lockdown, then maybe they feel like they would get ridiculed and and shit like that and they kind of respond to that way which seems to be stupid but Mhm.
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No,
I know.
I know.
Yeah, that's true. And
I
thought it's a brand new thing to like this is the first time it's ever happened as far as like all right, everyone stay home for a while and shut down the government shut down the United States because first, so what do you compare it to? Nothing really? So
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I can stay home as much as possible because it's pretty hot in florida. Well right now it's it's good. It's good now. But what's the weather in New Mexico? Is that how to all year long or is it
so you have you have winters?
It's pretty much it's about 75 year. Yeah, because like
it gets
weird and floor and that's all right. Like in in the wintertime florida gets weird like where maybe if you're up early early in the morning, like six in the morning, it could be 38 degrees 40 degrees.
Yeah. Yeah. And then like somewhere midday it could be almost 80,
you know? Right. Right. You know, so you almost get you get really winter spring and summer in one day in the wintertime. So Yeah,
yep. No. And sometimes like when I remember I was ill type into google like uh good paying survey sites and every single time it comes up with say swag bucks is number one. I'm thinking like how can every number one? Because it's like it's just like, it's like like it's like the worst thing like maybe you can make three bucks a day if you spend 10 hours at it. You know? That's what it's insane. But like what I do with the shitty ones, I always like don't respect them. So like I'm from watching T. V. I have one open and try to like click away with it and don't give him my respect. And then maybe. Yeah. Oh shit I got it. Two bucks. Yeah.
It's something I know it's so weird. It's like and it's like to me it's free money like because like I it doesn't really cost me much and I'm still doing other things and you know sometimes I would say this though about the crappy ones. There's like every once in a while you get these hidden gems like where hey are you available in this day and we'll give you 100 250 saying a lot of times amazon money but still $150 on amazon. I never get a good phone call anymore because the service you know every single one is like you know a spam. Um But yeah but you get like these hidden gems like you get like 100 bucks or 200 bucks. I did one where it was like a mock jury and I got 100 and $50 took about four hours. There's a
check. Yeah so that was cool. But like those are like you know I've got I've been doing the service for about two years so I've got like
77 8 of those kind of things like whoa! We got 100 bucks for a nice study about like kitchen knives and all that and then anything about, I lied to get into it. And I went to walmart just before it started to buy a set of knives because I thought maybe they ask us to show knives and stuff and I had it off to the side and they never asked me. So then I just after the survey returned to the next day I get the money back. But yeah, it was cool. I can just like I was scared like uh someone goes I use a chef, my chef knife valentine's. So I came to me and get me to I use a chef. I just like you would copy whatever someone else, someone said pretty much to get through. Get through the hour.
yeah, I've done those.
right. Because I was just I was just gonna say that I have done those in most of the time, it just ends up being just the product and you don't really get money because
I'm
about $10 and a gift card from one that I did for pinto beans. But I haven't seen the the $10 but like sometimes
you
some
money
you got the beans. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't really care But I just hope for, I'm always saying yes to everything. I'm just hoping it'll stick and maybe we'll get a gift card for $50 or something like that and just added to the pile what you can do.
Yeah because I remember I had About $200. It was all Amazon gift cards but it was for vaping it was over a series of a few months, kept doing follow up service and almost every single time and pay like $50 amazon gift cards And it was only like maybe 10 minutes surgery was amazing. It was a so called one of those never know which was when you're going to get something like that. Mhm.
no. But like I said it's just like uh a diamond in the rough, it's like a needle in a haystack where you're just doing a
regular shitty survey and all of a sudden within it, it says are you available on this day for usually it's like what's that called? Like when a group of people altogether alive and
you like
that?
that.
but
I got
there
is just it's just like a luck of the drawing where like he's like, you know I did want something. What about president trump? And about him? A group of people talking about him. I got 100 bucks for that.
Yeah. So you just, you just never know but like it doesn't happen that much but it's still, you know,
this
is,
that was the first one I did two years ago when I got signed on
and
I'm up
there
would,
it's
similar,
right? It is. And um, I don't know what I did wrong when they kicked me out of that. I think it was, I think I was making too much money because it was the only one I knew about And I was kind of making like some amazing. I was, I wasn't working at the time and I was making like $10, a day, which was like true.
Yeah, honestly. And, and also I was lying to because like, because sometimes you can see how it's going. And like one time I pretended I was like a second grade teacher and I got like $8, a survey or something. But after a while, like the Lions caught on to them and I could tell I wasn't a good survey taker and I was like, okay, they were right. So then they booted me then. Then I just randomly, I was watching some Youtube video and some guys talking about mechanical turk. I was like, what's that? And then I signed up to that and that one's turned out to be pretty good because I've almost done it for two complete years and I'm almost, I've made 7000 from mm Turkey. Yeah.
And
blocks.
I'll
tell you what it is. The way I found him a couple more dollars is um, there's these ones, they call batch batch work where it may be just 50 cents, but it says you can do 80 of them. So if you happen to find one then, so that's like 40 bucks, you can make off that one. It will probably take you like 78 hours to do it. But sometimes when it's patchwork it will be up there on the site for two or three days in a row. So I won't do the whole 41 day. But maybe like 18 1 day and then a little bit more the next day and finish it off on the third day. And then with the batch work you can find we can get your money up a little bit.
Yeah, I wouldn't do those. Yeah, I know. But yeah, I guess it's just like the luck of the drawer and And also, you know, you gotta be careful because like if it seems like it's going to be like a quarter and you can do like 30 of them. All right, I'll do it. And then it turns out like they get a little Subjective and how you're doing it and they
reject
all through all through all 35 minutes. Like, whoa. And then
you're
Okay, that's good because you want to protect it. But I always kind of feel like is this as long as you're at 99.01, It's like the same thing as being 99.99 because usually
Yeah. So I'm at like 99.11. There's another
another call Like similar times on the surveys, like they'll ask you to put your number in. I'm willing to do it so you can get that dollar 50 and then
that's a good idea, tried your fake number because it's so annoying cause every time my phone rings, it's like, it's almost never a good call. And it's just something like, you know, you said you wanted to try aluminum siding or, or you know the other one is always that thing on solar solar panels
2nd you click anything for that. Okay. Yeah, it's like it's too much.
meter,
Yeah. And if it pays you a dollar, it generally will be done in 67 minutes. Let's say like a dollar survey on swag bucks say it really was gonna work. It would take you like 35 minutes to do it for the
dumb dollar.
Yeah, that's what they kind of say it is like what they're supposed to pay you by. Yeah, I know,
And you know like with this when we're done with this conversation, it always gives you the opportunity to resubmit like to put in your availability for the sector.
Yeah, because that's what's so cool because I did this like maybe a year ago and I got the money and then I never saw the opportunity to sign back up in the last few ones I did like maybe a couple weeks ago, I kept on saying you want to sign back and I was like, oh shit. So yeah, I signed back up and look at my work schedule and see how it fits in and it's cool. Yeah, I just, because what's what's need is like for today now I made $30 $30 between a couple of things I did on prolific and a couple I did on amazon and then this,
So I made 30 and yesterday I was off and it was like, I couldn't find anything but I still made $10, which is I'm kind of happy about because Everything I do in my mind, I just go at times about 30, I can just make average $10. It's $300 extra a month to throw towards the bills or whatever. And it's just it's really, really cool. And then, and then like treated like a second job which it is, but then I don't have a boss if I don't want to do it, I just return it and then it's like the coolest thing in the world. Yeah.
it totally is. And and I think also it will probably get whatever we've been making a little bit, it's affected by the pandemic. And because it seems like a lot of the surveys come from college kids putting up surveys
for their courses and then maybe they're not in school there or you're in school through the computer. So it's probably been affected a little bit. And so maybe when it's over the survey thing kind of will get better.
True. I have had months on amateur and talk alone where I made about 4-500 bucks a month just from that one place. Which is like so cool. The nice number Just at one place. And then when we get done with this like the survey kind of like it's it's pretty long. Mhm.
But
what
what
it is no big deal. Also it's um you're not set on a timer with prolific, so like When I get done with our conversation, I had to go pick up my wife, she's getting her nails done and then I'll leave my link open so I can finish it. But I don't have to stress all. I gotta do it within 20 minutes. I know I can just do it anytime through today. So. Yeah. So. I know. Mhm. But life spending money that adds up so fast. Is this money is nice. So I made um 30 today and 10 years of age, 40 bucks. And then just before this conversation I drove my wife to their nail appointment and she went to a grocery store called Publix around here. So I gave her my debit card to get a few things and she spent 47 bucks. So I'm down
$7 but still I don't know, but you
can't think
with.
True.
Yeah. No I I totally that's how I think about it to pay this bill in my mind. I think about it. I never pay for gas in my car anymore because this stuff will take care of the gas for the car and it's just like it's just good, it's just good like it.
Uh huh. So let's see. I think we're still going to, We got 30
seconds, 30 seconds left and we made our 25 minutes. But
Yeah I know.
I don't know. Um I would say uh Seaworld is and probably all the theme parks, we're not really that busy. It
has
it really
isn't, it's Saturdays are really busy. The other six are are nothing and we'll see. I'm all right. But I hope I honestly I hope I get laid off because I was just like this because like depending it's given me a chance to start over because like I got a couple of bucks in the bank from it And if I didn't get laid off I would get a small severance because they're really broke the world. I think I get like really getting like I've been there 14 years that probably only like 28 weeks but the only kind of give like a set payment of $2900 lump sum but I would take it and just start over and do something
I
could read because I'll never get another chance like this where I could restart like this. You know? That's why I'm kind of hoping for it. But we'll see. You know?
I
don't know
it does because most people who work in my field, I kind of agree that it's a grind like especially like the the hours we put in and then like I'm off yesterday and today and I'm gonna be off thursday for this weekend and I'm working like a million hours to make up for those days off within a seven day work week. But but it's you know I'm used to it and there's also a lot of times where I could find moments to catch my breath and not do anything and so it's good to,
I
know.
And then no other boss. And like I'm not driving to another job to make that 100 bucks a week.
That's
it.
right. Hey, thanks. And then, uh, good
talk. Take care. Bye
bye.