Yes, we did. Okay me.
that works.
been
doing
good,
slightly,
slightly tired. Today was a rather good day.
No, it was a rather good day.
I got a cookie cake.
I got a cookie cake.
nestle tollhouse cookie cafe.
It
is.
I
just got it.
It?
S
actually kind of silly stories. So a couple days ago I was saying that I had you know those like store bought cookies that you can get like any store and there's kind of crunchy and I think it was like, I don't want to, but I don't want those are tiny. And then I look at some of the cookies we have because we just made something like, you know, I'm like no, no, I want to big cookie. So I just there I think on that for a while, the next day I want, you know, I want pizza and the next thing I want pie. And I sat there went, I just want some of this a big circle. So I've been having this craving
to see I guess a big circle and eventually went out and got
it
a big circle, yep.
it is delicious. I am a monster. I didn't even bother like cutting a slice of putting a plate and I'm gonna get out of the box.
No,
Austin texas.
You
five?
next,
So you only work four days?
I've heard that's the way to do it.
Stop.
What?
Yeah, it seems like everywhere is doing that.
About the same. Most people I know we're working from home or out of a job. Um Sorry, if you heard that I have a cat and she just tried to jump up on something she shouldn't have.
I have No, I suck a describing cat like I would
call
them,
it's the brown and darker brown like Skin one with
the White
Paws.
No, it's mm I don't see your otherwise
I'd get her.
But
Yeah. Cats get like orange tabbies, turtle shells, white cats and then Dorian blues and like that's it. And then
you have
these
Mhm. For now. four years. Yeah, about four years now. Got to shrink a little kitty and
she
they're
so cute.
so she got really big like she like the side of my desk now she lays down to take the whole desk. Um But when we got her she was like a little tiny kitty and we just found pictures of her being very small in my room and we're like yeah this is God's tiny. And now today literally she's just too big and very loud. I won't catch my whole life and every kind of her own, you know, you don't hear them walking around, you don't hear them jump up, you know, they kind of fell apart around with hers. Don't bump, bump, bump.
nope.
No.
yeah, she can land on all four most of the time, it's just like the most Okay,
yeah, she made fun noise and then, I do mean most of the time, because she has a very bad habit if you're petting her, she like kind of lean back and she likes to like lay on the edge of the bed or edge of the desk and ask your pantry kind of keeps on leaning back and she falls off.
A dog Dalmatian, can
you?
so
this dog is very needy and well like protect any food I have because she wants it, but outside of that, if I'm not eating that they're fine. I have a picture called picture them, like kind of laying next to each other and things like that.
dog is just out of frame right there. That's why I'm looking over that way.
Dalmatian, like german shepherd crossbreed, so
she's
small
with a lot of dots.
Uh she's just waiting black, so she's
like Dalmatian
that point. But instead of, you know, like some donations don't have a bit of spots. She has a lot of spots
and I say she's white and black, but really she's yellow and black because she gets really dirty and then doesn't want to clean
german shepherd pointer.
they're kind of puffy with like brown or white chest, like a black back hydra. Come here, come here kitty.
Kind
of
she
doesn't like being picked up. Mhm.
Yeah, she doesn't like being held. They also made like kitty.
Oh even longer than that. Like 8, 9, 10 years ago, something like that. She was
rescue.
Yeah. Ever since we got cat. They they seem to be fine.
My
mother right now. Yeah.
All of the older friends I have are like that, but all the younger friends, people I know in college, they're like yeah my school shut down the doors closed now. Back home again. How to
fly.
Always
bound
for Chicago.
No, no, I don't go to school. I'm yeah,
I am done with academia.
What?
Yeah, I kind of get that. Just yesterday last night I have a weird sleep schedule. I actually tend I usually would have wake woken up about one hour from now or right now and I'll stay awake all the way until like probably 78 or nine in the morning.
I do I do, but I also just I mean I don't need to be awake during the day and for
the night.
Um So just last night or yesterday to marry, look at it um this morning, sorry, I assume there and you know I'm busy and I'm doing stuff, I'm like this is like the wrong type of stuff to do. It's weird how being productive and still feel unproductive. It's not the right type of productivity because I'm sitting there, you know like typing away and I stop and go I'm gonna clean that, you know, just because it's it felt was the wrong type of busy.
sorry, I grabbed my cat's tail,
she
I don't pull on it, I think she would hate it upon it, but
she tends to be too procured if I grab her tail but if I just hold onto it then she starts getting annoyed.
She has done that to me once when I was carrying her away from different cat that they're fighting and she was like no. Um
but
essentially
right, but I know she
does not care, although my mother told me the other day that my mother sneeze very loudly and the cat kind of looked at her to start hissing.
Ooh.
Like asking me vicious at my aunt's house, her cat, if you like so much as a walk near her, she will try to scratch you if she doesn't
like you. Mhm.
my dogs is exactly like that, she is so needy, so I mean no. Yeah, she um ok, so this is half my fault when we first got her. She was
much smaller. So I think what I put in my lap you know she keeps all get better and actually thinks that means sitting on my lap whenever she wants even though she is much bigger now. So I'm sitting there you know watching T. V. Or something, she'll kind of walk up and start leaning against me and then lay down on my lap and just will
not relent
until I'm
stuck there. You know just petting her
puppy.
Mm. Yes. Kind of. I have a sister that I haven't seen in like eight years as well for about eight years. And
a strange sister.
No
no idea was having your
I mean no I guess I'm partially responsible by that she doesn't talk to me anymore. But she was becoming a person who was very manipulative and only wanted to use people and I'm like, I'm not gonna no, I don't want to talk to someone like that, I you can be better than the senator and she's like, well screw you, and that's it.
also like that's the biggest thing for me is it was not the fact that I won't be treated, but then I know that she can be better than that, she's a better person than that and that she doesn't want to be.
Mhm. It's whatever. How do you have any siblings?
Yeah, they don't want
to hear yours,
yep. Yeah, people are complicated,
jesus,
jesus,
no,
I am,
I'm trying to grow my hair out to be the point where I can sit on it, but it's nowhere near that length,
like literally down to my waist if not longer.
All right.
Oh yeah, 100%. I'll see. So I didn't realize this, but I was like, with long hair, I'm like, I'm so hot that I just kind of go like this like, Oh my God, that feels amazing.
There's
on the back of
my
neck. Yeah, So I've taken to, you know, tying up my hair, tying my hair every now and then and things
like
that.
I have tried once, didn't work my mother do it way better. But yeah, that's what I'm running into is I'm looking at hairstyles, I'm like, I want to try that. How do you do that? Okay, here's the instructions. So first you have to summon satan what? And then there's things like that. I can't follow that sort of statement life,
but
So right now
I'm
Yes, yes, I was the first time I try to do something, I'll send it like this the whole time, is there like, okay, let me just know, Okay,
five
minutes, five
Come
on,
yep, I'm late to the game in that aspect because, you know, I was looking at and thinking how a girl so good at this and I realized, oh yeah, they've probably been doing this for their whole life,
Mhm. Yeah, there's nothing. I also wanted to try stupid stuff because I have long hair now. It's like um I want to do any of those balls.
I wanted I want to try
something
like
that, but it's just all so complicated that I've seen. They're like, all right, so first need a hair tie, hairpins, the specialized hair material, ball. And I'm saying like, okay, I have hair ties and hairpins. Um I have no idea what else talking about though.
I have dyed my hair pink before and not like
pink.
I've
died in neon pink, neon pink.
No no this is taking me like two years ago, my hair into this length. So
I am thinking that when it gets longer I'll probably die the tips or something like that
pink again. Probably think again, love pink.
I've been looking at people have like really really really nice dye jobs where they have like a silver hair but then they have highlights and low lights and everything and it faces into like blue or something and I'm just like how long do you have to sit in a hair salon together to look like that and
then how much upkeep?
No I went to a salon and they did it and it was like $80 for just you know that quick thing?
Like 80 bucks.
Yeah that's fine.
And then I go home right? And I'm like, oh my God my hair is, my pink hair is amazing, My ass pink now. So
you
know,
I went to like look at my pink hair, you know, kind of rub it in my hand, turns pink
whenever you dye your hair like that at all. The color is going to be like,
it's gonna bleed a little bit. So you're supposed to wipe your, put cover your pillow and a towel, a towel and you don't like, especially with pink hair because that towel turned pink. And in the first few times I showered, the water was turning pink as well.
And then on top of that because I chose pink, I had to get a shampoo that would preserve the color and not you know, wash it out anymore. What's interesting about the type of shampoo. I had a friend in high school who had blonde hair and she had pink shampoo when she left it in the shampoo. Should I was leaving in the next stage school of pink hair. The
pink shampoo
made
her hair
pink.
No,
this is her. So she had pink shampoo as she put in her blonde hair. The shampoo stained her hair pink.
So
it's
bad
shampoo,
bad
shampoo.
she figured it wouldn't last too long and it didn't eventually did wash out, but she still always had like a kind of like pink, you know, hue to it.
No,
it was funny too, because I see, I'm like, oh my God, your parents amazing. She goes, yeah, I didn't mean to do this.
With
you.
that that's what I've heard about long cares that I guess the point were so long that so many things you don't think about that for me, like first time with long hair in the quick cake and I'm eating my hair as well. I had to sit there. It's not you. That's
wait.
It's actually kind of hard question to answer because it's yes and no. It really depends on the person. So here each follicle has a cycle, it grows in, it will grow and it'll stop that will grow then stopped and it grew and it stops and it dies and that duration changes forever long. Each individual hair follicles, jesus words. So what happens is when you have shorter hair and you're cutting it off all the time, Most of the time. The hair doesn't get to the point where it dies, so only come off to the point where you cut it off. However, some people have a point where the hair dyes out and they can't go any longer and when that happens then they shed about as much as like longer people would.
No
no
yours
can.
once
it gets to your body's natural level. So like every person is individual and each every single hair follicles when the hair grows out of is also individual.
Not
different
hormones through effective like estrogen will make you grow a little bit longer, like it lasts longer. But um generally each lifecycle, the hair follicles kind of predetermined and it gets to a point where it dies out and it has to be replaced.
Thank
you.
No,
no.
So for me I actually got involved twice and within maybe a month me going bald. My hair is only like an inch or two And
my hair grows from like nothing to like maybe three or 4" like that. And then everything else like this far takes forever and a day. Yeah,
I know. It was just puffs out. It's like like having a bull man. Um, but what's interesting about the hair, if you actually look at a microscope, you can actually see the growth cycles because there's these little things in there
that
was a forensic science class that we looked at because it's useful
for telling age and gender. We'll give you a guest at it.
was
just a
general forensic science class. So
we
covered things like that to blood stat, blood splatter patterns and like gunshots and bullets and things like that. Just everything related to that science, You know, the show you watch like on bones or any of those like entity and stuff like that.
All
decomposition is nasty. We had a whole unit on it. It's
no.
And
a video from a body farm
where,
when people die, you can donate body science and all those places that takes them is a form that will study how a body decomposes different environments.
The video we saw had one body that was doing decomposing just in a field, one body that they were decomposing in a plastic bin in one body that decomposing a plastic bag buried.
Kind of So like the plastic bag buried, you're going to see different bugs and like the plastic bin. And if you're just like sitting on the surface was gonna usually happen is you're gonna have a couple of Beatles that's gonna go really quickly.
Yeah. Well, that was just 10
different places. Mhm. Yeah.
it sounds familiar, but This happened so much over the years. There's a great broader like in the 1900, so like that there's donating divers of science and he was great robbing them. Mhm.
Yeah. Well there is a chance to earn profit. People will try to do it,
Oh so I transferred schools halfway through the year when I heard is the first school I went to, we just like did all everything like in the classroom, the second school, apparently the first semester, the one I missed out that went to a body for themselves.
Yes and no, I can handle gross things well, but it's like,
gross things are different than that the decomposition of a dead body because the dead body does not decompose nicely.
This is about
absolutely
horrible,
horrible smell,
Yeah, the teacher at the first school, she actually worked in a science lab that did that stuff and she worked with um multiple law organizations I believe. So she had like actual real life experience, case studies and things like that that she could go. Yeah that's one day we went down to this house and we've discovered this
actually interesting enough. Everyone in the class was more interested to hear about how she was doing with her ladies kickball league.
Yes, she went to L. A. Multiple times for ladies kickball.
Apparently
she was pretty good. I didn't really pay too much attention in that class overall. But yeah, apparently she was,
it's just
so dead bodies get off gas which makes a blue and sometimes they got so much as a rupture so you can pop like a balloon. Yeah.
And that's the reason why I think I wouldn't want to go to the body farm because I don't want to even risk having to see that.
Yeah. It was an interesting school the second I went to, it was like in the very Hoity toity neighborhood. So they did a lot of stuff like that.
Never moved around. Yeah.
not different state now. I wanted to complete different country.
Uh the two options
could be
Chopin or um Netherlands.
Yes. But also looking into their views. A program you can pretty much move their period. You know, it's one of the more open places to move to.
Yeah. Children, japanese. I love the language. I just like the language a lot. I think it's a very good language. I know
what to say.
Yeah, very slowly, very
slowly.
In high school I started chinese and I really like chinese characters. But the issue is I hate the way chinese sounds spoken but japanese, I have both trans characters and I love the way it sounds spoken. It's very much a song language. Um And then the Netherlands because I like the little bones like I don't know, it just seems like a cool place to live. Sure,
let's see.
They definitely
are.
Yeah, I was going to see.
but that's the thing for me is that like in America if you want to go to some beautiful place you can go there, it's just that you're not going to get back any time soon and it's in the middle of nowhere literally. But in europe, in a lot of places you can go there and live in a city and like just drive 30 minutes out and bam you're in the natural life here.
If I wanted to go to a park or any like big open area that's pretty I would probably have to go like 78 hours
texas is big. Yeah
halfway point between what Houston and L. A. Is el paso. So you spend half your time traveling from texas to L. A. In texas.
Austin
no where there
I To leave Texas I think at minimum I'm happy to drive five hours maybe six. And that's like the closest point out.
No one time me and my family like hey let's drive to new Orleans this summer and then we're like yeah maybe not.
There's
that might hit it soon
I
don't know it was one
of those times
but
I
I don't remember new Orleans and Louisiana has been hit by hurricane so many times. It's
I was actually in Houston like a week or two after it had all the flooding and everything and it was not pretty.
Yeah at least we got we got two more hurricanes this year. And did you hear about that? We ran out of names for atlantic hurricanes.
There's
only like 21 Atlantic 21 names per year given to Atlantic hurricanes. And when you run out they start going to the Greek letters and this year we ran out of names.
Are
you? My name is no idea why.
absolutely.
It's probably something like that and then they get to the end and they're out of names and they start going well this is alpha, beta, charlie delta.
no
we
are in Austin and we got lots of rain and that's the extent of our hurricane experience. It was very nice.
Yeah it probably
is, it's just one of the hurricane it just brings
me.
yeah. Yeah exactly. Would be like 101
day the next
week. It's
ranking
if
I do
move.
I love the rain. I hate the hot. So I did move somewhere. I want to move somewhere. It rains a lot or somewhere snows a lot. Um
What
was that?
My my response I would probably just live in an apartment building with parking garage or something, you know know stuff for you to shovel.
we are fun talking to you.
see you, bye.