charlie, wait, hi, can you hear me
Yeah, I can hold on sorry to like
go in the bathroom because my boyfriend's playing guitar right now, he's practicing stuff. I'm like cooped up in my bathroom right now. Oh my gosh, It's hard to find like place where I could sit on my laptop. Okay, I'll just get right here. Okay,
how have you been hiding
today?
That's
good.
today wasn't a good day. You said.
Oh my gosh, that's awesome. What happened? That made it like a great game?
You got a wet
Oh my gosh, so awesome! Oh my gosh. What stories that from its box? So nice to
Oh my gosh, that sounds awesome. Is it like chocolate and everything? Mm
Is
it like for a special
occasion or you just got it?
Okay. Those are the best. Like those impulse
buys. You just like,
I deserve this today.
You
just
you're craving a circle.
That's funny. Well, have you taken a bite yet or how is it?
That's awesome. So you don't have to share or anything? You just
like it's all mine. That's good. Is um how where are you located right now?
Okay so you're not you're probably like it's probably like six or seven there right or something so Okay
yeah I'm in Los Angeles right now so it's by PM
just got off work. Yeah today is my friday though because I have every friday off so I love I love it. It's like a three
day weekend every week.
Yeah I only work four days.
It is
but I wish that I could work more hours but it's just like they
can't give me a lot of hours. I'd rather be like working because it's right now during the pandemic. I just I work from home so it's been so super chill. I don't like I just I just sit on my computer all day so it's really chill but I wish I could go get more ours. But now my job doesn't is it like it's like cutting everyone's hours so that kind of sucks.
Yeah. How how is the situation in texas about the pandemic and stuff?
Oh my gosh. Really? What kind of cat is it?
Well
you
know there's only like 44 colors right or something like they're all pretty similar.
Like
the Grass
one.
I've
only
seen like like a couple of colours of cats like no not much variety, you know for dogs it's like different like we purposely bread down so they have all these different characters but for cats it's like the same,
that's
more than
what I know, I just described them by colors, I'm like that's an orange one, that's sweet. How long have you had your cat?
My god, I like
animals when they're, when they're babies, like when they're tying
her
you know?
She doesn't have those cat like whatever. What
do they have? It's like when they land on there like really softly I entered out but it's so awesome. It's like they,
even when dropped from really high heights they just like landing all for really softly.
Like clumsier.
How precious! That's so precious. Do you have any other pets?
gosh. Do
they get along? That's good. That's
good.
that's precious. That's so sweet. Such a sweet relationship.
The Dalmatian you said? Right, that's the
all
of that's
interested.
Oh and what color is she? Because it's like a mixed with golden treatment?
heroin
was
Oh. Oh I see.
Then with the where did the golden retriever characteristics come out?
Oh, german german shepherds are, what is the german shepherd? I forget, I only know like couple dogs types too.
I kind of, I kind of know what they look like. Guard dogs. Is that
what
human shepherd? I like really small dogs better. Oh, that's cute.
Oh my goodness,
she's like whining.
That's adorable. Oh when did you get the Dalmatian?
And they've
always gotten along?
That's so sweet. That's really nice. Do you live with your family or um
like
that's nice. So you don't have to like make plans to go home? Because like I know for the pandemic, everyone's Like wanting to go back home but not wanting to get their parents because for me, I don't live, I live like my parents have like an hour away or so for me and they're really old. Like they're actually like 60 or so. It's like I'm kind of scared to even see them and visit them. Which sucks. But it's been hard.
Did
the door
shut
down
for you?
your friends?
Oh my god. That's awesome. Yeah. It's so nice
just to be like done. But you know, it's so weird to like switch from being so busy having assignments all the time to literally having no assignments at all. Like it's just like so freeing. But also I feel like there's there's stuff that needs to be done. It's crazy.
Do you gain lot or something?
I
see. Yeah. Some people are like night owls.
Mhm. I see. Yeah. Mhm.
Do they
hate that when you talk on it
with?
Do you ever get like when the claws come out? They hit that you.
She
wants to end up by he she wants to continue the fight.
That's perfect.
That's a
Oh my gosh, that's funny. I my aunt had a cat and this is why I like I'm so terrified of cats. My sister actually accidentally stepped on her tail or
paul or something, but it was an accident and the kind of differentiate between either of us because we both look so like so they every time we walk past her like she was just hissed at us and like chase us around like kind of gear her body and then like you know, charge at us and it was so scared. My aunt had to literally keep her away from us with like a pillow acting as a barrier between us. Oh my god, I'm so scared after that. What?
my
It's funny. Yeah. It's different because with cats and cats you have to like earn their trust and like kind of give them their space, but with dogs it's so different. It's like they want all that love and attention immediately. Well.
Perhaps.
That's
so
cute.
Yeah. That's what terrible do you
do you have any siblings? Mhm.
see.
Like I'm mysterious, You don't know what's happening with their
lives?
Oh, have you tried to reach out to her in any way? Mhm.
That's good that you stood your ground and told her that you deserve to be treated better. Mhm. It looks like when family falls apart.
I see. That sucks.
Yeah, I do actually have a sister, like kind of like your situation to where we haven't talked in like four years maybe, or three years. I don't know, family is like so difficult to navigate the relationships but I feel like it's because I have such a large family like lots of siblings, maybe she felt left out, you know the middle child from. So she kind of broke apart from her family and like she hasn't been talking to us since then and it's been like challenging today. So like having to reach out and getting no response and just worrying about where she is, how she is in this pandemic and all this stuff, you know getting no response. I don't know. It's really difficult to like when you like want to be in their lives but you know
it's
not always reciprocal.
Yeah, but my other sisters, I have liked a ton. I have 66
sisters and one brother.
Yeah, it's crazy and yeah, I miss them a lot because we're not able to see each other anymore. So it's so different because I used to be able to go home all the time. But now it's just like we try to webcam face time. But that's it. But yeah, it's hard during these times, ouch
I sat on my hair. It so long. I
always do that.
How long do you want it to be grown out?
That's awesome.
It's so like hot though in texas size I imagine.
Like
what a difference
it
makes.
Have
you ever
tried to braid it? Like to put it, put it in a nice braid?
Like
that mean where it's like first step and then like I did the directions around, I got caught in like the ceiling. There's something because that one reading me. It's so funny. But
like
it is challenging. Yeah, it's hard to learn, especially in yourself, it's like difficult to reach back there all the time and if you have longer hair, your arms get tired.
You got
to take a
breather, you gotta take it and do it in sections because it's just so hard to do it yourself. But that's what I say. Your mom does it for you. I remember like when we were younger in elementary school, me and my almost little siblings would line up in the morning and she go through each of my hair is like braiding them doing different hairstyles. And it was just so funny like remembering that she
just
always do that for us.
Yeah, you got, you got to get some practice and now.
All the space funds, Right?
those
are
so
Yeah, it's based on like so cute, but what have you ever thought about dying it? A different color too?
That's what, That
that sounds really cool.
Lightning,
wow, That's awesome. And wasn't really long when you died. It really
That's awesome.
Mm What color for the tips?
I wish I could dye my hair. It looks so cool. And people like when they do really like colors, I love when people do like gray or like, like light purple lavender ish. It looks so awesome.
And
how exactly? It's like the money you shell out to its crazy. Did you do the pink dye by yourself?
And how much did it cost?
Oh, you said it, right,
jane. That's that's crazy.
And
your
what is pink now?
Oh, is that, is that good or bad? It's the color is supposed to like, like
coming on your
I see.
What
is
that
supposed
to happen
or what does that mean that it's a bad dye job or it's a bad shampoo?
that doesn't
mean that the shampoo
is bad or
the
dying is bad. Oh, bad shampoo. I thought
you meant
like the dye kind of like faded away and then made it soak it all that color. Oh my gosh, that's crazy. You probably, you probably see that company or whatever, like take some action against them.
Yeah. That sounds cute too. Like I've
seen people do really pastel colors. That looks awesome.
Like all sad. Like this is not what I paid for. Actually. This is not what I spent eight hours in the salon chair book. What this will do then, That's awesome. Yeah, I, I think I'm gonna have to cut my hair seeing it every time I sit down,
I
sit on it because it's so long. It's crazy. It's like,
Your hair, your hair. You realize
like so much of your hair shed once you start seeing like little balls everywhere. I don't know it when guys hairs are short or like when people's hairs are short, does it does it does it still fall out as frequently? You just can't see it because it's so short because like I realized that I have long hair, I see it so much more often than I do when I'm sure. Yes.
Oh my gosh, I didn't know that. So does that mean if you keep cutting your hair short, you just can't grow it past?
Certainly
it's harder
to,
you can, but it just shed more once it gets to that level.
But
so if that doesn't change, no matter how you like manipulated over the
course of, okay,
that's,
I didn't know that because I always like, I've always had long hair and then everyone always asked me like, oh, how do you get us along? And I just tell them, it just takes like two years. Like time, you know, like three years. But I didn't know that it differs depending
on the person. I just thought
it's like everyone's hair grows at the same length. It's just
we have
to wait it out.
What?
when you shave the ball, there's like dig up here. But like then back here have ever like shorter back here.
Oh, that's awesome. Have you done, do you like research all this stuff or how do you know these things about the
hair?
about like
That that sounds interesting. Did you study something related to that line? Like forensics or you just
took
cross?
I
agree.
Yeah. I used to really like watching bones. It's kind of eerie. I hate watching all the decomposing bodies online or like on
the on the screen. It scared. Yeah.
Did
you have to look at actual bugs and how they like will like leeches or maggots and all that
stuff?
Okay. What does that mean? Like they
give human bodies or?
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh. And still the same bugs can get into those containers, right? Like,
wow, that's crazy. I didn't know that your body goes donating to those types of places. I assumed to be like cadavers for biology classes or something
if,
There wasn't there like a huge scandal recently that they uncovered? They're, they're taking bodies that people had donated and selling them or something like that yourself?
Oh shoot. That's so sad. That's so sad. Yeah.
Yeah, That's so true. Yeah. That's terrifying. Just being going like down to those grades to pick up the dead bodies, I can imagine. But that sounds really, really interesting like that forensics class, I think I'd be too square me because it's just like all those bugs in the blood and everything like that. Did you get to see like a real human cadaver or something like that?
Would you have wanted to do that?
Just being there like with the dead body knowing that it's dead and real.
Mm And I would imagine
like there's a there's a stench or something to it, like a
self because
like when you dissect
stuff in my biology class, it just smells like that chemical they put in to preserve it. I don't know what it smells like, but it's still sinks but man, like real dead composing body decomposing bodies. I you probably like have that smell ingrained in your head, relax and be like, oh God I can't. Uh huh.
Oh my gosh, that's awesome. You guys must have been really interested to hear her stories then.
that's funny,
wow, that must be like a really competitive thing if they made it that
far,
wow, that's really cool. Yeah. What some
rooms?
like the skin is like a skin balloon. Oh gosh, that
Oh my gosh. Yeah, that that sounds like revolting because then you transferred out. Just kidding. Mhm.
Mhm. Still in texas though. Uh So you've been in texas all your life
um I've been in California all my life but just in different cities for college and stuff but that's it. I wouldn't want to like try to, you know, go to a different country and live or like even a different state and see how they live. But I don't know, it's hard. Do you ever want to like move to a different state and see how like
which
country
do?
Very cool. Yeah. Netherlands I've heard is really expensive.
And they have like social programs, right? Like once you went to their, you get everything like benefits and health care and all that stuff. That's awesome. And why those 2?
Do you,
yeah, do you study it?
No
clothes.
That
I feel like they're onto spectrums. That's why I'm asking. It's so funny. So
what language
and one because it's like cool. Yeah. I've seen pictures of Netherlands who it's like so beautiful anywhere out there is like better than America because out here we rarely have like, well you can go to Utah and see natural landscape.
But it's different when you're, when you're just out there in Switzerland or the Netherlands or somewhere out there, it's just like no human civilization and just like full of mountains and it's just probably so beautiful.
that's sure.
Oh gosh. Yeah, that's super far.
yeah.
But are you near, are you? But you're near like kind of, no, you're not because
you're near like Utah or something like that but you're not right. Yeah.
And so
Yeah, texas is huge. That's insane. That's already like to Vegas from where I am like 12 3rd of the way to Vegas but like you live so close to like the southern states, like New Orleans or New Orleans, Have you ever visited there?
Why
is that
hurricane? Oh yeah. It was at that time when I was like the
hurricane
always
from
Sandy. It was
like what?
Yeah. It's uh I I went there before for a trip with my sisters and we actually took a tour bus and they showed us like where the devastation happened. Yeah. Kind of so
mm It's so sad because
for what? Hurricanes? Atlantic
you sent?
Wait What? Why only 21 letters given? Is
it like
huh. Okay. Like an association meets together and plans that are on the taxpayer's money. Just like
I thought it was just like alphabetical like oh someone chooses a like Amelia and then be like Becky or something like hurricane Becky. I don't know.
Oh my gosh! That's insane. So is your area hit by a lot of hurricanes
or you're pretty like Okay
good.
Lots of rain actually, wow, I thought I would think that was like warmer down there and that's where I am
because tricks.
so it was
like a mixture of rain and hot weather, like really hot weather.
gosh,
that
sounds
like so horrible.
That's
like
my two worst weather is Mexico. Yeah.
I
feel
like shoveling is such a pain though, like having it and being snowed into, you can't go anywhere, being trapped in there.
Uh huh Well, let me get onto your evening. I think we're on like 34 minutes. Right,
You too nice talking to you. Too nice meeting you, Bye.