right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi.
Hi. I'm Becky.
Nice to meet you. I'm actually surprised you came through. I was anticipating that my partner not showing up. So it's a
have you been having a pleasant experience so far?
Well that's great. I guess it's a way to meet people in a world where you cannot leave your house.
I am from Cherry Hill, New Jersey. So a little
suburb about 20 minutes out of Philly. What the actual.
But
okay. Yeah I have a few friends in California and I don't I know what's important
there but I don't know where anything is. Ever. As long as your house is not on fire at the moment. I guess that's
the most.
No stressful.
It's really uneventful. Um Currently I'm in my second year in grad school, I'm getting my masters in social work
and everything is remote so all my classes are remote. Um And we have a practicum that goes along with the program and that's also remote. So I'm attempting The impossible of providing tele therapy to seven year olds with 80 HD over a computer. It's an adventure.
Oh gosh. Um it was, this is gonna sound bad at first, but I just got to bear with me. So this is kind of like a process of elimination ending. I feel like I ended up here more than I like initially planned to. So I, so I'm at the University of Pennsylvania now for the program, it is also where I went to undergrad and I came
independent,
being really obnoxious freshman, thinking that I was the smartest thing on earth and I was like, I'm gonna be, I'm going to go into medicine and I want to go psychiatry because I've always had an interest in like other people and how other people think and yada yada. But I was like I also want to get paid a lot of money to do that. So I'm like, you know, it's like um I took neuroscience classes for two weeks and I was like uh
huh. I was like this is a bad idea. So uh then I was like shit well now what do I do? Um So I was like, okay, well I still I still really like people, I've always been a people, persons like maybe I'll try out psychology because I tried that in high school, I liked it. So I took psych and I was like, okay this is cool, I can do this. I was like but maybe I'll do some research or you know, whatever, keep it academic. Um And then one summer I was working for a research project through the Children's Hospital of philadelphia. And it was about behavioral interventions in philadelphia public schools. And one of my lovely responsibilities as a
intern was to transcribe a focus meeting. So I was tippy tapping away and it was this program was through a grant. And basically the meeting was between the teachers who had to implement the programme
and the grant folks and the teachers were like, the teachers essentially kept saying this is great in theory, but it is not working for our kids. And then the grant people were just kind of like, well that's too bad because you still were funding this and you still have to do with whatever year. And I was like, well shit! And I was like, I can't I can't be part of this. Um So then I was left with, okay, I have a psych degree and what can I, what can I do for their and here we are.
My first year I had to, my first year internship, because like I said, this is my second year, the first one was in a public health center that serves primarily um
homeless adults. And
that was like the first time my life I ever worked with adults and it was just, I'm good.
I
will.
We're about
to ask
you
from
your background.
No preference.
We're going to teach.
the
what
through
the walls,
it's like, mhm.
They're the best words like, you know, you know?
Good.
That,
That's something you always knew you wanted to do, or was that? Um
A few things definitely. I feel like when you put them together, that just kind of small figure. Yes.
Free time, wow, concept.
I play video games um a lot because that is just a great way to escape this reality for a little bit. Um do that. God,
I don't know. I think I I do really enjoy the Food Network. Um So I will watch uh there's
called Halloween Wars
where a sugar
artist, a cake sculptor or two's cake sculptures are on the team and they have to make these like giant displays about Halloween and the pumpkin carver. That's what I was missing. Um And it's it's like very, I don't know, things that make me happy
in this life or just very doesn't take it.
What about you?
What? I am
wash was not about the birthday party situation or what was that like for you guys?
What?
But
what?
Yeah, it's really interesting that he is the sensory thing, but he wants to go see a train like I don't
know.
that's cute
look.
No I am I'm in a relationship um I'm 23 so it's a
life for me. Um I have a dog
that count.
Uh She's running around back here. She's a mutt. She's real cute though. Her name is Peyton, she's four years old. Um Yeah we
have no idea what she is but she's she's cute and she's not friendly. I was about to say she's friendly but she's not she's friendly to us and to nobody or anything else.
He was 25th. Come here come here I don't know if this is part of the things I wanted to do in this study but I'm gonna do it anyway.
simple.
Okay. 29 grounds. She's £1 away from being overweight mm.
too many snacks during the day. That's kind of the problem, but it's like you can't say no to that face. Mhm,
No. Um we met so it's a very weird process of events that might result in some of my over sharing, but here we are and we're probably never gonna talk again after this, so I'm just gonna go for it. Um
We matched on Bumble about a year ago. Um She came on like a little bit too strong for my preferences because I was just figuring out who I was, what my preferences were mm And she was just like yeah let's do this. And I was like whoa wait, we we were friends for a couple of months and then things in my life just kind of started imploding like um my
like my mom had a breast cancer diagnosis and then my dad
unexpectedly passed away and then
I got kicked out of my door because of covid and there's like, everything
shit happens and um and she was just like, uh
are you okay? And I was like, I'm sorry, we can't go on a date right now, my world is like collapsed and
she's like, hey, it's okay. Um Somehow she just had the patience and like the connection, I don't know with me to like stick around through it all.
And
yeah, and I was just like, you know, you are free to like, I we're not dating, we do what you want. And she's like, no, I'm good. Um Yeah,
we've been a relationship for, it's only been officially like two months, but it feels like a lot longer just because she's been in my life for like a year now,
you know,
nothing right now just because of like the pandemic. and it's only been um two months like officially. And we're still working out the like everything the dynamics of our relationship
and really starting to make sure we understand like
what makes the other one tick and like those old um and
my mom like because of the breast cancer diagnosis, she's really immuno compromised. So I will not left the house to besides for necessity since March. Um
What fucked. But so we haven't, I don't know how well versed you are an LGBT culture or people joke people
that
I
was
Well
I appreciate that.
Yeah.
Sitting here trying to write a paper the other day and my mom had the hearings on in the background. They were talking about same sex marriage. And I'm like uh
When you think it can't get worse. It does.
That's
yeah. So I'm just like fast in the reality of the situation. But you know, so we, I was going to make a joke that like, in the gayest
way possible, like we have,
like formed this really solid relationship but have yet to go on an official first date with each other. Yes. I'm just like, oh my God. So this weekend we are socially distanced, pumpkin painting. Um,
They
just moving in together anytime. Yeah.
We, I guess I live with her. I think it's a better room.
So
Yeah.
Brooklyn.
wow. Well,
Well,
thank you. Yeah.
But
Great. 12. Yeah, Wow. I feel like it's the people who are putting the most effort into social distancing that end up with it told me.
No. Did you
have any of the symptoms or were you mainly is,
but
all
of my gone.
prominent
in
life.
was over the school year for you.
I was wondering, I just like, man, how do you have that conversation with your class? Like, okay kids, your teacher is not going to be
That's insane. Well, I'm glad you're okay to improve
your
If we're the most stressed out when she was going in for her radiation treatments because you'd have to go into the center every day for a month straight in the middle of the pandemic. And I she blah blah. So she's a very, very anxious human being. So I usually go in as her eyes and ears to her medical appointment because she gets so stressed out that she has like no actually saying. So I had to sit in the parking lot because they wouldn't let anyone in beside the reasons. So I was like on speaker phone with the doctors while they're talking to her. And I was like, well this is not ideal. Yeah,
I was okay. I think she she needed choose,
but I was okay.
awful.
Just like the standpoint like having to work with someone because like you don't get that closure. Um Yeah,
got
and
I think everything happens for a reason. So there must be some reason she's still sticking around, right?
girlfriend, my girlfriend,
she's incredible. So her name is Lauren but her nickname is loose. So that's how I met her. So that's what I call her. Um, she works at uh, penn uh university of Pennsylvania's Hospital. She does the, so she works in like clinical
trials
and research, but she's
the
one
that makes
sure that everyone is sticking to the ethical
standards
of the research does. She like looks over the data and make sure everything all your I's are dotted and tease across kind of thing. I mean she's has this habit or hobby. I don't know what you want to call it. It's kind of a lifestyle at this point. She adopts and like disabled animals or just has like a ton of animals um treatment.
She's
great.
of course he has two dogs right now. One of them is actually normal but has cost her a lot because she keeps eating wires and blue has to keep taking her to the vet that politically removed. So she's really pissed off about that.
But the other dog has some like bladder thing where he has to wear a diaper and it's real cute. Yeah
they
wouldn't let yet. Yeah she has two dogs, three rabbits which she is actually
holding for somebody else at the moment. They're not really hers and she doesn't like them, but they're there. Um two bearded dragons, a
couple of frogs. What else am I missing? She has, I think she has some spiders. I don't know. She has a lot of weird insect that I get really freaked out
by.
he breathes like aye sir pods And she has like stacks of them. And I was like, what is the literal point of this? And she was like, I made $10,000 off of selling them last year and I was like, Okay,
no, don't keep doing it.
Neither did I. But the more, you know. Yeah.
We only met in person once, which is actually the really funny part about nothing about this relationship is conventional. Um
and
I was hemming
and hauling
for a while
for a number of reasons, but she was pretty consistent. That terrified me. So I was just like pushing her away and then pulling it back. It's like actually she's actually, no, I want to actually, she's this has gone on for like mom again, God bless her. Um And then I we finally agreed to just meet just like as to humans and with no expectations, like, let's go get dinner. So we did. And it was like, she's definitely was really easy to talk to, and I like I was also really startled by the fact that she was shorter than me because I'm not exactly tall, but she has a larger than life personality, so I was not expecting her to be shorter than me. Um Random detail. But yes, we met once and then we just got closer and then as
my
life started to collapse, she was
like the only consistent thing through and I was just like, okay, maybe there's something here and then. Mhm.
one minute.
She
was about
six years older.
Yeah.
She's like in different, she's like if you want kids we can have kids, I'm fine with animals, but having kids is really important to me um for a number of reasons, but one of the biggest ones being my religion because I'm jewish and um I take a lot of pride in my like I come from a line of holocaust survivors and Israeli war veterans and I'm like this is a really cool legacy that I would like to continue, like adoptions and option, but something about biological kids who speaks to me, but again, I'm not ruling out any adoption for anger. Yeah.
Do it again.
No clue.
I think it all depends on which is where we are like because I slept, I get a job and such and you know, get myself a little settled before any of that happens. Um, and I'm sure she will not mind waiting because she doesn't mind waiting for
anything. And the
dish
again, like I don't think kids are her highest priority. So she's just kind of like, you know, whatever. Let me know.
it's
Yeah.
It
excellent.
Oh God. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah, it was more in the future.
It's
interesting because you never really hear about boys saying like I want a sister. So
that's
look,
jesus.
You.
but he seems like he might be patient too. So that's
uh huh It's so love. Kids love them.
Yeah, that's even how they end up in my office. Is that I was explaining, trying to explain to one of my classmates today how the quote unquote referral system works. And I really think like the kids I'm working with because since it's a, it's a community
behavioral
health center, so it's a lot of like Medicaid recipients, um, I think they only get to therapy because their behavior is causing the adults in their lives problems. Uh huh. So it's, it's usually this agency is not so much like, oh, my kid is feeling sad because it's more like, oh, my kid is like throwing chairs in the classroom and the teacher is threatening to expel him like therapy. That's good.
I don't know. We'll see if I'm actually good at this. It's just an interview,
so
Right. Thank you. I mean, I hope so. I hope you're right.
Well, because she knows I'm doing this because
she does because I'm the one who told her to sign up for prolific because she's just like always looking for again, breeding, I spots just like things to bring an extra income and I was like, oh, I'm tired of this. And she's like, I'm gonna do that random conversation thing. And she's actually the one that convinced me to do it because I was chickenshit. Um,
so here we are.
heard that well enough.
I guess it's the good spirited people that I don't know, I don't know if all prolific users are like that, but
you know.
All right. Where are we time? Oh,
well,
I've not been doing this but with a child for an hour. Yeah.
Yeah.
Nice talking to you too. It's good luck with the school year and with everything and Yeah,
me too.
Thank you.