Hi,
what's your name?
I'm cat.
Um So this is actually my second time doing this. I did it yesterday.
Um I think so yeah, the guy I talked to yesterday was really nice.
Seriously? I know, So where are you from?
Open?
California, like an
like an hour north of Los Angeles?
And then
no,
it's not thankful for because every year we have to watch out for that, so yeah.
Oh it's extremely stressful. Yeah, but you know the weather is nice, like we never, We never have like a winter here, it's like between 65 and 75 almost year round and that's it. So how's life in New Jersey?
Crazy.
Yeah, yeah, wow. So you're, you want to be a social worker? That's really great. What made you want to become a social worker?
Thank
you.
No.
Oh
Who?
wow, that's great. So do you like working with kids or does that? Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
What?
Yes, Yeah, I'm a teacher, adults
are
harder to deal with
the kids
here,
you
be.
Yeah. So I'm teaching online right now, so Oh, that's great. Do you like younger kids? Older kids?
No preference. Okay.
Uh middle school, so 6th, 7th 8th, I
love
that age.
They're
just, oh my gosh,
go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah, I just like that you can influence them or, you know, I feel like high schoolers, a lot of them have already chosen their path. Either are done with school or they want to go to college and it's kind of hard where middle school students are still open to being influenced. There were willing to learn especially the girls like I love you know having an influence because so many of them are like I want a boyfriend but if you can really get them to focus on themselves
it's like you need to focus on you, it's not about the boy.
So I just love I love kids too so that's great. Oh okay so I went to U. C. L. A. And you in Los Angeles so and I'm a teacher which I love I love I love the kids, they're so fun.
Um Well when I was little I used to like playing teacher. I don't know I just kind of fell into it, like I always liked helping people learn things always. I I love kids, so it just kind of fell into it like I can do that. Yeah, why not? It's
it's just great. So what do you like to do for fun?
if
What?
that's just
what
Children?
better
not to think about anything else, Yeah.
um well I have, I'm a single mom, I have a five year old son, so he takes a lot of my time, but I love spending time with him, like I would never want, it's hard for me, everyone's like, well why don't you go out and date? It's like I can't really justify spending time with someone else. I'd rather spend it with my son because I just enjoy spending time with them so much. So that's
William. Yeah, he just turned five on the 12th.
Um it was okay because he um his sensory processing disorder, so he really has a hard time with other people being in the room. So it's just me and my mom and William totally
loved it.
The
only thing he's really into trains right now, He wanted to go see a training. Like we can't right now, but when this is gone, we can't.
he
has like noise canceling headphones. So when she takes he wears this all the time. So
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was fun. And yeah, that's basically my free time is my son,
but I used to play games, computer games a lot, but I can't really anymore. Yeah. Do you have a kid or you married or?
yeah,
I
am. What kind of dog do you have?
Mhm.
Is your rescue? Yeah, that's my dog to before I had my son. It was just the two of us. I understand they can be very protective of their people. Yeah. That's so great. Is she big Little what?
Oh, that's okay. I love dogs. Dogs and kids. Oh my gosh. Hi sweetheart. You are
so cute. Hi.
you're fine. You look so good. Oh my gosh.
it's hard. Yeah, they just want to make them happy. So um the person you're in a relationship with, do you live together or do you live separately?
But
Oh,
no.
What?
I'm so sorry. Uh
Mhm.
No.
Call
us grade,
that's funny.
well, that's great. Oh my gosh, you're so lucky to have found someone like that.
Yeah. So are you thinking of having her move in? Are you thinking of moving in with her?
I like it.
bros.
Mhm
Yeah.
I mean
I
support,
I support it wholeheartedly. So I
mean
Oh, of course, I'm sorry. You must be like going crazy with what's going on politically now. Yeah.
Driving me. It's driving me crazy. Um
Mhm You can't, it's like, you can't, it just makes everything worse this year. Drive me crazy.
It does. And we still have like three months left. I just cannot deal with. So you're, you're
saying about
I
don't know.
how fun. Oh, it's
hard yacht.
They always say like, if you're going to have sex with someone wear a mask and I'm like, how would you know, how would this kind of relationship work right now? It's just like, oh my gosh. Uh and does your mom live with you?
Okay. Okay. I live with my mom too, because she helped take care of my son.
That's great. All. I'm glad you're with your mom, so she's not by yourself. That would be hard. Uh Yes.
It's hard not to leave the house too. I'm actually like, over, I'm going to overshare my, like,
I actually got Covid and so did my son. Yeah.
And so did my mom and my great grandma or my grandma, my son's great grandma, and we all survived.
But
Yeah, we're like socially distance. We saw my grandma and she started coughing, so we think she had it first
and she gave it to us. But it was like we were like 12 ft away. But yeah, we all survived,
Like I have not gone anywhere. My mom works at a hospital, so she has to go out and work and we've been so careful. I haven't gone anywhere since March. I went out to get tested. That was the first time I left the house. Oh, and then I was positive.
But
no, I did, I had like breathing, I have asthma so I
had
breathing
problems and um, it was mainly that like I had to take a nebulizer treatment and I had a fever 103 for like a week, but it wasn't horrible. But I know I can see how this would kill so many people because you know, I'm not, I'm older than you, but I'm not a battle, so, But even my son got a fever from it. He was four at the time, so
it's
just
yeah, it's crazy how scary this is. Yeah.
Um It was august. No, we had started the school year, it's like, oh my gosh, what is my job?
Yeah, It's like, well, I told him I was like, if I am not gonna, if I'm not here, it's because I've gotten really sick. But when I tested positive, I didn't have symptoms, but then like a couple days later, I got a really high fever, just like I was on the couch. But yeah.
I
hope you, I hope you and your mom don't get it. That's how scary for your mom. I'm so sorry.
Oh, that must have been so hard for both of you. Oh my gosh.
But
Yeah, that's hard. Yeah. Even at my mom's work in the hospital, they won't let any visitors in. So like a lot of these patients, even covid patients don't have anyone there. It's just
it's horrible. It's horrible for the patient and horrible for the family members. Oh
Yeah. I just can't imagine there'd be so actually, my my grandma ended up being hospitalized twice for COVID because she got pneumonia and the first time my mom dropped her off and we both felt like we were never going to see her again. She's 94. She has like 30% lung capacity because she had polio and she was like 20 something. Yeah.
Really? She's
not going to survive this. We're just like freaking out. But she did. I don't know how, but she did so Oh okay.
she's tough. She's really tough. So tell me about do you want me to call her girlfriend or is that is it like official?
tell me about your girlfriend. What is she like?
It
is different.
You
can
hear
it.
You could
be
she sounds perfect
on
her to break you. So she loves your dog then?
beep.
so she's two dogs. Do they get along with your dog? Have
they met?
Good.
Mhm.
Got
spiders. Oh my gosh, mm.
Beautiful,
wow. I didn't know you could do that, wow.
that's uh that's so great that she likes animals. I know it is. Oh so sweet. That was always my number one requirement. It's like you have to like dogs and animals because if you don't there's no way we're going to get a log. Oh that is so sweet. So did you meet her when you were going to school
because you said you were matched up online? But yeah that's
all
it
is very
difficult.
Listen
to
what?
you know she sounds wonderful. You should keep her around, keep her around.
Is she older than you? About
the same
age?
Oh that's good. That's pretty. Oh
and I've do you um do you want kids with are you at some point? Yeah. Yeah. Does she? She wants kids to
that's great. Oh well you seem like you'd be a great mom. It seems so patient.
How old do you think you're gonna be when you have kids? You think your weight or
no clue?
Bull
I
mean,
Mhm. Oh, wow. She sounds so easy going like that. Oh, you are
so lucky to have found her, wow. Yeah.
Yeah,
definitely keep her around. I've
been your mom once. You have kids too. Huh?
She's like have 10 of them. That's all my mom told me. She's like, I want you to have 10. I'm like, we'll start with one.
Um I think I want one more. I really like a girl. You know, even my son's like, can we, can I have a baby sister? And I'm like, I was like, well let's wait until after we have a vaccine for the virus and we're okay because I don't want to deal with going into appointments when this is going on and I'm so stressed with everything that is just with work
both.
he
is he is like a sweet, calm kind of boy. Like he just he loves to cuddle and he's
He's so smart and it's just yeah, he started reading when he was two.
Yeah, he's like but then he's got like a major like sensory problems. So I feel like we're on both ends. Yeah, but he's like the sweetest kid and he yeah, he just wants he's like I want a baby sister and I'll take care of her and I'll teach her everything. I think we'll talk about it maybe in a year. I don't
know. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh yeah, he hears and he's like oh it's just great.
They are they're so sweet. Especially kids that are you know have a tough time, you know like the kids you must mentor like those, they must be having a hard time in school especially now with online learning.
Thank
you.
that would be so hard. I that was one of the hardest things about being a teacher knowing what's going on at home. But there's not really much you can do, it's just uh good for you, that's all.
I bet you you you've seen your so friendly and you're so
patient. I bet you you're gonna be a great mom for sure and I'm sure you're gonna be a great social worker. Uh
I'm sure we'll be. And you have amazing girlfriend. Don't let her go hold on to her.
material.
Sure.
I know. I was so scared yesterday when I was I was like, oh my gosh, it's going to be on the other. I don't know, babe.
Yeah. Yeah, I was like, okay, this is okay, I can do it.
I
don't know. Yeah. You hope yes. Oh,
Oh, I think, yeah,
he doesn't want to yesterday. I'm like, oh, I don't know if we're gonna make it.
no, there's no way. Like, my son has therapy and he cannot concentrate on the screen for more than 15 minutes and he's like running all over the place. It's like, no, you have to sit there. Uh I can't imagine. That would be so difficult. Okay,
well, it was really nice talking to you.
you too. And I hope your mom stays healthy and she recovers
and your dog is so cute.