SPEAKER_L: trust your teeth. Gotta yourself to take a short drive through the desert. You wouldn't want to let me win with DR capabilities are doing right now. Mhm, introducing the obvious symptoms. This is your world. Are you ready to explore the technology that makes it tick? Get ready to code it, craft it, change it, protect it and create your future destinations. Career academy, entire schools ready to launch beautiful careers. Let them look the skills baby with the technology used to make the difference. Well, destination career. Happy today, anytime. Anyplace education for anyone. When I wake up in the morning, I'm black. I'm black. I'm still black. You will always know the police officer because I'm not always at work. But you always know that I'm now. It's time to make sure that there's change because the world is watching this is fracture. Just ugly image. Place your order and it will show that you were beautifully printed directly in the blast. Yes, there's another, not just another campus house around the corner is a fraction. I'm gonna see if I can contact but honestly I need more options conditions because that's why I need to be mobile the first and only pill of its kind that treats moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. Sorry adam in this business is more like a numbers politis another medicines have not helped him out. Zell jones can lower your ability to fight infections before enduring treatment. Your doctor should check for infections like Tv into blood tests. Tell your doctor even had hepatitis B or C. Head like sometimes pension infections serious, sometimes fatal infections, cancers taking the higher than recommended dose to sell jets for already. You may have a barrage also. Hey Siri takes the rock. Yeah. Mhm. You have to see me first. Yeah, here or what's app here or what's app. I really have to look at the message again. Comma. I think he got immediate release period. But Twin said the unicorn unit is hit real bad with Covid. Comma. So he says he wouldn't be surprised if fat dog has covid period. He said like half the unit has it. But he's okay. He tested negative. Yeah, it's not okay. Messenger or WhatsApp? Wait shorts you uh mickey mouse. Hello kitty. Yeah, I see your little fat face. A little Flintstone feet. You uh tomorrow tomorrow, tomorrow tomorrow. You gonna keep me off? I'm not gonna say anything today. You know what I'm talking about them, you know? Uh huh. Yeah. You ready to go to sleep? Huh? How long you gonna be on facebook before you go to sleep? Uh How long you gonna be on facebook? You covering up the microphone? You uh those new braces? Those are new braces. Huh? Actually sure after. Uh Oh yeah. I've never until you have never seen people that have I've never seen braces like that until I met you. Did you can take them out and put them in. Yeah, I've never seen do they feel tight on your teeth when you put them in? Yeah. Oh yeah. I didn't know they made them like that. That's crazy how much they cost. Uh This one is a removable. I know. I want uh I want uh a stable is it's very expensive. Around 50,000 50,000 pesos. About $1000 here snap straight. So what about your bottom seat? What about the bottom down is? Yeah, this one is when the when the coffee this gun. Then I need to go to the dentist and cover it. Mhm. How much those cost you say? Um 400 places. Each top and bottom. 400. Top 404 100 bottom. Okay. All right. No that's good. I don't make sure I think such a thing. Yeah. So um you okay? Ready? Ready ready to uh ready to uh sleep. But I didn't mean oh I have a survey I have to do at 10 o'clock. See oh hey age? Uh huh. Did you say you didn't see this ancient kid? 10 o'clock. 20 more minutes. You have to talk to somebody? I told you I missed one this morning. They had one for like 35 $40. I woke up in the middle and I woke up to pray. I just checked it and I did one. I did what? I did one like four in the morning, like after I prayed for 30 then, but like three of them today, like last night and today they pop up and you click them, they're like it's full. It's full. I'm sorry, it's full. I'm like uh yeah, it happened twice this morning. So yeah, and I'm just sitting in my bed washing, washing clothes, washing my sheets and some other stuff. I have to pay well what you say? I'm getting what getting kept. Who getting swear it is. Oh my God, Here we go. No, I am not your at least at least not not like that, at least already had making with my period not look like a born and looks like a words bomb. You like fat. That's what it is. That's why you always talk about that. You want me to be fat. It's not gonna happen. I'm gonna keep a six pack. Yes. Sometimes we have a shared bread but are places like I have to admit that mine. What's that? I'm not gonna get fat so I'm not gonna happen. I will be dieting and exercising even harder or let that happen. Yeah you're lucky. You need to run more. That's what I need to do. Run more. Yeah yep yep yep. So you had a good day. He picked up all your stock. Yeah a lot of stuff. Huh? Got all this stuff sitting in your house. So you have all that stuff sitting in your house. Yeah some is I sent it to my parents house and is here because I cannot ask them to put in the store because the store is 11 entrance only. It takes long long walk to go there. So I just spoke to I just in the house at my friend's house. Okay well good boy. Hey A J called me last night I think I was talking to you. I was texting you. He just called you like what you doing bro? Just checking on you. I was like I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. He said he's gonna come this week or this week. I want to go to the back and go to the beach. Mhm mm. So how's the coffee there? No more shit. I wish still bad people don't want to wear mask. They don't believe it. They're like you they don't believe it. You don't believe it either. Yeah. Yeah. What? You don't believe it Because yeah I didn't believe that because it's a theory. It's hard. How do you know? But how do you how do you know that though? You don't know that for a fact right? You don't know that for a fact. Yeah. You assume because because the their relatives or the family of that person is uh they said that not all of it, but they want to take you there Because if this time people dry, they ask you to very fast, not that longer. That's bringing the house to get body from the hospital. So the family is angry. Why must you? Re very fast two degrees slash permit at, But they said uh, they said people die from other things like other elements if they have covid it's, I don't know. I don't think it's, I don't think it's anything to play with. You don't want to catch it. You say that but you don't want to catch it. If they said you can wear a mask, you cannot wear a mask. We don't care. Would you wear a mask? Yeah. Well then you believe then you're just frustrated. Yeah, of course I must keep myself but so much because I heard the rumors. It's how much the computer in the Philippines, it took a few talent money to china general give money. How much the total of computer in the Philippines. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't I don't think it's beneficial for people here losing a lot of money. Yeah, losing a lot of money. I don't think it's like a plus or benefit. It's not something people want it, hospitals are stretched and stuff like that. Uh Yeah, so I don't think it's like something that people really really like. Yeah, nobody wants, nobody likes what happened. Sound already that this is just uh obvious everything that's crazy. You better go sleep, put some hydrocortisone on it, you need to put something on it, just put it on there. You know what kind of green? It's not it's not working june hydro hydrocortisone. Just put it on there and leave it where you can see it. Just let it sit. You can sleep with it on there. Yeah you don't have to rub it in. Yeah. Uh Yeah I mean I don't see anything on there. What kind of cream is that you're selling? What is it for me? Uh What you like and vitamin Whiting? Oh my God you're still using that stuff. For what? Why are you using that? You need to stop using it. God are you serious? That's that's crazy. Cheryl. Yeah you need to stop stop using it. Why are you using it? You want to be white? So you already used that? You don't have to keep using it. Yeah let's be stop using this stuff. It's not good. Uh Yeah. You crazy? Yeah. Hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Uh Today's leg day leg exercises. Uh Today's leg exercises. Yeah. You know I have the survey to do in 10 minutes. It's supposed to be I have to wait for, the person is supposed to be a video call. Somebody else is supposed to be on beyond here. I'm just opened it early and I'm waiting so we'll see. I have to wait till like 10 05 to see if they come and then uh they don't come. I had to close it out. Uh huh. Oh, okay. That's good sweetheart. Go ahead. It takes me when you wake up art. Bye bye. Yeah. You have to go through that. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh right. Okay. Do you think that would be? Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Let me see if I can find it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The building. Yeah. Yeah. Questions. Mhm. Yeah. People Yeah. Including. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You have to go with you. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. You know what you're asking? Okay. Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: All right so
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I'm richard
SPEAKER_L: I'm Ed rick.
SPEAKER_R: Ed rick. Oh
SPEAKER_L: rick.
SPEAKER_R: uncle different name. So I'm in Orlando.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I'm in California.
SPEAKER_R: Oh. Oh this is early for you. Well in today's world this seems early.
SPEAKER_L: Well, no, it's 10 o'clock. I usually wake up about six or seven regardless. I don't
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I don't sleep, I can't sleep late, I can't sleep like that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Are you currently working right now? Is that part of the reason or?
SPEAKER_L: no, I do what I do real estate, you do real estate. So you know, it's kind of like that kind of keeps you busy, innocent. And then it's even though this covid stuff is really kind of crazy right now, it's like uh I don't everything is selling here right now very slowly over uh how should I say like over everything is like overpriced right now. Put it like that, it's like another
SPEAKER_R: divided.
SPEAKER_L: bubble. Yeah, it's like another bubble. Yes, another bubble. It's gonna, I don't know when it's gonna end, but yes, it's pretty crazy. Everybody was assuming because of Covid that uh things wouldn't uh things wouldn't be selling like that, you know? Maybe uh Well they thought it would be a lot of deals, but it's the opposite. Yes, the opposite. It's been kind of crazy. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So people are wanting to sell but no one's buying.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. No, it's a seller's market right now. Put it like this I was working on a deal from about a month and a half for a house. That was really the value was about 189,000. The guy wanted to 28 enough, you know? And uh it just yesterday he had somebody off from 2 55. But the value
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it shot up online from 1 89 2 to 28 online. I was I was gonna buy for 2 25. Somebody offered him to 55. So he's like I had somebody offered me 2 55 like you could run with it, you know? But yeah, but they would say the value shut up online for about almost $40,000 difference. That's about what it shot up to.
SPEAKER_R: Is there
SPEAKER_L: Just online.
SPEAKER_R: reason?
SPEAKER_L: It's the housing supplies. It's a shortage of housing supplies that is real sport. It's like at an all time low. And then it's, you know, it's not enough houses available. Everyone's looking for him. Yeah. Everyone's looking for him. But every year and everything is just shooting up everything. It's not a good time if you're an investor is not a good time to buy like that. If you're buying a home, I guess you don't mind, you know? But you're talking about a 900 square 975 square foot home. Two bedroom too bad, 19 1000 square feet. For 255,000.
SPEAKER_R: That's tiny for that price. But I guess it's California so I don't know how again I'm on the other coast
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is. I mean it's the high desert. I'm from L. A. But I just moved up here a few months ago. It's the high desert. And uh yes. Crazy. It's the high desert and everything is still cheaper. But it's like even me looking at that price. I feel like that's a lot for a house. That science. There's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: now in your knowledge or perspective did it look like it was someone who was going to stay in the house or they're wanting to do something and flip
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: it like you said the investors
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: if they did that was that was risky. I mean, God, I mean, there's probably somebody want to stay in the house. There's a lot of people probably someone want to stay in the house. Because I mean because in L. A. You can't you're not gonna find anything in the two hundreds in L. A. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not moving.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. You're not gonna find anything. You might find something, you'll find something in the three hundreds maybe. Uh You won't find anything in 200. You're not gonna find anything at that price
SPEAKER_R: So if
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: are selling their houses in L. A. It's so hard to find a place. They're probably leaving the city. Is that why there's
SPEAKER_L: one of
SPEAKER_R: help?
SPEAKER_L: the people, a lot of people from L. A. Move up here, it's only like an hour, hour and a half away. A lot of people from L. A. Stay here because you can sell your house because like even in uh you can sell your house for like maybe let's say uh the same size house might have been like over 300,000 in L. A. At same size house.
SPEAKER_R: wow. In L. A. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah in L. A. In south central in compton in the areas you know you consider quote unquote to be bad areas. Yeah there was still would be an expensive home you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: That would be over 300,000 you know I mean? So uh you know and everything you know, I don't know it's just so crowded, it's crowded and yeah. I don't know man that still rely for house under 1000 square feet. It's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I guess where I'm at right now. Um And we have houses like the guy across the street from me um bought the house at an auction but he's planning on flipping it. So he brought about a almost 200 square but not 202,000 square foot house for about $100,000 40,000. But he's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: gonna flip it. And you said that I think a buyer's market so I'm wondering will
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: he be able to
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: it's a seller,
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: it's a seller's market, it's a seller's market. But no it could be it depends it could be different. It's never the same across the board, you know because like even even if you see on the media, if they say uh you know houses are selling or housing prices are falling, you know in your area you can still be rising. It's never it's never it's never the same all across the board. Like if if you follow the media you'll mess around and lose out. It's never the thing. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: You got to do with in your area that you want to go to.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, because I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure it's not being propped up but I doubt that other areas are probably that is hot. That's just ridiculous. You know what I mean? That's just ridiculous
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: I'm a little
SPEAKER_R: us people are building new house, there's new neighborhoods being built all the time around us. I mean we're in first quarter so we're getting a lot of houses built. So I'm surprised that I guess he bought the house at half its value because of an option a foreclosure. So I mean I guess that's a good thing but I just don't know if it was he was chancing it by flipping it because like you said here, I'm thinking oh it's risky to sell your house because who's moving or who's buying houses right now. But like you said depending on where you live there are people who are moving
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: Yes Yes Yes. All right just you know you really the only way to check is like you really a realtor
SPEAKER_R: studies
SPEAKER_L: can tell you real estate
SPEAKER_R: of all
SPEAKER_L: you can
SPEAKER_R: political,
SPEAKER_L: tell you what did you say?
SPEAKER_R: my computer spoke.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay yeah it's a real estate and you can tell you about the supply they can tell you you know about how much inventory they have. They can tell you that like I said the inventory appearance at an all time low it just keeps breaking records. There's not enough houses so.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: people are moving out there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah they're moving most definitely they're moving people want to move, they want, you know, they're trying to buy houses and things like that, you know? Uh you know, they're driving the price, it's a seller's market right now, they really can sell, you know? But um yeah, I don't know if it's, you know, but really, I think that people should wait a little while because I don't know what's gonna happen. Everybody says it's gonna be a lot of defaults, you know, a lot of foreclosures coming. I think maybe the only thing I can say, I can only see the people who were in trouble before Kobe, that's
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: what I can,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you know, you know?
SPEAKER_R: they were going to be lost out now but because of you can postpone postpone there might be hoping they can recover. But depending on what the situation is, like you said that they were in trouble prior the problem and I will be able to dig themselves out now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Like you you were told back in March or february or january or whatever, you know, you've been having problems now, the people who having profits for because of covid, it's probably not the same. They'll probably be okay.
SPEAKER_R: they were all on time. You were good now this happened
SPEAKER_L: now this happens.
SPEAKER_R: we'll work with you but you already behind six months to a year already.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. I don't know. We just have to see how it plays. I don't see the government. I don't see the government really. I don't know letting I guess just like I said that people have been in try I don't see them the flooding for everybody is forecasting it but I don't I don't see it. I don't know. But that would be the time to buy. That's when it will be a lot of deals get out to be
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: if it happens. Yeah it
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: happens.
SPEAKER_R: I get like I'm gonna call them junk text messages and the drug messages hi, I want to buy your house like really? Like all
SPEAKER_L: that's the truth.
SPEAKER_R: you did was look at public records, found my number, sent me a message saying hi, I want to buy your house. And I'm a friend of mine online jokes like how many houses does this Susan need? She keeps saying that she's buying houses.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean some of them, yeah I see some it's a lady up here like that. It's a lady oh my God she has so many rental owns that. She has the houses look brand new. I mean God I don't know how she does it. She she has a lot of them. She works works craigslist has a lot of rental owns you know So But yeah I don't know. We'll see you know. Yeah. A lot of people they do do that though. They do look people up online and uh usually do a pre foreclosures. Really? That's the best one to do because you can find out before they go because they have a window of opportunity where they can sell and you know they can sell and you know and get out of there, we can still salvage their credit if they're smart enough, you know what I mean? They they act fast enough to do that. So usually those are the people who usually get the message or just abandoned houses, empty houses, stuff like that, you know what I mean? Those are those are good also but just I guess, I don't know, I guess people just think they try to buy people's houses, they just sometimes people fish like that, you know, hoping somebody will bite, you
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: know with us we're just like okay
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: sure we're gonna sell our house, but where will we live? We're
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: must,
SPEAKER_R: looking to move. So where are we
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: going?
SPEAKER_L: know, you must have a hot neighborhood. That must be what it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I mean we are. The neighborhood itself is
SPEAKER_L: This is.
SPEAKER_R: I would well I would just like hot like it's an old it's in 1994 neighborhood but all
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: around us are all these big resorts. Uh Four Seasons is near us and other like major golf courses and our little neighborhood, you know rinky dink neighborhood that was here before anybody else was here and me and all honestly if the resort wants to buy us out, buy out the neighborhood, you know I hear those stories big business by his house for like a million dollars like sure take it no issue selling me for those like really super high prices. No, I doubt that what happened. Exactly. We have our neighborhood and then all around us on all sides is a
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: golf resort, it's a Four Seasons resort and then there's our little 300 house neighborhood, so if they want to buy the neighborhood and give us a really good price on the house, I'll sell
SPEAKER_L: You know, you know
SPEAKER_R: coffee.
SPEAKER_L: what, it's crazy is that uh is that I think like in like the last 10 years you had corporations buying houses, big corporations, you know, you might have a corporation in my own like 2500 homes, crazy stuff like that, you know?
SPEAKER_R: For what?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for rentals,
SPEAKER_R: Oh so a company is renting out houses now like
SPEAKER_L: they have big corporations just find all over the country like they might own uh 500 houses in Cincinnati, and then they might
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: own
SPEAKER_R: mean?
SPEAKER_L: 600 houses in Orlando and they rent them out. Yeah they're they're they're doing that, they're doing what regular uh investors do. They had more corporations doing it over the last few years. These people are like 2,503,000 units. Like. Yeah, so it's I mean it is possible you never know. You know I had my father, he lives in Nashville Tennessee. They the Belmont University bought their neighborhood, bought their houses to expand to expand cause he lived one street over from it. They bought it to expand their their campus
SPEAKER_R: How big was the neighborhood that was bought out? Like how many houses?
SPEAKER_L: just like a street. So it was like uh maybe like about at the most maybe like 20 houses maybe stretching maybe less, maybe like 15. It was just a street because they had they had the the university on one side and then history and then behind his house was a big parking lot. And at the at the end of the parking lot on the main road was a Belmont Belmont church I guess a baptist church. And then it was a gym that they had for the university. So it's kind of like the street was in between property owned.
SPEAKER_R: So they built around his neighborhood?
SPEAKER_L: You had a built around the street. Yeah so they ended up buying it all, they bought all the houses, you end up buying it and uh expand because it's like a small kind of a small university and they you know they I guess they needed room to expand. A matter of fact they bought my aunt street, I had an aunt it on the she owned the whole street on the other side of the university. They bought her a whole
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: street. She owned like four houses. And
SPEAKER_R: sister
SPEAKER_L: they,
SPEAKER_R: in law like that she lives where she is in New Orleans um and she has like like you just said the whole street, I'm like how well when one goes she gets it that she gets another one rent France France and eventually she owns the whole street
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she on the whole street it was like four houses. It's a dead end. It went right into the university. Yeah they bought the whole shit, they bought the whole street from her.
SPEAKER_R: At that point just rename at her name, just
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: rename
SPEAKER_L: had a lot
SPEAKER_R: the speaker.
SPEAKER_L: of property, she had a lot of property a lot a lot of she had a lot of problems out of business. Is she had a lot. That was
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: my great
SPEAKER_R: you see what stop shop for the university, one person to go with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. But so Orlando are so are their houses selling there? You say he's flipping it has to be a good market. He must know what he's doing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I guess, I mean I don't know if he's flipping it for like super super price but he bought it at an auction as a foreclosure and it was actually a rental. So somebody
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was renting, paying her rent to the owners and the owners paid the mortgage so
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: not evicted because of it and um, we just spoke to the other day, he's just like gutting it rip,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: like cleaning it up and then he's going to flip it.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: was it
SPEAKER_R: this is my
SPEAKER_L: of work?
SPEAKER_R: house, like no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Is it a lot of work is it doesn't need a lot of work?
SPEAKER_R: Um from what he claimed. Yes. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: there was tile floor, but like they had dogs in the house that probably destroyed from the baseboards. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so, and the yard was pretty much dead. I don't think it's gonna be a long, like I've seen the Tv shows like house is about to collapse, I don't think that, but this
SPEAKER_L: Pretty
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: an older neighborhood and those of us who have lived here are walls have had mildew on them from the 19 nineties, so it's possible that that house had never had interiors redone, like we had to have our interiors redone and we live here
SPEAKER_L: completely.
SPEAKER_R: um, the roof has never been redone. Um, so it is plausible appliances but um, he's there constantly just like he's been there for the past few days every day. I just hear sounds, stuff is getting poured up. Um, he flat out said, I'm just here to flip it and move on. So
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: the average price in the neighborhood is going for the
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: low 200 like two twenties, things like that. So if you bought it for 100 he puts in several 1000 into it, it's still a good profit from it,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. So if he puts in 50 you can still make about at least 70,000.
SPEAKER_R: correct? And depending on how quickly I guess he
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: flips it from my understanding, you avoid certain, isn't there like a mortgage that either delays is really, really, I think there are balloons.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And certainly if you have like maybe you have like 90 days before you have to make your first payment. Yeah, that's yeah, like that.
SPEAKER_R: that might be what he's trying to do is get rid of that but I don't know if you could get rid of the house that fast no matter
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: how quickly things sell
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean he
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: must know the market maybe the market is going you know, he just has the time and right so hopefully it doesn't turn around on them, you know just time and right and just have it. I mean he should always be able to sell as long as he can find an investor, it just happened price right. You know, just gotta not be agree because if he could go for $50,000 profit and just sell it for 200,000 and then
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: let the wants to have 20,000 worth of equity or whatever. He could do it like that. It just depends. You can always get it sold easily. Go on craigslist and find all those guys talking about, we buy houses and all that and sell it.
SPEAKER_R: we buy houses for cash.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, all cash. But the only thing is about all cash is usually at a discount. You can get it, but a discount, you know, you're gonna pay cash you want, you want to discount. That's the only thing, you know. God they don't tell guys. But um yeah, hopefully he gets taken care of. So the majority of the houses are over 2000 square feet are better.
SPEAKER_R: Um In this neighborhood we are under he has one of the bigger houses in
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: the near future,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: of houses they heard about 15 square
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: feet.
SPEAKER_L: good. That's good. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Um Well sending what you said that's in California like yeah my apartment here when I lived in an apartment um was just under 800 different apartments um and it was a 22 So I think that people are buying, I mean I'm not even
SPEAKER_L: Could
SPEAKER_R: apartment
SPEAKER_L: be,
SPEAKER_R: but buying in California for that same size is just amazing. I couldn't imagine living in that small space anymore after living in a house.
SPEAKER_L: The only thing only thing about it is that, well here here, particularly in this region is they have big lots, like a lot of like in this city, I'm in Apple Valley. This city they have a lot of one acre lots. That's like, it's a horse. Like our neighbors, like some of the people have horses, some of them have goats. So like that house was pretty big. I think it was like half an acre and you know, it's just living room, dining room, kitchen, you know, a bedroom, another another bathroom and then a bathroom with an uncertain time in the bedroom with an en suite. You know, I mean they had a two car garage, wasn't the two car to car one car garage, So, but it's still a small house, 975 square feet. My sister is paying. Uh she, I don't even know how many square feet it has to be like maybe 500. I don't know. But they say it's a one bedroom, it looks like a studio and they want, she pays 16 80 is an apartment. Yeah. An apartment. I mean you walk
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: went to my house,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, like uh the kitchen and then it's like a little dining room area and then it's another room. That's it. You have
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: the bathroom,
SPEAKER_R: annual middle, You're in every room of the house
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you walk in and
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: you just
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: you're there, you know what I mean? Yeah. That's ridiculous. It's nice though. They have a rooftop rooftop decks and stuff like that. So when we were outside, I was like, man, that house, it looks like a studio. There's like a one bedroom. So she's like, you see the the balcony to see the department of balconies. Like yeah, she said those are the studios, you get a studio, you get a balcony. Like if you got a one bedroom, I don't want to see what the studio looks like studio, maybe they just take down the bathroom wall because you have a, you know, I don't know. It's just, it's ridiculous. Like, I guess it's a nice building. You know, you have key cards, elevators. Like I said, rooftop decks, you can see everything, you can see the hills, you can see downtown L. A. You can see everything. But it's like, man, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. A new bill nowhere to park nowhere to part better park on the street on Crenshaw Crenshaw boulevard is
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: nowhere
SPEAKER_R: it would
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: not be coming for someone to park a couple of streets down and walk.
SPEAKER_L: My sister does it all the time. Uh, here. My youngest sister. She does because they stay together. My youngest sister does it all the time. She'll she'll be on the phone like it's nowhere to park over here. I'm like, you know, she rolls around looking it's got a parking street over. Yes, it's a nice area though from all right down the street. Crenshaw Malls. It's real nice. It's real nice. It's just good Lord 16 80. I mean it is small people,
SPEAKER_R: At
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: point,
SPEAKER_L: some of
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: the people.
SPEAKER_R: you want to move further out to get something more for the price?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You have to move out of L. A.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you're paying for your location
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You gotta move out of L. A. You gotta move
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: out of
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: L.
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: A.
SPEAKER_R: me, I am right outside of Disney world, so I hear the fireworks. Um I can see them all that kind of stuff from the house, so I can actually even see some of the stuff on property, some of the bigger buildings from where I live. Um So I'm paying for an inflated price for where I live, where for the same price that I'm paying. I got people in a few just a couple miles down the road, two story houses, double the square footage all that for the same price. I'm like yeah but I'm right here on my major intersections of my lifestyle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. You're you're in the mix your everything is, you don't have to travel there for,
SPEAKER_R: correct. So it's like oh gee I've done with the parts. Okay great them home, everyone else like they got to go through all that traffic to get out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: See that, that would be like here all that is in Anaheim. Well you have stuff all over there like you have stuff in L. A. Also, Anaheim has Disneyland knott's berry farm and they have great was Great Wolf Lodge, but the same house probably 100,000 square feet. The house would be like 407,000. Okay. You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: remember
SPEAKER_L: I mean from.
SPEAKER_R: one time in L. A. I lost the car because I had a part a few streets down and I can't remember which street waste part and that would be my fear if I lived there. Is that you know if you get home really late and you're tired you just find a spot where were you come the next morning?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean uh well you know that's only like right there. Usually they have places to park, you know, a lot of older apart this is a new apartment building. So that's how they built it, you know? But a lot of lot of the apartment places they have, you know, underground parking. Uh Yeah they have underground part to that.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a swamp. There's no underground. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean, you know, it's just like it's built, we go under the building. So a lot of those places have to be updated to I think a lot of uh making sure they're up too cold for you know, earthquake. Uh Special agent. But uh yeah it's just but you're gonna have to have a, well they have public transportation but L. A. Is so spread out so big. It's not really elegance, humongous is big. A lot of people don't realize how big it is. They don't realize how many people are there. It's very various. You know the county is 4000 square mouth. Yeah and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's 10 million people in that county. And it's like 88 cities. So just like like Long Beach from downtown Long Beach to downtown. L. A. Is probably like 30 miles.
SPEAKER_R: When I was out there I think it was last year I think it was um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: there was a beach that had like a huge walkway or like from one city to another. All along the meeting is just a long sidewalk.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you mean you mean you mean the, oh yeah you're talking about like venice to santa Monica. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That thing our that's ridiculous. I'm sure people might walk it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah you can you can ride bikes. It's cool to ride bikes. I'm supposed to do that sometime soon go down there and ride bikes from venice and santa Monica. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: You have a lot of pictures Malibu.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We we stopped by I just looked like not walking it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a lot of people. You went to venice. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I I mean I remember there were hills and those hills were killer on the legs because florida everything's flat so California and like hills and then a friend of ours he was there. He was like, all right, just let's go like hold on, I can't walk that fast.
SPEAKER_L: You went out you went hiking?
SPEAKER_R: No. Just walking up and down the streets. That was the killer of violence.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Yeah it depends on the areas. Could see like people in san Francisco consider L. A. Flat because san Francisco is real hilly but it's only certain parts because it is it is you have heels in certain parts but it is a lot of it's flat because like certain streets you can be like you can be like on 100 and 15th or something. You can see all the way down the street straight to
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: downtown L. A. Just on where you are. But yeah but they have we have mountains and all that mountains. Deserts have ski reports. Yeah but you have
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: what, I don't know about this here.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you have ski resorts you have some in L. A. County. So right outside of L. A. County you have mammoth, mammoth mountain, big bear. You have a few of them.
SPEAKER_R: Real
SPEAKER_L: We can
SPEAKER_R: snow?
SPEAKER_L: go further
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: snow. Real snow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's no so you have mountains. Yeah so when you if you land in L. A. Depends on the time. Listen you can land in L. A. Uh Let's say you come into spring let's say it's like april and let's say it's like 65 70 degrees in L. A. But you can look up and you can see the mountains with snow cones, you're right there right there
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: know that enough snow to warrant a resort up there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah you have it you have won this in L. A. County but it
SPEAKER_R: Shot.
SPEAKER_L: doesn't get enough snow in so many years. But you have some writer you have right would you have a lot of right outside of L. A. Right there? You know I mean it's like you know 40 40 minutes away or whatever. You can you can ski, you can ski in the county
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: people school.
SPEAKER_R: known for that. I always imagine like surfing but never skiing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You can ski you can
SPEAKER_R: metaphor.
SPEAKER_L: you can hike, you can kind mountains. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Whatever the hiking.
SPEAKER_L: You're the
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: desert
SPEAKER_R: don't look much.
SPEAKER_L: and the desert.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it makes sense. I think California's big. You know the topography that all those options would be there. But you just think of it. But
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: when you think
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: help
SPEAKER_L: not it's not associated with L. A. It's not
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: it's not associated with yeah, it's there. It's there then. You know, you got all the theme for it just like Orlando. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Now how are you handling the house California? Didn't
SPEAKER_L: Let's talk.
SPEAKER_R: you re locked down? The governor? Re locked? You
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: guys down?
SPEAKER_L: they didn't. They didn't. He's thinking about it. He hasn't. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I thought he did.
SPEAKER_L: No, he hasn't done it yet. He's he's thinking about it, man. Because, you know, I don't know, it's a debate going on. People think it's a conspiracy or I don't know. I don't know man, people don't like
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: their freedom restricted.
SPEAKER_R: feet available on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: believe. Honestly believe that. I believe a lot of people were concerned. I think a lot of people were in the house regardless. I think as soon as you tell the person you can't leave,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I think now it becomes a problem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because here, All right, you guys can go out. Everyone went to the beach and they went to parties and all that kind of stuff and that's what spiked up florida like crazy is you had cabin fever and people are like, all right. I need to go to so they need to see people. And the only thing that we're open, we're beaches or parties. Everybody always closed. And because everything else that was closed with stuff that could be managed, you can control how many people go into a movie theater. How many people do the theme parks. But when it comes to the beach, you really can't contain people. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Your beaches are crowded
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yes. We're
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: small beaches. I don't remember if you guys had larger. I think you guys had longer beaches than we did like bigger beaches.
SPEAKER_L: probably I think so you all have better beaches, we have better weather. You have you'll have better beaches. Your beaches are crowded. They are probably they probably are lower because see like in Malibu, the city of Malibu has like I think it's 27 miles short of beaches.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We don't have that long with stretch also. That's like beach and then development. Speech development.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes, you're right because we don't we don't have that in southern California. They passed ordinances against that when they saw what happened in florida. They were like no before.
SPEAKER_R: we're lots of beachfront development.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah condos and things like, yeah. Right. You're right. Yeah. They don't, yeah, they don't they
SPEAKER_R: More.
SPEAKER_L: don't they don't go for that here. They they may stay ensured that they didn't have that. They didn't want it like florida.
SPEAKER_R: that's what was missing. I remember it now. Yeah. I actually saw beaches here.
SPEAKER_L: Please.
SPEAKER_R: We don't we'll see beach beach, but then you can see in the distance buildings.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They, yeah, they, yeah, they don't go for that. They
SPEAKER_R: That's it.
SPEAKER_L: they passed ordinances a long time ago. I think santa Monica was one of the first ones. They said uh you know, you couldn't obstruct the view and think that yeah, they made sure of that. Yeah, they
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: your private beaches.
SPEAKER_L: here, they have private beaches, they have part beaches, they have no beaches, all that they have, they have uh issue going on and um I think it got resolved in Malibu where uh some of the, I don't know if it was
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: billionaires roll away, but if some of the
SPEAKER_R: Billionaire's
SPEAKER_L: people,
SPEAKER_R: row
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you have a billionaire's row Malibu.
SPEAKER_R: with a beat, wow.
SPEAKER_L: but they were obstructing people from going like the walkways to get to the beach beach access, they would claim it and they were like, this is public land, this is not just you know belongs to the city. And they were going through that because they were trying to stop people from walking, you know going to the beach, you know I mean? But yeah because Malibu's really uh nice and laid back, it's only like 13,000 people in the city, but it's kind of like west Coast Hamptons, it's kind of what it's like. People have, you know people live in new york and have a, you know a place in new york and they don't have a spot in the Hamptons the same thing. People live in L. A. They have a place in Malibu. Yeah because it's
SPEAKER_R: To have
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: funny
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes, most definitely. Yes, it's uh
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it's super expensive.
SPEAKER_R: right. Well, it looks like we've made our time. So what? I didn't have a day.
SPEAKER_L: you too take