Hello.
All right so
I'm richard
Ed rick. Oh
uncle different name. So I'm in Orlando.
Oh. Oh this is early for you. Well in today's world this seems early.
that's crazy.
Are you currently working right now? Is that part of the reason or?
divided.
So people are wanting to sell but no one's buying.
What?
Is there
reason?
That's tiny for that price. But I guess it's California so I don't know how again I'm on the other coast
now in your knowledge or perspective did it look like it was someone who was going to stay in the house or they're wanting to do something and flip
it like you said the investors
good.
I'm not moving.
So if
people
are selling their houses in L. A. It's so hard to find a place. They're probably leaving the city. Is that why there's
help?
wow. In L. A. Okay.
All
I guess where I'm at right now. Um And we have houses like the guy across the street from me um bought the house at an auction but he's planning on flipping it. So he brought about a almost 200 square but not 202,000 square foot house for about $100,000 40,000. But he's
gonna flip it. And you said that I think a buyer's market so I'm wondering will
he be able to
still
so.
You got to do with in your area that you want to go to.
I mean
with
us people are building new house, there's new neighborhoods being built all the time around us. I mean we're in first quarter so we're getting a lot of houses built. So I'm surprised that I guess he bought the house at half its value because of an option a foreclosure. So I mean I guess that's a good thing but I just don't know if it was he was chancing it by flipping it because like you said here, I'm thinking oh it's risky to sell your house because who's moving or who's buying houses right now. But like you said depending on where you live there are people who are moving
around
studies
of all
political,
my computer spoke.
So
people are moving out there.
correct.
But
they were going to be lost out now but because of you can postpone postpone there might be hoping they can recover. But depending on what the situation is, like you said that they were in trouble prior the problem and I will be able to dig themselves out now.
they were all on time. You were good now this happened
we'll work with you but you already behind six months to a year already.
I mean,
I mean
I get like I'm gonna call them junk text messages and the drug messages hi, I want to buy your house like really? Like all
you did was look at public records, found my number, sent me a message saying hi, I want to buy your house. And I'm a friend of mine online jokes like how many houses does this Susan need? She keeps saying that she's buying houses.
You
know with us we're just like okay
sure we're gonna sell our house, but where will we live? We're
not
looking to move. So where are we
going?
Yeah. Well, I mean we are. The neighborhood itself is
I would well I would just like hot like it's an old it's in 1994 neighborhood but all
around us are all these big resorts. Uh Four Seasons is near us and other like major golf courses and our little neighborhood, you know rinky dink neighborhood that was here before anybody else was here and me and all honestly if the resort wants to buy us out, buy out the neighborhood, you know I hear those stories big business by his house for like a million dollars like sure take it no issue selling me for those like really super high prices. No, I doubt that what happened. Exactly. We have our neighborhood and then all around us on all sides is a
golf resort, it's a Four Seasons resort and then there's our little 300 house neighborhood, so if they want to buy the neighborhood and give us a really good price on the house, I'll sell
coffee.
For what?
Oh so a company is renting out houses now like
I
mean?
How big was the neighborhood that was bought out? Like how many houses?
So they built around his neighborhood?
wow.
sister
in law like that she lives where she is in New Orleans um and she has like like you just said the whole street, I'm like how well when one goes she gets it that she gets another one rent France France and eventually she owns the whole street
At that point just rename at her name, just
rename
the speaker.
Well
you see what stop shop for the university, one person to go with.
Yeah I mean I guess, I mean I don't know if he's flipping it for like super super price but he bought it at an auction as a foreclosure and it was actually a rental. So somebody
was renting, paying her rent to the owners and the owners paid the mortgage so
she
not evicted because of it and um, we just spoke to the other day, he's just like gutting it rip,
like cleaning it up and then he's going to flip it.
Hey,
this is my
house, like no.
Um from what he claimed. Yes. Um,
there was tile floor, but like they had dogs in the house that probably destroyed from the baseboards. Um,
so, and the yard was pretty much dead. I don't think it's gonna be a long, like I've seen the Tv shows like house is about to collapse, I don't think that, but this
is
an older neighborhood and those of us who have lived here are walls have had mildew on them from the 19 nineties, so it's possible that that house had never had interiors redone, like we had to have our interiors redone and we live here
um, the roof has never been redone. Um, so it is plausible appliances but um, he's there constantly just like he's been there for the past few days every day. I just hear sounds, stuff is getting poured up. Um, he flat out said, I'm just here to flip it and move on. So
the average price in the neighborhood is going for the
low 200 like two twenties, things like that. So if you bought it for 100 he puts in several 1000 into it, it's still a good profit from it,
correct? And depending on how quickly I guess he
flips it from my understanding, you avoid certain, isn't there like a mortgage that either delays is really, really, I think there are balloons.
that might be what he's trying to do is get rid of that but I don't know if you could get rid of the house that fast no matter
how quickly things sell
the
work.
correct.
we buy houses for cash.
Um In this neighborhood we are under he has one of the bigger houses in
the near future,
most
of houses they heard about 15 square
feet.
Um Well sending what you said that's in California like yeah my apartment here when I lived in an apartment um was just under 800 different apartments um and it was a 22 So I think that people are buying, I mean I'm not even
apartment
but buying in California for that same size is just amazing. I couldn't imagine living in that small space anymore after living in a house.
I
went to my house,
the
annual middle, You're in every room of the house
you're
there.
So
it would
not be coming for someone to park a couple of streets down and walk.
At
that
point,
would
you want to move further out to get something more for the price?
Okay. So you're paying for your location
because
like
with
me, I am right outside of Disney world, so I hear the fireworks. Um I can see them all that kind of stuff from the house, so I can actually even see some of the stuff on property, some of the bigger buildings from where I live. Um So I'm paying for an inflated price for where I live, where for the same price that I'm paying. I got people in a few just a couple miles down the road, two story houses, double the square footage all that for the same price. I'm like yeah but I'm right here on my major intersections of my lifestyle.
correct. So it's like oh gee I've done with the parts. Okay great them home, everyone else like they got to go through all that traffic to get out. Mhm.
I
remember
one time in L. A. I lost the car because I had a part a few streets down and I can't remember which street waste part and that would be my fear if I lived there. Is that you know if you get home really late and you're tired you just find a spot where were you come the next morning?
I'm a swamp. There's no underground. Yeah.
Yeah.
When I was out there I think it was last year I think it was um
there was a beach that had like a huge walkway or like from one city to another. All along the meeting is just a long sidewalk.
That thing our that's ridiculous. I'm sure people might walk it.
No.
Yeah. We we stopped by I just looked like not walking it.
I guess I I mean I remember there were hills and those hills were killer on the legs because florida everything's flat so California and like hills and then a friend of ours he was there. He was like, all right, just let's go like hold on, I can't walk that fast.
No. Just walking up and down the streets. That was the killer of violence.
One.
You know
what, I don't know about this here.
Real
snow?
Not
like
snow. Real snow,
I didn't
know that enough snow to warrant a resort up there. Yeah.
Shot.
Not
known for that. I always imagine like surfing but never skiing.
metaphor.
Whatever the hiking.
You
don't look much.
I mean it makes sense. I think California's big. You know the topography that all those options would be there. But you just think of it. But
when you think
help
correct.
Now how are you handling the house California? Didn't
you re locked down? The governor? Re locked? You
guys down?
I thought he did.
Your
feet available on prolific.
It's
All
Yeah. Because here, All right, you guys can go out. Everyone went to the beach and they went to parties and all that kind of stuff and that's what spiked up florida like crazy is you had cabin fever and people are like, all right. I need to go to so they need to see people. And the only thing that we're open, we're beaches or parties. Everybody always closed. And because everything else that was closed with stuff that could be managed, you can control how many people go into a movie theater. How many people do the theme parks. But when it comes to the beach, you really can't contain people. Mhm.
Mhm. Yes. We're
also
small beaches. I don't remember if you guys had larger. I think you guys had longer beaches than we did like bigger beaches.
Yeah. We don't have that long with stretch also. That's like beach and then development. Speech development.
we're lots of beachfront development.
More.
that's what was missing. I remember it now. Yeah. I actually saw beaches here.
We don't we'll see beach beach, but then you can see in the distance buildings.
That's it.
And
your private beaches.
All
Billionaire's
row
with a beat, wow.
To have
funny
All
right. Well, it looks like we've made our time. So what? I didn't have a day.