trust your teeth. Gotta yourself to take a short drive through the desert. You wouldn't want to let me win with DR capabilities are doing right now. Mhm, introducing the obvious symptoms. This is your world. Are you ready to explore the technology that makes it tick? Get ready to code it, craft it, change it, protect it and create your future destinations. Career academy, entire schools ready to launch beautiful careers. Let them look the skills baby with the technology used to make the difference. Well, destination career. Happy today, anytime. Anyplace education for anyone. When I wake up in the morning, I'm black. I'm black. I'm still black. You will always know the police officer because I'm not always at work. But you always know that I'm now. It's time to make sure that there's change because the world is watching this is fracture. Just ugly image. Place your order and it will show that you were beautifully printed directly in the blast. Yes, there's another, not just another campus house around the corner is a fraction. I'm gonna see if I can contact but honestly I need more options conditions because that's why I need to be mobile the first and only pill of its kind that treats moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis. Sorry adam in this business is more like a numbers politis another medicines have not helped him out. Zell jones can lower your ability to fight infections before enduring treatment. Your doctor should check for infections like Tv into blood tests. Tell your doctor even had hepatitis B or C. Head like sometimes pension infections serious, sometimes fatal infections, cancers taking the higher than recommended dose to sell jets for already. You may have a barrage also. Hey Siri takes the rock. Yeah. Mhm. You have to see me first. Yeah, here or what's app here or what's app. I really have to look at the message again. Comma. I think he got immediate release period. But Twin said the unicorn unit is hit real bad with Covid. Comma. So he says he wouldn't be surprised if fat dog has covid period. He said like half the unit has it. But he's okay. He tested negative. Yeah, it's not okay. Messenger or WhatsApp? Wait shorts you uh mickey mouse. Hello kitty. Yeah, I see your little fat face. A little Flintstone feet. You uh tomorrow tomorrow, tomorrow tomorrow. You gonna keep me off? I'm not gonna say anything today. You know what I'm talking about them, you know? Uh huh. Yeah. You ready to go to sleep? Huh? How long you gonna be on facebook before you go to sleep? Uh How long you gonna be on facebook? You covering up the microphone? You uh those new braces? Those are new braces. Huh? Actually sure after. Uh Oh yeah. I've never until you have never seen people that have I've never seen braces like that until I met you. Did you can take them out and put them in. Yeah, I've never seen do they feel tight on your teeth when you put them in? Yeah. Oh yeah. I didn't know they made them like that. That's crazy how much they cost. Uh This one is a removable. I know. I want uh I want uh a stable is it's very expensive. Around 50,000 50,000 pesos. About $1000 here snap straight. So what about your bottom seat? What about the bottom down is? Yeah, this one is when the when the coffee this gun. Then I need to go to the dentist and cover it. Mhm. How much those cost you say? Um 400 places. Each top and bottom. 400. Top 404 100 bottom. Okay. All right. No that's good. I don't make sure I think such a thing. Yeah. So um you okay? Ready? Ready ready to uh ready to uh sleep. But I didn't mean oh I have a survey I have to do at 10 o'clock. See oh hey age? Uh huh. Did you say you didn't see this ancient kid? 10 o'clock. 20 more minutes. You have to talk to somebody? I told you I missed one this morning. They had one for like 35 $40. I woke up in the middle and I woke up to pray. I just checked it and I did one. I did what? I did one like four in the morning, like after I prayed for 30 then, but like three of them today, like last night and today they pop up and you click them, they're like it's full. It's full. I'm sorry, it's full. I'm like uh yeah, it happened twice this morning. So yeah, and I'm just sitting in my bed washing, washing clothes, washing my sheets and some other stuff. I have to pay well what you say? I'm getting what getting kept. Who getting swear it is. Oh my God, Here we go. No, I am not your at least at least not not like that, at least already had making with my period not look like a born and looks like a words bomb. You like fat. That's what it is. That's why you always talk about that. You want me to be fat. It's not gonna happen. I'm gonna keep a six pack. Yes. Sometimes we have a shared bread but are places like I have to admit that mine. What's that? I'm not gonna get fat so I'm not gonna happen. I will be dieting and exercising even harder or let that happen. Yeah you're lucky. You need to run more. That's what I need to do. Run more. Yeah yep yep yep. So you had a good day. He picked up all your stock. Yeah a lot of stuff. Huh? Got all this stuff sitting in your house. So you have all that stuff sitting in your house. Yeah some is I sent it to my parents house and is here because I cannot ask them to put in the store because the store is 11 entrance only. It takes long long walk to go there. So I just spoke to I just in the house at my friend's house. Okay well good boy. Hey A J called me last night I think I was talking to you. I was texting you. He just called you like what you doing bro? Just checking on you. I was like I want to go to the beach. I want to go to the beach. He said he's gonna come this week or this week. I want to go to the back and go to the beach. Mhm mm. So how's the coffee there? No more shit. I wish still bad people don't want to wear mask. They don't believe it. They're like you they don't believe it. You don't believe it either. Yeah. Yeah. What? You don't believe it Because yeah I didn't believe that because it's a theory. It's hard. How do you know? But how do you how do you know that though? You don't know that for a fact right? You don't know that for a fact. Yeah. You assume because because the their relatives or the family of that person is uh they said that not all of it, but they want to take you there Because if this time people dry, they ask you to very fast, not that longer. That's bringing the house to get body from the hospital. So the family is angry. Why must you? Re very fast two degrees slash permit at, But they said uh, they said people die from other things like other elements if they have covid it's, I don't know. I don't think it's, I don't think it's anything to play with. You don't want to catch it. You say that but you don't want to catch it. If they said you can wear a mask, you cannot wear a mask. We don't care. Would you wear a mask? Yeah. Well then you believe then you're just frustrated. Yeah, of course I must keep myself but so much because I heard the rumors. It's how much the computer in the Philippines, it took a few talent money to china general give money. How much the total of computer in the Philippines. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't I don't think it's beneficial for people here losing a lot of money. Yeah, losing a lot of money. I don't think it's like a plus or benefit. It's not something people want it, hospitals are stretched and stuff like that. Uh Yeah, so I don't think it's like something that people really really like. Yeah, nobody wants, nobody likes what happened. Sound already that this is just uh obvious everything that's crazy. You better go sleep, put some hydrocortisone on it, you need to put something on it, just put it on there. You know what kind of green? It's not it's not working june hydro hydrocortisone. Just put it on there and leave it where you can see it. Just let it sit. You can sleep with it on there. Yeah you don't have to rub it in. Yeah. Uh Yeah I mean I don't see anything on there. What kind of cream is that you're selling? What is it for me? Uh What you like and vitamin Whiting? Oh my God you're still using that stuff. For what? Why are you using that? You need to stop using it. God are you serious? That's that's crazy. Cheryl. Yeah you need to stop stop using it. Why are you using it? You want to be white? So you already used that? You don't have to keep using it. Yeah let's be stop using this stuff. It's not good. Uh Yeah. You crazy? Yeah. Hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Uh Today's leg day leg exercises. Uh Today's leg exercises. Yeah. You know I have the survey to do in 10 minutes. It's supposed to be I have to wait for, the person is supposed to be a video call. Somebody else is supposed to be on beyond here. I'm just opened it early and I'm waiting so we'll see. I have to wait till like 10 05 to see if they come and then uh they don't come. I had to close it out. Uh huh. Oh, okay. That's good sweetheart. Go ahead. It takes me when you wake up art. Bye bye. Yeah. You have to go through that. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh right. Okay. Do you think that would be? Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Let me see if I can find it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The building. Yeah. Yeah. Questions. Mhm. Yeah. People Yeah. Including. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You have to go with you. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. You know what you're asking? Okay. Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Hello, How you doing?
And
I'm Ed rick.
rick.
Oh yeah, I'm in California.
Well, no, it's 10 o'clock. I usually wake up about six or seven regardless. I don't
I don't sleep, I can't sleep late, I can't sleep like that. Yeah,
no, I do what I do real estate, you do real estate. So you know, it's kind of like that kind of keeps you busy, innocent. And then it's even though this covid stuff is really kind of crazy right now, it's like uh I don't everything is selling here right now very slowly over uh how should I say like over everything is like overpriced right now. Put it like that, it's like another
bubble. Yeah, it's like another bubble. Yes, another bubble. It's gonna, I don't know when it's gonna end, but yes, it's pretty crazy. Everybody was assuming because of Covid that uh things wouldn't uh things wouldn't be selling like that, you know? Maybe uh Well they thought it would be a lot of deals, but it's the opposite. Yes, the opposite. It's been kind of crazy. So. Yeah.
Mhm. No, it's a seller's market right now. Put it like this I was working on a deal from about a month and a half for a house. That was really the value was about 189,000. The guy wanted to 28 enough, you know? And uh it just yesterday he had somebody off from 2 55. But the value
it shot up online from 1 89 2 to 28 online. I was I was gonna buy for 2 25. Somebody offered him to 55. So he's like I had somebody offered me 2 55 like you could run with it, you know? But yeah, but they would say the value shut up online for about almost $40,000 difference. That's about what it shot up to.
Just online.
It's the housing supplies. It's a shortage of housing supplies that is real sport. It's like at an all time low. And then it's, you know, it's not enough houses available. Everyone's looking for him. Yeah. Everyone's looking for him. But every year and everything is just shooting up everything. It's not a good time if you're an investor is not a good time to buy like that. If you're buying a home, I guess you don't mind, you know? But you're talking about a 900 square 975 square foot home. Two bedroom too bad, 19 1000 square feet. For 255,000.
Yeah. It is. I mean it's the high desert. I'm from L. A. But I just moved up here a few months ago. It's the high desert. And uh yes. Crazy. It's the high desert and everything is still cheaper. But it's like even me looking at that price. I feel like that's a lot for a house. That science. There's a lot.
Thank you.
If
if they did that was that was risky. I mean, God, I mean, there's probably somebody want to stay in the house. There's a lot of people probably someone want to stay in the house. Because I mean because in L. A. You can't you're not gonna find anything in the two hundreds in L. A. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You're not gonna find anything. You might find something, you'll find something in the three hundreds maybe. Uh You won't find anything in 200. You're not gonna find anything at that price
fucking
out.
one of
the people, a lot of people from L. A. Move up here, it's only like an hour, hour and a half away. A lot of people from L. A. Stay here because you can sell your house because like even in uh you can sell your house for like maybe let's say uh the same size house might have been like over 300,000 in L. A. At same size house.
Yeah in L. A. In south central in compton in the areas you know you consider quote unquote to be bad areas. Yeah there was still would be an expensive home you know what I mean?
That would be over 300,000 you know I mean? So uh you know and everything you know, I don't know it's just so crowded, it's crowded and yeah. I don't know man that still rely for house under 1000 square feet. It's a lot.
that's
What?
No
it's a seller,
it's a seller's market, it's a seller's market. But no it could be it depends it could be different. It's never the same across the board, you know because like even even if you see on the media, if they say uh you know houses are selling or housing prices are falling, you know in your area you can still be rising. It's never it's never it's never the same all across the board. Like if if you follow the media you'll mess around and lose out. It's never the thing. Yeah. But
exactly, because I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure it's not being propped up but I doubt that other areas are probably that is hot. That's just ridiculous. You know what I mean? That's just ridiculous
because
I'm a little
Here.
Yes Yes Yes. All right just you know you really the only way to check is like you really a realtor
can tell you real estate
you can
tell you what did you say?
Oh okay yeah it's a real estate and you can tell you about the supply they can tell you you know about how much inventory they have. They can tell you that like I said the inventory appearance at an all time low it just keeps breaking records. There's not enough houses so.
No.
Yeah. Yeah they're moving most definitely they're moving people want to move, they want, you know, they're trying to buy houses and things like that, you know? Uh you know, they're driving the price, it's a seller's market right now, they really can sell, you know? But um yeah, I don't know if it's, you know, but really, I think that people should wait a little while because I don't know what's gonna happen. Everybody says it's gonna be a lot of defaults, you know, a lot of foreclosures coming. I think maybe the only thing I can say, I can only see the people who were in trouble before Kobe, that's
what I can,
you know, you know?
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Like you you were told back in March or february or january or whatever, you know, you've been having problems now, the people who having profits for because of covid, it's probably not the same. They'll probably be okay.
now this happens.
Right. Yeah. I don't know. We just have to see how it plays. I don't see the government. I don't see the government really. I don't know letting I guess just like I said that people have been in try I don't see them the flooding for everybody is forecasting it but I don't I don't see it. I don't know. But that would be the time to buy. That's when it will be a lot of deals get out to be
if it happens. Yeah it
happens.
that's the truth.
Yeah I mean some of them, yeah I see some it's a lady up here like that. It's a lady oh my God she has so many rental owns that. She has the houses look brand new. I mean God I don't know how she does it. She she has a lot of them. She works works craigslist has a lot of rental owns you know So But yeah I don't know. We'll see you know. Yeah. A lot of people they do do that though. They do look people up online and uh usually do a pre foreclosures. Really? That's the best one to do because you can find out before they go because they have a window of opportunity where they can sell and you know they can sell and you know and get out of there, we can still salvage their credit if they're smart enough, you know what I mean? They they act fast enough to do that. So usually those are the people who usually get the message or just abandoned houses, empty houses, stuff like that, you know what I mean? Those are those are good also but just I guess, I don't know, I guess people just think they try to buy people's houses, they just sometimes people fish like that, you know, hoping somebody will bite, you
know?
Okay.
you
must,
you
know, you must have a hot neighborhood. That must be what it is.
This is.
What?
Wait,
You know, you know
what, it's crazy is that uh is that I think like in like the last 10 years you had corporations buying houses, big corporations, you know, you might have a corporation in my own like 2500 homes, crazy stuff like that, you know?
Yeah, for rentals,
they have big corporations just find all over the country like they might own uh 500 houses in Cincinnati, and then they might
own
600 houses in Orlando and they rent them out. Yeah they're they're they're doing that, they're doing what regular uh investors do. They had more corporations doing it over the last few years. These people are like 2,503,000 units. Like. Yeah, so it's I mean it is possible you never know. You know I had my father, he lives in Nashville Tennessee. They the Belmont University bought their neighborhood, bought their houses to expand to expand cause he lived one street over from it. They bought it to expand their their campus
just like a street. So it was like uh maybe like about at the most maybe like 20 houses maybe stretching maybe less, maybe like 15. It was just a street because they had they had the the university on one side and then history and then behind his house was a big parking lot. And at the at the end of the parking lot on the main road was a Belmont Belmont church I guess a baptist church. And then it was a gym that they had for the university. So it's kind of like the street was in between property owned.
You had a built around the street. Yeah so they ended up buying it all, they bought all the houses, you end up buying it and uh expand because it's like a small kind of a small university and they you know they I guess they needed room to expand. A matter of fact they bought my aunt street, I had an aunt it on the she owned the whole street on the other side of the university. They bought her a whole
street. She owned like four houses. And
they,
Yeah she on the whole street it was like four houses. It's a dead end. It went right into the university. Yeah they bought the whole shit, they bought the whole street from her.
she
had a lot
of property, she had a lot of property a lot a lot of she had a lot of problems out of business. Is she had a lot. That was
my great
Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. But so Orlando are so are their houses selling there? You say he's flipping it has to be a good market. He must know what he's doing.
What?
That's
crazy.
Thank you.
so
was it
of work?
Yeah. Yeah. Is it a lot of work is it doesn't need a lot of work?
Do
Yeah.
Pretty
well.
completely.
What
just
Right. Right. So if he puts in 50 you can still make about at least 70,000.
But
Yes. And certainly if you have like maybe you have like 90 days before you have to make your first payment. Yeah, that's yeah, like that.
What?
Yeah. I mean he
he
must know the market maybe the market is going you know, he just has the time and right so hopefully it doesn't turn around on them, you know just time and right and just have it. I mean he should always be able to sell as long as he can find an investor, it just happened price right. You know, just gotta not be agree because if he could go for $50,000 profit and just sell it for 200,000 and then
let the wants to have 20,000 worth of equity or whatever. He could do it like that. It just depends. You can always get it sold easily. Go on craigslist and find all those guys talking about, we buy houses and all that and sell it.
Yeah, all cash. But the only thing is about all cash is usually at a discount. You can get it, but a discount, you know, you're gonna pay cash you want, you want to discount. That's the only thing, you know. God they don't tell guys. But um yeah, hopefully he gets taken care of. So the majority of the houses are over 2000 square feet are better.
that
So
what?
That's
good. That's good. That's good.
Could
be,
The only thing only thing about it is that, well here here, particularly in this region is they have big lots, like a lot of like in this city, I'm in Apple Valley. This city they have a lot of one acre lots. That's like, it's a horse. Like our neighbors, like some of the people have horses, some of them have goats. So like that house was pretty big. I think it was like half an acre and you know, it's just living room, dining room, kitchen, you know, a bedroom, another another bathroom and then a bathroom with an uncertain time in the bedroom with an en suite. You know, I mean they had a two car garage, wasn't the two car to car one car garage, So, but it's still a small house, 975 square feet. My sister is paying. Uh she, I don't even know how many square feet it has to be like maybe 500. I don't know. But they say it's a one bedroom, it looks like a studio and they want, she pays 16 80 is an apartment. Yeah. An apartment. I mean you walk
in.
Yes, like uh the kitchen and then it's like a little dining room area and then it's another room. That's it. You have
the bathroom,
yeah, you walk in and
you just
you're there, you know what I mean? Yeah. That's ridiculous. It's nice though. They have a rooftop rooftop decks and stuff like that. So when we were outside, I was like, man, that house, it looks like a studio. There's like a one bedroom. So she's like, you see the the balcony to see the department of balconies. Like yeah, she said those are the studios, you get a studio, you get a balcony. Like if you got a one bedroom, I don't want to see what the studio looks like studio, maybe they just take down the bathroom wall because you have a, you know, I don't know. It's just, it's ridiculous. Like, I guess it's a nice building. You know, you have key cards, elevators. Like I said, rooftop decks, you can see everything, you can see the hills, you can see downtown L. A. You can see everything. But it's like, man, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. A new bill nowhere to park nowhere to part better park on the street on Crenshaw Crenshaw boulevard is
nowhere
to
My sister does it all the time. Uh, here. My youngest sister. She does because they stay together. My youngest sister does it all the time. She'll she'll be on the phone like it's nowhere to park over here. I'm like, you know, she rolls around looking it's got a parking street over. Yes, it's a nice area though from all right down the street. Crenshaw Malls. It's real nice. It's real nice. It's just good Lord 16 80. I mean it is small people,
this
is
some of
the people.
Mhm. You have to move out of L. A.
Yeah. You gotta move out of L. A. You gotta move
out of
L.
A.
Yeah. Right. You're you're in the mix your everything is, you don't have to travel there for,
See that, that would be like here all that is in Anaheim. Well you have stuff all over there like you have stuff in L. A. Also, Anaheim has Disneyland knott's berry farm and they have great was Great Wolf Lodge, but the same house probably 100,000 square feet. The house would be like 407,000. Okay. You
know
I mean from.
Yeah. I mean uh well you know that's only like right there. Usually they have places to park, you know, a lot of older apart this is a new apartment building. So that's how they built it, you know? But a lot of lot of the apartment places they have, you know, underground parking. Uh Yeah they have underground part to that.
mean, you know, it's just like it's built, we go under the building. So a lot of those places have to be updated to I think a lot of uh making sure they're up too cold for you know, earthquake. Uh Special agent. But uh yeah it's just but you're gonna have to have a, well they have public transportation but L. A. Is so spread out so big. It's not really elegance, humongous is big. A lot of people don't realize how big it is. They don't realize how many people are there. It's very various. You know the county is 4000 square mouth. Yeah and
it's 10 million people in that county. And it's like 88 cities. So just like like Long Beach from downtown Long Beach to downtown. L. A. Is probably like 30 miles.
Mhm.
Oh you mean you mean you mean the, oh yeah you're talking about like venice to santa Monica. Yeah.
Oh yeah you can you can ride bikes. It's cool to ride bikes. I'm supposed to do that sometime soon go down there and ride bikes from venice and santa Monica. Yeah.
You have a lot of pictures Malibu.
Yeah it's a lot of people. You went to venice. Huh.
You went out you went hiking?
Thanks. Yeah it depends on the areas. Could see like people in san Francisco consider L. A. Flat because san Francisco is real hilly but it's only certain parts because it is it is you have heels in certain parts but it is a lot of it's flat because like certain streets you can be like you can be like on 100 and 15th or something. You can see all the way down the street straight to
downtown L. A. Just on where you are. But yeah but they have we have mountains and all that mountains. Deserts have ski reports. Yeah but you have
everything
yeah you have ski resorts you have some in L. A. County. So right outside of L. A. County you have mammoth, mammoth mountain, big bear. You have a few of them.
We can
go further
up
more.
Yeah it's no so you have mountains. Yeah so when you if you land in L. A. Depends on the time. Listen you can land in L. A. Uh Let's say you come into spring let's say it's like april and let's say it's like 65 70 degrees in L. A. But you can look up and you can see the mountains with snow cones, you're right there right there
there.
Oh yeah yeah you have it you have won this in L. A. County but it
doesn't get enough snow in so many years. But you have some writer you have right would you have a lot of right outside of L. A. Right there? You know I mean it's like you know 40 40 minutes away or whatever. You can you can ski, you can ski in the county
people school.
Yeah. You can ski you can
you can hike, you can kind mountains. Uh
You're the
desert
and the desert.
No,
it's
not it's not associated with L. A. It's not
it's not associated with yeah, it's there. It's there then. You know, you got all the theme for it just like Orlando. Yeah.
Let's talk.
No,
they didn't. They didn't. He's thinking about it. He hasn't. Yes.
No, he hasn't done it yet. He's he's thinking about it, man. Because, you know, I don't know, it's a debate going on. People think it's a conspiracy or I don't know. I don't know man, people don't like
their freedom restricted.
I
believe. Honestly believe that. I believe a lot of people were concerned. I think a lot of people were in the house regardless. I think as soon as you tell the person you can't leave,
I think now it becomes a problem.
Your beaches are crowded
in
your
probably I think so you all have better beaches, we have better weather. You have you'll have better beaches. Your beaches are crowded. They are probably they probably are lower because see like in Malibu, the city of Malibu has like I think it's 27 miles short of beaches.
Yes. Yes, you're right because we don't we don't have that in southern California. They passed ordinances against that when they saw what happened in florida. They were like no before.
Yeah condos and things like, yeah. Right. You're right. Yeah. They don't, yeah, they don't they
don't they don't go for that here. They they may stay ensured that they didn't have that. They didn't want it like florida.
Please.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They, yeah, they, yeah, they don't go for that. They
they passed ordinances a long time ago. I think santa Monica was one of the first ones. They said uh you know, you couldn't obstruct the view and think that yeah, they made sure of that. Yeah, they
don't
here, they have private beaches, they have part beaches, they have no beaches, all that they have, they have uh issue going on and um I think it got resolved in Malibu where uh some of the, I don't know if it was
billionaires roll away, but if some of the
people,
yeah, you have a billionaire's row Malibu.
but they were obstructing people from going like the walkways to get to the beach beach access, they would claim it and they were like, this is public land, this is not just you know belongs to the city. And they were going through that because they were trying to stop people from walking, you know going to the beach, you know I mean? But yeah because Malibu's really uh nice and laid back, it's only like 13,000 people in the city, but it's kind of like west Coast Hamptons, it's kind of what it's like. People have, you know people live in new york and have a, you know a place in new york and they don't have a spot in the Hamptons the same thing. People live in L. A. They have a place in Malibu. Yeah because it's
you know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes, most definitely. Yes, it's uh
it's super expensive.
you too take