Boom. Yeah. Taro of plants. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Mhm.
Hello?
Sorry
I was looking at my phone.
Oh thank you so much. I'm Carly how? Hello?
Nice to meet you Alexa.
Oh wonderful. I'm in California right now. Uh
and I am 29 so we have a decade between us but
sometimes I wish maybe just like a little less but you know it's okay,
it's fine. It's worth it at in the end the end point once you once you actually get through it all then it's okay.
Yeah. That's a very accurate yes. It's exactly like high school. I um actually I had attempted to do a speech for my graduation and they
didn't
yeah they but they didn't let me do it because I had likened high school to a bowel movement and I said that you know a little stressful in the interim, but at the end of it you feel very relieved.
So yeah you're like I have done it. Excellent.
You know what? The principal actually came to me afterwards in
private
and he was like I just want you to know that I loved your speech and I thought it was really
brilliant. I was like oh thank you.
just a little bit. That's okay.
thank you.
Mhm. No I'm here for work actually. I'm I'm from michigan. Uh huh.
Yes and I'm I'm like right outside of Palm Springs so the temperature differences, it's literal desert here. It's wild and I haven't seen rain so long. I miss it terribly. Were the things that you miss that you don't expect to miss. Well what what about you? How long have you been in Hawaii?
I was I was just about to ask um us now here's the important question about New Jersey. Northern or southern New Jersey.
okay. All right
well I'm not I'm not like heavily invested but um so um my husband's the one who does the work and I travel with him, so kind of a similar feeling
of of being towed along and just kind of going with the flow because that's just what you do. Um But we had been in um Northern Jersey, like right right across from um New york city hated it, actually hated it. That stereotype about the smell is real
and
depressing. Um But then uh after maybe like I think we were there for two months, then we went to Southern Jersey and it was just fabulous. It was really nice and I'm like this is like a completely
different state,
like it's so it's so pretty and just I understood suddenly like why they call it the garden state because like that particular area we were in there was it was just gorgeous. There's trees and flowers and everything everywhere. It was wonderful. Uh huh.
All members,
I
think Hawaii is a little more strict, but it is similar honestly, so and that's unfortunate because then you don't really get to experience that place properly,
so.
I'm with you. I as like as batty as isolation is making me at the same time, I'm like, you know what, it's okay, I can I can suffer a little bit uh and I'll get over it, I'll I live and other people will live and that's the important thing. It's been um kind of interesting like michigan actually um the governor Whitmer when she first did the stay at home order and was like, you have to wear masks when you go out. There were people literally protesting at the state capitol building with With AR. 15. So I'm like what is wrong with this woman is trying to protect you?
Like it just blows my mind. I don't know some
people
are, some
people
I know
and these are
probably the same people that turn around then and are like what do you mean you're protesting for George Floyd, that's you just stay home like.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. I know. I one of my best friends is in florida and she still like has to go to work and nobody is like there's no mask requirements. So you have people running around with that mask all the time. Like nobody's respecting physical distancing and like I feel so terrible for her especially because she um has chronic fatigue. So so like if she got sick she would be miserable if not hospitalized like
So.
it is. I agree.
Sam
I agree.
It's actually something I've been thinking about a lot lately, I've been trying to figure that out.
Sorry
I didn't mean to go in that direction.
You're
in a bubble.
Yeah. Yeah.
No.
gosh.
Uh Well I don't go anywhere,
I'm like going to the grocery store is like equal parts exciting and terrifying. I'm like yeah I get to go somewhere but also like please stay away from me. So
that's pretty far few and far between my sleep schedule has gotten very weird, very strange. Um But I I guess it's okay. I've I recall my dreams more now so
that's cool. That's kind of Nate.
No no no.
And
that's awful.
my brain doesn't make up anything particularly interesting dream wise but three times now. And of course the past two weeks I have woken up out of a dead sleep and my heart is racing, just full blown racing. And I'm inclined to think that it's um like, nocturnal panic attacks because I have a history of panic attacks, but uh I've never had them just wake me up before, It's
pretty wild.
Me
neither.
No, me neither. Not until I was like, why is this happening? And then they're like, oh, yeah, not real panic attacks, It's like, oh, oh, cool, cool, cool, cool. Like, I'm literally unconscious in my body is making this happen to me. Awesome,
I'm
sorry about your nightmares. That sucks.
I wish.
Yeah, once you wake up and you're like, everything is is okay, everything is fine. That's why I've started incorporating
yoga before bed, actually,
and, like, an attempt to, like, offset, they're like, because there's
obviously some kind of, yeah, like, anxiety stress that's happening underneath the surface, It may not be like um something that I'm conscious of, but, you know, so I'm trying to offset and I can't say if it's really working quite yet. I don't know. My shoulders feel
better after sitting at the computer
all day, so, so
there's that at least. But yeah, that I'm a writer, so that's most of my time. That's what I'm usually doing is
writing.
it's
I
am am birthing. I am birthing it.
have a
blog that I'm not really working on right now just because I can't bring myself to do it. But um I'm writing a novel as well, so
uh it's uh Carly Cat dot com. So it's spelled um C A R L Y K A X T dot com.
The
X.
The
and my
cat
traces the X. Is silent unlike me. So
thank
you.
saying it out loud is like Loki, embarrassing.
thank
you.
well let's say because um yeah it's about like mental health is like one of the primary focuses of it because I have like a long history of like mental health disorders and things like that and uh that's kind of the 10 year journey the past 10 years I would best like I would just say is like that was me getting my my brain in order and
getting
to a point where like I other than the nocturnal panic attacks, I'm much better now.
Thank
you.
Absolutely,
you don't have time.
And
yeah it's very unfortunate.
Well
my blog is a great place to start.
No not well you know what's funny is there's definitely like a mental health theme inside of it. Um This isn't really a spoiler that's literally like the opening of the novel is um the main character's girlfriend has um they believe either committed suicide or been murdered um so there's a discussion throughout the novel, like thinking about like that character um how her mental health manifested, so there's definitely themes like that's a different theme, but it's not the primary focus, it's
um I don't know if you watch anime at all, but
uh there's
called sa chi where you are, you know basically whisked away into another universe, like Digimon style is what I always tell people um that's what it actually is.
no no it's stressful, I agree with that, I I do I appreciate like fantasy elements of like of horror much more than I do, like the real, like someone was murdered outside this building, like I don't want to hear about that,
that just
makes me sad,
I relate to that immensely. My mother is the same way and she has not changed at all. Every time I visit her it's like eat on today, we're gonna watch this lady, How did she get murdered? And I'm like I don't want to see this, I'm good, I'm
good without this.
I wonder, I wonder sometimes like like what what's the motivation for them watching that kind of thing? And like my mother, my theory with her is that she thinks that by watching that if she's put in that situation she'll be more prepared or something. I don't know, it's kind of I think it's like a different kind of coping mechanism that I cannot relate to. Mm
So
yeah, some sense of like control, maybe I think control
is like a huge motivating factor for a lot of our behaviors. Especially like in terms of like mental health, I may be biased because that's how I feel because I'm a control freak.
Yeah. I just I think that so for me, um one of my big diagnosis is was I say was because I'm technically not diagnosable anymore, but borderline personality disorder. And I think that um that that colours my view of the world and that's why I think control is such a big thing and I think it's important for a lot of people, but especially like uh if you're a younger person and you don't have that sense of control, I feel like I've spent the past like most of my adulthood trying to reclaim that control. And I think that that's true for like the more like marginalized you are I think is probably the more severely you crave control because there's just so many things so many an enormous things like things that threaten your life safety that make you want that control back. I mean it goes back to like the Black Lives Matter movement. I think that that like the the thing about protest is you know you want change and everything like that but also part of it is a feeling of control. You're doing something even if nothing comes of it, you're still doing something that makes you feel like you have a little bit more control over your destiny. So yeah I think I think controls a huge motivating factor for people.
It's like I was just
watching a watchman and
at one have you seen that? It's
incredible
the tv show on HBO. Yeah
yeah it's so good. So good and the senator at one point says it's a hard time to be a white man in America right now and I was like that's probably what they actually think I'm upset, It's just riled up about it. But they did they did such an incredible job with that and and it's crazy for me to think about that. That was that was 2019. It's like they peered into
the future, They really tapped into this subconscious like movement that was happening that just came to a head in 2020. So. Yeah.
it's supported
in every way. Like The system 100% upholds it which is just mortifying, mortified and it's it's like people saying like oh Blue Lives Matter you can choose not to be a cop, you cannot choose not to be black. That those things are not comparable. Those are not the same thing.
People trusted
me.
it goes back to kind of like the mastering thing like where is this disconnect what is happening that when people are presented with logic and facts and just like what should be unrefuted evidence that there's just this cognitive dissonance where they see it and they go, well lucky for me, I don't know how to read like what is happening.
It's
I just don't understand. That's like that's been a huge thing I've been thinking about lately because I'm trying my uh my mother, I love my mother dearly, intensely too much, maybe very pretty, I'm very protective of her. But uh she as she gets older she becomes more conservative and I'm just I'm trying to understand what is happening and how I can get through to her and it might be like a completely like fruitless thing that I'm attempting to do, but she's just like a single person representation of the greater amount of people that I wish that I could get through to.
The
yeah. Even when my mother was still more liberal, she was like, I told her as bisexual and she was like, that's a phase, You'll
grow
up
it.
Hello? Hello,
we're out here. We exist.
absolutely.
because I've never like actually dated a woman, like I've had like some kind of relationship or another with women, but like never like a proper like facebook official relationship and that you can be basically like straight passing. Yeah.
So yeah,
I get
that.
It
colors
your experience.
Right. Like we shouldn't be fighting each other.
That's not productive. It's
But no, I know exactly what you mean. It's like I think of like glee for example, there's like this I just recently rewatched it because I don't know, I hate myself I guess. Um It's really bad, it's like quite
bad.
I don't honestly you're not missing much, just don't, but there's like one point where like this character who is a lesbian is talking about her ex who's by and she's like she's starting a new relationship with another woman who's a lesbian played by Demi Lovato who does a great job. That part's actually kind of worth watching left Demi Lovato but she's like yeah, with this girl, I don't have to worry about her straying for penis and it's like
it doesn't,
no
they could
still
yeah that's it has nothing to do with like the genitalia that
someone has, but that was just like a little moment where I was like oh
oh that's a little bi phobic, I don't like that, that's not so good. That's not so good there. Yeah.
Like oh right.
This this is cringe. I don't like this.
ahead.
Oh girl, I feel that.
Oh yeah. Yeah. It really is, it's mortifying. I've I've more or less trained my husband at this point where he's, he can recognize it like instantly clock. It was just really good when it comes to white men. Uh He, he is a fucking special dude. I don't know. I got very, very, very lucky with him.
Thank you. I think part of it as I got to him when he was still young so I was
able to like really educated like which is depressing because like, you know, it shouldn't be like the
job of women to like rehabilitate men or whatever. I have, I have a ton of feelings about that, but like it was never a chore with him. It would be like, oh this thing and he'd be like, that makes sense, cool like
that be like the whole discussion.
Yeah, it's
really fabulous. It's possible. Just wanted to say that it's possible, but watching my other friends like I feel bad for them because
yeah, just a lot of men fucking suck. Oh
my God,
most
men are terrible, wow, what a drag. Like. I appreciate it more and more of the older I get um that I just looked out really hard. I wanted to go back though to what you what you were saying about internalized misogyny though. And I like uh with your parents, like upholding those gender norms and everything like that and it's crazy the more aware you become of it. But I think that like that's the everyone always says that that's like the first step and it's very true if cliche is just becoming aware of something. Um So I think it's possible to open their, their awareness to it. But yeah, as
you already know like trying to de program that like it takes uh not only effort but um the desire to so so if they don't want to then you're kind of fucked unfortunately. But it's possible.
It's
possible.
Isn't that crazy?
It
happens.
It's okay if you said it to me, I probably hold on. I'm just gonna look really
good
Drax
Drax. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes. Okay.
Thanks.
Good for
him.
What?
I can understand that a little bit just because I think that there's like a really old school like stigma attached to it. You know, they probably remember like the bra burning feminist and
like the the
women.
fucking kidding.
They
do not remember the robbery.
Never mind. Sometimes I forget that other people's parents are not as old as mine. That makes me distraught.
That's okay. That's not that's not a bad thing.
What?
I wonder sometimes like a recent thing I've been thinking about is um I read that admitting that you're wrong about something which is like so against what our brains are programmed to do,
we want so desperately to be right. It's like almost a evolution like survival thing. Um It's supposed to be physically painful for us to do that. So I almost wonder like if you have believed that the sky is blue your entire life if you believe that And 40, you know, 30 years later, I should say 30 years later, someone like no, but really it's not like is it more painful for you because you've spent so much time believing that? I don't know.
That's
thanks.
I think so too.
So.
boy.
What? Oh
huge.
No, I think it's the opposite, I think it's really good. Um You can't grow if you can't change and you can't change if you can't admit that you're wrong. Previously, accountability, I think is like a really important and powerful character trait. Like if you can hold yourself accountable for things that's huge, I can't I'm full blown baffled. I'm not ever hearing sorry for your parents. That blows my mind.
Sorry, is a huge word for me, I can forgive almost anything in the entire world if someone apologizes so.
Good, That's good.
I do that to my ma, too good for you.
that's fair. I think uh maybe there's a difficulty in reconciling that racism and sexism isn't always intentional. Uh Maybe there's a challenge there where it's like in your in your head you have your picture of yourself and I myself would say that I'm not sexist, I'm not racist, but I think a big moment for me was when I kind of accepted that despite not intentionally being these things, I still had behaviors that were racist and sexist. And I think that separating like it's kind of like that that's saying um what does it forgive, forgive this sinner or not the center or something like that? I can't remember. But basically the idea of separating behavior from the person and I think giving someone like a little bit of grace and being like, I know that you don't mean to do this, but that behavior, that belief is wrong and you need to let it go. If you really, if you think in your heart that you're not a racist person, then you need to accept that you unintentionally did this thing and uh, it's okay. You can just, you can learn from it. You can grow so
that it's really, really hard. Um I am, I'm a cry really easily
site.
Oh yes. Oh yes.
Big time. Yeah.
I feel you big
and it sucks so bad.
You're
like having having a debate with someone, you start crying. They're like, oh, why are you upset little baby? They don't really like necessarily go that hard, but like they're like, why are you crying? And I'm like, they're like, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings or whatever. And it's like my feelings aren't hurt, I'm mad at you. This
is, I don't know, this is, my body betrays me and I cry. So
uh if it's any consolation as I get older, it becomes much easier to control. So hopefully
it will be the same
for you. I can, I can I have learned to to kind of take a second, take a breath to step back and usually that's enough to kind of be like, okay, I'm going to keep going separating like logic from emotions is
very, I would almost argue impossible. Honestly, as much as we think we're being logical about things, this has been a huge thing in quarantine that I've been thinking about actually. Um because religion has been like a huge thing that I've been thinking about and as logical as we love to assume that we're being about things. I think that we just use logic to justify our emotions. Yeah.
That's it. And I accepting that has been kind of big for me, that's been like a big personal moment where I'm like I thought I was so logical, I was not
Yeah, exactly. Their their intrinsic intrinsically linked like in order for you to care about other people, you have to have empathy in order to have empathy, you have to be emotional. So yeah, it's kind of a it's tough, it's a it's a tough thing to kind of try and unravel from one another, so
Yeah.
All
I agree,
especially after being socially starved. Uh huh.
So uh maybe a year or two ago somebody alerted me to the in between definition and and divert, which is what I really like. Um because I think that the important distinction between extroverted introvert is where do you recharge your batteries? A truly extroverted person feels refreshed by socializing and an introverted person feels refreshed by going with him. And for me, it's a little bit of both. It depends I'm with you. I'm not like, especially the older I get, like, I'm not a huge, like, big party person. Um, every once in a while I like a good party. Like Halloween, I used to throw like an annual Halloween party was like a big deal for me.
Uh it was a good time. Uh and I'm already
morning Halloween
this year, saturday.
Oh yeah, yeah, well not the costume was always last minute every time, but like, but we're talking, it's a saturday, daylight savings, a blue moon, like it had all the makings of just magic. I was so stoked.
Um yeah, and that's what it is, unfortunately. Um I got very sidetracked by that, sorry. But,
but yeah, I think of like my good friend Chaz, like he's definitely an extrovert. He's recharged by being with people. He loves socializing it for him, that's what kind of gives him his energy. Um whereas on the flipside, I think of my friend jess in florida and she is very much I go within recharge person and I think that I lie somewhere in between.
Um I there are times when like, I like, this is very refreshing for me, It is super nicest, makes me feel like I'm alive, this
is good.
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely, like a nice cup of tea. Um
but
there,
I am quite thrilled that we're like on the same page about a lot of things. Absolutely.
Um but there are other times, they're like, you know, I meditate every day and
um that's that's really, really super huge for me, that I get a lot of, a lot of my vitality out of that. I think I feel like uneven if I don't meditate so uh
so
yeah, I think that you can be both. I think that if I had to pick a side, I think I'm honestly more introverted
then
that's good.
We
like to just hang out in the middle. It depends on the day. So you understand,
you understand
completely.
That's great.
psychic
vampire get out of here.
What
is
great? Is that? No,
no site. Okay,
psychic vampires like a whole phenomenon what we do in the shadows now. I want to,
they're
so tough.
I am.
that too.
I think
so.
I
think
so.
okay,
well
all
I
what's
that?
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah, that's like a, like a real friend of, one of my best friends is a witch. So I've been learning a little bit more about like these interesting like super net because I told you I was researching religion. This is like my new thing that I'm on right now. So I've just been reading these books and books and books and just recently I found out about like the idea of psychic vampires. Like this is so interesting. So
what
we do
in the Shadows, I've got it. It's
on
tap
heart.
Excellent. How do you feel about like the Tv show versus the film
where
I
that's good.
That's a good sign.
But
but
still
that's unfortunate,
slightly better but not by much. It doesn't pass the Bechdel test
rip.
Doesn't that blow your mind? Yeah. When I found out about it and like really started applying it I was like oh my God I'm kind of mortified right now. It's
like a A study I read about how if there's a in the extras in the background of a movie, if there's a true 5050 representation of men and women, then people will perceive it as they're being more women than men. Whereas
most people Uh if if it's like 70% men and 30% women, I'm kind of fudging the percentage because I don't remember exactly. But it is some kind of like uneven number. Then they will think that it's a 5050
split.
Isn't that wild? Right? We've just been so like socialized to think that that's like the normal amounts. Absolutely wild to me,
bonkers.
That'd be so cool. Maybe
just
alas
price.
No.
No,
absolutely not.
I
think.
Yeah. Yeah. Just it's like BLM, the same thing where people think like, oh, you want to make black people the most pop No, we want to just stop having them be murdered. Maybe that'd be a great first step. Like maybe it that'd be great. Just a really
right off the bat
steps.
And
I
that Yeah. Yeah. And you think that these things are like the same somehow. They're not
not even close.
Yeah. It's very
it's
frustrating now. I feel that.
And
it's
just
other people are also going to have access to that power. You won't have it exclusively.
Right, This doesn't affect me, therefore I don't care about it. Let's
just dressing it is are you gonna do keep trying
contract
as
well?
believe it. It's a heated topic which is like very unfortunate that that makes it so difficult to talk about. Like the more important something is, the harder it is to talk about it, the more that you should talk about it, but the more you can't. So
I feel that because like when all the protests were going on, uh I had like really got myself ready. I was like, I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna go protest and I chickened out at the last minute because I'm too afraid of Covid
is what it came down to? I was like, if this wasn't happening during a pandemic, I think that I would be able to handle the possibility of getting like, pepper spray or mace. I think that I because I had even like, I had like, lemon juice and milk and shit with me, like in my backpack, I was like, ready to go. I was like, we're going to do this. Like, that part didn't frighten me nearly as much as potentially getting Covid. I just couldn't I couldn't cope with that idea. So that's unfortunate. And I, for a while I was beating myself up about it because I was like, I should have gone, I should have protested.
The the only thing that comforts me slightly on that one is that I had already been to um Black Lives Matters um like vigils and stuff like that, not full blown protests um before everything happened. So I was like, uh you know, I have a history of caring at least, yeah,
as long as you're doing something, if you're if you're
aware and I think sharing is, you know, that's important, that's an important thing to do. There are plenty of people who see and they just keep scrolling so I would I wouldn't beat yourself up about it.
No.
W
Also
No. Please. What did your friend say?
So when is the time span on this? like, is this like are
we talking about like?
it's kind of depressing to say, but I think yes. Um because the majority of the protests have kind of died out. Um It's just just kind of the nature of anything, nothing is permanent, right?
So
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So it was only a matter of time until we kind of went back to our normal lives or whatever. I think, okay, the core of it is that being able to ignore such a thing is privileged. Um I think that an awareness of that is really important. I don't think that people should stop living their lives, but I do think that, you know, seeing these protests going on and then being like, I'm at the beach, what's
that? Because I'm with you, I'm like, live your life. Absolutely get it Queen like stupid bikini
type. But for sure. But in that period of time it's just very like tone deaf. Your you're taking away you're distracting from your taking away voices and if you're going to do that, that's your choice. I think I don't necessarily agree with it. But I get that for some people, like they just, they literally cannot because the word I had my my bad mental health is where they were just days where I was like, I cannot engage with this right now. I have to get off line. But I think that like posting the picture and taking away from the conversation and distracting from it is not not someone I would necessarily support, it's their choice. I don't know if I would go full out and be like, you shouldn't be posting this right now, even though that's how I feel like that would when
everything
is happening.
Yeah. No, my,
when, when all that was happening, all of my content was being like related and uh,
other
than
that, I didn't, I didn't say anything else. Like that was all I want. All of anyone should have been talking about honestly, in my opinion. So yeah,
that's a, that's a choice that they can make if they so choose. But I'm
kind of with you, I'm a little harsh on it. I think that I think now, you know, it's been a couple months and there's not that many protests still going on. You know, Portland's one of the only places that really has anything like newsworthy occurring anymore. So um I understand people kind of going back to normal.
you have
to, you absolutely have to and you, it's like the whole like, you know, put on your oxygen mask before you put on anyone else's. like you you have to have, you have to be able to to
you have to
feel well enough in order to engage with other things. So it's it's a pretty understandable thing.
Oh yeah, let's hear it
and
you're fine,
thanks.
absolutely.
Right. It's not it's not fair to expect that of women. It's like a friend I made online recently um educating him about feminism. At one point, I was like, I'm not your feminist mommy, you
have google you
can it communicate the point really well. I think like anything else, it's a spectrum honestly. Um I think that taking care of yourself first should not be seen as selfish and I think a little bit of it is um just like semantics, like the words selfish and I wish that I could think of something better to express it because I don't because selfish has like a very negative
connotation towards it unfortunately, But I don't think that putting yourself first is necessary necessarily selfish. I think that that should be like the default state honestly, which is something I wish that uh I understood at your age, so you're way ahead of the curve on that one took me, I think I was like 26 or 27 when I really started to figure out that uh I needed
to put myself 1st. Yeah,
it took
me.
Fair.
This is not unfair, hate that.
These are almost like two separate things I feel like because like when you're talking within your circle of like good friends and you're like, hey girl, what's up? That's a that's more slang than anything else because there's some kind of because we know that we're not like being like a little girl, what's up like for us? It's it's that's all that's almost kind of like our guys like hey guys what's up? Hey girl what's going on? Like it's it's like how some people spell boy with an I
I
think
I I feel like boy with an eye is like not not the gender neutral term that we uh need but the one that we deserve or whatever. I
don't know because I I do wish that we had like a female version of guys. I agree with that because I use guys a lot and my sister's trans and she hates when people use guys as gender neutral. But I always and dude is another one. But I grew up with like the I'm a dude, he's a dude. She's a dude. We're all dudes. So to me dude is gender neutral. Uh So I
think it's two separate things though, because I think you have slang in one corner with your friends, and as long as you understand that you respect one another as women, then you call each other girl. It's cool. Um But with your family,
that's
a real fucking issue. I because I I've been noticing that myself, that I've become more aware of two is like, oh yeah, did you see that girl in that movie? And it's like, she's not a girl,
she's a woman, she's a woman. And I think that it's um a symptom of us taking women less seriously. Language language is almost always a symptom of something the way that we say things that that kid that I was like, I'm not your feminist mommy. When I when I first met him, he's come a long way. He's from Scotland, apparently.
I don't know, he's interesting. He's a fucking weirdo, honestly, but he's he's he's
very funny and he's uh he's all right. My friend really likes him. So we we play games with him. And uh when we first met him though, like he would like say the R. Word or even like once or twice, he said the N. Word. And I was like, no, dude, this is not okay. And he's like, they're just words and I'm like, they are a symptom of something deeper. They represent a much larger problem. And the very first thing that you can do is address the language. If you address language, then everything else starts to fall into place. So
I think
that's
It is it's huge. It's absolutely it's I'm probably biased because I'm a writer. But I do think that the words
used to describe things as it is very telling of the overall attitude of a society. So
I I spend a lot of time reflecting like pensively gazing out of windows he like
man, you have a lot of good ideas if you do that, if you give yourself time to like breathe and think about things. I think that's like the number one problem with our society. This is me sounding like an old fogey, which is hysterical because I literally my first memory is us getting a gateway pc and internet. So you know, so I have nothing against technology. I've had a computer in my entire life. Very lucky in that manner. But I do think that we spend so much time buried in screens that we forget sometimes how important is to just exist to just be so
my goodness, grain shoes baby.
Uh Oh I can tell
I
understand completely. I had a german shepherd, I was the same way.
What's with that? So rude, so rude. Always ask
what
the fuck you
don't know my dog, like she was so chill, like it was not a problem, but like you don't know anything about that dog, that dog could have so many like problems that just just people are rude.
Sam
Especially now,
yeah, yeah, I agree, I think that it uh and this is again like me sound like an old fogey, but I do genuinely think that it changes the way our brains work, especially
like us, a smartphone in particular, like you have everything almost instantaneously at your fingertips and there's no waiting for anything. So it's like I just yeah, sometimes it scares me a little bit. It is what it is. I I don't think there's any preventing it or stopping it
at a like on a personal level. Yeah, right? Um And like I think like going for walks, like that's so healthy. And before I lived in California, I was a daily walker, it was like my go to for my anxiety. Uh like what? I think I'm having a panic attack, time to go for a walk, what's up? So I think walking is huge. I think everyone should walk more. I have a lot of feelings about that. Um But yeah, it's like, okay, so I don't want to use my screen, what do I even do all of And like I have a few physical books that I read sometimes, but most of the time they're they're on my kindle. Um
So it's like, well there goes that um I don't know meditation that I think that's the other reason why meditation is so helpful to me because it's one of the only times where I forced myself to just sit and be and exist and breathe.
So I have a lot of feelings about meditation and I've been doing this for ages now at this point, just kidding three years. Uh
when
you do it
every
when
you
do
it
when
when you do it every day to especially that really that that makes it a lot more personal.
But um so with meditation, everyone always thinks that the goal is to not have thoughts and that's kind of true. Um if you meditate for a really long time, you will be able to eventually get to a point where like it's just completely silent, which is super cool, can't relate. Um even though I've been doing it for three years, what it really is is you become aware of your thoughts and you just let them go. That's the true core of meditation. So like I'll be sitting whatever and you don't usually even notice right away that you got distracted because you pick a focal point. And for me it's usually my breath you can use sound um you use your heart bait, you can use all sorts of things. You do body scans whatever, but the breath is like the most common, so you'll be like I'm inhaling and exhaling great, awesome sweet following along, feeling it cool and then you get distracted, you don't usually notice right away but then eventually you become aware and you're like oh oh I was just thinking of this thing that I need to get from the grocery store, whatever I need, I need to call CVS you know and that moment that we call the ah ha moment, a lot of people and the reason why they stopped meditating is because they beat themselves up about it, they go oh no I got distracted. No that is inevitable. That is a survival technique, our brains are wired to do that, you cannot stop it, it's not possible to stop it unless you practice for fucking decades so you just need to accept it and be glad that you went oh fuck I got distracted, okay cool while I'm back awesome and then you just go back to
it
and
you just do that over
and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over forever
and the longer that you do it the better you get at it because like when I first started meditating I would get distracted constantly. I have A. D. D. So you know that's even worse. So my brain would just be like constantly churning and I'd be like oh I got distracted back to the breath literally like five seconds have passed, oh I got distracted, go back to the breath and now I'm at the point where um it's not as frequent and that's what you see is the longer you do it, the longer you can maintain your attention on your breath, it's it's a balancing game between attention and awareness. That's that's what it comes down to, your attention is supposed to be on your focal point, your breath and your awareness is you know, everything else that's happening around you, you're like oh the air just kicked on or oh my cat is meowing or something like that. And uh when you get distracted you become aware of the fact that you became distracted and you go back to your attention.
You don't,
you
don't,
technically, it is, you do get like the zen masters who have been sitting at a fucking monastery for decades and they, they literally will be able to like four hours on end just, and to them, it's like no time has passed all absolutely
fascinating.
just like, they're like, oh, that was cool, like
it was two hours later, What's up? Like, hello, I didn't even notice. So that's cool. I can't relate, like I said, but
it does get easier
and it translates into your everyday life, which is probably the coolest thing about
it in my opinion. Um because I used to have like really bad anger problems I had really, because they did, he had a really hard time concentrating on things and um like with the anger problems in particular, that's probably where I see the most commonly so fucking cool because it will be like something happens and then all of a sudden everything is slow motion and I will be able to see I am angry, I want to throw this thing, I have the intention to throw this thing, I am choosing not to throw the thing, I'm going to take a breath
and this, this one second to me is like much slower and within one second I have this entire like thought process happen and I'm like I'm not going to do that, I'm going to walk away, I'm going to take a breath, I'm going to come back to this and I'm going to be less angry than so
hugely,
enormously
call it, we call it fruits, the fruits that
you get.
So yeah, it's very cool and yeah, it was a big part of me not having panic attacks anymore was how I worked through a lot of my anxiety. It's the most useful thing I've ever learned in my entire life. The thing that just like discourages people from it is that it's really fucking boring. You're like, this is so like I'm just sitting here for 10 minutes a day, this isn't doing anything, it's just stupid and you don't see, you don't see the effects immediately. It takes. Like usually for me it was about a month after a month or two of really consistent sitting. Then I finally saw it. So
me too. Me too hugely, hugely grateful.
You know, medication and stuff is still really important. So therapy therapy is huge. I've had a lot of therapy so, you know, I didn't like magically will my brain to be better. But it is just it is a tool um It's one of the tools in my tool kit and it's a very useful one. So
Sorry for going
on out of 10. You
just, you hit, you hit on something very important
to me.
Yeah. No, no,
I absolutely agree.
After you Absolutely you can it's just you do have to, it's like everything else. It's like it's like changing your belief system on something. You know, you have to want it, you have to want it so and if it's not like hugely beneficial to you, then the motivation might not
be there,
honestly. Uh huh.
I started
with five
in the Stephen
It's like
It's that's exactly how I would do it. I would build up and sometimes I have and flow like right now I'm only doing 15 minutes, like I've been up to 30 before I when I'm retreating, we would do like hours at a time, like it would be like an hour and then you take a break and then another hour just
that's
intense, five minutes so everybody can do five minutes easy.
Easy
Peasy.
Yeah, that's what
I
always used to tell myself.
So
you're fine.
That's a great question. Um So I don't it's funny because I don't really like need the money. I'm very like fortunate in that regard that my husband makes enough that I don't I don't have to work right now, which is great. I used to be the breadwinner for a couple of years now. It's his
turn. That's
what I say.
So so now, so now he's the big brother, would a guy good for him and I'm like taking classes online and stuff like that. And my friend told me about this. Uh yeah. Uh my friend told me about this and and I'm like, yeah why not? Like It's too big things for me, like one rather than me scrolling facebook or something completely useless. Um I can just like I have like a little extension actually on my
browser,
So helpful,
And
it's like, oh new studies available, I'm like, oh cool, so I'll go over there and
do a study, whatever. Exactly. And it and it's just a, I don't know, it seems like such a much more productive use of my time than the other things I would do. And honestly the second reason is because it's really interesting. That's
what
kept me going
honestly because at first I was like, oh whatever, I'll, you know, I'll make like 20 bucks, who cares? And cool, extra money more productive than Facebook or Instagram or whatever. But yeah, then I kept going because I was like, this is really interesting, like I love seeing the stuff that they study. So
I don't
I don't see why not. It's so like low effort and like,
like
it's like, yeah you get a you get a dollar for five minutes of your time, like hell yeah, why not menu like see all these like weird things. Like I just finished a study that was was 14 days long
and
I
know right? It was really, it was really interesting, was the study of marriage and families during the pandemic. And um I had to like upload pictures of me and my husband and then record a video of us having a conversation. And then uh for 12 days I did like a diary where I would be like, this is how my day went, this is how I feel about my partner or whatever. And then we had like a little application that would come, it was very interesting. It would like flash pictures of like you or your spouse and then you had to pick if it was good or bad. And then it would be, I should say it was interesting place with like, words like outstanding repulsive and you'd have to like, really quickly be like, good, bad, good, bad. It was wild. Was really interesting.
I liked
it a lot. Yeah, it was a prolific, so
no,
I
lost your video. I think I can sleep. Oh no, Alexa.
I can hear you slightly like a robot.
I can hear you. You're good though.
I don't know.
It just
no, there isn't. Uh I lose your audio too. Hello?
Wait, your bag. Welcome back.
I was like, I'm not ready. I'm not ready. I do have a thing at 2:30. But um what time zone are you in Hawaii?
What
time
is it?
And
you're back
in
bed?
It's a 2 - 18.
It's
it's a call, so it's like, you know, so I'm so good for a little bit.
I don't have to go anywhere.
I don't care. You know, I'm like, very open book. Hang on. You remember blessing? I obviously I posted about my life on the internet. Oh yeah, the last thing I wrote was in april um about my exhaustion with Covid. Yeah,
I'm
I'm tired.
And yeah, nothing has really changed since then, so I haven't posted because I used to post every week, I suppose every monday. But I don't know. Yeah, Covid hit. And I just got to the point where I was just like I have nothing new or valuable to say I'm not going to force myself to keep
writing
just for the second writing. Yeah. I fucking hate when people do that.
I really
do. I get it. I understand it because there was a point in my life where I tried to be on Youtube. But yeah.
Yeah, I wanted to do that. Um So I I understand how that goes but I just can't bring myself to do that. I can't, it's inauthentic in authenticity is probably one of the top three most important things to me.
So
come on.
It's depressing. It's real sad.
And
if
Uh huh. Um um I think for some people it does. I think so. Um I'm in the very strange position where um pretty much every single one of my good friends I've known since high school. Um
I've only picked up I think two since high school and that's part of the reason why is because um most of the people that I meet I just I'm just like you're not being real, you're not being honest with me or with yourself and I find that very depressing. Um I think I think I'm getting to a point now. I think like early 20s people are, I don't know how to put it. I think they just genuinely don't know who they are. I really It's unfortunate. Um but I mean that's kind of the human experience because like I think back to myself as like an early 20 year old and uh I thought I had a strong sense of self but I really fucking didn't. Um Yeah it's okay, it's you know uh there I definitely had like the beginning of things, but I think um learning about like boundaries um That was a big moment in me being true to myself, was accepting the need for boundaries uh stuff like that and like the the like we were talking about like putting yourself before other people, I spent so much time making myself smaller for other people and more accommodating. So I lost you again. I can hear you. Oh there you are.
Oh yeah, that's a good point. I didn't think of that. Oh I hope not.
Yeah. Absolutely. Actually, um on my blog I have my facebook twitter instagram and youtube all
there.
Yeah. What's even on there?
no, it's ok,
it doesn't bother me
what
I used to be. Um Not so much. You know what's funny is my my cuticles are like my new thing that I try to destroy now. So like this poor thing, I don't know if you can really see like I just like rip up the skin. I've gotten better about it though. Why do you ask?
I used
to be, so it's possible to get over it. Um You know what? Actually, I have this little guy
like
nearby,
I have it, I have it all the time, and for some reason, using this thing helps me, it helps me be more productive about my nails and not destroy them as much. So, I don't know, in the case of nail biting specifically because since my cuticles on my new thing, I just tried to rip apart one of my cuticles.
Maybe having a, I don't know why I do it. It's a bad habit. Um Maybe having a file nearby would help.
I wonder.
No,
that's so sad.
No, don't do that.
I, I didn't, not the exact same thing. But um when I was younger I used to cut myself and things like that. So I understand kind of like the mentality. Uh it's a, like you said
the punishment
where it's, yeah, like you did this thing that I'm embarrassed by or whatever. So I'm, I'm going to, yeah, deprive myself or something like that. Ah that's so rough.
I wish.
I,
I
don't
know. Yeah. I think it's, it depends on the person um here At one point or another. I think the core of it is that we uh huh believed we were not necessarily taught, but something happened to make us believe that we didn't deserve to be happy. And sometimes, and sometimes it's harder than others. Sometimes you're like, that's, that's silly. I'm going to watch Youtube and I'm gonna laugh at a video and I'm gonna feel better. But sometimes sometimes it's extremely hard to pull yourself out of that. It's really difficult because I did used to when I'm thinking about it now because depression is kind of in my rear view. But when my depression was really bad, I would literally just lay in bed, just delay, we just exist and just feel shitty and wallow because I thought that that's what I deserve to do and that I didn't deserve to feel good and yeah, yeah,
that's
where the therapy
came in. It's
not true.
You know what
something that that might help you, that helps me in those situations is imagining that I'm talking to a friend. Like
if, if they, if they came to you and they were like, I don't deserve to feel good, I'm just going to sit here and I'm gonna feel like shit, what would you tell them?
Keep doing it
every
time
you
you just have to talk to yourself like you're a friend, and if you can't do it, then that's when you do reach out to your friend and be like, I'm doing this thing because uh your friend, they're your friends for a reason, they want you to feel better,
they want you to be happy, they do care and they you would do the same thing for them.
So
so if you can't do it for yourself, then have them do it for you.
that's rough.
well if you can't love yourself,
how the
hell
you
know you
love somebody else? I completely disagree with that, actually, 100%
intensely, because I did not love myself until well after I was married, I
got
married
when I
was
you still deserve love even if you can't see it.
So Because I got married at 21 and my husband was like madly in love with me and I was like you're a sucker
but whatever
Uh right, because I was like, I love you, so I guess sure, let's do this. And yeah, it wasn't until years later that I finally started loving myself. So I actually very vehemently disagree with that statement. So, great show though. Mm Oh no,
you're a robot again. I can hear very vague robot noises. Can you hear me? Uh Oh no, you might be full blown gone. Right, they're back.
Excellent.
I kind of guessed it uh fortunately is a it's pretty similar. Uh huh Yes, I have you. Excellent. Is it okay if I follow you back? I followed you back, I hope it's okay.
This
went
for
it.
Uh huh unacceptable. Oh gosh. Okay. I have to go because my call
is
going to be
coming through.
Well yes. Good. Well have fun. It was very nice talking to you Alexa and I will, I will see you on the gram. Have a good one. Bye.
I know.
I
was
just trying to figure that out too. I'm reading the thing. Let's see your conversations complete that it please return to this browser tab. So I think I think it's safe. I think it's okay. Bye