Hello.
Hi
I look
it's completely fine. I love your glasses.
I'm Alexa nice to meet you.
I'm 19 and I'm in Hawaii.
nice
of life experience on your side.
What?
That's how I felt about high school. What?
your
high school graduation.
Very
they should have let you. That would have been great.
You
have?
where?
What? I'm choking on water
wow that would have been amazing I'm sure you're a great writer. Mhm.
So why are you and um Callie have you lived there your whole life?
mission
mm I want to say seven or 8 months. Um I move around a lot. Not me personally I'm still a child um I live with my parents so my dad's in the air Force so he gets stationed somewhere new every 23 years but this should be our last like destination and then he'll retire and we'll go to New Jersey because that's they have a house in New Jersey. So
Yeah and interestingly enough where the town that we live in, they like to classify themselves as central New Jersey. Yeah
finally lived there for my last two years of high school so I couldn't even get in on that debate with you
Situation.
I
believe you
sign.
No.
that's how I feel about I don't know hawaii it's gorgeous here. Every
I mean I can't, the lockdown rules are really oh I was gonna say they're really um strict here probably for you too I would imagine
so.
No but
I'd rather not get sick or any of my family members you know? Yeah.
Protect your lives. Yeah.
me
too.
It's
a whole like a whole side of the U. S. I feel like I was already aware that we have that kind of negativity in our nation and people are like they're like wow people are actually like this. Yeah. Yeah. They don't it's crazy to me that people are protesting over wearing a mask
when uh huh. It's like
clock.
Yeah they used the same argument it's just a whole circle of the logic and nonsense so
I can't handle it honestly I'm really happy I'm not in a state where that's an issue.
which would put her at further risk wow
that's really shitty.
I
just how can people not have basic respect for other people's lives? I don't understand.
I
well we can I mean we can't really avoid it because of how prominent it is. Yeah. Uh So what I'm like a positive side.
No
no I absolutely like I'm happy to hear that you feel the same way because it's sometimes I feel like
I'm in
yes,
like people are, I don't want to go near people.
Um So what's a day in the life for you? Like quarantine
wives?
Me.
Hi. Yeah.
No,
I've been since, ever since quarantine started, I've been having nightmares.
it's nothing I can't handle. But I'm just like, is this happening to other people? Because it's just nightmare night.
You know, I used to have the occasional nightmare now every night. It's like
your worst fears lives through them. I don't know what my brain is doing.
That's
wild. I didn't know that you could have them
while
sleeping.
it's kind of terrifying. And I'm sorry about that.
Well,
uh I just
wake up. Yeah.
No.
blue
anxiety,
What?
That's
the point?
it's a lot
of screen time for you, So is this a lot of, like, I don't really know how the writing process works. Is it prompted or is it just from
your head
pores?
very interesting. Right.
Mhm.
Well, what's your blog called?
so we'll
silent
X. I'm
gonna
write
this down,
I love that,
That's
group.
No, it's not that's kind of empowering. What? So
what the vibe
I get empowerment.
you
are.
I'm really happy to do that. Yeah,
I
was just talking, I was just telling my parents do today, we'll quarantine has given us a lot of time for self reflection, you know, I
I like being self aware, but I don't think I really did a lot of self reflection until I graduated from high school. Just because
Yes, exactly. And you don't, I never thought that there were reasons behind my actions or like
me being so anxious. Yeah, so quarantined. I really started thinking about, you know, maybe I have like a little form of anxiety, mental health is not talked about really in our society or education system,
so I have to educate myself, you know? That's something I wanted to start looking into. Yeah,
I just
I will, no, I will totally what it knew it. So what's your is your novel related?
That makes
I have
I have it.
interesting. No, I I don't know, I'm not familiar with that form of enemy. I used to watch a lot of, I've started noticing, I'm really into horror, horror, fantasy sci fi, but I don't like true crime. No, I don't want to hear about real things that I thought.
You
know,
and also I feel like my mom is really heavily into true crime, so it's kind of been with me since I was young. Like I grew up hearing and listening and watching all of that. It's just really sad. But also because most of the victims are women, so it's like, like can you not make me more paranoid than I already am? Stop it.
that's
this is very accurate. That's my mom. Whenever she gets to pick a movie, he's like, oh yeah, a woman being murdered, mom, can we broaden your horizons explore something like empowering? It's not. Oh
We have the opposite coping mechanism were like ignore, don't put that on our faces. Yeah. My family and I were talking about that because we were watching a crime show and they're all the women at the true crime convention. I mean all the people at the True crime convention were women and they asked, they said, but you guys are typically the victims of these crimes. Like why do you want to hear about this? And they're like, oh, it makes us feel like I feel better. Like they'd rather embrace the information than ignore
it, I guess.
I think,
we'll elaborate. No, I want to hear your theory.
That makes a complete sense. Especially in regards to social movements. I feel like that's why most social movements happened. Like, you know, feminism, like you just said blm like the queer movement, like yeah, we all just want control over our own lives that the white man automatically has. Uh
what?
Ooh,
With
Regina.
Yes.
predicted.
baffling to me, the white supremacy is legal innocence, nothing is done about it so
concerned.
it's
frustrating
because it's also like how are these people denying the fact that being black in America automatically put you at risk? Like your life at risk, That's not something you can deny just because you feel offended, but
that's very accurate
and I uh
yeah, it's frustrating to, especially when it's someone you're really close to and you feel like like I love you, so why don't you feel the same as me? My parents were hispanic, family, white Hispanics right here. Um so my parents are actually really progressive and liberal, which is kind of uncommon in our culture, but it's great, but at the same time I'm realizing as I get older that they're not as liberal as I want them to be. So like
they still say sexist things like to my little brother, you know, they still uphold gender norms. They're still like, they're still kind of like bisexuality, even real. Just a whole bunch of
me
as
well.
Hello.
It's so nice.
We're living our lives. I feel like I repressed my sexuality for a long time just because because we are also attracted to men, it's really easy to just be like,
I'm straight, you know?
But
you're
still
about to me that's like saying, Well, I guess you can't really do that with any of the other sexual orientations, but you're still 100% valid because it's all about the attraction, you know? Like,
would
you?
Yes. So it's really frustrating for me, like within the community, all the biphobia, there's a whole bunch of phobia within the community but it's like this doesn't make any sense to me how we can hate on one another.
No
it's not. No.
I've
never seen it.
It has nothing to do with orientation. It's
that's like even if
you were with another lesbian, right? Two lesbians, one
of
them can cheat.
No,
yikes.
Yeah. I see that in a lot of like old movies that I really I'm like well this is part of my childhood and then I re watch it and I'm like that's problematic,
problematic
and also just
the rampant sexism and now that I really fully understand sexism because I had a whole lot of internalized sexism during high school.
It's like it's everywhere.
I'm happy for you.
Move.
No.
Never,
never a fight.
Fantastic.
Oh. In their relationships?
yeah,
I've
avoid
Oh
It's
different
with my mom. It's sad because I realized that my mom is more sexist than my dad.
Yes, it's so frustrating and I the whole problem is that we both get riled up because I'm like mom, it's fine. I was sexist to I still say sexist things you just
have
to acknowledge and change. But she's like no I'm not. She gets very offended and like we all make mistakes, you just have to change your right, She's not changing and they don't, the whole other thing that really hurts me is that they're like feminism. You they like don't they don't understand even though I've explained it to them and then we'll go on about like celebrities that they're like. That my dad will go on about male celebrities that he likes. Like Dave bautista. I don't know if you know that is um He believes, have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy? Okay. He's I forgot all the characters names.
He's,
what is his character's name? He's the really um one that doesn't understand sarcasm. Drax Drax
drugs.
So this celebrity
is like a major feminist, right? And he's a hispanic man. Like pro queers pro you know everything. And
that's
like, oh, I love him.
I'm like, but you he's a feminist. He identifies as a feminist, but you have a problem with feminism. Death. They don't like the label I guess. Which
Well,
parents
are, you're 29. My mom is 30 seven.
She
started
No.
I have abnormal young parents, so
it's more frustrating
to me because I'm like, I should be able to connect with you guys because we do connect, but they won't go past a certain point of like liberal. They don't want to be too liberal basically.
One.
No, that makes
sense. That 100%
makes sense.
It's just,
well also my major is in social work. I don't,
I was about to say something. Um like after I graduated high school, I was like, hey, I really want to become self aware and I really want to just like grow as a person. So like for me, something that I really pride myself on is taking responsibility, you know, for all the hard things I believed in the past. Uh and, and apologizing because in my family, that's like a whole big thing. My, my parents have never said they're sorry to me.
that's fine, it's fine. But for me that's like, I don't want to when I grew up being a romantic relationship or in a platonic relationship and not know how to say I'm sorry because communication is so important
and I just feel like it's a sign of maturity. It's not, it's not bad to be able to admit that you're wrong.
well.
It's always the other. We get into really heated debates because I was like, uh huh I used to for like the first 16 years of my life, I used to be too scared to really engage with my parents just because they're kind of strict, that's just our culture. But I've always been able to communicate with them. But then I got to an age where I was like, I want to actually talk to them about things that are important to me, which we started doing, especially during quarantine and things get really heated and I straight up in like you're sexist, like what you just said with sexist that was racist
but
they can't, sometimes my dad can handle it but my mom can't like she is like and for me that's kind of a good thing because it shows that she doesn't like that she is second mr racist but she I don't know, maybe she just doesn't want to hear it from her kid, which
I need to get
Me
do you angry cry?
But
I
it's
the
worst.
Bomb
simply.
thanks
goodness.
difficult.
you hit the nail on the head, I think that's the phrase uh
I'm the same way I feel like my emotions and it's a little difficult because because for us who are so liberal it's like but what we believe emotionally, like what we support emotionally is typically moral, so shouldn't it therefore be logical? So it's a whole thing. Yeah.
100%. Yeah,
so during quarantine, like I said earlier was doing a lot of self reflection and I don't know about you but I like my entire life, I thought I was an extrovert just because the stereotype is kind of like oh if you're an introvert you only ever keep to yourself and you don't really have social interactions, you know like introverts can't cope
in public and then I was like hold on a second Alexa, you you really prefer only having close friends, like I like meeting new people like this is really fun for me. I like
to having conversations like this.
Yes. But also I don't really like going out in public like well what do you cost, what do you classify as?
Hello,
what
did
you have a Kaufman plan?
In this opportunity.
no, don't apologize.
Or make sense.
Little
perks up. Yeah.
Also
the conversation
is good, helps.
thing.
Island.
did you
say?
I won't make
you pick a side with bisexual.
We are, I'm
not going to make you do that.
I
do.
I do. Yeah.
I didn't realize until this year because I started hanging out with someone and then it was actually more, I realized it was a positive relationship because after I would be away from them, I would be relieved and I would be drained and I wouldn't want to talk to them like they would always reach out to me and be like hey let's hang hey let's talk. And
I was like
wait what we do in the Shadows?
You watch
that show?
No
when
that if you're
into
like well the supernatural
in comedy, okay
what we do in the Shadows it's a movie. Do you know um Take a white white teacher is minor. Um Have you seen or Ragnarok? It's okay
if you haven't.
He
was the
director.
He was the reason why that third store is the best store. Um
So he's
in that movie it's just hilarious. It's a movie and then they made it into a tv show and one of the vampires all of them
are like vampire vampires but then they're like oh this one's a psychic vampire,
you're like what's
that?
They drain
your energy.
And
it makes
him
so
funny.
It's on hulu
as well. Um
Well
I've seen
this, the movie three
good.
It's funny. Also
my dad loves it. I give my sense of humor from him. The tv show is really good too though. I mean, okay, the movie doesn't have any, yeah, it's not like sexist,
but
there's no women and I kind of
one, but also the TV show only has one.
it
doesn't, oh, I just learned about that how it's, it's crazy to me that so many things don't pass that.
And
What
equals
that's horrifying.
I
sometimes I just think that I wish I, sometimes I just wish we lived in a non sexist world.
No
patriarchy in what,
what frustrates me is people will be like, oh, you want women to be in charge of the world? I don't want
a matriarchy even though I
think they're cool. That would, there would just be problems for men. Okay, so we don't live in a world where that would ever realistically happen.
So
I don't care
about
your complaints sir. Mm.
fantastic.
Also
same with trans people. It's and I don't understand
how people cannot have compassion. Like where
it's to the point, I can't believe where the bar is so low where it's like we're asking you to have compassion for people being killed and you are being offended.
Now
it's
toke
instrument.
It's really sad that people are just so fixated
on, Oh, I'm going to lose what I have when that's not even true. You're not going to lose the power that you have. It's not
how
it works.
And it just shows that look like where some people like they don't care like oh I don't care that you have the same.
sad.
I don't even
talk to I don't even try to have like
political, I'm not out
at my university anymore, but I would I don't even try to have those conversations with people because they get really frustrated very easily. Mhm.
the less people just ignore like now, but also sometimes I feel guilty about like I feel like I don't care enough sometimes I don't know if you're on instagram but instagram is just like I follow a lot of like feminist pages and like flo uh pro Black Lives Matter pages and I'll share the information, but then I'm like, oh so you're not doing enough, you're not doing enough and it's a whole thing.
Me. Okay.
No.
It's kind of sad that we shame ourselves. No, that's that is completely valid choice of yours like uh
What?
no, I have a question because I was talking about this with one of my friends and we had different points of views on it and I was like maybe I'm just I mean I can be immune person but on instagram like you know how
okay all the like the movements and the information started being given out, right? And like a lot of the people that I follow wouldn't necessarily share that information, but they would post like and it's typically which is a whole other like they post bikini pictures. I have nothing against
bikini pictures. They're cute. But I kind of get upset because I'm like, do you like your completely ignoring what's happening in the world right now? Like I don't want to see your selfie of you at the beach. Why aren't you wearing a mask in these photos?
Yeah. So I don't know. But my friend said, yeah, you can speak
My friend said if No one Posted like, you know their daily stuff, then we would all just be too fixated on all the negativity, You know? And I was like, that's kind of valid I guess. And I can't, I shouldn't be shaming people. Yeah.
during
the protests, during the beginning of the protests now, see there might be a difference, Is there difference now? I don't know.
Special
and social media.
What?
Confidence.
Never
communicate
that to them. No.
What?
I love that
for
you.
hmm.
They,
Yeah. And as you just said, like I was because I was thinking it through I was like I don't always engage with that content. You know, I take breaks, I have that
privilege.
Put yourself
first.
I also have this entire theory about selfishness.
Okay, so, um I'm a selfish person. Okay. I love my friends and family so much. You know, loyal to them. I would protect them, right? But because I get called selfish by my parents. Uh huh. To me, it's like I don't see being selfish as a negative trait, right? And then people who say that they're not selfish, I'm not directing
this at you by the way. This is just a general statement
when people claim that they're not selfish. I'm like, are you really not though? Because we're all egocentric, like we're all literally
the centers of our own worlds and when we engage in relationships platonic romantic or sexual, you're gaining something from it. Like in a sense it's selfish because it's mutually beneficial. Like if you're not getting something out of a relationship you would not be in it. So for me it's like yeah I'm a selfish person, I put myself first, I don't feel bad about it and stop shaming people. Also there's the whole not selfishness but they like to talk about self care, they're like oh self care put yourself first. But if I do it too much then I'm selfish. So also for women it's like whole double standard, we're supposed
to take care of people, which I can do if I love you but that's not my default. Uh huh
I
was that.
remarkable.
no
I feel
bad
for younger Carly. But you grew you're the woman you are today. Side question I have a whole conundrum about the words girl and women, right? So
when I'm texting my best friend, I'm like girl, listen to this. But then I was like, do you feel like I'm belittling you? Because when we talk about guys, there's boys, guys and men, okay, they have like a neutral third term.
So I'm like, if I'm calling, It's just confusing for me because I'm like, do I refer to 18 year olds, 16 year olds as women or girls? Because I don't, I feel like it can be belittling them or be used as a negative way and whenever we're talking about like a movie, like, oh that character and I noticed that my family will talk about the woman as a girl and the man as a man, I'm like, she's not a girl, that's a woman. It's just the whole thing for me.
I
do
that sometime.
Thanks.
I
good to
hear.
not
And,
and
Language
is
still powerful.
no,
you just have more insight because you're a writer, honestly.
that was me. It's still me now. I was going to say on the bus during high school, but I have to take a bus to my university. Well, when it was in person. Yeah, I mean as well, I love looking out the window thoughtfully. Oh,
I've been thinking about that quite often during quarantine because I have a dog, he's really sleeping. Oh,
Um, he's a husky. So
a lot of people are like, oh, so hauspie, I shouldn't get offended, but I'm protective of him because I love
him.
Express. Did people try to just touch your dog without asking?
I
despise
that.
I just, I'm like, he has boundaries too, you know, respect him please. But okay. So I was, so I'll take them on walks, you know, throughout the day, in the neighborhood. I don't leave my neighborhood at all. Um, so that's the only time I really don't use technology because I'll, you know, I'll read a book. But everything I do involves the screen. Like if I want to do some dance fitness because I hate exercising. That's the
only way you could get me to exercises, like some dancing. I got to watch it on youtube. Uh, if I want to watch a movie or a tv show, which I do all the time through a screen. If I want to talk to people like my friends or my family through a screen email.
Yes. Especially now email. I'm obsessive checking, shopping, technology, school technology. There's no it's there's no alternative and I'm like I'm fine with it but I'm also concerned
you're probably
Skynet.
please.
Do you think when you meditate or is the whole point like?
that's a long time.
I've never done anything
for
three years. What
have
I
done
for
three years? Nothing
long.
and
then
passing
it on.
No.
That makes way more sense because I was like how do you just not have thoughts? It's
like that
can't
be possible.
Wild
love that.
Come on.
You're
get anymore.
Hello.
That's awesome.
That's really it's amazing that it's actually applicable
any
more in control. Essential
fruits
of the labor Nine.
I'm really happy that, you know, you discovered this and it led to you culmination.
I have probable.
Sounds like it.
No,
I will.
You're passionate
about it. That's good. It's cool to hear people's like opinions on things when they're not, you know, when they're not problematic. Yeah,
mama.
Yeah. That makes 1,000% sense. I probably couldn't I listen to podcasts like pretty often. So I wonder if my brain, like when I'm not really doing anything, I'll listen to a podcast. So I don't know if I could rewire my
Hi
Ray.
this is my brother. He likes to mess with me. Yeah. That's awesome. You know, if it's only 10 minutes that I probably could, but it doesn't seem like a
chunk
of that means
build up
build up
in
hand.
I
could do five
minutes. I have five minutes to spare every day right
at
the door.
So
I was gonna ask um why not? Like in a judgmental way? I'm always, I don't ever want to come across as judgmental people.
I was gonna ask. Why are you on prolific?
switching
roles,
switch it up.
Thank
you.
Who it
is
click
the
time.
Why?
of the studies are super interesting. I keep trying to recommend it to my friends, but none of them. Yeah, I'm like, okay,
your loss
Five
minutes?
Oh, isn't it?
Whoa,
whoa,
Like with that you would have with you and your partner. That's cool. So this was
on prolific,
that's awesome. I hope they
played
you
But yeah, yeah,
yeah, I can still see you and hear you.
Okay. I don't know why you can't see me. I still see me
interesting.
So there's no because
I can.
That's frightening. Uh huh.
I don't, I mean don't really know how to answer that question. I can tell you what time it is now. It's
not
helpful.
It's 11. What
time
is it
for
you?
I was using it to 30. I have something
else.
And
really enjoying this conversation. I looked up your blog. Um I haven't looked at because I don't know if you want me to do that in front of you.
That I'm tired. I saw that and
I was like label
very related
to create
content.
That's
the word.
Okay.
I
Okay. That's one of my like that's a quality that I look for in friends. So many fake people.
Excuse me out here in these streets
and I wonder is it
is it doesn't get,
does it change when people get older?
Uh huh.
It keeps doing this and I'm concerning, I'm concerned if it's like not meant to feel support long compass or something.
Do you have an instagram? Would you be comfortable with me following you?
you have your
own youtube?
You don't want to look back? Oh,
side question,
are you a nail
biter?
Well because I'm a male life. Oh
and
oh, I have
something
very similar for the Cuban,
Our,
for me it's
it's um yeah, don't put your hands Alexa, I have to put lotion on them. Like I've joined the Reddit nail biting community because I was like this needs to stop. Um Yeah, so I have to keep my stuff hydrated. I basically relapse. I was doing really well and then I get into like really rough spots and quarantine. Well do you ever just sit for hours and kind of like punish yourself? Not like it sounds weird, but I'll deprive myself. Like I'm like, you're not going to watch
tv like, so you're going to sit here and be anxious for no reason
one.
I'm trying.
like
punishment.
And why
do
we do this? Like what
is the
reason?
it's
not
true.
Which I will
not true.
You're good people.
would never Yeah. Uh huh
She says this often actually.
Well,
stop
it.
You stop this. Yeah, I know.
Care.
undoubtedly.
100%.
I thought you were gonna say, have you ever watched Rupaul's drag race? I love that show. But I can't find I'm on season eight, but I can't watch it anywhere because who
only has like the first six seasons. I thought you're going to say Rupaul's haggling. It's um
how in the hell
are you
going to
live
in a banana?
Ooh, interesting.
And
someone
else
loved
you. Okay.
Even if you don't think you do, Yeah,
I'll
go along for the ride.
Uh huh.
Okay. I follow you on instagram.
I'm sure you can see who's followed you. Right. I'm spicy. I walk out there. Spicy avocado. Maybe you know what I look at? That is
it's funny.
Yes. No, I don't
want
you to
follow me back even though I just volunteer.
I
have
another
video call for school, so. Perfect timing.
I do. I just close the tab.
I
was
like,
Hi.