okay. You don't? Yeah. Mhm.
Hey, how are you?
I'm good, Can you hear me?
Yeah. Hey my name is Manish, what is your
name?
Mhm, Francis, Francis. So how things are going real of you?
That's that's good. Set up working from home now. It was right. Yeah, me too. Working from home. Yeah. So I'm in Jacksonville florida. Which part to?
Oh California. Extreme from what? The doctor California? Right.
Yeah, totally. A project cost. Yeah, but that's not how about the weather there today? Yeah.
that's good. And then florida nowadays too much hot you know it's around 100 100 plus And and no rain. But fortunately after 15 days you trained today is outside raining Thunder town. But a trained after 15 days it was too hard literally. People,
people was avoiding totally at all to go outside because of the art weather. Mhm. Yeah.
But that's fine. That's cool. Like California. Whether I know it's good. I I just been there for visiting san Francisco and they did not live there but I know the weather is mine is good. My colleagues are movements up there.
Yeah, that's
good.
I still it is there that it's good like the humid like it's not that good really, I'm in the florida, we get lots of humans, a little rain in hot weather like that, that's good
And Jackson was around 2.5 a year almost. Yeah. Yeah it's cool. Yeah so I moved from new york for a project purpose so I work in the form of the project manager. So earlier I was working in the new york and then I moved to here. What about you? What kind
of
what?
Oh that's nice, that's interesting.
No that's pretty much interesting. Yeah I like so you you're really developing the video game but just for the pricing how relates to the market to what?
Mhm. You are the publisher and that not that development payment like Okay. But.
Yeah that's that's good. So like that's good. So we made a different like that we are in a staffing company so I'm working at the project manager so we have a development team, testing team and be all so all together we developed the like the product which is intimately being used by the company. So we are at that time so though I know that coding and testing all those are not actually doing his hands on on that but yes for discussing with them to get estimates to get the person everything I should know those things. So I know the long time back in my career I did those things but now I move to them.
In that.
So I I don't I don't bother about don't go and look into it. But you guys are doing that spine. Give me estimates. Give me the timelines when you're completing the kind
of
yeah, those kinds of But it's a good it's good. Funny right now everybody is working from home because Covid that's the big challenging but Australia managing through all the red bumps and everything.
Normally.
But
no,
Judah and Skype and the Microsoft team software communicating and all the documents and hotel. And I'll be used to Microsoft teams that will be used to have the same point. But not me if I got into the teens communicating internally and the calls and all. We used the Skype and essentially we introduced the german at the as well. So sometimes we are using that and also the Microsoft teams. Video quality is very good. So we used to, he likes to use that as well. That's two or three things. But yeah, that's good. And what kind of tools you who you guys are doing there?
no.
Trumpy.
Often.
Yeah.
Yeah. Project Yes. Let's go. We have like multiple of
tools across there. I okay.
Everybody they are doing, you know, the problem of working from home. Sometimes even even I do when I do mind get things with my colleagues used to come and say hi to everyone they know you very well. You know, I do, everyone used to say I like it's okay. That's good. No, that's that's good. So once and how about you?
What
is
yourself?
look,
I gave up the Lord. That's good. Take me on the, yeah. Yeah.
Father. But you'll get a good kid soon. Yeah.
You're
on a good yes.
interesting.
Yeah. So my I do have but they are all in my native company in India. So I just came here for work. Okay. Recently I can just fall in half here in the in the U. S. We'll finish the project and now let's go back. So I used to talk to them on the video chat and all and they used to talk to my son, they usually say okay what time when you guys are coming? I want to see you the moguls and we we had a plan this summer to go under the casing. But because of the covid all the flights got cancelled so we post our plan now I just school will start so now we'll plan in this summer
because or it's a good time. Maybe we can plan in the winter vacation for three or four weeks. But usually we plan every year to go to country to meet parents and everyone one thing here during the summer.
No.
So you know the capital, New Delhi. Yeah. So I'm not in the capital near to capital. There is a state called Qatar Perez U. P. So I'm, yeah, so like now is the capital of that state. So I'm in the latino city. Yeah.
So you, it's a pretty cause from the Agra Taj Miles, it's a a
firearm day from yeah. So that is yet I used to live but doesn't
it? Yeah.
Oh, sam. I know that. Uh huh.
from colorado, you know, you've been, you've been there any time in India.
When they go just very few weeks maybe you like it. Yeah I think these are good to see. Yeah but don't plan anything in the summer is too hard random to like like florida. So once a move from new york to florida I started feeling hot like India like I never felt that that was six months old and Even the summer was good 80 85 - 9900 500. You really like in India? Yeah.
Right. Yeah humid. Is there some time? Really? Yes. And I was in the Long Island. So Long Island was pretty human actually. Yeah because of the surrounding sea. It was humid day.
Uh huh. Yeah but it was good so so far my german us it's going well for enough here maybe I'll we stay your 1.5 or two most yet when I go. Yeah that's not.
you can't. Right, that's the problem. So there is no flight and nothing and we never we never thought about that will go that long. Once the covid started in for very much without everything will be
finish maybe in a few months they still can find something in june or july but still it's going on, it's not finishing at all.
And In Florida nowadays every
day more than 10,000 cases are coming.
It's really hard. Earlier the florida was getting very less cases but after reopening You have 10,012,000 And in my monte every day 500 and 700 cases it's very tough with a kid going out. So we were really scared sometimes when the new york case it's growing so fast uh and same I believe in the California also is growing right? How hard?
Good.
well.
What?
crucial
gathering.
No, definitely because once that thing's open people started feeling okay, everything is fine now we can go freely. But no it was not that kid still you have to build up safety measures and everything and people did not do that and that's the mistake. It's again it's going up because if you see the part of the world like the europe china, they all took a control on the covid almost. There are not more cases money it leave us the major example italy Germany France you know very well and now situation are under control but
in the US it was about to come under control but ignoring crop again Every day I see the news 50,000 60,000 cases. But they it's not good like how there should be something to stop the country something or some vaccines or vaccines or medications together. So if that scene and medication are not there, then people have to do something like otherwise they spread like that. Never ending. Yes.
what
about
definitely. It's been long. We are, we are checking the cases and all. But since then it's encouraging in florida now I started doing okay. I just keep watching What's count is coming in my country every day. But the concern why I'm watching, I'll tell you because of my son, they are planning to reopen the school in the fall Just a month now. The school is going to start at just 10. Well, the government, like the federal trump administration and everything, even the florida governor, everybody is pushing hard to open the school. My son is five year old. Do you think five year old kid will do safety major filmmakers tendency to frequent hand wash. I don't believe that he is going to do it and if any of the kids have the problem and go very quickly to other kids, whatever.
Why don't they wear their decks? They share the same twice, they share the same books, everyone reached the same, the same dexter they go, that used the same playground, same slide, everybody sliding. So it was very hard. So that's why we are very concerned how they can open their school forcefully without parents and without parents permission in our, but those things are really going on in florida right now half of the person is saying has to open its really good for education. I know it's good for education if kept going the school rather learning like we are discussing online, it's good. But the safety also important because you feel not well, how the hell do further? I can't take any risks on the health and that's a healthy no. Many of them suffering with its not simple flu. If they knew I would have sent him okay. If even if we get it, we'll get medication from 3-5 day. Well, it's not the flu. Yeah.
No.
Every day if you see researcher coming now, whatever people already recovered from the covid still, they are feeling some of the symptoms but different symptoms, not the covid symptoms. Their doctors about keeping high some normal but used to have before Covid. Some of the people are saying okay being tired so frequently. Now
if if we work for eight hour, we've never been tired before. Covid after getting Covid, we are getting tired. So even if Covid is gone so long term health effects, we know, don't know. Nobody knows as the reject will come as the time will pass. Everybody will see the long term effect. If we get any of the effects on a kid which is small. Who has a longer life than compared to us. He see me see some problems
during the raid, right? We should not take any. That's I don't know.
So yeah, finger cross hit the school about asking about the choices of the parents. So I selected the online choice actually quarter At least
part with the online for 2 3 months a situation. But I would like to send them but at least get the situation under cover, right? Yeah. I put that option. Let's see how the school decide. So we we keep checking that with the school with news. Uh,
like the Devil County. Let us and all everything. You keep checking. Problem. There is hard one group, no different people have different opinions. Maybe more. I'm more like the scared. But I don't know,
Yeah. I think, yeah, I think even if you lose two months or
three months of education,
he can cover letter of the, but the low each health it will be very tough to recover so quickly. Right? Yeah.
That's how things goes. But very, very scary,
correct.
That's the third thing. It's the right because we want to have this society safe communities safe. Right. It does not matter like 10 people are suffering and 90 years eight that 90 can also get affected. So I've been had and that is safe all and it will be safe. Right? Yes. The best thing they have to do. I don't know like sanity also coming that south of one of the acting thing. Mm hmm. Political leaders are taking these things in a different, different way. I'm somewhat taking I don't want pages some of thinking this. I don't want it against him. No, that's the problem.
Yes. Let let me finish. Yeah.
It's really excited. He would love to do things on the monitors and computers elect. So what we do in during somewhere and even in the last quarter you have someone absent some website where he go and he'll do his learning things. He really stories these kinds of online activity used to do because the problem is also not going outside much frequently than before because we cannot go playground there frequently. That is crowded or it was closed early and not the open. But there's still a little bit concerned out there because there is no cleaning at the playground. It's completely open anytime and even go out. It's a bit risky. So he's not going out much, he's not going to his friend's house are To help them frequently. We're going like once in 2-3 weeks earlier. We used to go every weeks so that you get time to play with their doctors with their uh son. So he's getting bored nowadays. No you can do more than the laptops and come through it. Okay. Uh
The same. We are doing we are going less doing more and left.
everything is our land. Yeah I know it's hard and my my company said probably they will not open before end of the year, maybe this year they will not open at all, whatever it will company.
Oh.
problem.
Oh that's good.
Then what? So
it
was
not changed for you? Oliver Queen? So so that's good. You you are have ritual of that twin working from home and everything like. Mhm.
from
correct.
That's
me.
that's
the
that's okay. Do you I know
during our what time we are doing this as well? Yeah. And
how how since how long you are using this prolific platform?
What?
No.
What?
that's good.
No
that's
fine. That do it completed what could also for 10 days, how long you are using this problem? They can stay prolific.
Okay,
that's good.
All
Bomb.
Good.
No, that's that's nice. No, that's good. You're using since the year. I just started in the covid when I started working from home, I thought let's try something. So one of my my friends I just said okay, if you're working from home you can try recording my opposite up stuff
to
do this. I cannot do in office when everybody sitting around and you can, since I'm working, started working for a moment, Covid, I thought, okay, let me start doing things. So I essentially started 33 months of frogs. So how do you like the platform get good morning or so far for meat? Okay. Kind of basketball.
what?
Oh, that's good. Okay. Yeah, but I just like, for me, it's three months. I'm getting it. Okay. I'm not getting much
charlie.
I'm not sure why, like
everybody don't get that
much study or it's really hard to get it something like get in the morning something when maybe they think that's it to max tour one someday. Nothing comes just like that. Oh.
What?
what?
I do not get that much. just get like sometimes like dollar like £1 or something. But it's hardly like hardly comes to me very very less not that frequent. If I if you see that there is a platform you used to have a lot of serving but here it's not that easy. Right?
What?
maybe also I think it's depend upon the location where we are, maybe some of the strategic relative to your area. So maybe they something like that. I'm not sure how they distribute this study. I don't know Sometimes I see the study coming. There are 400 places. But when it comes to me you're a place but it's almost gone. I tried to reason with the complete study in reserve.
that's the problem. We cannot watch every time. Keep watching it. So let's say we're working on office computer and now something we're doing. Not that treatment moved from there to here and why my move and I tried to pick it up. It's a student paul. Then I feel
then I feel why they're sending so late. If there were 400 places they would have sent me so suddenly I don't know other criteria for the shoes people for you yesterday. But for me okay let's see I'll keep trying till end of the year if I'm not going to office. Thank you. But
What?
yeah yeah this one they're talking mother this is coming to me second time. How about you?
Oh this is first time. So for me they said it's a repeated study. So I did this the same in a month, a month and a half before. So that might be the similar and I thought 25 30 minutes. And then they send it again refugee study. So this is again But this is pretty interesting. At least we are talking to someone just filling it out. But after that you have to fill it out. Uh questionnaires take around 20-25 minutes. Oh nothing to us. So that's
a pretty handy. I remember when I feel large time. So the last about quality of the discussion and everything. So they have to fill it out. That's it. But it's still a few few studies are good implore effect your story escape. Very informative things. Knowledgeable things. I like some other things. Then how they do research that we get an idea. Okay. It's how they choose people because lira used to read in a book or something Out of two million people. We did this history. I was thinking how to choose the 1000 people out of the world. But now I know how they're choosing. That's
They're throwing the study in a platform. 1000 people pick it, fill it out. They get that region. Yeah. This is kind of thing. But good. No, it's good. Good thing to do it. Yeah.
Let's see. Okay. And how how long we have to stay for 25 minutes?
We are good. I'm not sure. I did not check
it out.
I think. I think we have done the 25 minutes, correct? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Almost 27 minutes we have done I think. Yeah.
I haven't did it. Or they're going to good good movie.
Very nice to talk to us well and take care and have a healthy and safe life. And I hope you'll get more studies through prolific.
You
may do. I'll try my best. Okay.
Thank you. See you later. All right.