little
good, how are you?
Yes, I can hear you.
Hi
Manish Francis.
Uh Pretty good day, relax. I work from home so this is the easy setup for me. Uh
I'm in san Diego California.
of course
That's perfect. That's 75 sunny. A few clouds but yeah.
broke.
Yeah.
Yeah it's a lot drier in the southern part. Um So that's a lot. I like the dry heat so it's not so humid
when
it gets humid it's too hot for me. Mhm.
How long have you lived in Jacksonville?
I work
in
video games.
Yeah it's different. Um Yeah so I help our games figure out their pricing. Um What platforms we're going to release on, what feature sets to me, that kind of thing.
So we work with developers, we have outside developers and we helped them bring their product to market. Um We're like a publisher,
Yeah, I don't have to I don't have to worry about no C plus plus or the fucking code or anything like that? Yeah.
If you don't understand it goes it goes to waste or it's tough to remember
and everyone codes a little bit differently anyway. So if you're looking at somebody else's code, it doesn't, it's hard to figure out sometimes. Uh
What do
you need to get it done? Yeah.
What kind of tools do you use normally?
Like he is
black or
era or?
we use a discord now. It's
um but mostly for gamers, but they add a video chat, so that's what we
use for our telecoms. For the most part we assume
sometimes for like more official meetings. Um
and then we use uh confluence as are like knowledge tracker and then sometimes we use Trillo for different vendors for like project tracking. Right?
Beautiful.
Okay, it's no problem.
no
kids
yet.
I'm married, I'm married but no kids yet, so we're
hoping one day.
Yeah.
I have uh I have a lot of nieces and nephews though, so
I have
I think when the 12 nieces and nephews yeah,
so
All
that's
good, that's good. What what part of India are you from?
Oh.
huh.
My
my brothers, my oldest brother's wife is from, her family is from a some Mhm.
And one of my best friends in high school, his family is from uh good drugs. Two.
No, I haven't, I haven't sadly one day.
Yeah, new york and get new york and get kind of hot during the summer though. In humid.
that's a lot easier. Yeah.
No it's tougher when you don't get to fly back and forth. It used to be a lot, I mean it's a long flight, but it's still relatively easy and now it's like you can't.
But.
No.
in the corner
if
Yeah, so it's growing right now because there's a lot of people that don't want to listen for uh I want to have their freedom um And it's uh that's not good
for anybody, so yeah, they had to re close everything because people like, well,
if it's open
and I don't need to worry and it's like, well,
you still need to worry. It
just means to be right. Still stay safe, so.
What?
I don't yeah, we'll see. Yeah, I stopped. I used to watch like every day how many cases and then after a few weeks, I'm like, I don't need to
know what I need to do.
Like I don't need to read anymore. It's just depressing if you hear about it every day, like, and then you start to think like maybe maybe me, oh, I sneezed, maybe I have it. That's like, no, like it's
Because they'll hug each other or play games with each other or,
they, yeah they don't know all the effects yet. Right. It's just the long term effects no
one knows because it hasn't been around. Right.
please.
All
No. No. Yeah. Hopefully you can find an online solution or they keep the school is closed.
good.
Mhm. Uh huh. Right.
I think you're being smart.
Great.
Hello?
I am
Yeah. And if more people if more people are safer than everyone safer too
so
So yeah I started staying focused on the disease they want to
it's very excited.
Right.
Everything online. Yeah.
So my company um where
a small start up um we've been around for, it appears
we've always only been online.
We've never had an office so um and our developers are worldwide so we never we've always this has always been our setup. Oh
so
this
is
Um but now I don't get to go outside, like normally go outside and get to the coffee shop, talk to people go to the ocean like hang
out now I don't do that as much because so it's that I feel more or stuck at home.
That's
hard
for the loud noise. Let's see if I can get
my,
Sorry. Yeah,
there.
Well
yeah, mm. Uh Oh yeah I've
been at this company for six years.
Before that I was in
Los Angeles doing a video game work. Um, and then before that I was in boston. That's where I went to school.
Yes. Sorry for the lab
allies. Senior effective
justice.
So prolific. Um
Right. Maybe a year or two.
It's kind of fun just to
see switch up my day because I'm always doing video games. So it's nice to see what our scientists thinking about or looking at two. So there's like product service, which kind of helped me for work because I was like, oh what questions
do they ask? And then um then there's like the science surveys, they're like, here's the things we're trying to figure out or understand about human behavior. Um
and so it's like it's fun to think about for me like something different.
I don't
know.
works for me. Um You know, some days I don't use it at all. It depends how busy I am at work and then some days I'll, if I get bored that's like if I'm gonna waste time online, it might as well
contribute towards something and make a little bit of money.
You think
about this?
Thank
you.
I get a lot of like little service. I get a lot of like five minutes. I look like what I've done in the last week. Just like so I'll get like a lot of like yeah
15 cents, 10 cents, 40 cents. So I do a lot
of those ones. Um
No. Um Yeah, it just depends on the day to like some days if I do a lot of them then I normally don't have a lot left. Like if I do a lot one day, the next day I won't have very many. Yeah, like right now I have one
for nine cents as my option. Yeah.
That's another thing. Yeah. You have to be very quick on some of them I think have to be watching. Yeah.
Too late. Yeah.
extra money doesn't hurt. And I think you can do this one. You can do this one a few times. I think they said in their survey you can you
can do this multiple times. So this one's a pretty good one.
This is my first time doing this one.
Perfect.
You're one of the thousands, yeah. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Yeah. I think 25 minutes so I think we're I think we're good. Mhm.
I
see.
I think we've done in 25 minutes.
overachievers?
Well, very nice to talk to you
you
as well.
Talk to you later.