morning.
Good good, how are you?
Um what's your name?
I'm Caitlin
I
think it
cut
so
where are you from?
how's
the
weather up
there?
Um Just a little bit it's mostly been cold now.
yeah it's
like way
different.
yeah okay we're not that close.
So how's new york? Like what do you do there,
how's new york like what what's it or do there?
huh.
mm.
Um so like have you always lived in new york or did you just like
about,
let's go
I've always lived in California in California like where I live, it's kind of close to um Disneyland so I I go there a lot but not
not recently
anymore because closed so
but other
than that I just go hiking and I
not
go to
drive
in movies. Yeah.
Okay I've never been to new york. Have you been in California?
I live okay. Um
um I was only close to one fire but nothing happened. Um
Nothing bad happened and yeah everything's good.
Yeah. Um How old are your daughters? Mhm.
I'm 20 so kind of close.
Um
They go to college.
Mhm. They go to college.
Yeah.
not easy.
Okay. Yeah that is
yeah I'm in college right now in my junior year.
Um Yeah I'm studying biology so.
it's not easy but getting there.
Mhm. Yeah, definitely. Um Did you ever go to college?
Yeah. Um So what are you doing like your usual day like every time?
Yeah.
Um My city is fine but let's go into like various cities like L. A. Probably shouldn't go there because that's where like the hotspots are for covid and yeah most places here are also open but they're required to wear a mask if you don't worry, master automatically. So. So yeah, it's pretty easy so far.
I heard there's supposed to be a vaccine that's 90% effective. But I don't know at this point. Yeah.
I don't know. I think I would take it, but uh I think it's too soon for it.
you have
any
pets?
I'm sorry. You go ahead.
Um I didn't know one person. Um It was my aunt and yeah, she had to be like isolated for like two weeks, but she just had like a major fever and that was it. Like no other major symptoms.
Yeah. She's okay now. Yeah. Um What about you?
Yeah. I've heard of people gain it like three times and that's just like kinda
crazy
how many times
you get it?
Yeah. That's like another reason like why I don't know like how the vaccine will work because like can't we just get it again like. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely want to put down for the books for sure.
I don't get that.
Um Do you have any pets?
Oh, cats are kind of scary to me.
Oh my gosh.
I don't like seeing at what I like seeing them, but like I don't like touching them because like they always just like scratch like
like
Um I used to have a dog. He was a bichon. Um he was like um 11 years old in human years. So I don't know how old he was in dog years, but he was really small and yeah.
So you'll never get a dog?
I don't like chihuahuas so.
like
they bark so much
like I
can't.
okay. How many dogs did you have when going up?
A big although I always thought like those are like friendly.
names.
Mhm. Um Have you ever owned any other cuts?
my gosh.
Um when I was like super super small, like probably 34 and my brother was older, he we had like a turtle, his name was abc but I don't
know what happened to him
and
now hey
stay
yeah somewhere. Um And yeah do you have any siblings?
were adopted
Um I have three brothers, one older one and two little ones. Um the older ones 22 and then the younger ones are 15 and 13. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh I live at home still so I have no choice early. Yeah but I do want to go out of state when I like probably go to graduate school so.
Um I would really want to go to like probably Washington or texas or probably deep in L. A. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Yeah I definitely like want to get out like stay in like or at least out the city and like see what there is out there. Mhm.
Um Honestly no, so that's
like another reason why I want to get out. Yeah.
Okay that's that's something I want to do like over summer like definitely.
Yeah I want to do so far I'm younger but kind of strict parents alert so.
Um So what else? Any more questions? Yeah.
uh Yeah I celebrate all the holidays christmas thanksgiving with my family. Uh What do you do for holidays?
Yeah. Um Are they like really strict and like the you know like party limit gatherings?
What? Oh my gosh.
Well no I didn't know like a fine store, I'm not even sure if we have fines.
Well what do you cook for like um the holidays?
Um Mostly Turkey because it's obvious and then um stuff mean and then um usually like green bean creeping like caramelized onion casserole, It
sounds kind of gross but it's good.
Yeah and then um like cream of chlorine and then all the basics, that's really a more look I look more forward to like christmas because that's like when we do like tamales and all that kind of fun stuff so
but it's not fun making them,
it takes so long to like make them because like I'm not sure if you've ever made them, but like get to get the oh, you made them
you know like
pasta leo's, what are those?
I'll have to look that up.
I
think I know how to smell it.
Yeah. So um and then do you have any like christmas traditions or now?
I love
prime rib.
Um So like what do you do like during christmas like night? So like do you like watch movies or like games?
Okay, let's go. And then, oh, what did you do for Halloween, like? Really?
Yeah. Where kids are allowed a trilogy over there or now?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sorry. What?
Oh, I just went into my my in laws because um I didn't want you couldn't go out trick or treating, but I did not want to. Yeah, I do not want to take my little siblings, it just wasn't worth it.
Yeah. Uh I have to go to class now, I'm
so
sorry.