Oh okay. But yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah so yeah yeah. Hi good morning.
I really do.
Good
I'm april
Caitlin. Hi nice to meet you. Hi. Yeah I think you may have froze Caitlin. Hello. Hello mm hello? Mhm Caitlyn. Oh
there
you
go. There
you go.
I lived in upstate new york. How about you? Oh you're on the opposite coast wow.
So it's
probably
still
really warm there.
Um But your idea of cold is still
pretty
warm
to me I'm sure Because we're currently maybe in the 40s today.
Yeah I didn't think so.
I'm sorry I didn't hear you.
Um Well I live out in a very quiet area so like when you think of new york you probably think of new york city that's not my new york at all. I'm in a very
quiet location so for me to get anywhere I have to drive like a half hour. Yeah but
so and I don't do a whole lot so um I have two daughters that are grown and don't live at home anymore and I like to garden and read. So. Yeah.
born and
raised. Mhm.
You?
This
well
Catch
up.
I
love
the
hike.
I love to hike. That's one of my favorite things to do. I will say upstate new york has a ton of waterfalls and they're my favorite thing to hike.
No, no. I've only traveled on the east Coast.
Are you close to the wildfires at all? Are you safe?
Good,
good.
my oldest is 26 and my youngest, 21. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. You are my daughter's age. My youngest just turned 21 in July. So. Yeah. Yeah.
So
I'm sorry
actually they both graduated, so. Yes.
Um they both, my my daughter went for a clinical beauty esthetician, so that was a short program and my other daughter just did the Associates for automotive technology. Yeah. So,
um, no, and it's pretty different. Not a lot of females take that type of course. So it was interesting.
Are you in college or
Junior
Biology? That's a great field. You can do a lot with that. Right.
Well, it hopefully will pay off in the end to be very rewarding for you.
I did, I went um actually when, after I had my Children, I decided I wanted to go back to college and finish so that I would at least have a degree so that I could say to my kids, I did it for them. So I have just an associate, some business administration, but I was working full time and taking care of them. So I just didn't feel it was beneficial to keep pushing on. I was very busy and it suited my needs. So. Yeah.
Well, right now I like I said, I read and garden a lot with Covid. Um, I haven't been working, so I'm just really,
you know, taking care of the house and looking for the husband and you know, maintaining things that's about it. Not a whole lot we can do outside still. You know, we, we just, we're back in the yellow so they're starting to shut things down around here again. So it's pretty quiet. How is Covid? How are your area?
Well, that's good. That's good. Yeah. We were doing really good. And then like I said, we, we just recently had spikes in the area and they're starting to shut things back down. And I have a feeling that's going to be more commonplace around the world just because the second wave is coming, unfortunately.
I'm not really on board with the whole vaccine thing for that, but I don't know.
I I agree. They haven't tested enough and they don't know. I mean they don't even know enough about the disease, let alone to create a vaccine for it, at least from what I understand. I mean what they tell us in the news, so I could be totally wrong. Do
you
know
anybody? I'm sorry. Go ahead.
I was just going to ask if you knew anybody that had Covid.
So she's okay though.
I actually, my oldest daughter, she had Covid, she lives down in florida, which is a huge hot spot right now. Um and her boyfriend also had it and he's older and he got very sick. She got pretty sick. Um She lost her smell and taste, which thankfully she's since gotten back, but she says she gets some respiratory issues once in a while. So but thankfully they're both okay now. Although I understand he's really sick right now so I'm hoping he didn't somehow get it again or it's remained in the system. I'm not really sure. But she's good so far as far as I know. So
it
first
it
first I thought they said that you know, once you had it that was it. You know, it's a one and done and then they're like, oh yeah, you can get it in the the anti bodies or whatever, don't stay in your system, but only first a certain amount of time and it's like the story keeps changing. So. No, it's believed.
I mean I try to leave it in the hands of those that are educated and know what they're talking about. I certainly have no degrees as far as health, their viruses or anything goes. But I just feel like things are pretty sketchy with this particular situation versus any other. I've lived there.
Yeah, it's, you know, and I've lived through quite a few viruses and this by far is, I don't know. And it's not consistent. Like if you go one place, the law says this and if you're here you can do this and there's just so many different rules and regulations and it's different no matter where you go. And it's like how can that be? Because it's one virus no matter where you are. So if I don't, I have a doctorate.
Yeah. Thank you. Mhm.
I do. I have a cat. Yeah.
Really? Oh no. Well, I should warn you, if he wakes up, you will hear him long before you see him because he's very vocal. He's 20 years old.
Yes, he's very old for a cap and if he comes out he will be me allowing very loud. So don't be startled because he's just me. I was a lot but is so super friendly. So your spirit of chance.
Oh, my cats, none of my cats have ever scratched. Oh, you've had a bad experience.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any pads?
No. See I'm opposite to you. I'm scared of dogs. I've been bit several times by dogs, so I'm very fearful of dogs. I don't, I mean if someone told ng them or controlling them and I can tell it's safe, I'm okay. But if a dog comes running anywhere near me, I will freeze and be like, oh God, please invite me, please don't bite me. And of course, you know, dogs confront spears. So that's probably the worst thing I could do. But it's just like an ingrown reaction with me because I've had such bad experiences. Yeah,
no, we had actually, I did when my daughters were little um my husband's father sent a mexican chihuahua because he thought my daughters needed a dog. So and it was an authentic chihuahua to which the thought was great, I get that, but it did not work out very well in our house. He was one of the little little guys and just didn't hold his bladder very well and he had a habit of going under my daughter's bunk bed and going to the bathroom and I put up with him for a little while and tried to train it, but I was just like, I can't do with this and we found him a much better, much suited home. So
yeah, I mean like just their little ankle biters, they think they're so big and they, I don't know, I've passed, although
I
they
do
everything, yes, and it's weird because I did grow up in a house with dogs my whole life Well until I was 13, but so I'm from a doghouse, I just not a dog person.
Um well there were three big goals which those are not very friendly dog uh and a german shepherd, which I which I absolutely loved, he was an awesome dog, so I loved him, he was great, but it's my mom's dog, so
mm no, they're they're not so much, no, And they were named Beagle 1, 2 and three. Yeah,
so strange.
Um yep, when I was younger I used to own hamsters, but they're very short lived and um I had a mother hamster that had babies In eight, the babies and that totally freaked
me out and I just couldn't keep them after that. I was like, oh that's so awful. So, but have I had any other pets besides that? No. Oh, hermit crab. My kids have had hermit crabs. But yeah, no, I think that's that's pretty much it as far as animals, anything else for you? Besides the dog?
BP.
Oh, you don't know what happened to
him?
he's
probably hanging out somewhere still.
Well, I have one biological brother and I have 51 foster brothers and sisters. Yes,
I was never adopted. I went into foster care when I was um, well let me give a little back story. I lived on my own when I was 13 years old. I ran away from home. I lived by myself, I contacted my town um government office when I just couldn't provide for myself anymore and ask for help. They put me in the foster care at that point. So I went into foster care when I was 14 until I was 16 and I was never officially adopted, but I still am very close to the family and I've watched all my foster siblings and stay in touch with a lot of them. So yeah. You,
Nice.
Are you close with your family still or?
Do you have anything in mind? Any locations you're thinking about?
Well, good luck to you. Whatever whatever you decide to do in your
future.
Absolutely.
Have you, have you done much traveling?
No.
You know, it's fun. I've, especially with this covid things going on right when it first started. Well, I would say about midway through, Yeah, I like I said I wasn't working and my husband, um, he also, it wasn't working. So we decided to take a road trip and we did a whole new England Tour, uh, car trip and it was really awesome. So I highly recommend if you ever get some time take a road trip, it is a great way to just see different things and experience, you know, just get somewhere and putting your phone like waterfall or whatever you enjoy seeing and just go find it. It's so nice to see different things than you're used to seeing. It's a great way to experiencing.
Yeah, I highly recommend it and do it while you're younger so you have energy and then you can get around and do what you want to do.
Gotcha, Gotcha, I hear you. I was, I was kind of strict with both my daughters too and they're like so brokenhearted that they're both moved out and grown and you know what not because I hate it. Think of my, my youngest, she's only 20 minutes for me, but it was so hard when she told me she was getting her first apartment. I was not ready. Like she had already been to college for two years, staying on campus away from home, but just the whole, her own place made it official. So it's very hard as a parent to let the reins go and it's hard. It is, yeah.
Um, I don't know. Let's see. Are you excited about the holidays? Do you celebrate holidays or?
Oh, usually I cook and I host family here this year. I'm not really sure because New York state has a limit. You can only have nine People are 10 people at a gathering. So it makes it really hard because one of my brother in law's has, you know, several Children. So just his family alone is six people. So you know my family with my daughter and her boyfriend, that's that's four right there, so it's like it's smaller, it's not going to be the same this year unfortunately.
Um if you get caught, yes you can be fined up to $10,000.
Yeah. Yeah, they're really trying to consider, well we were doing really good here in new york and then like I said, we just recently started spiking in there, they've got some pretty pretty strict about like they don't let anybody into new york without a covid test showing a negative result. And like they're pretty pretty strict about, I mean a lot of people obviously than the rules but I'm more of a, okay, I'm just gonna kind of do what I'm supposed to do because I just want this whole disaster to be over with. So if I can do my part to maybe help shrink it it will mm.
Yeah. Three or there absolutely is and I don't know, I'm hoping that someday it will go back to how it was. It was but I'm kind of thinking that the day and age is done so it's a new world different and
um usually well thanksgiving is the turkey just because that's such an additional thing. And then we usually do like sweet potato casserole, corn, castro, green bean casserole. Oh roles stuffing gravy, you know the traditional fare? What do you guys usually have for thanksgiving?
And
no, I love onions.
night
right a lot goes into them. But the love and care definitely you can tell. So it's worth it. Yeah.
Mhm. And pasta leo's my husband is his father. His stepfather is Puerto Rican, so yes. Mhm.
It's perhaps us, but it's so worth it. Well worth it. My favorite past leo's. Those are I love those, but those are pain in the butt to make too, so
Uh They're like meat pies, you might call them something different. You do a crust and then it's like a ground beef filling.
Okay. Okay. I'm trying to think how is this, How does it spell to even look it up? I'm not really sure.
But they're delicious.
Yeah, they're very, very good.
Well, I always used to be, everybody came to my house, but again, with the covid thing that that's not going to be the same this year. And my kids are in two different places, although my youngest will come here and we'll do primary. We usually do primary Bendit christmas dinners. Yeah, I
think honey,
I'm not a big fan and like I'm okay with eating it once a year for christmas because it's not really my favorite thing, but my daughter likes certain requests, so try to keep her happy.
yeah, we just kind of hang out and you know, usually I do have family here and we just, you know, hang out and eat, you know, enjoy enjoy the company and open gifts together and you know
Um I was actually quarantined during Halloween because my daughter that's in florida, I went to see her, I waited until she was recovered, but as a mom I had to go check on my baby. So even though florida was a no travel zone I traveled and I had to do the whole quarantine thing and it's so yeah, I was in the house housebound but I watched Halloween movies on tv that was the best second.
Um I don't have any little ones anymore so I'm not sure if if it was actually technically allowed to be trick or treating. I don't think they were supposed to around the area but like churches and different places might have been able to do like the trick or trump type thing but I'm not really sure and I don't have little ones so I don't know. Yeah
did you do anything for Halloween?
I said did you do anything for Halloween?
I agree.
Well it
was
No that's okay. Our time is up. We did 25 minutes