SPEAKER_L: Oh daniela. Yeah. What? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, are you
SPEAKER_R: Arena.
SPEAKER_L: finding you? You are uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good. I had had some difficulty getting in here. I wasn't sure about taking the survey. Like if I was going to have to um they wanted they wanted us to take some kind of survey first. I mean I didn't even I didn't get here till like, you know, 10-10. I didn't think I was going to have time to take it. I asked if I could take it afterwards. I didn't know I needed to do this in order to access a chat. So that's why I was a few minutes late, finally decided I better click on it and see what happens. So
SPEAKER_L: This is it.
SPEAKER_R: anyway, I'm from the United States. My name's Karen. What about, where are you from? What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: My name is victor.
SPEAKER_R: He speaks.
SPEAKER_L: I am from chile. That's my home country where I was born and where I lived until january. Um but now I am in the United States in Maryland.
SPEAKER_R: okay. My son, my son is living in brazil right now. He loves it. I wish he was here though. I'm really happy. He's been there for several months now, so.
SPEAKER_L: sure. And I guess that brazil is not like a good place to be like exactly enough.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean he's enjoying it. I mean I think he thinks that he uh may have already had Covid, he said he didn't feel like himself a few days, but he never got checked for it or anything. So I think that I think that he should have though. Because you know, if he if he did have it and recover then, I mean, he could he could, you know, donate his plasma and help save some lives. Well, you're screwed going all over the place.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I was I was closing the door because my wife was using the dryer how to say this, the he's drying her hair. So so it's making a lot of nice.
SPEAKER_R: well. Is it? Well, it's funny. So how did you start doing for rough prolific?
SPEAKER_L: So I started I started in chile um like I don't know like seeing ways like to make a few extra bucks but but you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: all trump.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but but you know that it's quite different like doing it in here in the States because you are eligible to more things. You know you have like more uh there are like more surveys and more like things to do in in prolific until uh sometimes
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you don't have like anything like in a day or like in a week. So.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah, that's usually the way it is here. It seems like there's more things offered to people in the United States. I mean on that all survey sites and things like that, you know? I don't know. It just that's just the way it is I guess unfortunately. So what have you been doing here? Do you have a job or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No no I have been like struggling a little. So our situation here is that my wife, she's studying a masters degree at the University of Merlin. She started on january and she has um she earned a scholarship from the Chilean government. So they pay us uh I mean they pay her uh an s dependent uh to to live in here and they pay the university for her. Um I am well I studied physics at the university in chile at my my Bachelor and then I am finishing a PhD in chile. Uh It's a big
SPEAKER_R: so you'll
SPEAKER_L: sport.
SPEAKER_R: be going back then?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, yeah. In fact our the scholarship part of the rules of the scholarship is to go back to chile after we finish this and we have to live in chile like for the double of time of the, of the amount of time that we spend in here, so we're going to be here two years and then we have to go back to chile and stay there for four years. Um But we are we are okay with that, I mean we want to go back to chile, we never like plan to come here and stay here. Uh huh And we
SPEAKER_R: Your family has narrowed everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah we we we see, we see our lives in chile, we don't see our life here. I mean obviously that that can change but Until now I think that we we we we are more sure of the of that option because my wife family, they are here in the states, leaving. They moved, her sister, her older sister moved here in 2016 and her parents moved here last year they
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: established a business and in the but they are in the in the other side of the country, they are in Washington in like very near from Canada. So uh they are established there, they her parents they sold all what they got in chile and they put a small business on uh like narrow foods like um fast food but with I don't know they sold like salads and like uh fruits and like uh someone Penelas and some stuff like that. Um So and they want to they want to be here uh but yeah we we we prefer to go back to chile. We we missed our country.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah. Well I'm actually, you said during Maryland I'm going to Maryland on thursday I mean just my family is from pennsylvania, my nuclear family or my family of origin. So I'm gonna I'm gonna ride up there with my nephew, he's going to take me up there. So um he lives near B. W. I. Airport so I'll be up there just yeah like on thursday I'm afraid the traffic will be really bad there. So I mean I'm going to like leave really early from here because I'm in central pennsylvania so I mean I'm in central Virginia right now so you know, it's quite adjust. Well it's not that far, but you know how the traffic is around the Washington area. It's bad. So Washington Baltimore area, it's bad. So especially on the holiday so I believe really so
SPEAKER_L: But is there a holiday like like uh
SPEAKER_R: lot of course and very
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: can I forget that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Well we we have
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's not yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we have
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: for a while.
SPEAKER_L: We have never been in in in July four I mean but obviously obviously you you get a lot of like references, I don't know like movies or something, it's
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: like a
SPEAKER_R: turn
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: red. Yeah, it is. But with Covid, I mean I think most of the fireworks celebrations are probably going to be cancelled. I mean, you know, you know how covid is like ruining everything. So um wants
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: to see.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. But I have a question uh because we have like some neighbors, I mean people around here that they they have been like throwing fireworks like I don't know like almost every night uh since last week and um it is it is legal to people to buy fireworks in here.
SPEAKER_R: Well the laws depend the laws vary from state to state. So what might be legal in one state is illegal in another state? I I don't know. Common sense would dictate though that they shouldn't be doing that in the you know, apartments where people are living so close together. Did you did you say something to your management? The apartment management.
SPEAKER_L: Um No it's it's not in my building complex, it is like in houses, I don't know like a few blocks from here, but I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: mean I don't I really don't mind just just I mean I have the doubt because uh you know until I remember like as a little kid like you you could buy some fireworks but there was like a huge campaign about that they were dangerous and that I don't know like a lot of campaigns on the on the T. V. About small Children's that get burned up. I don't know their arms or where and and then they were they were prohibited and and and then you I mean it was weird to to see people like throwing fireworks. The only the only you know in in tough neighborhoods they usually throw fireworks when they it was like a way to getting to know all the people that the drug has been like um arrived you know to to that drug
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: dealers, local drug dealers. So it wasn't uh it was just a thing about I mean uh we we do throw fireworks but in celebrations special celebrations usually in New Year's Eve. But they do it I mean the the the county or the local government do it you know they have the permission to do it but normal people doesn't have access to fireworks because they were illegal
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like in the
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: whole country.
SPEAKER_R: you know they saw them everywhere here and I don't even know for sure if all the fireworks they sell are legal in the states, they sell them in. But people people can buy fireworks here everywhere. So um like I said different states have different rules on fireworks. So I mean I don't know I mean most most places don't seem to allow too many of them but it doesn't really make sense when people can buy so many of them when you can buy so many of them. You know that you know that people are going to use them. So anyway. So I mean it's like I mean because like I know that like in this state prepare to july there's usually like these fireworks stand set up all over the place. So it's like, you know, basically people with, they want to do it. I mean, you know, they have easy access
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to get
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: the fireworks. So anyway, thank God I'm not going to be here before because because it can, it can get wild here. People
SPEAKER_L: you're,
SPEAKER_R: like shoot guns and stuff like that, which is not very safe. So uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well happen here. I mean not at each other obviously, but you know, still it's that can be noisy here even though I'm out in the country. So. But uh yeah, you know what and and since some of the public celebrations will be banned, I think because of Covid you might have even more people, you know, shooting off fireworks and all that stuff. So I don't know On the 4th itself. So I participated in one of these chats one other time. It was kind of fun. I mean I I enjoyed it. I mean it was a nice easy way to earn like $10, It was it was good. I know when I talked before I talked to someone in michigan so that was funny. I mean you know it's always nice to like sort of pink into other people's lives, you know what I mean? So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah sure. I mean
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: especially especially in in the in this in this moment that uh you can't get to interact with many people especially with with with strangers. I mean um to to me it has been I
SPEAKER_R: You know you're all wearing a mask. What?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I also I also participated uh in in like one or two months ago and I talked to a guy in in Arizona I guess. Um And yeah and the thing is and the thing to me also is that you know we well we we speak spanish with my wife uh uh I mean we we speak spanish because that's what we speak in chile and and the thing is the thing is obviously we speak spanish between each other and I don't get to practice my english, you know because I don't know anyone, you know we arrived in january and in the middle of january we stayed here like january february and then March we get locked up and we don't have like any friends in here, especially any english speaking friends, so we don't have to speak english unless unless I don't know, I have to do some paperwork or like make a call and obviously that is not the best uh situation to improve your english, you know. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you push your english is really, you know, quite good though. I mean I would have thought you'd been in the country for quite a while actually. Did you study at a lot in school?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I started some some in school in school but I think that what what makes my english improved a lot was uh doing my PhD because you know you have to read all in english, you have to write in english and I have been in some conference also, then you have to present in english and like to, I don't know interact with people in english injera, but usually you interact a lot with people uh for for whom english is not their first language too, so it is quite different to to speak to someone that is not speaking their native language, you know that than to speak to people who I don't know. I remember for example once I went to Indianapolis to a conference and and then I went to a bar and meet some Americans and they were like uh there were like three friends uh like drinking and I was there and suddenly they started to chat and I was completely lost about the conversation, you know, because it was like to fast like with a lot of slang and with I was like completely lost you know? But if I speak, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: with, I don't know with an italian for example, in in English, I can totally, you know, like get everything that they they talked also because their accent in english is quite similar for example to latin american accents in english, you know
SPEAKER_R: Oh did you have any problem understanding the guy from Arizona like his spanish? Was it was it any different or it just sounded like this accent was different.
SPEAKER_L: uh the guy from, so the guy from Arizona was uh he was from I think Dubai, he was a Middle Eastern.
SPEAKER_R: Always.
SPEAKER_L: So uh that that that has studied in in Arizona. So at first he started
SPEAKER_R: How did
SPEAKER_L: speaking
SPEAKER_R: you understand it? We'll see. I mean how did he know spanish? He studied it or it
SPEAKER_L: no, he didn't,
SPEAKER_R: was his name?
SPEAKER_L: he didn't knew spanish. We we we spoke in english uh uh as it spanish,
SPEAKER_R: Oh I thought you spoke spanish to the guy in Arizona.
SPEAKER_L: no, no
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: no no
SPEAKER_R: what you're
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: saying.
SPEAKER_L: no no no. But but sometimes you know sometimes here happen, it happens a lot in fact that we go for example with my wife to I don't know like to any place to do some paperwork or like buying something whatever and you start like trying to interact in english and people like
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: response
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: to you in spanish because they they know that they get that we don't speak english as their native language and they get that we speak spanish, this is a very hispanic area where where
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: we live you know so it is quite common to to find people who speak some spanish and it is quite common. In fact we live near a neighborhood that it's like all spanish you know, it is like weird, it's weird to find someone that speaking english you know?
SPEAKER_R: Well when I used to live in in and dale, he said that just about everybody, there was either either hispanic or um korean. He said it was rare to find like a you know, white anglo there. It was just you know, it was all it was all people from different I think group. So anyway, so so some neighborhoods are like that here though. This is where I live. I mean it's you know, a white middle class, you know, it's very strange. No, you know it's very homogeneous, there's now, you know, Hispanics, no asians. I mean the county has some of both but not not not right here in this neighborhood. Most of these communities around the lake er about you know, probably, I don't know, 95% white Americans. There's I mean there's some black people live out here too, but I mean you know, Americans just not not hispanic or you know anything. So anyway it's funny to make up with different places. So the cities have a lot more, you know, ethnic diversity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah in which city you are I mean.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not really I'm in um have you? Well you probably haven't heard of it. I'm not too far from Richmond though. Richmond Virginia. Yeah, but I've been out in the country like Lake Anna is a big blake down here. Um It's the second largest lake in Virginia and I live in that area. So anyway. Yeah. I've been on prolific a long time though. I've actually, I've actually made quite a bit of money on prolific. I've been on prolific probably about, I don't know between 200 years I've made over $1,000. So it's, you know, it's a good thing. It's a nice little you know, from little thing. I mean I look for surveys and stuff every day, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is. Uh yeah, I have been I mean I have been like actively participating uh since february And I have made like yeah, like I don't know like $250 or something like that. So it is
SPEAKER_R: that's that's good. Less a short
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: short time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is quite a yeah, because you know, I have been like struggling with with with normal jobs, you know, because I have I have a lot of problems with my papers, you know. Uh just yesterday arrived my my social security card and I was asking for that, you know, since january. So a lot of people have have been like messed up a lot because of covid and because of
SPEAKER_R: You know, you can't even get
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: a passport now. I tried to get a passport, you know, because My passport expired and so now I have to like apply for a new one and because of Covid, they're not even issuing them now. So it's like, you know, I don't know how long that's going to last because you know, I mean, I'm going to, you know if my son isn't going to come back here soon, I want to go down there and doesn't him. You know what I mean? So so but they can't go anywhere until I can get a passport obviously. So anyway, what do you think you think there'll be a vaccine like in january?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh I don't know. I don't know. Sorry, what did you say? Uh wedding terry
SPEAKER_R: What? No, I was asking about a vaccine. Do you think there will be a vaccine
SPEAKER_L: vaccine?
SPEAKER_R: in january?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I don't know. Maybe. Uh let's hope so because yeah, what I think is that yeah, it's going to take a lot of time to go back to normal. I mean like like like this uh like like real normal, right? Uh I think that we're going to be I don't know, like one or two years with some precautions and with I don't know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well I don't think
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: things will ever be exactly the way they were. And that might be a good thing. I mean it might cut down on you know, illness and disease spread. Like I think
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: they'll keep those social distancing measures in place. Hopefully we won't have to I'll be wearing masks two years from now. But like, you know, I think once the vaccine hits and it really starts to like tame the virus that will help. Um but like we're supposed to be starting phase three here on on Wednesday, which will be you know tomorrow, which will be good because you know more things will be open the the theaters and the, you know, restaurants will be open inside and stuff like that. Um But I noticed yesterday, you know, I hope he doesn't, I think he's gonna governor will go ahead with it. Um Although these cases have started to increase a little bit again here. So we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And also and also I think that the main problem here in the States is that I mean you can like um start controlling the problem in in in a state. But if the other states, you know, uh are rising up, uh it's a never ending problem, you know, Because uh
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: so so it's quite different. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: Like.
SPEAKER_R: made the borders on states and not let people from certain states come in. I think they've already done that to a certain extent. You know like new york hasn't allowed like Floridians in and stuff like that. And then for a while they weren't letting new Yorkers in various states. I mean they may have to do that you know, until it really gets under control. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So what happens is this just gonna end like it at 10:30, or what? I think that's what happened before.
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know. I think that this is uh that we have to That we have to go next when we when we're done with the 25 minutes, which I think we are or I don't know. I don't remember exactly at what time you getting. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well I got here at you know four so we should probably talk until like um 1035 and then and then I guess we can go
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. I think so.
SPEAKER_R: but they should have they should have some kind of like timer for us or something but they never do that I guess. I don't know. It was a while ago when I had my last chat. It was several months ago. It was before Covid I knew that we weren't talking about that at all. So now that's all anybody talks about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's a little it's a little uh it's firing, you know? Uh I think that sometimes, I mean it is impossible not to talk about this, but in another sense, I think that it is healthy to speak about other things too. You know, not everything like like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: goes around that. But
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: but it's hard, you know, it's hard. I mean to me for example, it's it's especially hard because we in chile we are having, you know, like very very very bad numbers about covid. You know, I have you
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: know, I have to I have well, an an uncle from my mother's side that died from Covid like two weeks ago. I have an yeah
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: an uncle from my father's side that died also like two weeks ago. And my wife's,
SPEAKER_R: No, that's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: my wife's grandfather also died two weeks ago. And
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and yeah and her grandmother and her uncle, they are now in in the ICU. And they're like uh her uncle is uh getting a mechanical ventilation, you know, so it has been uh I mean it has hit hard, you know, until and and well I know plenty of people that have been like sick and you know uh huh. And now we are like in the middle of the boom, you know in chile uh there's like total quarantine and and people say that people in santiago that is the capital and this is where we are from. Uh they say that they probably the look is going to get for another like two months. You know because it
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: is it is also winter, you know and that complicates a lot more of the things. Uh We have also we have a pollution problem in santiago because of the geography. We are a city surrounded by heels. So in in winter, you know the the pollution goes down and stays there and the pollution gets uh uh makes people sick, you know and we have a lot of respiratory diseases in a normal year, you know? So with this it is like quite worse. What were some? It's it's a whole
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: mess.
SPEAKER_R: someone at, I know actually somebody online from from santiago chile and her um I think it's her daughter's ex husband. Um Got ill with Covid And they were they were really pretty worried about him but I guess he had you know he's better now. I mean he's not going to die or anything I mean I don't know if he's 100% better but he's you know getting better. So So that's that's a really good thing. So how long were we supposed to Chat was a 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_L: I think so. I think so.
SPEAKER_R: 20 family I think I think we've done that. So uh so I guess we should just go ahead and sign off. We're not going to get any kind of end exit thing or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Maybe maybe we click next because uh let's see there's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like some kind of
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: destruction.
SPEAKER_R: have next I don't see any next or anything on here.
SPEAKER_L: No, no,
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: screen's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: full.
SPEAKER_L: mean in the in the in the other window in the in the window that you
SPEAKER_R: Well that
SPEAKER_L: that you opened,
SPEAKER_R: the online smoking. Okay? Are you gonna click we're going to click on that? All right well it's been nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: it's been nice talking to you too.
SPEAKER_R: Have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: You too.