Hello. Hello.
Arena.
I'm pretty good. I had had some difficulty getting in here. I wasn't sure about taking the survey. Like if I was going to have to um they wanted they wanted us to take some kind of survey first. I mean I didn't even I didn't get here till like, you know, 10-10. I didn't think I was going to have time to take it. I asked if I could take it afterwards. I didn't know I needed to do this in order to access a chat. So that's why I was a few minutes late, finally decided I better click on it and see what happens. So
anyway, I'm from the United States. My name's Karen. What about, where are you from? What's your name?
He speaks.
okay. My son, my son is living in brazil right now. He loves it. I wish he was here though. I'm really happy. He's been there for several months now, so.
Well, I mean he's enjoying it. I mean I think he thinks that he uh may have already had Covid, he said he didn't feel like himself a few days, but he never got checked for it or anything. So I think that I think that he should have though. Because you know, if he if he did have it and recover then, I mean, he could he could, you know, donate his plasma and help save some lives. Well, you're screwed going all over the place.
well. Is it? Well, it's funny. So how did you start doing for rough prolific?
Well,
we're
all trump.
that's
it.
All right. Yeah, that's usually the way it is here. It seems like there's more things offered to people in the United States. I mean on that all survey sites and things like that, you know? I don't know. It just that's just the way it is I guess unfortunately. So what have you been doing here? Do you have a job or?
so you'll
be going back then?
Your family has narrowed everything.
well
What? Yeah. Well I'm actually, you said during Maryland I'm going to Maryland on thursday I mean just my family is from pennsylvania, my nuclear family or my family of origin. So I'm gonna I'm gonna ride up there with my nephew, he's going to take me up there. So um he lives near B. W. I. Airport so I'll be up there just yeah like on thursday I'm afraid the traffic will be really bad there. So I mean I'm going to like leave really early from here because I'm in central pennsylvania so I mean I'm in central Virginia right now so you know, it's quite adjust. Well it's not that far, but you know how the traffic is around the Washington area. It's bad. So Washington Baltimore area, it's bad. So especially on the holiday so I believe really so
lot of course and very
well.
Well
yeah, it's not yeah,
it's
not
for a while.
We'll
turn
red. Yeah, it is. But with Covid, I mean I think most of the fireworks celebrations are probably going to be cancelled. I mean, you know, you know how covid is like ruining everything. So um wants
to see.
Well the laws depend the laws vary from state to state. So what might be legal in one state is illegal in another state? I I don't know. Common sense would dictate though that they shouldn't be doing that in the you know, apartments where people are living so close together. Did you did you say something to your management? The apartment management.
So
All
Well
they
you know they saw them everywhere here and I don't even know for sure if all the fireworks they sell are legal in the states, they sell them in. But people people can buy fireworks here everywhere. So um like I said different states have different rules on fireworks. So I mean I don't know I mean most most places don't seem to allow too many of them but it doesn't really make sense when people can buy so many of them when you can buy so many of them. You know that you know that people are going to use them. So anyway. So I mean it's like I mean because like I know that like in this state prepare to july there's usually like these fireworks stand set up all over the place. So it's like, you know, basically people with, they want to do it. I mean, you know, they have easy access
to get
the fireworks. So anyway, thank God I'm not going to be here before because because it can, it can get wild here. People
like shoot guns and stuff like that, which is not very safe. So uh Yeah,
well happen here. I mean not at each other obviously, but you know, still it's that can be noisy here even though I'm out in the country. So. But uh yeah, you know what and and since some of the public celebrations will be banned, I think because of Covid you might have even more people, you know, shooting off fireworks and all that stuff. So I don't know On the 4th itself. So I participated in one of these chats one other time. It was kind of fun. I mean I I enjoyed it. I mean it was a nice easy way to earn like $10, It was it was good. I know when I talked before I talked to someone in michigan so that was funny. I mean you know it's always nice to like sort of pink into other people's lives, you know what I mean? So
and
You know you're all wearing a mask. What?
Yeah. Well you push your english is really, you know, quite good though. I mean I would have thought you'd been in the country for quite a while actually. Did you study at a lot in school?
And
Oh did you have any problem understanding the guy from Arizona like his spanish? Was it was it any different or it just sounded like this accent was different.
Always.
How did
you understand it? We'll see. I mean how did he know spanish? He studied it or it
was his name?
Oh I thought you spoke spanish to the guy in Arizona.
That's
what you're
saying.
it
is.
All
Well when I used to live in in and dale, he said that just about everybody, there was either either hispanic or um korean. He said it was rare to find like a you know, white anglo there. It was just you know, it was all it was all people from different I think group. So anyway, so so some neighborhoods are like that here though. This is where I live. I mean it's you know, a white middle class, you know, it's very strange. No, you know it's very homogeneous, there's now, you know, Hispanics, no asians. I mean the county has some of both but not not not right here in this neighborhood. Most of these communities around the lake er about you know, probably, I don't know, 95% white Americans. There's I mean there's some black people live out here too, but I mean you know, Americans just not not hispanic or you know anything. So anyway it's funny to make up with different places. So the cities have a lot more, you know, ethnic diversity.
I'm not really I'm in um have you? Well you probably haven't heard of it. I'm not too far from Richmond though. Richmond Virginia. Yeah, but I've been out in the country like Lake Anna is a big blake down here. Um It's the second largest lake in Virginia and I live in that area. So anyway. Yeah. I've been on prolific a long time though. I've actually, I've actually made quite a bit of money on prolific. I've been on prolific probably about, I don't know between 200 years I've made over $1,000. So it's, you know, it's a good thing. It's a nice little you know, from little thing. I mean I look for surveys and stuff every day, so
that's that's good. Less a short
short time.
You know, you can't even get
a passport now. I tried to get a passport, you know, because My passport expired and so now I have to like apply for a new one and because of Covid, they're not even issuing them now. So it's like, you know, I don't know how long that's going to last because you know, I mean, I'm going to, you know if my son isn't going to come back here soon, I want to go down there and doesn't him. You know what I mean? So so but they can't go anywhere until I can get a passport obviously. So anyway, what do you think you think there'll be a vaccine like in january?
What? No, I was asking about a vaccine. Do you think there will be a vaccine
in january?
Well I don't think
things will ever be exactly the way they were. And that might be a good thing. I mean it might cut down on you know, illness and disease spread. Like I think
they'll keep those social distancing measures in place. Hopefully we won't have to I'll be wearing masks two years from now. But like, you know, I think once the vaccine hits and it really starts to like tame the virus that will help. Um but like we're supposed to be starting phase three here on on Wednesday, which will be you know tomorrow, which will be good because you know more things will be open the the theaters and the, you know, restaurants will be open inside and stuff like that. Um But I noticed yesterday, you know, I hope he doesn't, I think he's gonna governor will go ahead with it. Um Although these cases have started to increase a little bit again here. So we'll see.
I am
they
made the borders on states and not let people from certain states come in. I think they've already done that to a certain extent. You know like new york hasn't allowed like Floridians in and stuff like that. And then for a while they weren't letting new Yorkers in various states. I mean they may have to do that you know, until it really gets under control. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So what happens is this just gonna end like it at 10:30, or what? I think that's what happened before.
Well I got here at you know four so we should probably talk until like um 1035 and then and then I guess we can go
but they should have they should have some kind of like timer for us or something but they never do that I guess. I don't know. It was a while ago when I had my last chat. It was several months ago. It was before Covid I knew that we weren't talking about that at all. So now that's all anybody talks about.
And
and then
well
I'm sorry.
No, that's terrible.
I don't know.
No,
I know
someone at, I know actually somebody online from from santiago chile and her um I think it's her daughter's ex husband. Um Got ill with Covid And they were they were really pretty worried about him but I guess he had you know he's better now. I mean he's not going to die or anything I mean I don't know if he's 100% better but he's you know getting better. So So that's that's a really good thing. So how long were we supposed to Chat was a 25 minutes?
20 family I think I think we've done that. So uh so I guess we should just go ahead and sign off. We're not going to get any kind of end exit thing or whatever.
I
don't
have next I don't see any next or anything on here.
My
screen's
full.
Well that
the online smoking. Okay? Are you gonna click we're going to click on that? All right well it's been nice talking to you.
Have a good day.