Oh daniela. Yeah. What? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Yeah.
Hello, are you
finding you? You are uh
This is it.
My name is victor.
I am from chile. That's my home country where I was born and where I lived until january. Um but now I am in the United States in Maryland.
sure. And I guess that brazil is not like a good place to be like exactly enough.
Yeah. Yeah, I was I was closing the door because my wife was using the dryer how to say this, the he's drying her hair. So so it's making a lot of nice.
So I started I started in chile um like I don't know like seeing ways like to make a few extra bucks but but you
know
it,
yeah, but but you know that it's quite different like doing it in here in the States because you are eligible to more things. You know you have like more uh there are like more surveys and more like things to do in in prolific until uh sometimes
you
you don't have like anything like in a day or like in a week. So.
Uh No no I have been like struggling a little. So our situation here is that my wife, she's studying a masters degree at the University of Merlin. She started on january and she has um she earned a scholarship from the Chilean government. So they pay us uh I mean they pay her uh an s dependent uh to to live in here and they pay the university for her. Um I am well I studied physics at the university in chile at my my Bachelor and then I am finishing a PhD in chile. Uh It's a big
sport.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. In fact our the scholarship part of the rules of the scholarship is to go back to chile after we finish this and we have to live in chile like for the double of time of the, of the amount of time that we spend in here, so we're going to be here two years and then we have to go back to chile and stay there for four years. Um But we are we are okay with that, I mean we want to go back to chile, we never like plan to come here and stay here. Uh huh And we
Yeah, yeah we we we see, we see our lives in chile, we don't see our life here. I mean obviously that that can change but Until now I think that we we we we are more sure of the of that option because my wife family, they are here in the states, leaving. They moved, her sister, her older sister moved here in 2016 and her parents moved here last year they
established a business and in the but they are in the in the other side of the country, they are in Washington in like very near from Canada. So uh they are established there, they her parents they sold all what they got in chile and they put a small business on uh like narrow foods like um fast food but with I don't know they sold like salads and like uh fruits and like uh someone Penelas and some stuff like that. Um So and they want to they want to be here uh but yeah we we we prefer to go back to chile. We we missed our country.
But is there a holiday like like uh
How
can I forget that? Yeah.
Well we we have
we have
never
been
We have never been in in in July four I mean but obviously obviously you you get a lot of like references, I don't know like movies or something, it's
like a
big
Yeah
definitely. But I have a question uh because we have like some neighbors, I mean people around here that they they have been like throwing fireworks like I don't know like almost every night uh since last week and um it is it is legal to people to buy fireworks in here.
Um No it's it's not in my building complex, it is like in houses, I don't know like a few blocks from here, but I
mean I don't I really don't mind just just I mean I have the doubt because uh you know until I remember like as a little kid like you you could buy some fireworks but there was like a huge campaign about that they were dangerous and that I don't know like a lot of campaigns on the on the T. V. About small Children's that get burned up. I don't know their arms or where and and then they were they were prohibited and and and then you I mean it was weird to to see people like throwing fireworks. The only the only you know in in tough neighborhoods they usually throw fireworks when they it was like a way to getting to know all the people that the drug has been like um arrived you know to to that drug
dealers, local drug dealers. So it wasn't uh it was just a thing about I mean uh we we do throw fireworks but in celebrations special celebrations usually in New Year's Eve. But they do it I mean the the the county or the local government do it you know they have the permission to do it but normal people doesn't have access to fireworks because they were illegal
like in the
whole country.
Well
no.
you're,
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah sure. I mean
especially especially in in the in this in this moment that uh you can't get to interact with many people especially with with with strangers. I mean um to to me it has been I
yeah I also I also participated uh in in like one or two months ago and I talked to a guy in in Arizona I guess. Um And yeah and the thing is and the thing to me also is that you know we well we we speak spanish with my wife uh uh I mean we we speak spanish because that's what we speak in chile and and the thing is the thing is obviously we speak spanish between each other and I don't get to practice my english, you know because I don't know anyone, you know we arrived in january and in the middle of january we stayed here like january february and then March we get locked up and we don't have like any friends in here, especially any english speaking friends, so we don't have to speak english unless unless I don't know, I have to do some paperwork or like make a call and obviously that is not the best uh situation to improve your english, you know. So
yeah I started some some in school in school but I think that what what makes my english improved a lot was uh doing my PhD because you know you have to read all in english, you have to write in english and I have been in some conference also, then you have to present in english and like to, I don't know interact with people in english injera, but usually you interact a lot with people uh for for whom english is not their first language too, so it is quite different to to speak to someone that is not speaking their native language, you know that than to speak to people who I don't know. I remember for example once I went to Indianapolis to a conference and and then I went to a bar and meet some Americans and they were like uh there were like three friends uh like drinking and I was there and suddenly they started to chat and I was completely lost about the conversation, you know, because it was like to fast like with a lot of slang and with I was like completely lost you know? But if I speak, I don't know
with, I don't know with an italian for example, in in English, I can totally, you know, like get everything that they they talked also because their accent in english is quite similar for example to latin american accents in english, you know
uh the guy from, so the guy from Arizona was uh he was from I think Dubai, he was a Middle Eastern.
So uh that that that has studied in in Arizona. So at first he started
speaking
no, he didn't,
he didn't knew spanish. We we we spoke in english uh uh as it spanish,
no, no
no no
no
no no no. But but sometimes you know sometimes here happen, it happens a lot in fact that we go for example with my wife to I don't know like to any place to do some paperwork or like buying something whatever and you start like trying to interact in english and people like
response
to you in spanish because they they know that they get that we don't speak english as their native language and they get that we speak spanish, this is a very hispanic area where where
we live you know so it is quite common to to find people who speak some spanish and it is quite common. In fact we live near a neighborhood that it's like all spanish you know, it is like weird, it's weird to find someone that speaking english you know?
Yeah yeah in which city you are I mean.
Yeah. It is. Uh yeah, I have been I mean I have been like actively participating uh since february And I have made like yeah, like I don't know like $250 or something like that. So it is
what?
Yeah, it is quite a yeah, because you know, I have been like struggling with with with normal jobs, you know, because I have I have a lot of problems with my papers, you know. Uh just yesterday arrived my my social security card and I was asking for that, you know, since january. So a lot of people have have been like messed up a lot because of covid and because of
and
Yeah. Uh I don't know. I don't know. Sorry, what did you say? Uh wedding terry
vaccine?
Yeah. Well, I don't know. Maybe. Uh let's hope so because yeah, what I think is that yeah, it's going to take a lot of time to go back to normal. I mean like like like this uh like like real normal, right? Uh I think that we're going to be I don't know, like one or two years with some precautions and with I don't know. Uh huh.
And
And
Yeah. And also and also I think that the main problem here in the States is that I mean you can like um start controlling the problem in in in a state. But if the other states, you know, uh are rising up, uh it's a never ending problem, you know, Because uh
so so it's quite different. I don't know.
Like.
Um I don't know. I think that this is uh that we have to That we have to go next when we when we're done with the 25 minutes, which I think we are or I don't know. I don't remember exactly at what time you getting. Um
Yeah, I think so. I think so.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a little it's a little uh it's firing, you know? Uh I think that sometimes, I mean it is impossible not to talk about this, but in another sense, I think that it is healthy to speak about other things too. You know, not everything like like
goes around that. But
but it's hard, you know, it's hard. I mean to me for example, it's it's especially hard because we in chile we are having, you know, like very very very bad numbers about covid. You know, I have you
know, I have to I have well, an an uncle from my mother's side that died from Covid like two weeks ago. I have an yeah
an uncle from my father's side that died also like two weeks ago. And my wife's,
my wife's grandfather also died two weeks ago. And
and yeah and her grandmother and her uncle, they are now in in the ICU. And they're like uh her uncle is uh getting a mechanical ventilation, you know, so it has been uh I mean it has hit hard, you know, until and and well I know plenty of people that have been like sick and you know uh huh. And now we are like in the middle of the boom, you know in chile uh there's like total quarantine and and people say that people in santiago that is the capital and this is where we are from. Uh they say that they probably the look is going to get for another like two months. You know because it
is it is also winter, you know and that complicates a lot more of the things. Uh We have also we have a pollution problem in santiago because of the geography. We are a city surrounded by heels. So in in winter, you know the the pollution goes down and stays there and the pollution gets uh uh makes people sick, you know and we have a lot of respiratory diseases in a normal year, you know? So with this it is like quite worse. What were some? It's it's a whole
mess.
I think so. I think so.
Yeah. Maybe maybe we click next because uh let's see there's
like some kind of
destruction.
No, no,
no.
I
mean in the in the in the other window in the in the window that you
that you opened,
it's been nice talking to you too.
You too.