SPEAKER_L: Oh, you might, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. My audio on?
SPEAKER_L: it is. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, loud and clear.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I I can I can't see like the bottom half of your face, They're perfect.
SPEAKER_R: Better awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Mm
SPEAKER_R: So I was just reading over the the instructions of what we need to do and it says we need to talk for 25 minutes. So I have a timer here, but I don't know what we're supposed to talk about.
SPEAKER_L: I think that they're just trying to see what natural conversations look like. So um what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name is Tracy.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: What about
SPEAKER_L: Rose.
SPEAKER_R: nerds?
SPEAKER_L: I'm Rose, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Rose awesome to meet you as well. So I guess like basic questions are, where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: I meant
SPEAKER_R: What state?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Seattle Washington, where you at?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'm in Atlanta Georgia.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I have friends that are from Atlanta. I've never been there though.
SPEAKER_R: So I actually just moved here recently um from Raleigh north Carolina. I don't know if you've heard of it, but um I moved here maybe about nine months ago, so I kind of was able to get out a little bit before all the craziness started, but I haven't really got to explore a lot of Atlanta. So looking forward to things going back to normal, I guess you could say so I can see, you know, I want to go to the aquarium. There is a lot of things that I want to do here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I've heard that's kind of a cool city. Um I've heard differently about the state in general, but I've heard the atlantic could be a cool place to visit
SPEAKER_R: Atlanta is like a little island
SPEAKER_L: paul.
SPEAKER_R: in its, in its own, it's not anything like the rest of Georgia. Like I've seen some other places like savannah is really nice. It's just a different vibe though. Um Yeah, it's very different. I don't know how Atlanta got to be the way that it is, what it is. Very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it's fascinating when, where there's money, there tends to be more diversity and more opportunity and more liberal thinking. But
SPEAKER_R: It is very much so more that might be what it is. It might be a little more liberal and progressive than a lot of the rest of the state. Especially coming from Raleigh, which they're like trying to get progressive in eyes. It seems like Atlanta is like light years ahead of ahead of the game. Tell
SPEAKER_L: That's good to
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: hear.
SPEAKER_R: stuff about Seattle. I have never been, I don't know anybody from there,
SPEAKER_L: Um You said you've never been to the west Coast. Um
SPEAKER_R: California but not Seattle. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean it's hard to say because I haven't spent any time like where you're at but I'm very biased towards thinking the west coast is the best.
SPEAKER_R: Rest is the Vatican.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's just so beautiful here we have such a concentration of like tree canopy um and there's just so many like rivers and streams and the mountains and it's just a really beautiful place. Um.
SPEAKER_R: I need to make my way out there. I see some art in the background that sounds exactly like what you're mentioning. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: That made me think exactly like okay did you paint that or something?
SPEAKER_L: no that was a that was a buy on Ebay.
SPEAKER_R: It looks really nice in it. Whatever you whatever you're just describing, what I'm looking at that and I'm thinking maybe this is what Seattle looks like.
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty gorgeous. Um There's mount right near, it's one of the tallest mountains and the lower continental 48. It's just kind of crazy like looking out of out of it this huge peak out of nowhere and then there's the olympics and then the cascades and there's lots of hikes and the air quality isn't great in Seattle because you know it's an urban but it's a lot better than it is in a lot of other cities. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Now that I haven't heard of it's like an echo, can you hear that?
SPEAKER_L: um It might be it maybe it's the motor of my computer. Is that what you're hearing?
SPEAKER_R: I thought I heard like myself, maybe it's just me
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: um well it's okay I think there's no way for me to like I can't meet myself because you have to hear me talk and now it's gone. Okay so speaking of hiking so do you do you hike often there?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah we try to um I really like backpacking. Um No but I'm getting older so it's like I'm kind of getting to that point in my life where if I don't start doing it more it's gonna be too late. So
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: we have this little bit of a sense of urgency to get
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: back into it more but it's not easy.
SPEAKER_R: no um actually the day before yesterday I went to, I don't know if you have ever heard of it, It's called Stone Mountain and it is just like a huge, it's kind of smooth too I guess they like resurfaced it, it's a huge mountain I guess some battles were fought there but I went hiking there the other day and I haven't been I haven't done any climbing or hiking in maybe two years. I did a lot more in north Carolina because we have all those great places to hike there. So I thought I would be ready. I like stretched, I have my water, I had snacks maybe like halfway through. I was like this and he's kicking my butt. I was like I have to get out here more often I guess. Like it's different than working out because I do I feel like I work out pretty often, but it's different than working out because you're like climbing up upwards instead of just like using your body to do like lift weights. And so I realized halfway through that I did not have on the right shoes because I don't, when I moved here I just got rid of a lot of stuff. I was like I need some like legit hiking shoes, I need some better socks. I was like this is not good. I was not, I thought I was set up, but I was not. We did make it to the top though and took a nice rest and eight and then on the way down and I was like okay, this should be a little bit easier and it was easier, like cardio wise, but you know coming down how your legs,
SPEAKER_L: It's hard
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: on your
SPEAKER_R: start
SPEAKER_L: name
SPEAKER_R: feeling
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: it on your knees and your quads. So I think I'm going to try and go again next week and try and like make it a habit of going like two or three times a month.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: So I think that would be interesting to check out when I do make it over there to Washington.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you would love it, but
SPEAKER_R: That sounds
SPEAKER_L: I know what I know what you're saying though. It's it's when your body does anything that's a little bit different.
SPEAKER_R: Different.
SPEAKER_L: It's just like, oh like if I were to swim right now, it just would not be good. Not that I've ever been a good swimmer, but just it's something that it's so hard for me to do because I didn't do it younger and so like when I get in a pool now, it's like I just struggle. Um but like any kind of different activity, I just, I don't know if I'm not
SPEAKER_R: Business
SPEAKER_L: used
SPEAKER_R: chair.
SPEAKER_L: to it. It's just there's this curve to where it takes a while for me to get used to it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: maybe if you, did you get in a couple of times a few times a month or something, if it's something that you would be interested in doing the hiking, I'm gonna have to get back into it because I was like whoa it has been a couple of years so that maybe why it was so hard.
SPEAKER_L: So why'd you move to Atlanta?
SPEAKER_R: I actually got married,
SPEAKER_L: Congratulations,
SPEAKER_R: you know, thank
SPEAKER_L: how's
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: that going?
SPEAKER_R: it's going really good. Really good. It was it was her idea to go. So I was like okay, I didn't want to get up that early to go that day, but I was like, okay, I need to do this, I need to do something different than just working out and it was great. But yeah, that's why I moved here,
SPEAKER_L: Congratulations. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, marriage, I have been married how long? 11 years, but we've been together over 20. And let me tell you, it's a lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. We're not even a full year in. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: it is, it is a lot of work, but I mean if you if you want to do it, which is, that's where we're at, like we want to do this, so it's been good so far, but
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: we're still
SPEAKER_L: as well.
SPEAKER_R: compared to you also.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah just as long as you never never give up and keep working really hard every single day. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: like if you're very different and like to do different things or, you know, maybe you're not used to living with someone all the time that's been that's been the newest adjustment is like waking up someone's there going to bed,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: someone's been here.
SPEAKER_L: fresh. So
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: your wife already lived in Atlanta and so you moved from north Carolina so you must really love her to move? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And I wasn't, I wasn't really for quite some time to, I was there for like maybe eight years, about eight years. So I think it was, I had kind of outgrown it. It was, it was a good move though. It was a good decision. I do like it here. It's just like I said when I, when I got here, that's when things started like shutting down. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So now you're really getting to know each other because you're both stuck in the house together.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And it's funny that you said that because um I'll keep getting these surveys asking about, you know what it's like being in quarantine with your partner and all this stuff and I'm like for the most part it's going really great, but they'll ask some really interesting questions like have
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: ever
SPEAKER_L: you think,
SPEAKER_R: wanted to like, have you ever wanted to commit like a crime against your partner? And I'm like, whoa,
SPEAKER_L: Whoa, I haven't
SPEAKER_R: some of them
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: that one.
SPEAKER_R: them. It's all on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: is um prolific has been kind of a new thing to me since the I just kind of got on since the virus started, my sister does it for passive income and I was like
SPEAKER_R: Isil.
SPEAKER_L: oh my god I have to do something. Do you? So is this what you doing anything else to make money? Like are you both unemployed right now? Like what's your situation? Oh
SPEAKER_R: So we have two small businesses. Um one of them is based around plant based eating and smoothies and we just deliver around the local Atlanta area and the other one is plant based like body butters and we sell sage and Paula santo and incense and things like that. So that's why that's what we are working on together. But of course, like, you know, times are crazy. So I had to find something. I had actually signed up for prolific maybe two years ago. Um I was on a, yeah, I don't know if you're on reddit. Okay. So I was on reddit in a subreddit called Beer money for years, like maybe six years. It's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: just one
SPEAKER_L: Their money
SPEAKER_R: beer money has nothing to do with alcohol. It's just away
SPEAKER_L: Side
SPEAKER_R: ways
SPEAKER_L: hustle.
SPEAKER_R: to make extra money. Yeah. And I had been on there for years and someone posted on there about prolific. Excuse me. And I didn't really understand the concept. They were like, it's a platform where people come in and have studies and you do the studies. And I'm like, that doesn't sound like surveys like what I'm used to, I used to do all the little survey sites before, but what I find that's different about prolific this time around because I signed up a few years ago and didn't do anything with it because I didn't really understand how to do it and then I got back on it maybe six months ago, right around when um actually lost my job and then things started going like a little haywire and so I was like, maybe I should really pay attention is prolific thing and see what's happening because people keep posting their earnings and beer money. So that's why I came back to it and I've had really good, really, really good experience with it so far. Um What was different from the first time is that they have a way, there was like a little orientation when you first sign up. I don't know if you saw that. It showed you like how to fill out your about, about you section, how the studies work, all that. So I thought for some reason everybody could see that, but maybe it depends on when you signed up.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I'll look into that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how long have you been on if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: maybe three months. Three or four months. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: When we make sure that you filled out the about you section, Okay. And sometimes they ask you to update it because they'll have a couple of new questions and then I'll notice I'll get a bunch of influx of surveys when I do it that way. But I have found that I've made on average 50 to 75 a month extra. Mm hmm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: it's been
SPEAKER_L: Outside.
SPEAKER_R: going pretty
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: something. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you know, check out that beer money.
SPEAKER_L: I will.
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: read it. And also, I don't know if you're just looking for extra stuff, but also work work online that subreddit, sometimes they have good stuff as well.
SPEAKER_L: cool. So do you have other things that you do that you like to make extra income?
SPEAKER_R: Outside of like surveys and studies. Not right now, I've actually been looking to see what else I could do. Um There are some things that I used to do, we're like kind of like um merchandising for stores and there's a whip. There's an app called survey merchandiser. If you just go through like your, I don't know if you have an android or iphone, but
SPEAKER_L: Hi Tony.
SPEAKER_R: so I think it would be in the Apple store, it's called serve a merchandiser. And um they have like these little jobs that you can do and they add up. So what I'll do is turn it into a route. So the other day I did them for um a like a pancake, this pancake company, they needed stickers coupons put on their boxes that are on the shelf. And I just, they mailed me the stickers for free. Just take the stickers to the store. I went as early as possible where it's going to be quiet and a lot of people. And then they asked me to take a picture of what the shelf looks like beforehand and then put the stickers on, take a picture of after, make sure it looks nice because they're basically like a third party worker for that particular product, that company. And so um I did like maybe five of those and they paid eight each, so that was 40 books. And then took me not even six days to get paid out for it. Now those do require you to go to the store, so I don't know how comfortable you feel with being outside of the house are going to a store, but right now I'm just like whatever little things that I can do, but I have a lot of things that I used to do in Raleigh that I'm like trying to fill them out with Covid right now um to try and make extra money outside of the house as well as inside. But do you have questions like I could give you a whole list? We still have like nine minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean if you don't mind me taking notes while you're talking.
SPEAKER_R: Not at all. Um Okay so make sure that you go to the beer money. So I read it like I said because they list out a whole bunch of stuff, the very first thing that you want to look at is um who paid? It's like it should be a pinned at the top of that separate. It will be like who paid me for the month. And so that's where I really started to kinda try to get strategic with how I was making the money because if other people are getting paid out of it that you know it's legit, right? So I started their prolific is something I do every single day. That's one thing. Let me get my little list out. I was also thinking maybe we don't know each other. But what do you think if I like came up with a site? I've seen these all the time but like a site that has all this stuff listed out and then show people how to use these different ways to make money. Is that something that would be interesting or you would like go and check every day or something or once a week?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I think so. I'm definitely I mean my life is changing so much right now that it's like I'm trying to just really learn about passive income in general. so yeah, I definitely think I would check out on site like that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So prolific. For sure. Like has been bringing me in, like I said 50 to 75. So then there are these other sites that are there not surveys, but you have to fill out qualifying surveys to get into the studies. Have you done any of the, any of those?
SPEAKER_L: No, I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So one is called respondent, R E. S P O N. D E N. T. And so on there. Um you just fill out surveys about yourself if you want to do a video chat like this and they pay way better. I just got paid for one last week for 100 and $15 for two hours.
SPEAKER_L: Damn, that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: one, it was, if you think about the math to do it, it's like maybe I took an hour to fill out like 50 qualifiers and then I got like two studies that paid me $300 to me. That's worth it. So it's, it's not a survey site, it's a site um for studies and then another one that's like that is called user interviews. That
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: how how much how much are you bringing in a month doing all all of this combined?
SPEAKER_R: it depends. I'm tracking right now. So before I lost my job I was still doing little stuff on the side. I was making 300 because I have I'm a google sheets. I used to be into excel a lot and I'm a google sheets freak. So I started like 300 in december of nine last year. Now I have moved into 780 for may.
SPEAKER_L: wow girl. Good for
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you. Thank you. I mean anybody can do it. This is not like, you know it's like surveys and studies. It's not how it's not testing your intelligence or anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: There's no right or wrong way to do it.
SPEAKER_R: No it's just a matter of having the patience and the time to put into this stuff. I'm trying to get to 1000 a month. Almost there. Um I think I need to just be charting out more of these qualifiers. So yes the next one was user interviews. Oh that
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: one is very much like respondent, you just pick which everyone you might be interested in signing up for and go from there. And then let me see there is another one that's really good called validate lee
SPEAKER_L: valid
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: date.
SPEAKER_R: validate. L. Y. That one they send you emails. There's no like platform to log into. Um You just well you sign up for it and then you'll get emails and they'll say you have to do the qualifier thing and then when you go from there, let me see. I actually, I've set a goal of $50 a month from them. I have not hit 50. Actually I have, I did. Um, so for three months in a row, $50
SPEAKER_L: so how many hours do you put in a day doing this?
SPEAKER_R: that I have not tracked that I haven't tracked. I really, I would like to um right now I just like whatever I have to do, I do it by the number goal. Like by the end of the day I need to have made a certain amount. You know what I mean? But I do need to start tracking the hours. That would probably be helpful. Also another good one. It's called user testing.
SPEAKER_L: user testing.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. That one is a little different. That one is like how, how you interact with different sites. People just want people that make the sites like product managers and ux people, they want to know how you interact with the site and you have to talk and we'll do that. It's not always on video, it's usually just like they just want to hear your voice and you'll just go through the website and they do like a little training so that you can get a feel for it because sometimes it's weird like you're just talking out loud but they want to hear how you're walking through the website. You'll see when you go into the the subreddit people are making fairly good money with those top ones and then you know as you get more familiar on your downtime you just look and see what other people are making money on. But I've figure like that's the easy way to figure out how people are making extra money.
SPEAKER_L: So it was beer money and then there was another Reddit site that you mentioned. What was the other one?
SPEAKER_R: Um That one was work online.
SPEAKER_L: I'll work online. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that one is more like consistent money or like if you want to do customer service like there's a lot of companies that will send you headset train you and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: then you'll have like an actual schedule. But yeah, that is what I have. I'm happy that I could share something with someone.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: You're so welcome,
SPEAKER_L: um we still have a few minutes.
SPEAKER_R: we do. That's all that I have for right now for that. Um But yeah, so are you working or you're not working right
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: now?
SPEAKER_L: my husband and I both work in restaurants, so nobody is working in restaurants right now.
SPEAKER_R: that's rough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's I mean we both are high risk, like I have asthma and he has lung are sorry liver disease, so we're just kind of like not feeling like we want to go back to work until there's a vaccine. I'm just trying to find a way to bring in some income to kind of stabilize us until we have more options.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Well these might change the game because they're helping me out. I mean I went from two I think I did like 2 98 in december and now I'm at 700 something. I'm not on the computer all day. And the good thing about those ones I was telling you about with the qualifiers, you you know you sit there for maybe a couple hours during the day filling out your qualifiers and then you'll have stuff set up you know maybe for different weeks during the month and so then you can schedule your life around that stuff. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So there is some some way that you can schedule in free time. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: it's there will be like what availability do you have in the month of july or for next week? So it's not I mean it's up to you how you want to schedule it but that's
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: working out for me but it has been rough it's been a little rough but just keep pushing what kind of restaurant where you working at? I like to eat. We have one minute
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just like thinking about dinner right
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: now. It's
SPEAKER_L: don't know
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: seriously,
SPEAKER_R: almost six here.
SPEAKER_L: that's always like, it's always like what's for lunch in, what's for dinner? Um Yeah, I worked for Tom Douglas, he's an iron chef. He but he owns a lot of restaurants in the area and it was a restaurant called serious pie, but it just specialized in like really nice smaller pizzas.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that sounds so good.
SPEAKER_L: It was so good. Um If you like to cook, I know a really great pizza crust recipe, you want to write it, Not write down the recipe, but I can tell you what the website is. Um Harold. I gotta find it really quick though. I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_R: well it's fine
SPEAKER_L: Um Let's say mm But yeah this pizza crust is incredible. It's a must must make, it's going to take me a few minutes to find it because
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. I don't mind going over a couple of minutes for a good pizza crust because I've just been you probably don't have it on the west coast but we just get our pizza crust at publix. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no we don't have that. It's pretty good though.
SPEAKER_R: So good. And just make like a garlic butter sauce and put it on there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So it's um if you just type in uh it's javelina but it's G. J. E. L. I. N. A. Pizza dough. And
SPEAKER_R: D.
SPEAKER_L: the recipe
SPEAKER_R: J. E. L. I. N. A. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: GJ Area and then it's it's on forward dot com. But I'm telling you this pizza dough recipe is worth your time. I didn't think pizza dough could be this good out of the house. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm excited. We cook
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: all of our meals here all day, every day is tiring but it's worth it.
SPEAKER_L: your business is sound really cool by the way
SPEAKER_R: You can check us out, we're trying to figure out how to ship stuff like we're doing everything locally right now but we love to find a way to be able to ship smoothies, but you can check this out at blended soul smoothie bar dot com.
SPEAKER_L: blended soul smoothie bar dot com because I have a few friends in Atlanta. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. Yeah. Plant based vegan and we will deliver delivered to some dental offices and usually office is really like to get stuff like that here. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna let my friends in Atlanta know about you.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. And we're on instagram so just let them know. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So cool talking to you. I can't tell you how relieved I was to see another woman on the computer screen. I was like, oh my God, it's going to be some dude from like the east Coast or something.
SPEAKER_R: Being weird. No we don't have time for that.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I'm so glad. It was really good talking with you too. And just some human interaction.
SPEAKER_L: I know right? What a treat. What a treat.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you so much. I hope you have a good evening. And I don't I don't think there's anything else we need to do except I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: if we're supposed to close this
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: or.
SPEAKER_L: we click over to the other tab and then push the red button. I'm not sure what to do. Are we closing when we're done with the conversation? Is that what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: happens?
SPEAKER_R: see. Do not move on to the next page until you've opened the conversation in a new tab. You will not be able to go back to this page and you will not be able to begin your conversation. Okay. You should see a timer timer starts remember keep the conversation for at least 25 minutes. Which we have done. I don't know what happens when we click the button.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, I think that if you go, if you push the bottom red but bottom red button on the right, then it will take us to a survey that we fill out. But I think we can close this now, right? Because the conversation has ended. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: It was nice talking with you
SPEAKER_L: You to
SPEAKER_R: virus