Oh, you might, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I
it is. Can you hear me?
Well, I I can I can't see like the bottom half of your face, They're perfect.
Mm
I think that they're just trying to see what natural conversations look like. So um what's your name?
I'm
Rose.
I'm Rose, nice to meet you.
I meant
I'm in Seattle Washington, where you at?
Okay. I have friends that are from Atlanta. I've never been there though.
Yeah. Um I've heard that's kind of a cool city. Um I've heard differently about the state in general, but I've heard the atlantic could be a cool place to visit
paul.
It is, it's fascinating when, where there's money, there tends to be more diversity and more opportunity and more liberal thinking. But
That's good to
hear.
Um You said you've never been to the west Coast. Um
Well I mean it's hard to say because I haven't spent any time like where you're at but I'm very biased towards thinking the west coast is the best.
I mean it's just so beautiful here we have such a concentration of like tree canopy um and there's just so many like rivers and streams and the mountains and it's just a really beautiful place. Um.
yeah
no that was a that was a buy on Ebay.
It's pretty gorgeous. Um There's mount right near, it's one of the tallest mountains and the lower continental 48. It's just kind of crazy like looking out of out of it this huge peak out of nowhere and then there's the olympics and then the cascades and there's lots of hikes and the air quality isn't great in Seattle because you know it's an urban but it's a lot better than it is in a lot of other cities. Yeah. Uh huh.
um It might be it maybe it's the motor of my computer. Is that what you're hearing?
I'm
sorry.
Uh Yeah we try to um I really like backpacking. Um No but I'm getting older so it's like I'm kind of getting to that point in my life where if I don't start doing it more it's gonna be too late. So
we have this little bit of a sense of urgency to get
back into it more but it's not easy.
It's hard
on your
name
is.
wow, that's good.
Yeah you would love it, but
I know what I know what you're saying though. It's it's when your body does anything that's a little bit different.
It's just like, oh like if I were to swim right now, it just would not be good. Not that I've ever been a good swimmer, but just it's something that it's so hard for me to do because I didn't do it younger and so like when I get in a pool now, it's like I just struggle. Um but like any kind of different activity, I just, I don't know if I'm not
used
to it. It's just there's this curve to where it takes a while for me to get used to it. Yeah.
So why'd you move to Atlanta?
Congratulations,
how's
that going?
Congratulations. That's awesome.
Um Yeah, marriage, I have been married how long? 11 years, but we've been together over 20. And let me tell you, it's a lot of work.
lot of work.
I think
as well.
Well yeah just as long as you never never give up and keep working really hard every single day. Uh huh.
it's
fresh. So
your wife already lived in Atlanta and so you moved from north Carolina so you must really love her to move? Uh huh.
So now you're really getting to know each other because you're both stuck in the house together.
And
make
you think,
Whoa, I haven't
seen
that one.
So
is
that
is um prolific has been kind of a new thing to me since the I just kind of got on since the virus started, my sister does it for passive income and I was like
oh my god I have to do something. Do you? So is this what you doing anything else to make money? Like are you both unemployed right now? Like what's your situation? Oh
It's
Their money
Side
hustle.
Uh huh. I'll look into that
maybe three months. Three or four months. Yeah.
Hello.
Outside.
It's
something. Okay.
I will.
Well
cool. So do you have other things that you do that you like to make extra income?
Hi Tony.
Yeah. I mean if you don't mind me taking notes while you're talking.
Yeah. I mean I think so. I'm definitely I mean my life is changing so much right now that it's like I'm trying to just really learn about passive income in general. so yeah, I definitely think I would check out on site like that. Uh huh.
No, I haven't.
Damn, that's
good.
So
how how much how much are you bringing in a month doing all all of this combined?
wow girl. Good for
you.
There's no right or wrong way to do it.
Mhm
valid
date.
so how many hours do you put in a day doing this?
user testing.
So it was beer money and then there was another Reddit site that you mentioned. What was the other one?
I'll work online. Okay.
No.
Thank you.
um we still have a few minutes.
No
my husband and I both work in restaurants, so nobody is working in restaurants right now.
Yeah, but it's I mean we both are high risk, like I have asthma and he has lung are sorry liver disease, so we're just kind of like not feeling like we want to go back to work until there's a vaccine. I'm just trying to find a way to bring in some income to kind of stabilize us until we have more options.
So there is some some way that you can schedule in free time. Yes.
You
know?
do
I?
I
don't know
seriously,
that's always like, it's always like what's for lunch in, what's for dinner? Um Yeah, I worked for Tom Douglas, he's an iron chef. He but he owns a lot of restaurants in the area and it was a restaurant called serious pie, but it just specialized in like really nice smaller pizzas.
It was so good. Um If you like to cook, I know a really great pizza crust recipe, you want to write it, Not write down the recipe, but I can tell you what the website is. Um Harold. I gotta find it really quick though. I'm so sorry.
Um Let's say mm But yeah this pizza crust is incredible. It's a must must make, it's going to take me a few minutes to find it because
no we don't have that. It's pretty good though.
So it's um if you just type in uh it's javelina but it's G. J. E. L. I. N. A. Pizza dough. And
the recipe
GJ Area and then it's it's on forward dot com. But I'm telling you this pizza dough recipe is worth your time. I didn't think pizza dough could be this good out of the house. So
Wait,
your business is sound really cool by the way
blended soul smoothie bar dot com because I have a few friends in Atlanta. So
I'm gonna let my friends in Atlanta know about you.
Yeah. So cool talking to you. I can't tell you how relieved I was to see another woman on the computer screen. I was like, oh my God, it's going to be some dude from like the east Coast or something.
No,
I know right? What a treat. What a treat.
I
think,
I think
we click over to the other tab and then push the red button. I'm not sure what to do. Are we closing when we're done with the conversation? Is that what
happens?
Um Well, I think that if you go, if you push the bottom red but bottom red button on the right, then it will take us to a survey that we fill out. But I think we can close this now, right? Because the conversation has ended. Okay.
All right.
You to