wait.
Hello,
how
are you? Good. I can't see anything yet. Oh there we go. Oh.
Oh I hope my computer doesn't mess up. Uh huh.
I can see, I can see. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Hi, how are you?
Yeah. Good good. My name is Stephanie.
That's right. Hi terry.
So
where
do
you?
my kid is hiding, kitty, kitty kitty. I have a big fat cat normally he likes to lay over in the window. He's don't want me. I gotta finish my cigarette. Yeah, I've
done
so many of these and people, wow. And so uh this is the third day in a row, so I'm finally I'm glad you're finally here.
$14 is much better. Whatever you actually get to talk to somebody.
I have
I've
had that happen three the past three days. I've had it happen The past
three
days.
Good good. Me too. So where do you live?
I have relatives in cocoa beach.
I've never
I've never been to florida. I've never been to florida but I'm getting there, hold on, let me shut my door. Yeah.
Yeah. I can't get rid of my window in the background but I can get rid of the door.
I'm in
Maryland.
I'm about an hour outside of Baltimore in Hagerstown. Um
You can come up 95.
Yeah. I've been,
am like that. I've been down, I go down 95 to go to um South Carolina, North Carolina have friends and to be island Georgia. I get to Savannah a lot.
So I'm 195 a lot. But my my biggest set is I like driving at night because
I like to go 95 or 95. And my boyfriend oh he, he's like, oh my gosh, you stop, stop, slow down, slow down. And I mean I traveled about 85, 90, but you know, there that long straightaways,
at night. the last time we drove down there, um, it was last
March
and it was snowing when we left. Or it was, it was nice up
here when, when we left, but when I got into like north Carolina, it was snow and while raining and then south Carolina, it was snowing. So by the time I got to Savannah, I had done been through like three seasons overnight. I've been through three seasons.
So yeah, I'm real familiar with that stretch of 95, but
I've never made it to Florida almost,
but not yet.
What?
And
I love it. Yeah.
We
have started going to the, the ST Patrick's Day, the Saint Patrick's Day festivities. Um, we didn't go this past year. Thank God because the covid stuff, But we, um, we went the year before and, and we, we went like four or five years before that. But I love savannah. Like I, I could, I've really, I've considered, we've considered moving there a lot, but my boyfriend's a fisherman and so we got a boat when we go out, we go fishing every weekend. And so we, but we go up into pennsylvania up to, there's a lake. Um, it's like raised town, but we, we go up there like I'm getting ready to cook everything for, to take tomorrow so we can go and, you know, we're trying to get all the boat in that we can before, before the season's over because I mean we can, we'll go down to a little boat ramp and just go up the river and stuff around here. But it's not the same as going on the lake. I mean we've got a little crappy, but we got a little crap. I mean we don't have, it's not a big, you know, fancy better. Not just efficient. Like I guess it's a bass boat or I'm not really even sure. But uh, I go for the tanning and the drinking and he goes for the fishing and the boating. So it works out good. Hmm. I forget what I was even saying before that I was, I'm sitting here looking at my chickens on out. CNN my chicken is ready because I'll cook a bunch of chicken out. Like I'm going to make barbecue chicken
fried chicken and it's a big chicken All at once because I've got like 2000 Children today. Uh, we don't like to eat a lot of red meat, but so I'm getting ready to, my mind is racing about cooking because that's basically all I do. Coco. Coco.
We do it.
See see my boyfriend, he loves hamburgers. He he could cook and eat hamburgers every day every day. And I'm like, good Lord. You know, you he thinks he's doing good, she buys the lean meat and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. You know, you're just
no, no, but he don't listen to me. So I cook
as much chicken as I can and I'll purposely like not bag it up, like, oh well, I forgot. Oops. Mhm. Right. And you sit here taxi made out, what are you going to do to that chicken? We got a new smoker, a new smoker grill, and but you've got to use charcoal with it and I like messing with the technical, but I got these tongs and so he comes home the other day and he says, well, I thought you didn't know how to I thought you didn't know how to charcoal. I'm like, what is there to it? I put some charcoal fluid on there and I lit it up and I'm cooking. So I think all right, he's like stay away from the grill, keep it away from the trees. Don't put it in the middle of the driveway. He's flu. Uh huh.
Thank you. Come home and cook. Don't put it, build a driveway. Good Lord.
No,
not
really. I live on a farm. I live on a farm in a mobile home caught in the back, but it's like a dentist's office. And I mean, I'm only like five minutes outside of town. I got a lot
of friends in town, but there's so much so much crime and drugs and and stuff in there. Like the other night I was at my friend's house and and somebody um they found a body in the the little store out back like I was like what the hell. So yeah I mean it's like I live in Hagerstown which is about about an hour and a half outside of Baltimore but I'm from western Maryland, like far far western Maryland um which is about another hour and a half away from me so I'm like kind of like right in the middle of Maryland if you're looking long ways. Oh I'm wondering if it's gonna warm up today or I actually tried my air conditioner off last night, I got cold.
Help.
Well
there's,
what?
I know it's been hot as hell up here like it's been in the 90s damn there every day for well not here the past like week but like last month. Oh my goodness. Like oh my goodness. I mean it's just because you know, I'm not used to that. But I I like it because I like the farther down south I go, the better off. I can't kitty, the better off I am because I don't like cold. I like warp. Where's
my kitty? Come on. Trying to get my big fat cat out kitty cat. Hey dad, he's fine. Dead asleep when he's dead asleep with my young for him here. You know, I got like, yeah make a big bang or make a loud boys and then for him to come out and he'll be like, oh what like uh huh.
Uh huh. What's he chases up?
Oh, I see
my cat coming up last night and walked right up on me like wake up, what the hell do you want? Get off me.
The marketing, come here. Where are you at Storm? He's not coming out
kick it. I'll go open a can of tuna fish. He'll show up
open
any catering. I could
open a can of canned
green
beans and it'll be like what you're doing.
Anything that we can look now. My boyfriend's like just wait till I get home and we'll cook together.
Well,
uh huh. He must want to do something special with something because well that and it's his lunchtime so he's eating and he's just think about food.
He needs to work more and text me last gosh, I don't know how he makes any money. I swear. I don't know how he terms trees. I don't know how it happened like I don't know hell Oh it's starting to get warm in here. I think it's
all in my head. That domestic fan of them. Okay. Oh. Oh my
goodness.
Is 1119 already, wow.
Well then you shouldn't be doing this type of thing.
Right. Right.
Do you like anything? Uh huh.
Do you have any kids or anything?
that's
here. I graduated high school
Wolf.
my
high school sweetheart, uh, we, we were together all through high school all four years, but then he went in the Air Force, he was a year ahead of me and then he ended up, he was murdered down north Carolina. Yeah. and so like 98 was and 98 was the the trial. And we just got notification. I'm still in touch with his grandparents, his family and whatnot. And the people that killed him just got out of jail like last last year. What? Because nobody really ended up being responsible for it. It was like a gang and like all the members of the gang were charged, but they were all like nobody really got charged for like the murder. It's messed up. But I'd have married him, might have married him. Yeah because after we broke up
and then we were getting back together and it was just crazy. So yeah, I don't have any kids. I never been married thing.
I just got pregnant for the first time last year. I'm 44 years old, but I lost it. So now I'm like, yeah, I know because I always thought I always thought I couldn't get pregnant. Well now I know I can now I'm like scared, I'm too old now. I don't want to
do
it now. I
got
needs this and nothing. I don't want the kids now.
My first
little nephew just just turned three and he is he's going to be my little, my little man. Like. He's so dames. Leo. He's so cute. He calls me on video all the time because they love an hour away. He'll call me on video and he'll say, what's a pop and pop it. Ed steffi. Mhm. Uh huh.
Yeah.
well
you
guys should be switched.
I
wear flip flops. 24 365 days a year. All the time.
I would.
Hello?
What?
No.
Be changes it
What?
Do we get extra money
if we stay on longer
or
no?
I could remember.
we made it. Yeah.
All right. Yeah.
Your
tail.
I'm going to cook.
Have
day.
What?
All right. You two
later.