Yeah, No. Hello? Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Over Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh It's Oh Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Right. Yes. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, wow. What? Oh
hey there,
how are
you?
who?
And you can't say. I mean, I think it's a lot of these talks.
Do it. Right. All right, All by yourself.
Hi Stephanie. I'm carrie.
And this guy is gonna be
showing
up
probably.
So this is my tat ruckus. Yeah.
On
earth.
Yeah. Yeah, I am yeah, earlier in this round because a couple months ago I did around and I spoke to someone on the first attempt. So when they started up this round back at the end of july yeah, I signed up and like five times in a row I, you know, had a no show, you know which I mean, you paid a buck something whatever for wasting five minutes, so no big deal, you know? Right? But yeah, at the same time as you know,
Oh yeah, exactly. You know? And yeah, yeah. You know, so it's like, yeah, okay. I blocked blocked an hour on my time. Doesn't take a whole hour, but I'm the sort of person, you know, if I'm gonna do something like this, Yeah, I set aside extra time. So, and I'm working from home, which is, which is fine and actually make my own hours right? Which is even better, but still it's just the whole idea, you know? Okay, I blocked this time out, you know, and I understand things happen, but you know, like I said like four times in a row, maybe five in a row over, over like a week and a half period. Like I kept getting no shows. I'm like, man, you know, what
problem
do you?
No.
Is
it so lisa is not me. I don't feel so bad anymore.
I'm in central florida. I'm about halfway between Daytona Beach and in Orlando and then a smaller city called Deltona.
Okay. All right. Yeah, that's the coco is probably about cocoa about an hour and a half of me, depending
on.
Yeah.
right now. Um, so where are you from?
I
know,
I've been through Maryland. I've never stayed or stopped in Maryland, but growing up, I grew up in florida, but my parents were from Jersey. And so every, every year for summer we could drive up to Jersey and new york pennsylvania maine. My my husband.
Yes. Right up 95. Yeah. And then back in the 90s used to go to trends usually about once or twice a year for about three or four years zero. We would go up, I was married at the time and we do a road trip. Now it's working. I sometimes our friends and just drive all the way straight through, you know, like, you know, leave late at night, leave late late at night and get there the next evening and just do it straight through and take you on the drive and sleep in the car as we're driving sort of thing, you know, kind of road tripping, you know, uh You know, we went through Maryland, you know, we stopped and stopped a couple of times getting through to where there was a really camera was called right off the 95. Um not too far far from Baltimore and it was a, it was a 24 hour diner man. They had the best freaking burgers. So every time we went out there, we gotta stop at that diner in Maryland. We can never remember what it's called. And again, this is back in the 90s before everything was on the Internet, you know, so we can like just look it up, you know? So we don't know, We'll be on 95
looking. Oh there it is. There it is. Full overboard. Right,
What?
Hi.
Well, Right.
Have
fun
and
Thank you.
What?
Mm. Right. Right. Yes. Amanda
sometimes, yes. Savannah's not that far Back in the early 2000s. I was dating a girl and she graduated at college. So, um, we, we decided to take a do something fun going to road trip
and uh she was from Savannah called down here in florida and had been since she was a kid, but her grandparents and you know aunts and uncles and all that. We're still in the Savannah area. So we drove out
there for like a four day weekend and uh,
that was a wonderful town. Yeah. I've never been there before. Again been through it, but never really sat there. Um,
and uh,
Who?
Yeah, I get that. Yeah, I'm, I eat red meat, but yeah, I'm definitely, yeah, I was a kid in the 80s in the late 70s, you know, I grew up on red meat and all that. But uh, yeah, you know older, trying to eat more. I mostly chicken when it comes to meet mostly chicken and like fish and seafood and stuff like that. I'll have a steak about
once every six weeks and maybe a burger once a month,
But
now,
I just wanted,
so do you live in like the city uh family
you
know?
Why?
Oh man joe. Right, we're Yesterday was uh past couple days having a horrible yesterday, never got stayed in the 80s yesterday, is that I mean that's good for us This time of year, August in September if we can stay out of the 90s. Um That's pretty uncommon the day before, Let's see. Yeah. Yes there is one Tuesday Um it got warm
in the early afternoon, but then a huge storm came through actually.
Um there was a tornado two towns over from me that took power out for like 11,000 people and Trash a bunch of homes and all that was a category two tornado.
So that was freedom.
But the storm that was associated with that, I'm about 15 minutes from the town that the tornado head. So I wasn't in, you know any danger or whatever, but we got the associated storm, the wind and rain and all that and it I mean it poured um I was driving back from the store going out to get some groceries and all that and I was going back and started raining and then I came in into the rain and I'm like holy cow, you know, by the time I got home so but the worst part was over so they will get on groceries in well against smoking with and um and then like the rest of the day I just had to over cap. I mean it was in the seventies probably the rest of the day, which is like amazing, you know for for florida, the middle summer, you know, you know Most most 91 94° and with the heat factored in it feels like 100 or more, you know? So,
I'm
Oh is a group,
he chases his tail.
Yeah. Yeah he'll do that. Uh sometimes uh you know crawl into bed and sleep with me. I mean he comes and goes during the night, runs in out of the bedroom.
Oh yeah. Yeah he told me that sometimes he's really good about not doing it every now and he'll wake me up all night.
Mhm. Absolutely. And leave me alone. Right.
Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. The same as this guy here
man.
Hey
that for
me.
Yeah. What you got there for me as I'm there. Yeah, I'll do the same thing with him you know like uh last night I was made uh grilled sausages and I uh the kind of not big beans but outside uh black beans and rice for aside and you know just had a cam bush's black beans. I open that up and of course he came running in the kitchen and he heard me open. Yeah, so you picked sucking his face and he's like yeah yeah what does that do? But you know and it's essentially a tuna or chicken out of can or whatever and yeah. How come I never out
what? Mhm. And he's probably thinking man if he cooks them where he's nothing but a chicken
for days,
wrapping around.
there.
Yes
sir.
Yeah, we're doing good. Yeah. Good luck bye faster. I did one of these not not not too bitter up labs but then one of these like back in the beginning of the year and the other person was was just like you know really awkward I guess you know really comfortable talking to strangers or whatever. Um And
yeah and it just drags and I kept trying to guide the conversation, you know trying to say you know what you know let's talk about something because it makes the time go by faster And like the first the 1st 10 minutes Real uncomfortable and awkward about it. And then we finally figured out on something that we both like enjoy talking about and it flew by next thing we our you know that and that one was like 40 minutes. Um We got paid more for but it's 40 minutes. And like so like I said the first minute, the 1st 10 minutes took longer than the last half an hour because uh
we started talking about the movies that we both like and yeah, and the next thing, you know, half an hour. The other half an hour gone by. But like the first time it was like, oh man what are you into? You know like sports? She like you know animals and uh like come on dude, weird for me. Yeah.
he was he was a kid, you know? Yeah. You know, they're just like apathetic about everything, which I don't understand I mean, you know? But uh yeah, he was like college age student was all of that 20 at best. Probably.
No, no, never had any kids. Like I was married back in the 90s uh um high school girlfriend and um Saturday in the high school. We got married in 94 and were
separated.
Okay. Yeah, I graduate, I graduated in 88, graduated in 89 and We got married 94 and we got separated 98 divorce in 2000 and so we're
too young, you know? Um we're too young, too insecure and not a good match. Um we could have been if we worked at it, but again we were too young and too stupid and yeah,
she
No.
and
So
everything,
I
mean,
Yeah, I got I got two nephews, my younger brother has two kids and uh the oldest will turn 20 in November, which I can't believe. I mean, I still remember the first time I saw him, he was only a couple of weeks old and holding him in my arms kind of thing. I had a big bushy beard that time remember I hold him? He looked at me, he was the guys, he just reached, reaches up and got a handful of my beard just like started pulling on as hard as he could, you know? And I remember I remember I was like, oh yeah, but I can take it. I like it don't hurt, it was kind of cool, you know I mean because this is my first nephew, you know? So just hold him. I was like, yeah, I don't want to like of them. Yeah, yeah, I want to hold him as long as I could, you know?
But
Yeah.
My brother lives in name, which
is funny because growing growing up my brother hated the cold and I'm not so in florida, I I don't like the heat. I've never liked to eat always. You know? Give me I'd
rather.
Yeah exactly. Well you know it's a cold now. Um He's a U. S. Marshal and he moved back in 2000 and three. He moved to Virginia because he got assignment to uh the office in D. C. The main office, he's working out there. And then uh then after a couple of years you got transferred to Georgia and was there for a year, year and a half. And then in 2007 he got transferred up to Maine. He's been there ever since. Um Yeah when he moved up so I call him I'm like dude you know why are you in Maine? You know you I mean seriously it would go below 70 his kids and he put on jacket. Hit 69. He's wearing jacket. I'm I wear shorts, isn't in the fifties. I mean I might put on the light jacket or sweatshirt or someone that is, it's like
they,
yeah, I mean I wear jeans probably probably 20 days
out of the year and about 10 of those are because I want to and it's just, it's barely cool enough for me to wear jeans will be comfortable. And the
other 10 days of the year was that, you know, the few 10 days where it goes in the forties and fifties, like all day long. You know, our cold snaps here in florida that you know, usually
23 days at a time as the polar wind comes down
from Canada passes you guys, it comes out to us and we'll dip into day maybe two days at the most and then it warms up again. But yeah, I mean every job I've ever had. Everyone, like for the past 20 years, every job I've had, people have been like, well, you know, it's cold when Terry's wearing jeans all day long. Like I worked uh From 2004 to 2016 hours worked at a Humane Society. And uh so we get there in the morning and have to do all the cleaning before we open to the public and Yes, I get there a hock and on a winter morning, you know, they can be in the 30s or 40s. Yeah, so I'd be wearing jeans and a sweatshirt or whatever, and then I'd bring shorts and, you know, two hours into my shift, you know, once one,
Yeah, I'd be sweating and be in the 50s already and be like, all right, time for short sound. So, so if it didn't change because I I
volunteered um it was a good friend of mine she come out 334 times a week And she came out and I was still wearing because she come after work so she got off work around 1:32:00 then she come out to the shelter and if I was still wearing jeans up and she's like you know it's cold today, you're still wearing that. Thanks.
What?
No.
And
then yeah they cap it at the 14
so it looks like we just hit that.
All right.
All right look nice meeting you good talking
to you
and
all right enjoy
your cooking.
Have
a great weekend. I'm like there and take care
but