SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh good, yeah. Yes. 300 and Coming Back. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thanks Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: in person? Hi, can you hear me? All right.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Then
SPEAKER_R: I think you can. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you and see you me start by time or a year. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: It shows when you're when you go back to the survey link at the bottom just like yeah
SPEAKER_L: but that
SPEAKER_R: the countdown, so
SPEAKER_L: that that one starts right away,
SPEAKER_R: Oh it stopped right away. Ok.
SPEAKER_L: Like it's
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: as soon as that tab opens that timer starts like the
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: first, the first one of these. I did I actually I opened the link like 10 minutes early so
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: fight that that timer was
SPEAKER_R: I see. I guess it's because I always come on time, that's why it sets right away. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I tried yeah, I mean after that, after I realized that I try to do it as close to uh to the start as possible. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right, so where are you from uh started
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: from California, but I'm living in Portland right now
SPEAKER_R: Okay, you live in Portland.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I am uh living in new york city right now, so Oh it's uh it's pretty empty, everyone has moved out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard that's what's happening in Portland too, because you know, we got we got like the protests and stuff, which I mean that stuff happens late at night, like during the day and you go out
SPEAKER_R: It's better
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: it's I mean okay, there's graffiti everywhere and stuff is boarded up, but I don't feel like unsafe, like I'm going to get jumped or something and I don't know, I don't know where people are like moving to like, is it really better somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Um I think like in in New york city just while people are moving because of the like the protests and all that stuff, it's more because of the rents that are high and since, you know, companies allow work from home, you know, it makes it kind of makes sense to just move out. So a lot of my colleagues are moving back home with their parents and others are just moving like in the outside the city. So, you know, like in Jersey, um a bit further north or east west whenever it's
SPEAKER_L: I mean I guess, I guess, I guess it kind of makes sense because all the stuff in the cities that people like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the city four is kind of shut down, like like we're tomorrow Oregon goes into like re lockdown and The gym in my building, there's a gym in it which I like uh and it was closed over the summer and then they reopened it but like it used to be able to 24, you can just walk in now, you have to make an appointment and it's like five people at a time and now because of the order they have to close the gym again. So like, like, like after after this call and the question that I'm going down there and that's the
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: last time I get to do that for a month, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sucks. So it is everything in Portland open right now, are there is like,
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: could you do outdoor dining in their dining? What's, what are the options?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, there's places are doing street dining and again, like we're going back into stricter stuff tomorrow and I think, I think bars are going to have to close. Uh and I assume there will be a reduction on indoor dining, like Oregon hasn't actually had especially bad covid numbers compared to like a lot of other states. But I guess we're were on the rise, we hit, we like there was a big jump like a within the past week and I think you know, I think we're still like doing better than say California or Seattle because we didn't have like a horrible early run but you know the the the numbers can really only go up I guess so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. With, with thanksgiving around the corner for sure. It's gonna blow up. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mean my my family is is back in California. My parents and I have, I normally go and I see them for christmas which
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: this year I'm thinking maybe not but uh but I I've never visited for thanksgiving because I kinda, I kinda just hate airports and dealing with them and I'm like well in like three weeks I'm gonna be going down there for christmas
SPEAKER_R: you're right.
SPEAKER_L: anyway so
SPEAKER_R: This channel.
SPEAKER_L: forget thanksgiving. So I like I I am fully prepared to not do shit for thanksgiving, that's that's every year for me. But
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, christmas, yeah, I guess if you're gonna visit, you just have to like uh you know, take a test and then stay there and crying.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I mean like my brother lives in texas now and like he's going he's going to be visiting them because he already like set this stuff up months back. But just like we're having, you know, the Third Spike or Wave or whatever and you know, I don't, I don't want to get sick, I would feel horrible if I got my parents sick.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's it,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of nervous, I'm just, you know, airports being on a plane. I know that was like, oh we, we make people leave the middle seat open,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: not true, I flew not like a few months ago and yeah they don't they don't keep the middle seat open
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: mean it just seems it just seems like, you know, things are, things are, things are things are getting worse and they haven't stopped getting worse. So it's like, oh yeah, I tell you now, yeah, go ahead. Book the ticket for early in december and I don't know what the hell things are gonna look like in december. I'm assuming they're not going to be better by then. This doesn't seem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah lovely thanksgiving Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like it's like it's gonna work. Uh
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: I interviewed him, my parents have like turned down an invitation to his thanksgiving dinner from their friends and like there when they occasionally have people over but they do like they do masks and sit
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: apart and stuff, so I'm just glad that they're like
SPEAKER_R: careful
SPEAKER_L: taking it seriously because I know I got a lot of friends who are like just I mean for for years, you know, they've been sort of struggling with with family members on various things but this that would be awful. Like I can't I can't even imagine having to what like try and convince my parents to not get themselves killed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's it. My parents to their to Cindy they they've done some outdoor stuff now you know it's it's getting cold so they're just staying inside but yeah you're right, we're lucky we have parents that actually listen and very careful right some other parents they just don't care and they're like oh I have to live my life
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I like sometimes like my parents who are kinda they're fine, they're like supportive and everything but like they're kind of they're not sometimes I wish I had like, cool parents, you know? They were like, talking about, Oh yeah, I smoked weed with my mom. It's great. That's that's not happening with my parents, but I'm but
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: like, I'm glad that they are generally saying that's uh that's not so bad. I guess it turns out
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah you can always quarantine for you know two weeks in a hotel and then see them I don't know if it's worth it yes,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, my parents and my mom had suggested like, you know, yeah, you can just you can quarantine in your bedroom and
SPEAKER_R: remember
SPEAKER_L: because we got like, we were up in a big ish house, so it would be possible theoretically
SPEAKER_R: Portland.
SPEAKER_L: leader to socially distance for two weeks, but Mhm. Like,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I just, like I said, I don't want my parents sick, but also there's all that like the long haul stuff. I don't brain fog, I don't I don't need that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So are you working from home right now or are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: working?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a freelance coder. I'm most of the money I have right now. I've actually been getting through like prolific, which is, which is not a ton, but my, my, my folks actually helped me out with with rent and I live in, I live in student apartments. I'm not a student anymore, but there's no like for this, for the location, this is in Portland. It's like right in downtown by the college, there is nothing anywhere near this like this cheap. What? What? My phone was buzzing. I think it's, I still have a California number, so I get spammed from California, right?
SPEAKER_R: I got time all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you get the ones about that? Say they're from the mary it, because that's what almost
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: of my heart and pick it up. And it's like, oh, thank you for your visit for your stay at Marriott Hotels. And I haven't been to a Marriott hotel and
SPEAKER_R: mm minds is about, I think the car dealership and there's some other like chinese scams going in new york.
SPEAKER_L: I got one this morning. That was a new one. It was like, this is this is Apple, and we've detected some suspicious activity on your iCloud account and
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: phone is an android, first of all. Like the only Apple device I own is an ipod classic, which
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: they don't even make any more.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you do you have any contracts coming up for right now or is it dry?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, I mean like I say, I say I'm a freelance coder, but really, I like, like, I haven't, I haven't actually taken all of any work in a, in a while. I've mostly I've been making, I've been, I've been trying to tinker with like game development stuff. I figure if I can make something fun, maybe charge people a couple of bucks for it. That would be, that would be something. Um That's why I like, I love, like when I, when I learned to code a few years ago I went to a regular code school and I learned web design and stuff, but I really just want to do games like, like I thought that I could maybe get into doing apps like for phones, but it turns out actually app development is kind of awful, a lot of the languages and frameworks for it, a lot of them are kind of a huge pain, and also it turns out that like, you make something, you put it up on the app store, if you want to keep it on there, you are expected to like, do monthly updates on it. So like, you make you make it happen, god forbid on mobile game, and you're never done with it, like, it's just because it's just becomes something I have to find time to update every month. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And you studied computer science or just uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh I I actually, I have a degree from Portland State, but it's in uh criminology and criminal justice, uh which I I find that I find like I enjoyed the classes and stuff for the most part and I find it interesting, but I don't think I'm really cut out for Law enforcement, especially, I finished the degree right at the end of 2016 post election, and I was, and I was like, oh man, I don't know, I don't know if I want to be a cop on in under this administration, and at
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: the time I was like, am I just, and I just saying this because I'm kind of lazy and I don't want to like go through all the stuff to during the police, but you know, now, now after this year,
SPEAKER_R: you might reconsider,
SPEAKER_L: like I, I'm glad I'm not a cop right now, it sounds terrible for a number of reasons.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but with that degree I was under the impression it was it was more for like, I don't know if it was to become a cop, but more like admin stuff, I don't know like detective or
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, to to become a detective, I mean I was when I first started on the degree, I was bigger than like watching law and order rescue and I was like, oh man
SPEAKER_R: That stuff,
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's the that's the life for me, this is surely this is an accurate representation, I'm sure. But it turns out, first of all, no it's not like even even more than you think oh well it's tv they probably fudge some stuff like more than that. Uh But but also the police you have to, you know police is like a a military style rank organization. So you got to start at the bottom and work your way up and like
SPEAKER_R: Sheen.
SPEAKER_L: if you are lucky and super awesome at your job and you like get some sort of a big break, You might become a detective in 10 years. Uh But and yeah, I don't like I don't think you need a criminal justice degree to be
SPEAKER_R: I caught me on.
SPEAKER_L: cop. But like if you have that degree it's not super useful for a whole lot of other other things it turns out.
SPEAKER_R: You see like cops just hanging around all day. That's Yeah. Oh, wow. So
SPEAKER_L: So I wonder what a unit yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I work at a bank. I work in a financial strategy I guess. Um so basically we have a budget um and then, my team basically just allocates that budget two
SPEAKER_L: Based.
SPEAKER_R: to various teams that have various strategies. So you know, you have like credit teams, equity teams and then we just spread out the money based on, you know, various criteria. So I work at a bank right now. I work from home. Um Yeah. So which, and I kind of do like you, it's prolific on the side whenever whatever I can.
SPEAKER_L: I have a friend who works in financial services and he's and he's doing stuff from from home. I think he lives in boston and he said that like with the election of everything he's been yet like it's lot more, a lot more calls coming in wana
SPEAKER_R: A lot of money.
SPEAKER_L: lot of lot of old people who don't really understand how financial services or computers in some cases work. Apparently he
SPEAKER_R: Motion.
SPEAKER_L: was talking about, you were talking the other day he said he had to walk some old guy through like setting up an account. Like he had to explain to the guy how to create a user name and password.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, that's why it's a lot of financial advisors have a job. It's just because most, most older people like the older generation, they're not computer literate, so you know, they can invest on their own or you just use technology to invest I guess. But I work more on the investment banking side, which is we deal more with like um like funds, stuff like that. It's not your regular joe that you know, it's mostly
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: companies and.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't, I don't know a lot of financial stuff. But all I know is I when my grandpa died, he left me. I in, hey, I have an inherited Roth ira from
SPEAKER_R: that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: him and it's got like Around 60 grand in it and they're like fidelity fidelity investments is managing it for me. I yes. And I and I have to take like There's a, there's a minimum amount of money around $800 that I had to take out every year to avoid some sort of penalty,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's good. You have,
SPEAKER_L: although not this year. Apparently something is something in the cares act
SPEAKER_R: Are you going? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: meant that I meant that I don't have to do that. And I kind of feel like I should probably leave the money where it is like that's a smart move. But also I kind of, I'm kind of, I'm kind of enjoyed it. Hope it's the end of the year is coming up, time to get my $800
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and use that for stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I think you have a long time horizon if you you you leave it in there um you know whenever you retire, you it's going to be a big sum, you never know what it could become. Yeah. So yeah. So yeah, that's what I do right now. And um yeah, just working from home, doing prolific. So the reason why I'm doing politic, so this is uh when I was back in college, I used to do a lot of prolific and doing surveys online, so I was doing all of that just just to get a bit of money to go out or just buy stuff. Yeah, a few years ago, that's when I started one thing that might, since you mentioned that you just make it, well, right now, you make you only make your money on prolific, there's like other stuff online that you could do that. That's it, help a lot. There's this, have you done for focus groups?
SPEAKER_L: uh actually I I used to I I used to do focus groups, but of course now you can't put a bunch of people in a room together, so they've been uh they've been a little harder to come by. Actually, the there there's there's a place down here more and it's called free geek. And basically they they help, they they fix old computers and put like Lennox on them and then sell them for cheap or give them to people who and afford computers and they have classes and a shop and all sorts of things. And uh I was going to start volunteering down there because you don't admit to make make some connections. And because if you do 24 after 24 volunteer hours, they actually give you a free computer and I can always use another computer even if it does have Lennox on it, which I just had to figure out how to use. But uh, but I ended up, I was, I was volunteering in their warehouse, like sorting wires and stuff and I ended up in there on what turned out to be the last day. They were open before like everything shut down. This was back in
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: March. And, and the guy who was across the sorting table from me, he actually, he told me that his job, which was, which was like, also, you know, on freeze. Uh, he was, he was like a manager for viewpoint, which is
SPEAKER_R: all right.
SPEAKER_L: focus group company. And his his job was organizing, uh, the focus groups. I was like, oh man, I just do a thing for you guys like a month ago.
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, like I'm signed up for a couple of things with focus groups, but there's like one of them just keeps emailing me stuff that is not, it's, you know, it's like, oh yeah focus group for for single moms, which I am not
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: show.
SPEAKER_R: that there's quite a few now that do it online, they do like nationwide focus groups. Um You should look into that, there's there's a few groups on facebook. Um And yeah. Yeah I've I've done quite a few since the pandemic because you know my schedule quite flexible so sometimes I could squeeze
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like an hour here and there during the day. So you should you should look for these these groups. I think if you enter like focus groups into facebook's there's going to be like a bunch
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: of groups and I don't know which one I think the ones that I get are the private ones but you just request access to it and from there you have access to like nationwide studies and you know I guess that you could do down on zoom or whatever online. It's it's
SPEAKER_L: I tried swag bucks for a little while, but that seems, yeah, the the surveys I got screened out all the time and a lot of the, a lot of the stuff on there, like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you have to spend money first. They like get like, I'm, I'm sure if I am sure that if I invested the time and stuff and like eventually it starts snowballing and but
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't have to I don't I don't have the time to deal with that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's it's a grind. Like I remember when I was in college I I I didn't do this white books I did
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: instead of D. C. Which is similar right? You have like offers where you you buy stuff and then you get money back you know? But it was such a grind to just go through like surveys uh on you know for a few hours just clicking, clicking, clicking
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean what what I like with like the prolific pre screens you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so that you because yeah, on swag bucks, I was constantly, I would put in like 10 minutes into a survey and then all of a sudden it's like it's like, Oh did what kind of car do you drive? I don't drive. Oh well this was for car drivers.
SPEAKER_R: exactly like yeah you're right it's just not designed properly. And like the dollars per hour you make is so low it's just that you have the opportunity to make extra money if you have the time right? But Like you make on average like less than $5 per hour. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I said, like I said, I feel like if you like if you if you invest a certain amount of time and effort then like
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: your your numbers start going up then and maybe it starts to sort parts of it start to sort of run themselves. But yeah, I couldn't see getting to to that point. And I've I've applied to mechanical turk but never heard back and I've heard that like
SPEAKER_R: It's hard
SPEAKER_L: amazon
SPEAKER_R: together
SPEAKER_L: might respond to you instantly or in a week or in several years or never or so.
SPEAKER_R: there. Yeah there's there's community online and ready. I don't know if you use right? It's called Dear Money. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's that's actually where I found uh prolific, like I was googling, you know, on online jobs that are not scams.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's there's that I think there's work online also which is separated but it's like it's those are the ones that are painful. I think the best ways to earn online is like through the focus groups. And also I think there's like transcription apps where you help A.
SPEAKER_L: I yeah, I actually, I signed up, I'm I've signed up for rev last year when I signed up for prolific as well, but I've
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I don't do it as much now because just because it's uh
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: us.
SPEAKER_L: I went for the Youtube captioning side because that pays a little better. Uh but like some some videos are relatively easy and a good use of your time. Others, there are so many Australians who who, you know, I have felt bloated their videos for captioning and it just, they have such big accents and they
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: use
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: such weird slang that I
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: like, I didn't, I didn't episode of some old Australian soap opera once and it was it was a lot of fun because it was like it was an actual tv show and not like you know, some guy talking into a terrible camera about whatever, but like I spent so long on it and I had to keep like stopping and replaying. And there was one character who was his thing on the show was that he's kind of incomprehensible and uses old slang that nobody uses anymore. Like and when I when I got to the end of it like by my, you know my time, per my pain, my dollars per hour was like way too out there. It's just
SPEAKER_R: What is that? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Just hard, it's harder to get a good return on that compared to, you know, a lot of these prolific surveys which are just to answer some questions. Get
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like 80 cents, do that a bunch of times and wow, it's it's five bucks already.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think we're at time have we reached?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. My time. It was just coming to the end there.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Good luck with with everything and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you too.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully you find you find some some some some work or you know. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Have a good one.