in person? Hi, can you hear me? All right.
I think
I think you can. Right,
It shows when you're when you go back to the survey link at the bottom just like yeah
the countdown, so
Oh it stopped right away. Ok.
you're
you're
I see.
all
I see. I guess it's because I always come on time, that's why it sets right away. Right. Yeah.
All right, so where are you from uh started
to
Okay, you live in Portland.
I am uh living in new york city right now, so Oh it's uh it's pretty empty, everyone has moved out.
It's better
more
yeah. Um I think like in in New york city just while people are moving because of the like the protests and all that stuff, it's more because of the rents that are high and since, you know, companies allow work from home, you know, it makes it kind of makes sense to just move out. So a lot of my colleagues are moving back home with their parents and others are just moving like in the outside the city. So, you know, like in Jersey, um a bit further north or east west whenever it's
and
Well,
Yeah, that sucks. So it is everything in Portland open right now, are there is like,
could you do outdoor dining in their dining? What's, what are the options?
Yeah. With, with thanksgiving around the corner for sure. It's gonna blow up. Uh huh.
All
you're right.
This channel.
So yeah, christmas, yeah, I guess if you're gonna visit, you just have to like uh you know, take a test and then stay there and crying.
Yeah that's it,
it's terrible.
that's
not true, I flew not like a few months ago and yeah they don't they don't keep the middle seat open
so
Yeah lovely thanksgiving Yeah
well
but
careful
Yeah that's it. My parents to their to Cindy they they've done some outdoor stuff now you know it's it's getting cold so they're just staying inside but yeah you're right, we're lucky we have parents that actually listen and very careful right some other parents they just don't care and they're like oh I have to live my life
No
yeah yeah you can always quarantine for you know two weeks in a hotel and then see them I don't know if it's worth it yes,
remember
Portland.
Mhm
Yeah. So are you working from home right now or are you
working?
I got time all the time.
I don't
know.
mm minds is about, I think the car dealership and there's some other like chinese scams going in new york.
let's
go.
All
Yeah. So you do you have any contracts coming up for right now or is it dry?
And you studied computer science or just uh
Hi,
you might reconsider,
Yeah, but with that degree I was under the impression it was it was more for like, I don't know if it was to become a cop, but more like admin stuff, I don't know like detective or
That stuff,
Sheen.
I caught me on.
You see like cops just hanging around all day. That's Yeah. Oh, wow. So
I work at a bank. I work in a financial strategy I guess. Um so basically we have a budget um and then, my team basically just allocates that budget two
to various teams that have various strategies. So you know, you have like credit teams, equity teams and then we just spread out the money based on, you know, various criteria. So I work at a bank right now. I work from home. Um Yeah. So which, and I kind of do like you, it's prolific on the side whenever whatever I can.
A lot of money.
Motion.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, that's why it's a lot of financial advisors have a job. It's just because most, most older people like the older generation, they're not computer literate, so you know, they can invest on their own or you just use technology to invest I guess. But I work more on the investment banking side, which is we deal more with like um like funds, stuff like that. It's not your regular joe that you know, it's mostly
companies and.
that's nice.
Okay, that's good. You have,
Are you going? Mhm.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. I think you have a long time horizon if you you you leave it in there um you know whenever you retire, you it's going to be a big sum, you never know what it could become. Yeah. So yeah. So yeah, that's what I do right now. And um yeah, just working from home, doing prolific. So the reason why I'm doing politic, so this is uh when I was back in college, I used to do a lot of prolific and doing surveys online, so I was doing all of that just just to get a bit of money to go out or just buy stuff. Yeah, a few years ago, that's when I started one thing that might, since you mentioned that you just make it, well, right now, you make you only make your money on prolific, there's like other stuff online that you could do that. That's it, help a lot. There's this, have you done for focus groups?
No.
all right.
that's crazy. Yeah.
I know
that there's quite a few now that do it online, they do like nationwide focus groups. Um You should look into that, there's there's a few groups on facebook. Um And yeah. Yeah I've I've done quite a few since the pandemic because you know my schedule quite flexible so sometimes I could squeeze
like an hour here and there during the day. So you should you should look for these these groups. I think if you enter like focus groups into facebook's there's going to be like a bunch
of groups and I don't know which one I think the ones that I get are the private ones but you just request access to it and from there you have access to like nationwide studies and you know I guess that you could do down on zoom or whatever online. It's it's
and
that's
yeah it's it's a grind. Like I remember when I was in college I I I didn't do this white books I did
instead of D. C. Which is similar right? You have like offers where you you buy stuff and then you get money back you know? But it was such a grind to just go through like surveys uh on you know for a few hours just clicking, clicking, clicking
and
exactly like yeah you're right it's just not designed properly. And like the dollars per hour you make is so low it's just that you have the opportunity to make extra money if you have the time right? But Like you make on average like less than $5 per hour. So
Thank
It's hard
together
there. Yeah there's there's community online and ready. I don't know if you use right? It's called Dear Money. I don't know.
Yeah there's there's that I think there's work online also which is separated but it's like it's those are the ones that are painful. I think the best ways to earn online is like through the focus groups. And also I think there's like transcription apps where you help A.
What?
That's
us.
It's
time
I mean
What is that? Yeah
All
Yeah. I think we're at time have we reached?
All right.
Well it was nice talking to you.
Good luck with with everything and
hopefully you find you find some some some some work or you know. Yeah. Mhm.