Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh good, yeah. Yes. 300 and Coming Back. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thanks Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Mhm.
Then
Yeah, I can hear you and see you me start by time or a year. Yeah. Uh huh.
but that
that that one starts right away,
Like it's
like
as soon as that tab opens that timer starts like the
first, the first one of these. I did I actually I opened the link like 10 minutes early so
fight that that timer was
I mean I tried yeah, I mean after that, after I realized that I try to do it as close to uh to the start as possible. Yeah,
I'm
from California, but I'm living in Portland right now
you
Yeah, I've heard that's what's happening in Portland too, because you know, we got we got like the protests and stuff, which I mean that stuff happens late at night, like during the day and you go out
and
it's I mean okay, there's graffiti everywhere and stuff is boarded up, but I don't feel like unsafe, like I'm going to get jumped or something and I don't know, I don't know where people are like moving to like, is it really better somewhere else?
I mean I guess, I guess, I guess it kind of makes sense because all the stuff in the cities that people like
the city four is kind of shut down, like like we're tomorrow Oregon goes into like re lockdown and The gym in my building, there's a gym in it which I like uh and it was closed over the summer and then they reopened it but like it used to be able to 24, you can just walk in now, you have to make an appointment and it's like five people at a time and now because of the order they have to close the gym again. So like, like, like after after this call and the question that I'm going down there and that's the
last time I get to do that for a month, I guess.
This
yeah, yeah, there's places are doing street dining and again, like we're going back into stricter stuff tomorrow and I think, I think bars are going to have to close. Uh and I assume there will be a reduction on indoor dining, like Oregon hasn't actually had especially bad covid numbers compared to like a lot of other states. But I guess we're were on the rise, we hit, we like there was a big jump like a within the past week and I think you know, I think we're still like doing better than say California or Seattle because we didn't have like a horrible early run but you know the the the numbers can really only go up I guess so. Mhm.
mean my my family is is back in California. My parents and I have, I normally go and I see them for christmas which
this year I'm thinking maybe not but uh but I I've never visited for thanksgiving because I kinda, I kinda just hate airports and dealing with them and I'm like well in like three weeks I'm gonna be going down there for christmas
anyway so
forget thanksgiving. So I like I I am fully prepared to not do shit for thanksgiving, that's that's every year for me. But
Right. Yeah, I mean like my brother lives in texas now and like he's going he's going to be visiting them because he already like set this stuff up months back. But just like we're having, you know, the Third Spike or Wave or whatever and you know, I don't, I don't want to get sick, I would feel horrible if I got my parents sick.
I
I'm kind of nervous, I'm just, you know, airports being on a plane. I know that was like, oh we, we make people leave the middle seat open,
but
I
mean it just seems it just seems like, you know, things are, things are, things are things are getting worse and they haven't stopped getting worse. So it's like, oh yeah, I tell you now, yeah, go ahead. Book the ticket for early in december and I don't know what the hell things are gonna look like in december. I'm assuming they're not going to be better by then. This doesn't seem.
Yeah, like it's like it's gonna work. Uh
I interviewed him, my parents have like turned down an invitation to his thanksgiving dinner from their friends and like there when they occasionally have people over but they do like they do masks and sit
apart and stuff, so I'm just glad that they're like
taking it seriously because I know I got a lot of friends who are like just I mean for for years, you know, they've been sort of struggling with with family members on various things but this that would be awful. Like I can't I can't even imagine having to what like try and convince my parents to not get themselves killed.
Yeah. I mean I like sometimes like my parents who are kinda they're fine, they're like supportive and everything but like they're kind of they're not sometimes I wish I had like, cool parents, you know? They were like, talking about, Oh yeah, I smoked weed with my mom. It's great. That's that's not happening with my parents, but I'm but
like, I'm glad that they are generally saying that's uh that's not so bad. I guess it turns out
yeah, I mean, my parents and my mom had suggested like, you know, yeah, you can just you can quarantine in your bedroom and
because we got like, we were up in a big ish house, so it would be possible theoretically
leader to socially distance for two weeks, but Mhm. Like,
I don't know. I just, like I said, I don't want my parents sick, but also there's all that like the long haul stuff. I don't brain fog, I don't I don't need that.
I'm
I'm a freelance coder. I'm most of the money I have right now. I've actually been getting through like prolific, which is, which is not a ton, but my, my, my folks actually helped me out with with rent and I live in, I live in student apartments. I'm not a student anymore, but there's no like for this, for the location, this is in Portland. It's like right in downtown by the college, there is nothing anywhere near this like this cheap. What? What? My phone was buzzing. I think it's, I still have a California number, so I get spammed from California, right?
Yeah. Do you get the ones about that? Say they're from the mary it, because that's what almost
all
of my heart and pick it up. And it's like, oh, thank you for your visit for your stay at Marriott Hotels. And I haven't been to a Marriott hotel and
I got one this morning. That was a new one. It was like, this is this is Apple, and we've detected some suspicious activity on your iCloud account and
my
phone is an android, first of all. Like the only Apple device I own is an ipod classic, which
they don't even make any more.
Uh No, I mean like I say, I say I'm a freelance coder, but really, I like, like, I haven't, I haven't actually taken all of any work in a, in a while. I've mostly I've been making, I've been, I've been trying to tinker with like game development stuff. I figure if I can make something fun, maybe charge people a couple of bucks for it. That would be, that would be something. Um That's why I like, I love, like when I, when I learned to code a few years ago I went to a regular code school and I learned web design and stuff, but I really just want to do games like, like I thought that I could maybe get into doing apps like for phones, but it turns out actually app development is kind of awful, a lot of the languages and frameworks for it, a lot of them are kind of a huge pain, and also it turns out that like, you make something, you put it up on the app store, if you want to keep it on there, you are expected to like, do monthly updates on it. So like, you make you make it happen, god forbid on mobile game, and you're never done with it, like, it's just because it's just becomes something I have to find time to update every month. Yeah.
Uh I I actually, I have a degree from Portland State, but it's in uh criminology and criminal justice, uh which I I find that I find like I enjoyed the classes and stuff for the most part and I find it interesting, but I don't think I'm really cut out for Law enforcement, especially, I finished the degree right at the end of 2016 post election, and I was, and I was like, oh man, I don't know, I don't know if I want to be a cop on in under this administration, and at
the time I was like, am I just, and I just saying this because I'm kind of lazy and I don't want to like go through all the stuff to during the police, but you know, now, now after this year,
like I, I'm glad I'm not a cop right now, it sounds terrible for a number of reasons.
Well, I mean, to to become a detective, I mean I was when I first started on the degree, I was bigger than like watching law and order rescue and I was like, oh man
yeah that's the that's the life for me, this is surely this is an accurate representation, I'm sure. But it turns out, first of all, no it's not like even even more than you think oh well it's tv they probably fudge some stuff like more than that. Uh But but also the police you have to, you know police is like a a military style rank organization. So you got to start at the bottom and work your way up and like
if you are lucky and super awesome at your job and you like get some sort of a big break, You might become a detective in 10 years. Uh But and yeah, I don't like I don't think you need a criminal justice degree to be
cop. But like if you have that degree it's not super useful for a whole lot of other other things it turns out.
So I wonder what a unit yeah.
Based.
I have a friend who works in financial services and he's and he's doing stuff from from home. I think he lives in boston and he said that like with the election of everything he's been yet like it's lot more, a lot more calls coming in wana
lot of lot of old people who don't really understand how financial services or computers in some cases work. Apparently he
was talking about, you were talking the other day he said he had to walk some old guy through like setting up an account. Like he had to explain to the guy how to create a user name and password.
And
yeah, I don't, I don't know a lot of financial stuff. But all I know is I when my grandpa died, he left me. I in, hey, I have an inherited Roth ira from
him and it's got like Around 60 grand in it and they're like fidelity fidelity investments is managing it for me. I yes. And I and I have to take like There's a, there's a minimum amount of money around $800 that I had to take out every year to avoid some sort of penalty,
although not this year. Apparently something is something in the cares act
meant that I meant that I don't have to do that. And I kind of feel like I should probably leave the money where it is like that's a smart move. But also I kind of, I'm kind of, I'm kind of enjoyed it. Hope it's the end of the year is coming up, time to get my $800
and use that for stuff.
uh actually I I used to I I used to do focus groups, but of course now you can't put a bunch of people in a room together, so they've been uh they've been a little harder to come by. Actually, the there there's there's a place down here more and it's called free geek. And basically they they help, they they fix old computers and put like Lennox on them and then sell them for cheap or give them to people who and afford computers and they have classes and a shop and all sorts of things. And uh I was going to start volunteering down there because you don't admit to make make some connections. And because if you do 24 after 24 volunteer hours, they actually give you a free computer and I can always use another computer even if it does have Lennox on it, which I just had to figure out how to use. But uh, but I ended up, I was, I was volunteering in their warehouse, like sorting wires and stuff and I ended up in there on what turned out to be the last day. They were open before like everything shut down. This was back in
March. And, and the guy who was across the sorting table from me, he actually, he told me that his job, which was, which was like, also, you know, on freeze. Uh, he was, he was like a manager for viewpoint, which is
focus group company. And his his job was organizing, uh, the focus groups. I was like, oh man, I just do a thing for you guys like a month ago.
But yeah, like I'm signed up for a couple of things with focus groups, but there's like one of them just keeps emailing me stuff that is not, it's, you know, it's like, oh yeah focus group for for single moms, which I am not
show.
And
But.
I tried swag bucks for a little while, but that seems, yeah, the the surveys I got screened out all the time and a lot of the, a lot of the stuff on there, like
you have to spend money first. They like get like, I'm, I'm sure if I am sure that if I invested the time and stuff and like eventually it starts snowballing and but
yeah, I don't have to I don't I don't have the time to deal with that.
No.
Yeah. I mean what what I like with like the prolific pre screens you
so that you because yeah, on swag bucks, I was constantly, I would put in like 10 minutes into a survey and then all of a sudden it's like it's like, Oh did what kind of car do you drive? I don't drive. Oh well this was for car drivers.
Yeah. Like I said, like I said, I feel like if you like if you if you invest a certain amount of time and effort then like
your your numbers start going up then and maybe it starts to sort parts of it start to sort of run themselves. But yeah, I couldn't see getting to to that point. And I've I've applied to mechanical turk but never heard back and I've heard that like
amazon
might respond to you instantly or in a week or in several years or never or so.
yeah, that's that's actually where I found uh prolific, like I was googling, you know, on online jobs that are not scams.
I yeah, I actually, I signed up, I'm I've signed up for rev last year when I signed up for prolific as well, but I've
I don't do it as much now because just because it's uh
I
I went for the Youtube captioning side because that pays a little better. Uh but like some some videos are relatively easy and a good use of your time. Others, there are so many Australians who who, you know, I have felt bloated their videos for captioning and it just, they have such big accents and they
use
such weird slang that I
like, I didn't, I didn't episode of some old Australian soap opera once and it was it was a lot of fun because it was like it was an actual tv show and not like you know, some guy talking into a terrible camera about whatever, but like I spent so long on it and I had to keep like stopping and replaying. And there was one character who was his thing on the show was that he's kind of incomprehensible and uses old slang that nobody uses anymore. Like and when I when I got to the end of it like by my, you know my time, per my pain, my dollars per hour was like way too out there. It's just
Just hard, it's harder to get a good return on that compared to, you know, a lot of these prolific surveys which are just to answer some questions. Get
like 80 cents, do that a bunch of times and wow, it's it's five bucks already.
yeah. My time. It was just coming to the end there.
huh.
Yeah. Good talking to you.
Yeah, you too.
Okay. Have a good one.