Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Hello. Hi how are you?
Good.
I
heard
the word
why?
Well
all right I know. Right how's it going?
Good good. So what do we talk about it? We even just whatever.
Where you where you located
texas? Okay. I mean Kansas city Missouri.
Yeah. Yeah that sounds about right yep.
Yeah probably so probably so
Um it's not hot yet it's like 60°.. Um
Why what's it like there?
Are you serious? Oh wow.
God that's
horrible.
Oh I bet I bet that's ridiculous.
Is it doesn't get really humid there too or is it a dry heat? Oh God
problem.
I
don't blame you. What?
Why?
That's going to hear the butter is kind of it's kind of medium you know what I mean? It gets we'll have our hot days but they don't usually come to like august So it saves about 70s.
I lived in texas when I was a little kid for like a brief period. My mom hated it. She said that she goes, they get to wear their guns on the outside and they get a drink while they drive. She said she's like, I'm not going there.
Yeah, but I bet it's just, I heard Austin school though, it's okay.
You
they take with you.
Right. I could just imagine. Yeah,
that's got to be a little
right. Right. Absolutely. That's exactly what it does,
man. That's crazy. Yeah, It's not too weird up here. That's just normal everyday thing here. Mhm.
No.
Right. It's funny how people think, you know what I mean?
My
we're the real place. We have cars. Well,
man.
Right. Right. So how long you been doing the prolific thing?
Okay, okay. I started kind of like when coronavirus stuff started and so I'm kind of new to it.
I've made like 70 something.
Are you you're one of the essential workers?
Hey it might be good for you with this next stimulus package.
Okay. Well it's made it through Senate and I think it's gotta go through our as needed to the House made through one of them and
got
approved. Yeah and so they have to go it has to go through I think the other one the other one which is which was which ones Republican ran right now?
The Senate? Okay so it's
very
help.
Okay so it's made it through the House now. It's going to make it through Senate and then the president has a science. So
did he really? Mm. That's
well that's it's done because the whole package was good for you guys that had to work because it's like
all
of it. That would be nice.
on.
Oh wow. Yeah that's
me it drives you crazy, it drives you correctly.
Well that's how I feel.
That's nice
girl.
My dogs are sick of me by now, there's like they see me coming, they go the other way you know like I mean they
let me play too.
Why
are
we going?
that's funny. What kind of dog do you have?
Okay I have a lien burger and a pit bull.
It's um it's kind of like it kind of looks like a ST Bernard but like 10 times bigger.
Yeah it's basically going to be like a horse, he's so happy, he's five months and he's already bigger than my pit bull. So ground.
Yeah they said a lot of the larger, the smallest size they get record the smallest recorded as £175.. That's the smallest.
Right? Exactly. Like he eats constantly. Like he's
just
like
okay, I got told he was a saint Bernard when I got him and I took him to the vet and the vet was like this isn't a Saint Bernard, this is alien burger. And I was like what does that mean? They're like he's gonna be a lot bigger than the ST Bernard. I was like what do
you mean? Because Saint Bernard by itself is big And I was just like, they're like well it's gonna be a lot bigger than that. I said he's going to look like he looks like a ST. but he's going to be about 10 times bigger. He's like, they're like he's going to be huge. And I'm
online they're showing pictures of them sitting next to people and there's like a lady who is said that she was like 5 6 and this lien burgers sitting down was taller than her. Yeah.
Yeah, he's like one of the largest breeds of dogs I guess. It's like uh somebody in lean burger german, he developed a breed of dog where they took ST Bernard's, they mixed in with every kind of mask if there was to make them as large as they wanted and then re brethren with saint Bernards to make them look like Saint Bernards. Yeah,
I
I don't know, I have no idea like he's they didn't really stay a purpose of him wanting to he just did it. I don't know, I guess maybe they had a quarantine there so I
right. I know, I'm just like
I'm already thinking about like I gotta move because I want to get a bigger place just for the dog. You know like I've got a one bedroom apartment now and it's nowhere near, it's already too small for me and the dog.
Yeah. He lays down on the bed and when he lays out across the bed, when he lays down he's as long as I am on the bed. Yeah,
I'm 5 11. Yeah.
Right, okay. He doesn't have any bar that big.
Yeah.
yeah. I've got to get the big bag. The biggest bag that got is what I get it last time. A week. Yeah, So
a week. One week.
Everybody is, he's so hard to judge because you wanted to treat him like he's a he's a full grown dog because he looks like a full grown dog. You have to understand he's a puppy. So he plays like a puppy, but he looks like a full grown dog. So imagine having this big brute of a dog playing around the house, like a puppy want to run and jump and oh my God,
no, thank God, thank God
his positive, this big around probably about this big around there, like as big a saucer. Yeah, he looks like a lion paws. Yeah.
Yeah. If you get a chance sometimes look them up online. Lien
burger.
Yeah. We named him chewy because he looks like Chewbacca.
Yeah, I bet.
huh.
That's funny. Yeah, he's a handful, but I love him, you know what I mean? He's a big old, their sweetest can be, you know I mean they're real emotional, so like if you piss him off, they get there just like they'll throw a fit, throw a tantrum or they compete on your floor or whatever they do.
Yeah, it's just
We're
here.
with
all
had
been here.
Oh, wow, wow. What needs to be Minor stuff with? They think they're lap dogs still to imagine having
125.
Yeah. Why do they think that? I
know
they're small.
Yeah. What is that about? Like your big for nothing?
All
Right. I was just tiny.
Yeah. You should see when the Limburger tries to climb in my lap. I'm just like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Right. You know, he'll lay on me as soon as I had to get help to get him off. Like I'm like, help you get this dog off me. It is. I can't graduate school girl. You can go.
All right. I
think,
I think Children can ride him now. You know what I mean
by the drug?
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. When is this supposed to end?
God. It feels like it's never gonna end.
is that one
I don't
know,
right? Like we don't have we, I, I don't have anybody that I know personally that have it. My parents know some people, but I don't know anybody.
Oh, for real. Okay. That's not bad.
Germany. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. They're like, who does she think she is walking around here at the accord.
Right. Just like, come on. He's
not
I wonder how this is going to affect like America in the long run. You know what I mean? Like, Like are we going to be a forever germophobe now because of corona or good one
rapidly.
Right. It's like basic knowledge. You know? Like, like I, like from the very beginning I had no fear of catching it. Like I was like, I wash my hands pretty much all the time. Uh You know like I take I wash my clothes, you know what I mean? I don't go out, I don't sneeze and cough and I'm gonna wash myself if someone sneezes, I mean, You know what I mean? Like I'm just gonna take, it's like,
You guys take it to the next level
policy
actually.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, yeah, I can see that being a few because she's got a compromised immune system.
Okay. I could see that though. She's got a real fear involved with it. You know what I mean? Because if she catches it could be life threatening for her. Nothing.
Your kids gonna be peeling off, you go back to you
can go back to work.
Oh wow wow okay you guys are doing the most
but
all right. Did you?
I have one on my bag. Can't send the type here here. Uh You can't take Uber you can't go into some stores. They won't allow you in there without a mask.
Yeah that's Maynard's it's like a I don't know if you guys have been ours out there. It's like a home improvement store like kind of like home depot. Okay well there we
have it here you can they make you buy a mask when you come in if you pay a dollar for a mask was like so
well no I mean if you have your own you can wear it but like you go in you buy him asking before you can enter the store. I think that.
Oh wow. five bugs. She's making bank off the mass.
Rather
than
our
of
course
man.
Hey it's worth it. Sailor Moon. Come on. Do
you want
you guys tell the movie then? Yeah.
Good.
Yeah she's kind of she's kind of got it going on. She's kind of cool.
Well you know, don't worry.
you're fine you're fine. I do
not
like
did he spray his computer with Lysol before you started talking to you? Uh
Where? Yeah the this the mask thing like we have them remember they were going like weren't they like out of stock at places? Did they run and stuff like that? Yeah.
Golly. It's crazy
how the world changes that little bit of time.
Yeah. Could you imagine when you couldn't find anyone in the story? Remember when the shelves are completely empty?
But
well.
Oh wow. I didn't know it was
like I'm there
That's crazy. I did not even know it got like that out there when I moved. I'm originally from Chicago and we don't have a lot of vegetation in Chicago. You know what I mean? It's like just all cities, all concrete and whatnot. And so when I moved to Missouri I got allergies really bad. I couldn't imagine if if I would have liked
to.
Yeah it was just like I couldn't believe that the allergies I got from just here because I removed from the city to another city. But I mean it's still kind of I don't know like the cities in Missouri even the big city like Kansas city or Springfield they're still kind of very like rural looking, you know what I mean? Like they're not city industrial looking like Chicago was and so you still get a lot of pollen and stuff in there and I couldn't believe the allergies that I had from that so I couldn't imagine going to texas
Oh wow. That's crazy.
it has overtaken the place. God.
Oh wow that's crazy. That's crazy. That's
cool. How big work like that.
wow that's crazy. These are cool. These are cool things they say I think Einstein said when the honey american honey bee dies the world dies.
Yeah. Yeah they're talking
about
I didn't realize how important they are to our ecosystem but I guess they're pretty important too to just like pollination and you know human survival I guess so. Right.
Right. I know it's crazy
friends of my parents, they have a bee farm and that's what they like what they said that they eat it when they have their allergies because it helps build up immunity to the oh I think that's pretty cool. Just it's weird how nature works like that. I like
it blows my mind how we're just how were composed of everything in the earth, you know what I mean? Just humans have a little bit of everything in the earth inside that kind of strange is just so Mhm.
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah it is just like it's
Yeah absolutely and like even in psychology you learned that in order to in order to be separate you have to be connected, you know what I mean? It's it's a weird, it's a weird kind of like like you have to be have been connected with other people in your lifetime in order to to identify yourself as a separate person.
it's it's just kind of cool how it works like that, like I think we just have.
Yeah. They say that
there's a belief in like in like uh that the only reason that we ages like we do is because we're told we have to like we're told were given a measurement of time. They say that if we weren't given that measurement of time, our minds wouldn't ages age our bodies as fast as what as fast as they are.
Right. Yeah. Exactly. That's crazy. Huh? Just how it works.
Yeah. They don't know. It's just I've been reading a lot of things I uh like I watched this movie called Down the Rabbit Hole, have you ever seen? And it's just
about metaphysics and like how like how we are more in charge of our universe mentally than what we give ourselves credit for. Like if we if enough people believe it to be true and think it true it will become true. Like they kind of follow that kind of like aspect about like how our personal human energy has enough power to like they did a thing a study with ice, ice water and they scream nasty things that water like horrible, awful things that water and then they frozen and it froze differently than what they say that they said loving things to. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Is that crazy? Like just our energy does that kind of stuff. They're talking about how like they had the whole thing started off this thing they call the double strand test or whatever they were testing about shooting atoms and they made it, they made like I guess kind of like a stencil for the atoms to go through. Because when you shoot an atom it's an atom, it's a particle is supposed to just go straight forward. Well whenever they left the room and they go on lunch and it would continue to shoot, we're shooting a wave pattern and Adams can't move in waves. Like they are supposed to be impossible for them to move in waves. Well they're saying that because we think it to be because we're told because we put limitations on our own thinking that that limits what we have available to us in the real world. Like in the natural world, like we have more control over our natural world mentally than what we thought.
Right. Yeah. Exactly. It's a weird thing like sometimes I wonder like because do you know like when they, when the pilgrims first came over to America, the indians, the ships were coming across the ocean which you can see the ocean for miles right? They did not see because they couldn't imagine it being a real thing. Their brains would not allow them to see the ships until they were actually onshore.
I
just
didn't see it. Their their body, they couldn't come to their mind, couldn't comprehend it. So they couldn't see it. So I wonder how much is going on in our universe that we just are told that doesn't exist or doesn't happen or we can't we can't comprehend that's going on right around us that we just don't even have any clue about. You know? Like it's a weird world. It's a
That crazy.
We'll have to be sure you know what I mean? Like we have never had an intuition that came out to you know what I mean? When you have intuitions that was just like you know it to be true. You have no explanation of why but you just won't be true. You
know what I mean?
Yeah. HIV. Yeah that's another one. Yeah it's
kind
of
Right sorry about that. There we go. Sorry my phone went off.
Right. Oh well so yeah it is a weird weird world. Were very well. That's crazy. I
want to
know
what they're doing with this conversation study thing.
Okay. All right. Free.
Really? I know right. Yeah. I know. I didn't pay attention to how many seats were available in this study so I wonder how many people they did.
I hate to do a game right? Where you I'm horrible awful person for this. But you you had a thing where you had to um It was basically like they said that you each had a ball right now, you could each take the ball and walk away with $10 apiece and share it. Or one of you could choose to steal it after you've agreed, after you made your agreement. If you stole it, then you get the full $20. I saw the ball. Uh
huh. I had to do it. I had to do I just see if like I think we're going to steal it from me. You know what I mean? Yeah.
And I got the full 20 bucks. So
I know right? Both of you wanted to see other than you both walk away with nothing. Yeah.
Yeah. They didn't want to steal it. So I got you know, I felt like because like, like when you both were like agree, we're like, yeah let's agree. We're both, we'll split it and then we'll just we'll walk away. Both $10. It's like, I was like, okay. And then the last one is like steel. I see if they didn't, I'm even mad if they would have stolen from me and I did try to steal it. I was hoping
that
this
method,
Right. That's a jerk right to do that. That's funny. That's for yourself there. I'm sorry. My daughter's getting into stuff. Sorry. Mhm.
No,
it's funny because we were talking about all the space like the universe and stuff like that. You got like a little space seen on your shower curtain.
Oh, that's funny. Oh,
I love spit. Like if I could go there one day I would like
What planet? I don't even care plan. I just wanted to cruise through the stars and look, I think you look at the earth from the above would be so humbling.
During
the moral, I know it just looks so beautiful. The pictures that they take from space, it's just like God's eye, you know what I mean? Like just to be able to go see that.
I know.
Why?
Years
ago when
we
were,
that's like by one of my first like cool movies that I was, because growing up, it was expanded by like horizons, Like different ideas.
every time you watch it, you do learn something different. Crazy like that. It's very crazy like that
wayne.
Yeah, absolutely. It's a good movie.
That's right.
Good choice.
Right. Boom. It is a lot without Uh huh.
All right. All by himself in his parallel universe. Oh,
shoot.
That's awesome. That's very awesome. Cool. The other, I think we're short time
awesome. It was really like, what was your name again? Okay, I'm Jeremiah. Everybody knows
you as well. It was nice talking to you today and this is kind of an eagle experiment. I enjoyed it. Thank
you. Kay.
You too. Thank you very much.