Good. Where
are you? I didn't want to be like creeping me like hey and
then just like
pop
up in
there but I didn't want to stay here and be like watching it was like this
feels weird.
Good.
We pick what we want to talk about. Yeah. Mhm.
Texas.
That's not too far. My boyfriend lives in Omaha so I think that's like 2.5 hours.
Yeah. So I'm like I'm 13 hours from Omaha, so I'm probably like 11 from you.
Yeah. So is it like hot out there?
Oh I envy you.
It is. It's probably like 90° today.
It's been 90° for all of me. Yeah.
I
had to stand in line for seafood yesterday and it was it was probably like a 10 minute wait. But the heat and it's humid out here because I'm in San Antonio so it's like humanist all get out and it was ridiculous that 10 minutes felt like 30.
it was a mess.
If it was dry heat I'd be able to handle it,
but it's humid and sometimes you could feel like the humidity in the air. I don't go to mine. I don't check the mail
until it gets dark outside.
I was like, why does anybody come here?
No, no.
I want to say one Christmas, it was still hot enough for me to wear shorts. Yeah, on on christmas, I was in shorts and flip flops. Mhm.
Sounds about right. Pretty accurate. Yeah. No, it's texas is something else.
Thanks.
They're too weird for me. Like the whole thing is keep Austin weird, but like, no, they take that to heart,
Yeah, but I've I've never been to Austin during the day and that's probably why it's probably why I think it's too weird because like some of their police officers, like when the bars and stuff are open, they still ride horses. So yeah, imagine being drunk walking down the street getting pulled over by a horse.
Yeah.
Death and people are like coming up to the horse and taking pictures with them and I just feel like it like fulfills the texas stereotype.
God. Oh, it's a dumb ass.
I mean the horse of normal everyday thing for us to, but my family is from Memphis, so when I go up there, they can tell them not from there because the way I talk and I'm like, oh, where are you from? I'm like, oh, I'm from texas and they're like, oh, do you ride a horse to school?
I'm like, oh yeah, it was just like you shouldn't post out front guys.
like there's just tumbleweeds everywhere in
the whole, the real city, the real place.
we
have cars. Not as many horses. Do you think more cows?
Maybe since like last november?
Yeah. It's really I mean since like last november Two now I want to say I've made $50.
Oh, jesus, you're doing more than I. Yeah. Well thankfully I'm still working. So
essential. Yeah.
Is that something that they actually approved?
I think
it's
the Senate,
the
House
of Representatives is where Pelosi is,
but the president is to his stuff. He was going to immediately veto it
because it's giving more money to people and not the businesses.
And I think, I think um like the Senate is coming up with their own package. I'm hoping like they can come to a happy
medium.
Yeah because I think um somebody at my dad's job had corona, so I told my job and they made me sit out for two weeks or whatever. And those two weeks, I mean I did get unemployment And then when that extra $600 kicked in, I got that extra $600. But I made more sitting at home than I do going to work. I almost got and since it's going on till I think like july, I almost wanted to just call and be like, hey guys, I'm not coming back to work because with
Yeah, but the way that Texas unemployment was going, I was going to get 400 a week just by itself based on my last year of pay And then an extra 600 on top of that. So I was going to be getting like 10, 10 a week, that's how much I get in a regular paycheck.
So I was thinking, yeah, and I was like, but I can't, I can't just sit at home with nothing to do. like I'm just like,
I'm teleworking and I, even though I'm still at home, like I live at home with my family and I'm like, yo I'm going to tase y'all, I'm going stir crazy in here,
I'm
my
poor dog, I'm like, yeah, your home, and I'm like, I don't want to look at you.
no, my dog sees me sitting here working, so he jumps up on my like makeshift desk and he's trying to join in on the work. Mhm.
Yeah, like we're like, I'll facetime all of my co workers every day because I'm at home, like I'm going stir crazy and he just jumps up and he joins us on the face time, He's like, hey guys,
and they're like,
hey,
hello? Yeah, like they did my dog already.
He's a shepherd husky mix.
What's the lien burger?
Oh God, no, that's a horse.
Oh, you could probably put a saddle on him and sell rides to kids.
What do you feed a £200 dog?
Did
you
know he was gonna be that big?
Wagner.
my
Yeah, that's oh my you're gonna be like one of those people on facebook or it's like look at my huge dog. Oh my gosh,
but why, what purpose do
they serve?
Yeah, like you could use that instead of a scarecrow.
my
oh my gosh
and how old are you?
I'm never going to complain about my dog again.
Yeah, because I took my, he took Apollo to the vet and they were like, oh yeah, he's £75 and I'm like, do you want this dog instead? But no, not even mm I
thought buying the £34 bag of food was too much. Oh camera
week.
Oh you should sign up for the rewards at the pet store. Is that way they'll send Uh huh
Are you on the first floor? Do you have people under you?
what's gonna say? His big old paws everywhere.
that's huge.
I
was going to as soon as this is over liam burger okay and when I remember that Oh God no that is oh my gosh
I would have done something, I would have made them something ridiculous like tiny or something.
Uh huh Uh huh Exactly
what I would have done.
I think all dogs do that.
Apollo if if we don't go outside and play fetch with him sometimes we keep them in the backyard because he just sheds and stuff and he likes chasing the birds and the squirrels. So if we don't play fetch with him when he thinks we should, we can hear the stuff and he's throwing the ball at the door
and I was
there and watch him and he'll just go Booth booth until we go out there
Or
if he's
not
ready to come inside he'll just plop on the floor and he's £75 and I am 27 and lazy so I'm just like let me let me try to pick you up. I have to leave a trail of treats and he gets used to, he'll realise where he's going. So he'll take off and run laps around the house for me to catch him.
So
he thinks he is little,
I
don't know because
I'll walk him and they'll be like a chihuahua doing their little like chihuahua aggressive things and he is like shivering between my legs.
Yes. Or he'll see a baby and he's like baby. And I have to remind him like you're not that little, like you're gonna knock this toddler over. But now he just thinks he's just like the little list like little puppy, he's only three. So he
just thinks he's just like loop.
Yeah, I know.
Have your own spot on the couch.
I'm telling you put a saddle on him and sell rides.
It reflects
the thing to do
$5 a ride. Boom.
Quarantine boredom was over.
I don't know,
texas
just
thinks
because we're not getting sick that we can just open up the state again. So
it was just one person at my dad's job. Yeah. Well, and because when we did do the quarantine, like since I live in San Antonio were like the seventh largest city in the nation or whatever. But right now I think are confirmed cases is under 2000.
Mm Hmm. And I think like the people that have like passed away from it, I think that was 58 last time I checked. So, but I'm ready for this to be over. I went because I forgot my mask the other day and I went in the store and I could just feel everybody is like,
on me yet. Not even their germs, just their eyes.
Yeah, But I literally left it in the car and I had my god son with me and I was not about to turn back around.
I've been
at home for the last two months. I know I have no kind of cooties whatsoever. Yeah.
And if you look at it like the thing is wash your hands. Like we learned this in kindergarten,
wash your hands, don't sneeze on anybody. Sneeze in your arm.
Like when we first started this, my mom would make us change clothes as soon as we got home, my mom would have us change clothes. Now we have like a can of Lysol spray at the door and we have to spray our shoes. Like I'm not gonna lick my shoes, ma'am spraying our shoes. She washes all the groceries, We sanitize our mail. Oh
well my, my mom has kidney failure and
she is,
She's like 68 and my dad is a cancer survivor, but he still goes to work every day. My dad is a government employee and I'm a government contractor. So I think that's her fear cause CDC has already came through our building.
She doesn't go anywhere. I keep pointing because that's where she normally sits there not, but like she doesn't go anywhere. She's a substitute teacher. So whenever she doesn't feel like working, like she doesn't have to. So my mom's probably been home since like the end of february.
And I understand. But I think she's just taking it a smith too far. I'm so she like go wash your hands with bleach and I'm like, but I think uh huh
she
washes all the groceries. Like if we bring in like a can of soda, she has to wipe it off with a bleached towel.
She's doing the absolute most anytime I bring something in. Did you wipe it down with bleach? You know? Did you lie solid? Yes. Did
you?
she has figured out how to like, so masks and stuff like she's made him to where you can like, like the accordion style that we can pull them to open up some, she's not here and figure. Yeah. My mom used to sew a lot so she has sat here and figured that out. Where did you ask where's your hand sanitizer? Like I have a hand sanitizer around my keys and I'm asking all of our cars.
Yeah. Like when I went to go pick up the food yesterday, it was a food truck, but before you can even go into the area where the food truck is, you have to have a mask.
No.
if we do you have your own.
We have a hair salon like that Because we're starting there were allowed to like go back to hair salons and stuff like that. So one girl on my Facebook was like, if you don't have a mask, I have them for $5.
Yeah. My friend, my friend was actually selling them and For my coworkers, I think I sold like seven or eight of them for her and she was charging two for 10 or
the one
that I bought because I really like like anime characters and stuff
like that on a Sailor Moon one
and
I paid
$10 for the Sailor Moon mask.
I
love you man.
Slight
obsession.
I've been watching since I was a little kid. Uh huh. I can hear them coming in the house. All right. I mean, I'm gonna move hold on
computer models. I'm going to take you in here. Right. I apologize. I
have
to
like if not my parents would be like, what? Where? When?
Yeah.
Out of stock. They were off of amazon,
but
yeah, like now you can go places and find toilet paper. Uh huh.
Yeah. Well, my mom is one of those that she likes to like stock in advance for that stuff, so we've always had it or we have president taxes, like you're gonna be allergic to everything. I'm convinced I'm allergic to the air.
So we already
had a box of masks because the pollen gets so thick, it turns your car during Oh god yeah, mountain cedar will hit like 40,000.
I'm
Yeah, like one day I was eating food and I in my head I knew the food was really good. I was like, oh yeah, this is great. But then I started thinking I was like, I can't taste this. Why? And it was because like I checked the mountain cedar, it was like 37,000. Um
don't
come to texas.
Since since I'm a government contractor, I work with a lot of, I do a lot of Air Force personnel stuff. So when I talk to people like oh where you're like oh san Antonio and I'd be like you know I never had allergies until I moved to san Antonio and now they're just here
and the crazy part is like mountain cedar, it's a tree that's not um native to texas. Somebody dropped this god awful tree here.
we're one of those, we have to like eat the honey from the bees that live in our like local area. That way we can build up an immunity to it.
The
yeah that part is great. So we can look at like the containers and it'll tell us like what city and like what farm it came from. So if they're in our local area
I could see that these murder hornets that they're talking about ted definitely take them out though,
that's
their main target.
I didn't know how like we could build up an immunity like eating the honey from them of that party was like now
real thing.
That part now.
Yeah. That's like like the weird thing about people like we all share like something like I feel like the way I think about it is like we all, I don't want to go like the whole like Adam and eve route. But like I feel like each evolve from like a person somebody
and so like even though like we're all like different were like really all connected.
Yeah. Okay, that makes sense.
I've been starting to look up things like that. Like I've been starting to like, I guess like looking into like time because if you really think about it, time is like um a man made measuring system. Things like that are like quantum physics and consciousness. I'm like starting to look into that because I think it's like really
interesting.
Yeah. That's the weird thing about something to like when were you like when you measure like space and time and stuff like that? Like who says like our day is like really a day because if you look at other planets, their days are like some plant, it's like one of our days as a whole year for them.
Or it's like one day in jupiter is like a whole year here.
You know, I haven't seen it.
They get that with um with plants as well and how like they watched them die and stuff quicker.
I think they did a thing like that, like that's what they say. Um Like Children and toddlers say so much crazy stuff about like their past life because they're so like not us like and stuff that they remember like a more of it more of their past life because what what I think it's like consciousness or quantum physics, whatever. One of the two is saying that like when our physical body dies, our energy and our spirit transfers to another organism, so we don't die, our physical shell actually dies. Uh that's really cool. I always think about like what if since we only use like 6% of our brain, what if we were able to unlock more of our brains, will we be able to do like um the little boys? Is that dolphins make because they use more than we do?
Like a mirage kind of thing. It
sounds
like.
It's such a weird world like. Yeah, I can see that.
Or like people like psychics and things like that. I feel like some of that, some of that is like true ish.
Or
like, like deja vu type things
because
they say
like when you do happens, that means like you're where you're supposed to be at that moment in time. That's why. So familiar.
No, you're good, forgot where my phone is.
And
I
feel like,
I think it was to see like how strangers interact with each other.
But I can't imagine like somebody just sitting here and just like washing every conversation.
Yeah, I just paid attention to what it was like $14 bonuses like Yeah.
Oh
I probably would have stolen too.
But I would have felt really that what if both of y'all wanted to steal it.
mm
I would
have
kind
of like reason with myself, but I've been like, well you're not losing anything. You're not gaining anything. But I started like mad at the end of the night and like bastard.
you're good. I can hear my dog like over, I'm in my bathroom now. Like I know it's weird, but
I can hear him through the wall over here.
Oh yeah, it's a whole, I mean it's a person on here too. But yeah.
I like a lot of like space stuff,
but planet.
I think and I love those pictures like that. I don't know why, but Saturn is my favorite planet. She's also my favorite sailor scout, but that's just a nice quick of ink. But I just think it'd be like really cool just to see like the rings
on sad.
Where you want to see like, like a, like a black hole or warm hole?
Because I want to be one of those like I've watched Donnie Darko enough to where I'm like, is it gonna take me to a parallel universe?
Am I going to live my own life again? I yeah, I got to see mrs Sparrow like with a weird book somewhere. That's one of those I had to google Donny Darker the first time I saw it because I was like, how am I watching? And I'm like, no, it's really good. I watched again. I was like, no, this is changing. I'm like, no, it's one of my favorite movies
now,
I
tell
everybody.
Yeah, because I have to keep watching my mom's like, you're watching this again. I was like, I'm gonna learn something different this time.
Every time, like it's like my number one like weird movie, it's
in my top three movies now.
It's
guess
because I'm like thinking about like my favorite movies and like I was just like the oddball out because it goes ferris Bueller Donnie Darko, The sam lot.
I think there's Bill and Sam lot can go on this listening Donnie Darko over here by himself.
Yeah,
that's good.
Yeah, I think so.
me, you know?
it was good, but
no problem. You have a good day.
Mm The way.