Hello. Mm.
We're supposed to have a trump.
Yeah, it doesn't have Well, you see.
There's no prompt,
you know just
being instructions for starting the video and things like that. All
Well,
I'm out of work so taking surveys online
doing things like that. Uh huh. Okay.
I was a merchandiser for jive. Yeah.
Okay. You work from an app on your phone and you go out and merchandise like random products at Albertsons and Thompson,
stuff like that. Just mostly like organic products and just anything that they could like justifiably have a market on. Thanks. Because you know there's like three different companies in the process so they're going to cost more.
Yeah. And they Albertsons and stuff required a health screening so I didn't have any money at the time. So I kind of got deactivated for an activity.
pretty good. I'm getting about like $5 every week, so something Okay.
Marcus.
I tried to teach for Cambly but you know I don't really have any credentials still didn't really work out.
It's a lot
different.
Yeah. Yeah having no uh nothing that you're involved on the side I guess
Having nothing under your balcony website I guess makes it difficult wow.
In saginaw texas
mm that's DFW. Mhm. Alright Dallas fort worth.
mm I'm exhausted and drink coffee like really late yesterday so I did not sleep well at all
quite a bit like I've kind of gotten it back to normal but I just started with text broker so I was trying to get as many articles out as I could just you know get an income.
Yeah I really wanted to finish. I got three time yesterday though so that's
Yeah. Um Well it took me a while I had to research for every single one of them because I didn't know about my subject matter. So yes, it took me quite a while and plus I kept having to look up a P A english because I'm not used to that at
all. So I've never look up the grammar rules and stuff and avoid that Oxford comma because they'll mark now for that.
you have a choice. It's a it's a content mill website. So they have clients that requests like certain articles and stuff like that too. Get people to write about mostly like copyrighting. Yesterday
I wrote about some lawyer and like a blog post for how to move to Madison Wisconsin cheaply
just
yeah, I was like really random stuff. And shoelaces too. These
two
shoelaces,
they
do have a lot available. That
so
that's
what I was running into a lot when I was trying to find something and luckily textbook er finally got back to me so mm.
No,
no, they don't
they?
Yeah, they've had me like about 2.8 cents a word, so it's really not great but
two
Yeah, it's definitely something that's like a couple of different random little online things going right now so it adds up.
All
Mhm. Have you looked into happen?
Wait
fine. We're just so hard to get into you.
definitely better than just
that's how we
got
more leads.
No, not before all this started like I just started in early May with it um It took me a long time to get into it like the whole qualification processes and stuff like that. Heard all I have um to going right now, one where I just review ads on Instagram and then another one where I just do you think web page to a certain podcast and see if it's relevant or Not? Pretty easy work really
look.
No, not really not what those two you have uh a bunch of different like projects you can work on with those, but those are the two that I've been accepted into so far
Blind bridge. I haven't gotten anything back with line bridge, but I've got my phone tells me that the skin likely just avoid it. It's great.
Unfortunately, that's like all the balls there. Mhm.
Especially when you're looking for a job
like everybody just after scanning, don't they? Really don't have any money. Well come on, it's somebody else. Mhm.
Now I grew up here um moved a couple different places in my lifetime. I came back here, been all over in texas.
It's
never
Dallas texas
really. We're not missing much.
Thank you. Mhm. What do you teach anyway?
Yeah.
Mm.
of
course.
And it's
They're nothing like this has happened in any of our lifetimes actually. Okay.
I'm
sitting,
Have some coffee left in last night.
Gone
20.
Yeah. Before all this, I was always about like I go to work around two o'clock, wake up at noon, so that was very normal
and just
like
it
all
Yeah, it always does. It just goes like later and later and later. And then for a while there I was like through april almost the entire month I was waking up at like nine PM. Right when the sun was going down and I'll just stay up all night. Oh
Yeah. You know, I think you get stuck in that though. Yeah. Okay,
What?
Yeah. No, not really. I talked to my mom and my sister on the phone. My husband was here for a while and you know, I left my back down to Kansas city. So
First, well my mom and my sister, they're both nurses, so they've been busy working. My other sister was a hairdresser and so she was out of work, but her husband that was still able to work, that he works at a water treatment facility plants. So they're doing okay.
We
had,
yeah. Not at all really. We're talking about the same amount just checking in occasionally.
Thanks
after
you.
You know this,
Yeah.
Mm. Yeah. That they're going to do a lot of cutbacks to when things do start opening up. Yeah.
Mhm. About like 40% or so they're predicting. Uh huh.
That is huge. Okay.
Has a Chicago opened up any or? Yeah.
The person.
No.
14.
Mhm.
No
problem.
No.
Yeah. They're opening up quite a bit like the restaurants and stuff are open again.
Like I was going to walmart and the Applebee's was completely packed like around, I think it was like the fifth or sound, it was insane. I was like, why would everybody just blocked Applebee's immediately? It's not even that good.
Right.
Mm hmm. That's the one you're going to risk your life for. Is Applebee's some microwaves like boston.
What's
up?
Okay. We're going into like faced you on friday. I think that this week I don't really know what Phase two means, but yeah.
Well,
I
have long
hair.
Yeah, I have no idea. I'm completely just like to myself, so mhm.
My cats super happy that I'm stuck here coming
up.
Right.
Mhm. Yeah. I think if I can keep doing okay on textbook, they're like, I won't have to get another job now. That's pretty good. It took me about 18 days to get a, At least about $1,000 a month. If I write at least About 1500 dirt words a day, which isn't that bad.
Conference.
Yeah. No, it be like full 30 days. But I also have like Apple and and other things like that going to, so I won't have to write that much every single day. Yeah.
Oh yeah, definitely. Because I could still get demoted down to and there's some four stars right now on text broker, but I can get knocked down 23 stars and there's like going to work for three stars just a couple articles a week. But there are four stars and five stars. There's like 1000 a week. So.
Yeah. You know,
That's
what
Yeah.
I
bet that's hard.
What
do you think?
Thank you.
Yeah. General you can definitely have multiple advance for the stuff. Surprise
awesome that you were doing that before. All of this started to because you have a nice foundation. That's
Thanks.
I decided to come hang out on the couch.
Uh It's for you. You know contraction of his and burger
super club. I know.
I want to.
That's
Mhm.
Now
the first video thing I saw that like $14 and I was like, yes, I got to jump
on that.
Yeah. It's gonna be super awkward. But yeah, that's like 20 surveys right there. Mhm.
If Yeah.
It
was
It's trying to get that money, you don't know how bad you're going to need it. Mhm.
returns
That's why I never even touched surveys before this just because of the right 30 pages just add stuff. Mhm.
Yeah, and then they don't even pay you at the end, it's not about prolific because you're guaranteed
mm.
No.
Thank you. Thank you. Uh No, I've just been watching tons of Youtube videos on just work from home stuff and lots of google searches and lots of dead ends with her. A lot of scams out there, It's definitely a full time job trying to find work online.
It's
very
cultural.
Yeah. God, that's like I'm not about to happen, That would have been nice.
Text broker. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, I'm definitely gonna look the more stuff just to be a little more secure with it because happen. Doesn't have work all the time. Thank you. The day before yesterday they spoke ain't, Which is like one of the projects they even work on with them sent out like about 70 tasks that you could do with them. And then after that, like I might not get any more for about two weeks.
Yeah, I'm signed up with them.
I
haven't
given
anything yet.
you. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think so. It's supposed to be 25. Oh yeah, we definitely are.
it was a nice chat and good luck with the teaching.
Yeah.
Well
Anything.
We'll definitely check it out. I didn't realize that they gave you like lesson plans and stuff and slides, so
I know.
come
on.
this morning.
So I definitely will look into that. That's a really good lead actually. I didn't think it was something I could do.
What?
We go back to the page that we're on and then click the little arrow at the bottom and then you do like a survey. I'm
sorry.
I
think so. Yeah.
All right. Bye.