Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Oh. Oh. Problem. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hello and I found out that kind of yourself? Oh okay. Oh
wow.
Uh It doesn't look like it. Did you like a page of instructions before this?
Yeah. Let me just look finish. Yeah. Mhm.
No, just this is chad
the proof.
How did you end up here?
But
rick son?
What was your job
Not familiar style
narrator.
But it involves like going out into stores then
prophecy. Well how are the surveys going? Yeah.
I've been doing something similar. I'm still employed which is really lucky um That I'm
so I'm teaching from home which is just pure chaos. Yeah.
Before I was trying to for the summer I'm trying to pick up some online sl teaching stuff. Um But I haven't done I mean this is my first time now during any online teaching, so we'll see how it goes this summer, but yeah,
things
about Cambly, but I heard like it takes a while to get students.
What was it?
So where do you live, where are you
Sagna texas were part of the state is about it?
Okay. Gotcha. I'm in Chicago very far away.
That's a pain. Yeah, because your sleep schedule teams, like.
So were you just like getting into it last night and had coffee and kept on going?
How long how long does it take to do one enjoy?
Bruce.
Such. Yeah. Um What do they have in writing about you have any choice or do they give you topics? How does it work?
I'm
brand
new.
that's
quite
a like a random mix of topics. Yeah. Have you ever
got
that's
that's helpful because, I mean, I looked into a lot of this online from home stuff before and sometimes you put in a lot of time researching ideas and then it turns out whatever the company is that you're interested in, they don't really have a lot of work going around and I'm sure right now there's more people than ever trying to do stuff from
home.
they pay well for online step,
just
we say, have articles
to get them while you can.
but it's
something, is that the idea?
yeah, it does. I know, I've been trying to get a few things here and there and the team teaching um but I get interrupted all the time by my students, but
that's okay, I'm like that's my, that's my job, I have to, you know, do with that first um But yes, definitely a strange time.
Uh Yeah, I've looked into Athens in Lyon Bridge
pretty similar um
That's what I've heard, I went through part of the application and then I just was like, do I really want to do this, I should probably do online sl teaching like a S. L. Teacher makes sense. Uh Yeah,
I'm definitely, I don't know about you, but I've definitely heavily read all the Reddit forums on stuff like that in the Lion Bridge and I
want
that.
Yeah. Nice. Um I've heard a lot of negative stuff that happened, but on the other hand, like a lot of people go there to rant about negative stuff sometimes, so um have you used after before, you have any experience with it?
Yeah. Do they have like uh
work available pretty consistently or does it,
Yeah. Happen in line bridge or something else?
Cool. Yeah. Thanks. Technology.
Well, it seems like phone calls these days. Yeah. That's using
certain.
So you're from texas originally, we will do all your life or is this a new place for you?
Mm hmm. That's once they
have
not
been to. I've never done.
I think I flew to Dallas once when I was a lot younger, but that doesn't,
I teach 2nd grade, mostly english as a second language, but not entirely so pretty much every second grade subject you can imagine. Um, so luckily my students are old enough that they like, they know how to use the chromebook, They know how to interact online. It seems really young. I know, but they can handle it. Um, so do a lot of google meets, still have like six or seven of them on at one time. Um, we had to have a lot of talks about meeting your microphones around google meets and raising your hand and I'll yelling at once or, you know, putting the camera into your mouth or other stuff. The chat box is going wild with kids. Like the first week they were all just, you know, typing hello to each other and then someone realized, oh, I could type part and that would be wild. So it's been an interesting management situation. But no, they're like, they're from kids and they can, they can handle the google news stuff, it's okay. Um,
but uh, yeah,
I feel through them, I cannot imagine me a child during this time
trying
to understand what's happening or,
you know, a lot of parents to, you know, adults, we don't have single situations right now. So imagine you also have a kid, you have to, you know, help out and make sure they're they're feeling secure so it's a rough time for them overall,
not even close
to this.
Yeah. You know, I was thinking, you know, I should keep a journal during this time or something, so in the future I can look back on it, but it would be just the most boring journal effort, you know, there's nothing interesting
good idea. Yeah. My sleep schedules in order off to definitely, I'm not a morning person, but when you teach, you have no choice. Um So I used to be like up at five a.m. Person, which needed and
stopped immediately, so I'm shifting back to my neck Colonel self
a little bit.
Yeah, I think
I
like
no obligations. That's how my body would naturally shift
into that kind of soup. especially,
I've definitely done that before where I've had time off or something that shifted so much like I'm going to bed so late work in the morning really that I'm like, you know, there's no point in me trying to go to bed for an hour and then wake up and have a day. Like I'll just stay up all night and reset. That's a lot easier.
So are you stuck at home by yourself or do you live with
people? Do you get to like talk to other humans during this time or?
is that where he's from? Okay. Yeah. How's your family like bin third this time?
Yeah. Yeah. Are you guys talking more during this
time
or like has it affected the way you talk to your family or doing it with them?
Mm. one of my relatives created well discovered what's up and then created a massive family group chat for like the extended family and the dance and uncles have just gone wild with it. So my point is constantly buzzing with uh notifications that you know my aunt in Seattle has sent me for the entire family like 4 to 5 news articles in five minutes and then you know everyone's turning back and it's been interesting because I definitely I live I live in Chicago but none of my family was anywhere near me. So when I see them it's simply
holidays. Yeah it does definitely. I've lived out
of the United
States for a lot of time so really I feel a lot closer now so you know it doesn't feel too too bad but you know I'm adjusting the holidays now all of a sudden like hearing from them constantly and it's been interesting for sure. But yeah, with my, my like sisters and my parents, I feel like we've been just chatting the same amount. My one of my sisters, her job lets her work from home, so she's the real okay. But the other one works in like tv production. So she um works at a station when they produced baseball games. She's been out of a job this whole time and it's even if and when baseball comes back, they'll probably cut down on staff. The shoes had a hard time um, and recycling and being a wedding photographers. So that's also not happening too much right now. But
yeah, but I mean it feels like everybody knows a lot of people who are really in
tough job situations right now if you're not yourself, you know?
definitely.
that's yours.
Yeah. I feel like I've seen a lot of video surprise a lot of surveys that I've been taking service. They're all COVID-19 related, all these. You want to know what people think about reopening and when and how and when will you be comfortable doing this? And it's just the more you see those questions, the more you think like when would I be comfortable doing these things right now? I don't know. Very unclear.
Um We've been on pretty much full lockdown since the middle of March. Um and now the state Governor has laid out the plan where there's five phases of reopening. Um I think we're in Phase two now,
but every four weeks for the state, Every two weeks for in Chicago, they re evaluate based on the data, how many people have been diagnosed, how many people are in hospital, how many people will have died if we
can move to the next thing isn't that you just like you know, progressively more open. Um But we've just been told like
I don't know where you're going into the next day so um right
now restaurants of course we just pick up or
delivery.
Um Places like salons and barbershops are all close, anything non essential as close. Um I think state parks are open but most of the city parks and like lake
shore areas all closed because um when it was open people were going out there to too much too many people. Um So it's kind of the same so far there hasn't been a lot of talk of reopening yet. Family. Yeah. Little by little house it where you are
so out,
I know all the choices. That's when you're really missing
for weeks.
Right. Just get that
from
the freezer section of your grocery store. It will be better. Yeah. Yeah.
And
every state has a different idea of phases and whatnot. How are people feeling about like they're like, is there a general feeling that people want to reopen or is it like no, we need to stay shot
me.
It depends
on who you talk to, who knows?
Yeah. Me and my dog's been getting a lot more attention than usual, so yeah.
I'm a
little worried about this when the day comes that, you know, on eight hours a day again um it's going to tear the place up. Right.
That could be a while.
That's not too bad at all. No. 1500 words a day. He said 18 days
since 2000.
Yeah. It's good to have it coming from a couple of places just in case.
huh. That's good now. Yeah. Yeah I just finished interviewing with the kid this week. I don't know if you've heard of them
very like a probably the biggest um online teaching platform um in china. So they hired tons and tons of U. S. Citizens um to teach my mine And they paid like the base rate is probably like $15 or
$16
an hour, but most people make more like 2022. Um And the other thing is like you hear a lot about people having lots of bookings and then suddenly no bookings so it's not you can't count on a certain amount of hours per week but a lot of people teach like full time on it consistently. Um But
You know you also basically entertaining small Chinese Children and that you don't have
everything
wrong sometimes. Like I had a friend who was like I talked to see for 25 minutes, like just put her feet up in the camera, I never saw her face. Um But yeah, so it's like it's a lot of hoops to jump through on friends, but
it's
pretty consistent and um
solid, like they've been around for quite a few years now and they've definitely dominated. Um But yeah, I'm thinking about trying to do that for the summer. I usually teach that a summer camp and that's obviously not happening. So got a piece it together for a little bit, but 3000 by my ancestors.
helps.
it's a get in for sure. But also like as a
teacher, yeah, as a teacher there like here and teach these slides were where it's like, no this is not what I've been trained to do. But it's also you can turn your brain off and do it pretty easily so I cannot complain overall. Yeah. Was that your cat in the background a minute ago? Yeah.
All what's his or her name?
Perfect.
Well, I uh, I need my dog Molina, which is, it's just like a Argentinian medium that I like, they thought
it sounded cool. And now when we meet people walking around that they asked her name, they always think I said Melania and then I named her. I didn't think about that when I was thinking. But yeah, yeah. She's definitely loving on the extra attention. That right? My boyfriend and I are both here all the time. Um, she's kind
of a cleaning dog to begin with. So yeah. But that's actually, you know. Mhm.
Have you been doing like focus group stuff online now or other video things or is this the first time you've done
with,
you
know? Yeah, I was like this could be weird but
and a lot less clicking too so that's yeah I did um I did one other video one and it was a couple of days ago, it was a focus group so it was there were maybe seven or eight people and then a moderator um and it turned out to be very clearly about credit unions. Um So it was a lot of questions about, you know, have you ever considered a credit union? What's good about a credit union, what do you know about them?
You know and everyone was just like not really concerned with financial changes right now, like we had, you know if I had to get an auto and right now I'm sure I guess I consider it. But I have bigger things on
my
mind step. Yeah.
I'm sure that's kind of why they did it. You know, just to know how people are thinking during this time. But it was just very repetitive and long. But you know, it was 100
bucks for an hour and a half so I cannot sing under that. Mhm.
And then you're screened out of Yeah.
Yes. And it's just like the platform is so much more user friendly. Like you're not All these in your sites where the page looks weird. You know, there's 50 different versions of a survey page. Just yeah, much more straightforward. What's the prolific ones are actually a little interesting sometimes. Like they're less commercial. Um
Because the research last thing. So you're not like I have
to tell you everything. I think about this. So, the ad. Really? Yeah. But it's online. So it helps. Mm hmm. Have you pretty much been spending your time like looking for online work and doing online work? Have you been doing any other stuff during the
it is really enough. Yeah, for sure. But
you
did
you say you've been reading like the Reddit forum on this kind of thing? Yeah.
So happened. And what's the the article and brokers
Certainly planning to stick that there was two or look for more stuff.
For a while. Yeah. That has been pretty cool. Have you heard of user testing?
Okay. I even
put
I
heard it. Yeah,
that's the Netherlands. I guess you signed up for a lot of stuff. And when I was in contact with us. Yeah. Well, good luck with everything. I hope that you keep getting, you know, multiple sources are online. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh
yeah.
Well I think we're all set right
Oregon. Well all right.
Thank you. Yeah. Good luck with all the online stuff in general. And honest, if you if you like even a little bit are considering it, they will hire any needed english speaker. Um as
these online yourself places. So if like
you need to Children online doesn't totally sounds awful, which it really does for some people. Um
It's definitely like a consistent income. There's places out there and read it has a lot of good info on it.
Yeah. You don't have to do any planning. And like they essentially hold your hand to the whole, like the interview process is really just like
training you like in basics like how would you talk to the kids?
So
it's like, it's kind of like they teach you how to do it. They know that most people coming in our teachers. So um if you can see english with an american accent,
it's definitely a possibility. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. Check it out. Most people who
do it. I'm not teaching your have teaching experience. Um It's definitely something you can pick up, but yeah. Well, good luck with everything in place to meet you. All right. Let's see how do we get out of this to click through another future?
All
right then I guess we can just close this
window.
Okay. All right. Sounds good. Thanks to chat with you.