Okay. Yeah. Pink. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Just okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Just Yeah. Yeah, sure. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yes, we should. Okay. Thank you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Look. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, how's it going?
And
eric doing well?
Yeah, I did one of these like a couple weeks ago and uh
is very odd, but well, anyway, how are you, are you surviving quarantine? What's
your name?
Robyn? Nice to
meet you.
That's fair. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not the same. Uh it's been a little lively of late because my old boss contacted me about like a project that they needed help with. But other than that, not too not too crazy. Just uh
um so I'm in massachusetts, so we're like kind of back to normal and we're good, we're good as far as like tests and things go. Like we haven't had very many positive tests lately, but we had such a bad time with it at the beginning that like, I think we're still like slower to restart than most, which is probably
for the
good. So,
what about yours?
Makes sense. Are you in, are you in like northern to southern California?
Okay. Gotcha. Yeah, that's, that's the, that's where the cases are right now, too. Right. That's
all
Sorry.
I got
it.
It, yeah, that's that's fair. Uh huh. Likes going on walks and stuff a lot when this first started, like, particularly prior to the mass requirements because the masks make
it a lot more depressing. But there was a period where I went for a walk and I encountered five ambulances during that walk. Okay. It's really terrifying. Like saw multiple people getting wheeled out of places on stretchers. So yeah, I'm just as happy to stay in. It's there. So
Are you working, are you working from home or
no.
Got it.
Look.
Yeah, it makes sense. I am I sort of I'm a bit lucky because I've always sort of hated going to the gym. Um Not like I like exercising, but I don't like exercise with people around. So I kind of, I had like a like a home workout Ricky and sort of thing. And so
it
was
like super
convenient
for
this.
I can see that.
Yeah, that's all right.
That's all right. Yeah.
Whatever. Whatever I think gets you through right. Like that's the main thing. Hopefully a vaccine and stuff coming soon.
Yeah. I mean it's the earliest timeline. I I thought it was plausible was like january. So we'll
see.
Mhm. What do you do?
interesting. Where do you
wanna go
to grad school?
I
got
it
Um I just got done with grad school actually yeah
material Science and engineering so so I was working but I was working on specifically like it was sort of barely material science it was it was much closer to like proteins, peptides like biochemical stuff. Um So yeah
it was. What is that?
Yeah it was it was an interesting experience. I wish I enjoyed it more. I I really didn't like my advisor which is my advice for you is like find somebody who like you can work with for five years
because it's really
like that's like by far the biggest correlate with like how happy a person is in grad school is like the relationship with their advisors. So
it doesn't.
but but yeah, I mean it's done now and I have a job, but it's like I got delayed because of all this stuff. So
now
I'm just
like,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like, like uh june I was, I was in the cancelled convince mint, so yeah, thanks
theoretically, I didn't attend mine, but
Yeah, I I understand that completely. I think if it were like undergrad, I would be a lot sadder, but honestly I've
done is like my third time through and like people were not like going to come, like my parents were going to be there, but probably not because they would come for my defense, which is like at a different time than the graduation. And so like
Yeah, so, so and the other thing is I just hate the way that my college organizes it because they, they tend to um, they don't do like assigned seating and they don't have like one point of entry. And
so that means
that anybody who wants a good seat has to get there and line up like three hours before it starts.
Yeah, and then it's outside, which is kind of nice in theory, but like it's outside regardless, like there's no inside alternative.
And
so it's just kind of, it's miserable. They like hand out sunscreen.
I went I went to a friend, I went to the graduation like two years ago for like a friend who was graduating with her bachelor's. And uh basically I didn't like it at all and I very strongly recommended to everyone that I met not to go. So I wasn't I wasn't really planning on attending. I didn't really care to see what the online version looked like, but it's not a big deal. So
I'm
done.
They,
didn't send out the diplomas because they needed someone physically there. So I got a, I got a digital one that's
like
Blockchain certified. Very
weird.
I mean, yeah, I'm going to get a real physical one, but I don't think either of them is like a particularly useful document. Like I've never heard of a, like an employer or someone asking you to like show
them your PhD
or
whatever.
So yeah, I don't know. So what do you want to do specifically like uh with epidemiology?
That's
Wait, so heart
disease, like theological. I thought that, I mean it's not like transmissible, but do they still like model at the same kind of way?
That's
fascinating.
I'm not
hurting
Yeah. That's awesome. I am. I mean, I, I always felt like epidemiological models are sort of under used for certain things. Like
I, there's there's actually um two I I one of the I I donated wants to to some place that was doing, they were looking at violence is like an epidemiological problem. I think it's just like the cure violence project. This is like a while back. But anyways, they essentially, we're looking at model and gang violence that way. And we're trying to,
trying to basically just head off conflicts before they happen by like having somebody in the neighborhood who would like,
right. Like they kind of know when things were about to happen and try and try and talk people out of it. Talk people down etcetera.
Well, it's cool. I hope you,
I hope you. And why are you doing for like a PhD or masters?
Makes sense.
it just well, so I mean I just, I just finished my PhD but
the only thing, I mean the only thing I know is it varies a lot feel to feel like, like I know the hard sciences, they basically want you to have a PhD for most jobs and then like some people get masters, but you usually don't want to apply for one. You want to apply for the PhD program because that's where they're hiring people and so like you can get a masters by like quitting your PhD part way through, but you don't apply to do a masters and then do a PhD
and sir,
um you know, I thought about it some, I don't, it's not the direction I'm currently going in, but I definitely like, you know like my dad teaches like a community college and I can see myself doing something like that. I decided to avoid academia basically because my experience as a grad student has been, everybody who's like pre tenure hates academia, like
they don't they don't say they hate it, they don't think they eat it, but they live every day of their life in misery because they like they're trying to get grants that are getting cut off over time and they're they're just stressed all the time and they're
working
crazy hours and
so
I mean the other thing is it's not like it's not like you're in the lab doing the research, like when you're, when you're in academia, like someone else is doing the research and you're just kind of vaguely overseeing it and so like
And and so like I I really wanted to do academia for like the first like several years I was here and then I I am decided decided it probably wasn't for me. And so I started started looking for other routes which fortunately worked out so it's all good. But yeah, I mean it's interesting. I mean like I know I know like but I know it's very different in other fields like public health, like there's basically nobody gets phds except people who are going to teach and like masters is what most people need to work professionally and
that's
that's like architecture too I think. Mhm.
That's
Shit.
Well and do you know I mean like so the nice thing about the PhD route like if you sign up for a PhD first is like you got a stipend the whole time, I was like I pay your situation and you get paid so
so that's like yeah I mean that's like part of why I did it this way as opposed to like the other way. I think
that's why
most people
do it that way. I know. I know like at least for like my fields, like the advisers really don't want you to to just do a masters because they don't want you to turn up and they have to train you in for like two years and then you're ready to go and you just believe so they are excited about that, which is why they don't like typically admit them. So.
But
it's
so my new job is actually like it's still interesting so like uh it's very lateral like it's not directly material science, but I'm going to be um essentially like a consultant sort of person for a patent law firm because people apply
for like
chemistry and material science patents and they need people who know what they're talking about to like help write those up and so on. And so it's
yeah it's like yeah it's it's very weird. I'm hoping I like it but if I don't I can always bail and try and find like a like an industry job. But
I
Yeah I just think it would be interesting to learn like you know, I've spent a lot of time doing material science and like I can still learn stuff like I'm not done learning but I feel like the pace at which I learn new things has gone down a lot and I want to do something completely new where I'm like learning a lot and so just change of pace. So that's what I'm going for right now.
boston.
Yeah, totally. It's it's a big, it's a big tech hub so it's easy enough.
Right right. That's that's the hope anyway so we'll see. Um.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually almost went to almost went to grad school and and southern California. I and it was hard because I did my undergrad in the midwest, like I did my undergrad at Iowa State University. Um And it was the day I left to do my visit uh It was -20 not including wind chill,
you know Iowa and I went to,
I
went to L. A. And when I got out of L. A. It was like 90 degrees so it was like more than 100 degrees difference between the two. It was a rough going back.
But. Yeah.
That's what I gathered. It's actually really weird being here because this is like, you know like in kids books you like learn about the four seasons or whatever, but in the midwest it's not like that, like you get summer, you get winter and there's maybe like a week when the leaves change or like a week when it's like spring and so but here it's like actually like they're like real seasons, like you can you can it's like multiple months for spring and fall
and
it's
just crazy. Yeah, it's really it's really nice actually. Well as humid too. I didn't like the weather in the midwest very much I realized once I left, so.
Mhm. Yeah, I I grew up in Illinois. Um So yeah, I went to school sort of outside Chicago and then went to college in Iowa because it's cheaper, so.
it's it's a it's a beast. Uh
Well and the other thing was I was so excited to be in California. Well, so I'm vegetarian and as a vegetarian you would think I would like vegetables but I really do but in California I like the vegetables because they were like incredibly fresh compared to what always used to because they're like grown
around there and stuff so that's nice.
All right, interesting.
Well maybe it was just like maybe it's just like where I eat or you know it always depends right you can always you can find
fresh stuff or whatever but I was excited because like every time I eat there like it was just it was it was really good.
So yeah.
Yeah and I'm now in the seafood the seafood part of the world and I don't enjoy it at all because I can't eat it. So
you're magisterium yeah so
so
No
it's been that way since I was 13
so more than half of my life
this point, I don't think I'm likely to go back, but
it really wasn't a factor for me at the time, but I appreciate it now. Um I mainly did it for like environmental reasons, like I just saved, the carbon output was really high and nothing output was really high. So um
Yeah, I was a little weird as 13 year old,
I was was very strongly opinionated. Um
Uh huh. But yeah,
just now everything else, it just seemed like kind of wasteful, like, I don't know. Anyways, it doesn't really matter, I don't really care what other people do. It just for me it works.
I also didn't like me that much, so it wasn't a hard thing to give up, so
because
makes sense.
So you like,
are you
scott
yet?
That makes it easier. Yeah, my grandpa was so um
I mean that made the transition simpler because there's always going to be vegetarian food around anyway, so
Uh huh. Are you are you living by yourself or with family
or?
Well,
and it's really nice.
Yeah, I'm with my fiance um and nobody else, which is nice most of the time. Like it's good because we have enough space. Like I think that would make it harder as if we had to be in the same room all the time. But like
I mean it's like it's like nice to nice to have you around, but like I need a little bit of space to get some
work
done or whatever, but but it's it's been it's really good. Um It's just I also we just we used to have people over to our apartment and have yeah, kind of like
I'm not exactly parties, yeah, like social events or whatever, we we
watched shows or you know, it's sort of sad not doing now, we've been trying to do a lot of it by zoom and stuff, but it's not quite the same,
it's
little hard to set up.
no I haven't, is it
any good?
tool
We'll have to keep that in mind. I haven't played it that much actually, we've been doing a lot of tabletop simulator um like there's like steam, there's like a board game stimulator sort of thing. Um And so we've played betrayal at the House on the hill a few times um
Which have you ever played that game,
it's pretty fun and you're like, it starts with everybody on the same team, you're like exploring a house. Um And then one of you usually usually sometimes not but usually they're like a bunch of different scenarios and usually one of you ends up as like a traitor that's trying to kill the other people in the game. And so it sort of separates out into like one versus everyone.
Um And it's the scenarios are different every time, so yeah, I don't know if I recommend now on the table tops familiar because the rules are like hard to like
manipulate
it.
So I think you have to pay for like the game like like the tabletop simulator and then like you can get you can get individual games for only one person has to get the game for everyone to play it.
So.
It's interesting.
Yeah. I mean at a time like this that seems pretty worth it. Yeah.
That's nice. Have you? And have you, I I know a few people kind of reconnected with friends from out of town or whatever. Like once all this stuff started, like, have you done any of that?
I've done a little bit, but mainly because I just had more time since I graduated, so like,
it's just need things to do.
Yeah, I will be till september. So, um
like a little bit. I picked up like a part time
job with the university and I've been doing like online tutoring, which is always like,
interesting. So yeah, it's been cool. I've been uh enjoying it mostly. Sometimes it's a little, sometimes it's a little growing like this this guy is like taking, he's like, he's self studying linear algebra and he's going at like a massive paste because it's like the only thing he's doing, and he just like, wants to go through, like, problems
he doesn't
understand.
And so like he yeah, he's like sending me like a list of like 20 problems every, you know, two days or
something. And he's like, I want to go through all these and
says
it's
rough.
Yeah. Well, usually they're college people yet, mainly because I think you can tutor high school students, but I've been tutoring college students mainly because of the subjects that I've been tutoring, like, like college physics and calculus, linear algebra or all college topics, basically. So, so
yeah, but you can tutor like algebra or writing or that I've gotten requests a couple times for like help with college apps, which I've never really wanted to do. But
it
is,
yeah. I mean the only thing is that you can't
plan around it, right? That's
that's
that
feeling.
Yeah. Because like, you don't know when you're going to get like it's it's sort of like freelancing like your tutor when people want you to tutor. And
sometimes usually not usually. I mean I just like don't want to work really odd hours. I get requests. Like I think somebody I'm tutoring is like an Estonia right now and wanted wanted lessons at like noon her time, which was like four a.m. Here.
And I was like, I'm not doing that. We're not doing that. But if you can do in the evening Millwork. So
mm I did have a did have a chat with the guy in Singapore who uh he's like a 50 year old guy wasn't taking classes or anything. They just wanted to know more about material Science. So I got to like chat for an hour and a half about just the things I thought were cool and material Science, which was
fun.
Yeah, I got paid for that. It was great. I told him I told him to let me know anytime he wanted wanted to chat
again,
so
that's cool. Yeah.
All right. Well I feel like we've done the time.
we
just
I think we just hang up all double check uh because I think they just let you talk for as long as you want. Um So let me see. Uh
yeah, when the conversation is complete or if it gets interrupted or whatever, please just return this browser tabular with the survey. So yeah, so I think we I think we can call it
so
Nice to meet you
too. Natalie. Good luck with the grad school.
I hope
it goes
well.
Yeah. Thanks. Take care.