since we're here.
Good. How are
you,
bizarre. Yeah.
What?
Pretty
Natalie,
thank
you. Well um pretty bored I would say. Um
but other than that trying I guess. How about yourself?
Are you in a state that's kind of back to normal at all?
Got
it.
I'm
in California so I feel like people here pretty back to normal but the cases are rising so there is more on the cautious side of not wanting to go out regardless so
it's very helpful. Yeah.
So
kind of
different
I
think I'll avoid going outside.
What?
Take your daily life now. It is bizarre.
Yeah I actually always work from home. Um So
that's not really any different.
It's more of the actual pretty much like the weekend sitting or even evening things being able
to go to the gym and I don't know, window shop, that sort of thing.
That's
not
different
for you
man.
Oh my gosh, I'm
not motivated at home at all. So yeah.
Just become a lazy human being
Try to go on walks. My parents are like way better at that. So they're always like, hey why are you, why are you going on a walk or anything to do enough for much? Probably could do it better.
Yeah.
Yeah. I know that there's um trials going on. I know they've recently started human trials to, which is kind of cool but okay. See what comes from that never happened.
end
of the year time. But yeah.
Um I actually am hoping to get into grad school for epidemiology. So public health. Um and in the meantime I do social media and medical buildings. Kind of random. Yeah.
How
about
um kind of up in the air um kind of at this point it's like where I get in um
civil speed.
Not
totally decided. What about yourself? Yeah.
Yeah that's really, what did you study?
that's cool.
That's really cool.
Make
plans
you're saying. Huh? So it's something
that you don't really think about it for that. Uh huh.
So
it's
like
you recently graduated that?
Do in our mind commencement and such.
Okay. I mean I've never cared for graduations to be honest with you but um like you can call graduation that's okay cool whatever. But I know a lot of people are just devastated and not being able to have their graduation
fair.
That's funny.
Every
school.
I love the noise.
Got
it.
Where?
Yeah I mean at least you're you're done which is the
big thing.
That's
pretty simple. She's
that's
interesting.
Is that something
that pretty much is that good to use for however long you want or
girl
smart
about
some things that you don't have.
Um I mean I think working with like a chart a at risk population would be really cool. So one thing that I thought was really cool was that I think is really cool looking at heart disease and low income populations. Um So that's something that that kind of touched a little bit and undergrads or something like that would be really cool. But I
mean I feel like a dream job would be like the CDC, something like that eventually. So yeah
remark
Yeah, there's a lot of different models for it, so obviously it's not transmissible but there's so many different factors into it. Um Even looking at like grocery store distribution and um exercise patterns. Obviously safety there's a there's a bunch of different factors that go into it that a lot of times do affect low income people.
So I
specifically
out
low income woman but obviously it would impact the men as well so yeah that was really cool for an underground to look at so.
You are,
Well it's interesting
just having an intervention program for a lot.
Yeah programs are really helpful for different things just having that in place. And I think that's a problem with a lot of areas don't have access or funding or I guess people just don't care to help those areas and they might do another area so that's where it's interesting. Yeah
or
um masters would be first step um Then I see but at this point I want to get my masters. Yeah.
How about yourself?
Um Hear me? Okay Got it.
Got it interesting. Do you
with your page? You do plan on teaching at all?
Why?
why
that?
we thought
I'm borrowing it for like the research and the funding. It's kind of warm.
Yeah. Actually getting to do what you want to do. A lot of interesting.
there
is,
it's, it's a huge field with different, I think it really, you have a lot of routes to go. But yeah, in terms
of getting paid, you
probably want to end up getting your PhD or teaching or something, but yeah.
So what injury
present
different
markers?
interesting.
And then
you're doing material science, what specifically would your new role be?
Isn't
going?
crazy.
That's
pretty cool. So something total kind of unique?
pretty, pretty cool. And you, you said you're in the you're in massachusetts. Are there
a lot of um are there a lot of jobs then for that there?
So you could, if you need to find something else, it's not that not too hard I guess.
No.
cheers.
Of
course.
bizarre.
Hello? Uh Well, if it makes you feel better, the weather here is kind of mundane. You don't really have much of any change. So it gets a little gets kind of boring, especially when you see people on the East Coast experiencing seasons. So
but
the
offline
you grew up in the midwest or do you just go to her college?
Got it. Okay, interesting. Uh Yeah, the humidity is, I know uh my family in Buffalo and I've gone to the toilet and the humidity during the summer is just group. So
one thing we're in California, I'm like, ok, I can't complain too much if it's dry heat. Yeah.
It's not
that's funny. And come over here, I'm like, I feel like things are not brushed but looks funny.
Yeah, That's that's funny. Mm.
obviously.
And
Yeah.
Okay. So you're just pure vegetarian?
Pretty, pretty cool. Was Abbott?
Have you been that way for years or is that like a recent transition that took a while
to get
there?
that's
That's right. I mean if you haven't been eating meat bar on doesn't seem to be. Plus there's all the studies that show that some of it's just not that great for you. You're not missing out.
And when you thought of it as a 13 year old, he said
that's
That's interesting. Huh?
No.
definitely.
I'm not vegetarian but I don't cook any meat. I get really grossed out at it. So I think lately more and more so I'm finally okay,
we don't really need like chicken on the grill. Yeah, I totally get it.
And
lot
of proletarian. So a lot of my family's vegetarian, so that's another
thing.
And
Help.
I bet.
No,
I don't. I live with my boyfriend and then to roommate. Yeah.
So
so definitely haven't felt like isolated I guess because I know a lot of people if you're just like alone, it's a little bit more hopeful waiting. How about yourself?
we're in the same room and a lot of times it is like uh Yeah.
What's
funny
social?
It's fair.
we've
done like
I don't know if you've heard of the game settlers of Catan or some want some huge on um have you played the online version?
It's
really good it's pretty similar impressively to the actual game itself. Um In a way it's a little bit easier to because everything is kind of laid out right in front of you but that's a really fun to play over zoom um
Get people together so. Yeah.
mm
I it sounds familiar I've never played it
interesting.
The
clock. Is
that is that like a free thing online or did you guys pay for like some sort of like expansion pack or?
Yeah that's like the
baton, the online version. You can play for free but I think your cap to playing With four people if it's for free I believe. So if you want to play with more than you
think it's $10 so but only one person has to pay the $10 which is nice, so it's kind of indefinitely yours.
It definitely gotten used out of it, so it's pretty, pretty fun. Um And the um aspects kind of cool to to be able to have the game pulled up and then the web chat so kind of.
I feel like the friends if dr pretty much like the friends that I usually would talk to me to be honest, to be honest with you. I have heard the same thing but me personally not so much. How about yourself?
Got it
And you said you're waiting for your job to get started and everything and
it's already kind of just bored out of your mind every day.
Whoa.
that's pretty
He wants
to just
fly through it
forever.
She
would.
And are
these college kids, are they high schooler?
interesting.
Pretty cool. That that's actually a really cool thing that you're able to do on the side to tutor because I feel like that's like kind of easy money if it's something that you're
familiar
with obviously.
But
you know
you said
you can't
point around it.
Got it. So you have do you get really odd hours to them?
Well
That's fair. Yeah. The four. I am a little early.
what you're
saying and you just got paid for that?
What
about the
tactics? Oh
You can say. In fact,
Yeah, I was working at the time. I feel like we must have done 25. I have no idea how this ends though. To something pop up
for
you.
Thanks.
Well it
was nice to meet you.
What?
Thank you.
Good luck
with
you bob.