SPEAKER_R: And eric can you hear me? Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so sorry,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I would hold the friend.
SPEAKER_R: that's okay. Hi, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good thanks. Um So I don't know if you're comfortable sharing names, but my name is Danny, Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Nikki nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet Nikki, how's your day going so far?
SPEAKER_L: It's good. Um I just got out of like a two week quarantine after a covid exposure. So today was like my first day back in person at work and it was like also good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: though I understand. Well but you did not get sick?
SPEAKER_L: no, I got tested
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: negative. It was
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: a close call, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. I'm glad that you did not get sick. Um Did they miss you at work?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I hope they missed me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, good. I know
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: right now we're having a lot of people who have exposures and have to be out and that kind of thing and um it's tough for staffing where I work. Um We just had in the same like branch, we have one manager that her daughter got exposed so then she had to corn, the daughter had to quarantine and that then of course meant childcare was an issue
SPEAKER_L: number.
SPEAKER_R: and so there's the childcare issue and then now it turns out that mom has to quarantine too, and we had a different branch with two different people out quarantining. And uh yeah it's been, most of the time has not been because people are sick but just exposures have been making a lot of people in this work right now.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. And the cases were surging and like nowhere is safe and
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. Where um um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: do you live in the US?
SPEAKER_L: I do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well part of the U. S.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm actually born and raised in san Francisco, but I moved to philadelphia about 2.5 months ago.
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually I was born in philadelphia actually.
SPEAKER_L: No way. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I live in Minnesota. Um And I don't um my family used to live in pennsylvania, but yeah, no I was actually born out there but I don't sound like it, so.
SPEAKER_L: You don't say like john and like
SPEAKER_R: No no
SPEAKER_L: I'm not.
SPEAKER_R: I do I was mostly raised in Minnesota, so I say like enough to and sometimes it does like a specific Minnesota word. Um Yeah it's like it's like I've a if you're jewish. Yeah like oh like you know. Yeah to um that's
SPEAKER_L: So funny.
SPEAKER_R: your fun Minnesota word. Other fun Minnesota fact. Um We don't play duck duck goose in Minnesota, we play duck duck. Gray duck. It's
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: played, yeah it's played almost the same way. You know the kids sit in a circle and go duck duck, but instead it's like grey duck and then you run or the next one is like green duck or red duck, like there's a color in front of every duck and um yeah it's just a deer, different weird thing for absolutely no reason. Minnesota is the only state that plays duct upgrade up.
SPEAKER_L: That is so peculiar. I've never heard that, thank you, thank you for saying.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Any weird fun facts I need to know about san Francisco or philadelphia.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to think. Well, I'm very new to philadelphia, so you might know more than me. Yeah, but san Francisco bay area. I don't know I mean we say hello like that's our slaying and like I've been to this hilarious but I've been hearing it a lot everywhere so I guess it's like no longer just the san Francisco Bay area. Think I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: I get that though. There are different things that you say a lot more in certain areas, like I've heard people say hello, but my sister actually lived out in Portland for a while. Um So she's you know, been on that side of the country for a while. Um But like where I went to college was this small town in mostly southern Illinois. And they would say instead of like a pen, they would call it an ink pen, they'd be like, hey can I use an ink pen every time?
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: Like they would never just say, hey can I borrow your pen? Hey can I borrow your ink pen? Drove me crazy like
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: what other
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: of fun is there?
SPEAKER_L: wow that's so specific wow
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, I love those kinds of like regional ISMs. But
SPEAKER_L: I'm learning more about it. You sound well traveled you
SPEAKER_R: somewhat yeah actually um In the continental us there's only two states that I have. No, it's actually one now in the continental. US. I've been to every all 48 except for Maine. I have not been domain.
SPEAKER_L: War it's,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I need to get to main. Um My family used to travel a lot as uh like car trips and that kind of thing. I've seen a lot of the U. S. I have not been to Canada maybe sometime. I mean I'm in Minnesota, it's not that far been to, I've not been to Mexico either, but I have been out of the country, I've been to uh France England, a tiny little bit of Italy Germany, I think that's it. No,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: no actually I went to brussels to, yeah, how about you? What what's your travel history look like?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man not as exciting I must say.
SPEAKER_R: This? Is it,
SPEAKER_L: In terms of like the U. S. This is pretty much my first time like leaving California because I went to like I grew up there, I went to college there. Um I have also front I mean family in hawaii so I've been to hawaii a lot.
SPEAKER_R: wow, I've never been there,
SPEAKER_L: You said what you say.
SPEAKER_R: I have never been to Hawaii, it's also on the bucket list,
SPEAKER_L: you have to go. It's
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: heard that any particular island.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I was about to say, well okay, if you want the tourist experience like Oahu will definitely give you that. But my family is from Maui and like I just think it's the most beautiful of all the islands. It has all the waterfalls and like it's very tropical. You can like zip line and I mean
SPEAKER_R: that sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's exciting.
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Hawaii. I've been now to to pennsylvania. I just visited new york like the first time. Yeah. And I've been to, I think I've been to Mexico but it was so little, I don't remember, you know not the metadata. I did study abroad in Madrid so.
SPEAKER_R: Although exciting. So you've been to spain when you were in spain, did you travel at all in europe?
SPEAKER_L: so I've pretty much like covered all of spain and then I went to like Portugal and like Morocco. Um
SPEAKER_R: Sure.
SPEAKER_L: I went to like a very like tiny part of like France and italy, but I don't know if it counts as like, you know me being
SPEAKER_R: That's basically me to like, we went hiking in the south of France and we technically went into Italy. Um but
SPEAKER_L: that's exactly what is it called, Do you
SPEAKER_R: Oh goodness, I mean I was down studying in con. Um so and
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: then we
SPEAKER_L: logic.
SPEAKER_R: like did like little regional trips. I did very similar actually studied abroad um in paris, but then we also had like a three week thing in Khan and I did um like all over France. The only place I didn't get to in France was Alsace and Lorraine which are on the border with Germany. I didn't like, I kind of drove through them well like rode on the train um but I didn't like visit them as much, but you've been to, so you went to, do you say you went to Morocco as well? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, I'm jealous of that. I want to go to casa Blanco. So bad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah, I went to Mark. Okay. It was actually a crazy trip. We were supposed to spend longer. Like we're supposed to spend like four days maybe, but it's a little hard with, you know, setting abroad. You only get like weekends really. And So what happened though was like one of my travel bodies got like steak at the last minute and we had to like change our flights around that and we only ended up staying in like Marrakech for like 24 hours. It was ridiculous. It was like 24 hours. We were there. We like try to do everything.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah. That was me in London the first time we went to London. So like we flew from Chicago to London and then we were staying in London for like three days, but they didn't want us to have jet lag. So they made us stay a week when we got to London. And at that point like I've been traveling on the plane for 15 hours and there had been a blizzard delay when we were in Chicago. So like I left my parents house at six a.m. took a two hour bus then to waited in the airport for like four hours and then had the 15 hour flight. And so like I've been a week now since you know, five a.m. My time, it's been like 20 something hours and it's now one in the afternoon and you want us to stay awake until like nine PM. So we were like Okay. And we we tried to see a bunch of things, like we wanted to go to a pub and we went to Westminster Abbey and we went to the tower of London and like I literally have no memory of doing a lot of these things because like I've been awake for like 30 hours by the end of it and like I've got pictures of myself at Westminster Abbey, but like actually remembering it. Not really. And then Yeah. Yeah, that was, I'd love to go back to London because like it's hard to see London in three days and like we went to a play for part of it, which was wonderful, it was an excellent play. Um But like I didn't get to you know, go to a lot of things that I wanted to, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. play takes up like a bunch
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: of time.
SPEAKER_R: stick
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: with the whole evening. Um Well that's exciting, so are you fluent in spanish
SPEAKER_L: I'm getting there, I'm not a native
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: speaker,
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: but I use it a lot in my work now. I work in like a clinic uh in Philly and a like huge like like a majority of our population I would say is from Puerto rico, so definitely I'm trying to get up there with my fluency, you can't say there yet, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I used to translate for french speakers when I first graduated from college and um I was pretty darn good, like when I got back from France I was pretty good and then for the after college I worked um as a translator for about a year and then I worked in banking and I worked as a translator for the bank that I worked at and then I moved and stayed in banking but I stopped using it and that was like five years ago so now like I can have a passable conversation uh but not to the degree that I could five years ago,
SPEAKER_L: yep, I feel
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that like exactly the same.
SPEAKER_R: and like you know if I'm like if I'm hearing french and a movie or in a song I can usually understand the gist of everything. Um But yeah I mean it's one of those things that stupid saying you don't use it, you lose it like with language. Oh
SPEAKER_L: 100%.
SPEAKER_R: it's so much. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Did you have like a host family in France?
SPEAKER_R: kind of not really. Um The way that my program did it in France was like you basically rented a room from someone, so I rented a room that I shared with another person. Um And we paid extra to have dinner with the woman who owned the house once a week you know? But like that was really are only interaction.
SPEAKER_L: How interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it was very different. She did really like me actually. She offered for me to stay on as the Opare for her grandchildren.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, wow,
SPEAKER_R: but I was like no thanks, I'm gonna go finish college.
SPEAKER_L: you are,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah so like I you know i it was a very different, it's not the same way that like I know some of my friends and studied abroad in spain were like a part of the family that they stayed with and like they still like have their family that they knew come to their wedding and things like that like that was it was not like that I never had any contact with her since then. But what was your experience like?
SPEAKER_L: I did have a host family in Madrid, it was very interesting, they did not speak english um so it was full immersion, which is great, you know, it has its challenges when you're like, I
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: really don't know it was word and I can tell you in english. Um I
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: had like a single host mom, she was very young, very beautiful like model beautiful like wow. And she had an 18 year old daughter, which is really cool because we really close enough in age where I don't know like she wasn't in college yet so I gotta like, but she was applying to colleges basically. So it was really interesting to see how like the education system works in Spain's. I literally knew nothing but they have to take all these tests. Like it's not an application is so different. And then like, yeah, she had like really good recommendations for like bars and clubs and I never went out with her. I think it has been like a little weird, but she was always like, oh you and your friend should like go here on this night. We were like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we didn't there was no um
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing like that for me it was it was like an older woman, her husband had died. She
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: hope,
SPEAKER_R: and she was retired not like old but you know probably 65. Uh Yeah it was it was definitely not like she didn't tell me where to go, she offered to take me to church for easter. Um That was the only recommendation that she had for anything. Um
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but makes me miss that time of my life.
SPEAKER_L: and what?
SPEAKER_R: none of that happening. No traveling right now. So uh what took you to Philly?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I just graduated college mid pandemic. So I had, you know, the
SPEAKER_R: Congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: commencement with virtual, which was they, you know, I've never expected to graduate college and and then watch my graduation in P. J. So,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No man,
SPEAKER_L: um but I, so I graduated, I was supposed to actually do the Peace corps and go to Peru but alas did not happen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: too bad.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's okay. I ended up, I knew I wanted to do like community service and I figured like might as well do it in America, which happens to the problems. So I'm doing America or not
SPEAKER_R: Money
SPEAKER_L: much different.
SPEAKER_R: dad did AmeriCorps when I was a kid. Yeah, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Where was he located?
SPEAKER_R: Minneapolis Minnesota yeah. Yeah. Well that's exciting. I had like I had very seriously toyed with the idea of doing the Peace Corps, but for me like the two year commitment, it was too much like
SPEAKER_L: huge. It's huge.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and I have much younger siblings. So um my little sister, Cora was born when I was 18 and so when I was graduating college she was um she was 3.5 about to be four and then my mom was also expecting when I was graduating college, so I have a younger brother who's um oh gosh. Uh he is 23 years younger than me, Yep. So and he's um he's six now, so I told you how old I am 29. Um And like they I'm a their big part of my life and like I love them and you miss so much when you're gone. So like when I got back from France cora um she was three at the time and I've been gone for like seven months and every single story she told me um she would end it or started with you weren't there even once, like I could be in the story that she was telling and she'd be like you weren't there, you were in France. Um So so like i it was you know now my life has worked down to a point where I, I love it. But yeah, I mean that, that two year commitment, it's huge.
SPEAKER_L: you have to operate your life and like some, some of the locations, you're completely like I
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Like when I was in France, I had a phone that I could call home from any single time I wanted to and I could video call and you're just not guaranteed that, so do you want to try to do the peace corps when you finish with AmeriCorps and if the world is a different place?
SPEAKER_L: I've been, I've been asked this and I've contemplated it and I'm not sure because ultimately I want to go to med school and I'm, you know, uh, end of itself is gonna take many years and I don't know how
SPEAKER_R: I will,
SPEAKER_L: old I want to be before I go and
SPEAKER_R: yep. I mean at this point in your life, you start having like big long term thoughts and, and conversations with yourself. Like I get it, my husband right now is in law school actually. Yes, yep. And so, um you know, he wanted to like get experience and he worked as a paralegal for a while and decided, yes, that was going to be for him. Um But you know, at a certain point you start looking at like, okay, well if this is where we are and we're still in school and eventually we want to buy a house and have kids and like there's a clock on all of that. I,
SPEAKER_L: Any packet.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I get it because the med school be a big time commitment and yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard.
SPEAKER_R: It's, it is, but you're getting really good experience right now, I mean.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I, I think so. I really enjoyed my time in affiliates. It's so unique. It's so
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah. What you said you work in a clinic, is it a medical click, yep.
SPEAKER_L: A medical clinic that serves primarily a like a population affected by substance use. So we work on like recovery and like medication assisted treatment for opioid use and psych mental health. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. I mean that, I mean it sounds like great experience for you plus you're working your second language, which is always beneficial in any, you know position or anybody that works in any medical capacity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know it's been amazing And I really love it. You
SPEAKER_R: And you're,
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: so you're doing okay being in Philly, I assume you're away from your family.
SPEAKER_L: I am. I actually like moved to Philly and I knew nobody here. Didn't have any family or friends and it's been okay though. I'm going to go home for the holidays to see them and we like do a weekly zoom call with
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: ahead.
SPEAKER_L: literally all my family. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's been okay. I think, you know, given the covid times, I think everyone suffers a little bit of isolation but gather connected somehow.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. Yeah. I mean it's definitely tough to move away from your family but when in covid times I think it makes it a little bit, I don't know it can be better or worse because you're a little bit more connected. I think people are making more of an effort to stay connected to people now than you know, other times good they can get to go home for the holidays. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You are you still located in your family men?
SPEAKER_R: my most of my family lives about five hours away um driving so um you know relatively close. We I I don't know exactly what we have plans to see them this weekend to do. Like an early thanksgiving. So I'm
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: excited for that. Everybody covid tested. I'm
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: still a little anxious about it because you know obviously you could um be presymptomatic, you you may still test positive in the coming days and almost all of this work. Um You know I I work in the general public, my sister works in mental health and the general public
SPEAKER_L: murdered.
SPEAKER_R: most of us have potential exposures. Um So I'm a little bit, but my family is relatively healthy, relatively young. I don't think we'll see my husband's family because they are older and less healthy than my family this year. So that's kind of tough. But I just don't want to be the reason that one of those guys get sick.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And I understand.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Yeah, I think you know, my husband seems fine with it now. But then like I think as we get towards christmas I think it's gonna be a little bit harder.
SPEAKER_L: I know I'm talking the holiday is not being able to see family. It's very triggering and just have,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. But yeah. Are you flying home?
SPEAKER_L: I will be, which is a little frightening.
SPEAKER_R: Although
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that study did just come out that said that flying was actually relatively low risk.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, I saw that too. I mean it made me feel a little better, but at the same time like you never know.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, absolutely. I flew in june or july and like at the time I flew Delta and they were advertising that like they're doing all this cleaning and they're making all of their crew and everything do mask wearing. And like I actually took a picture and tweeted it at Delta. The entire crew not wearing a mask. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, hey Delta, like remember your promise to keep everybody safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How do you just let that slip like that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I mean it was a pilot in like full gear and every flight attendant and of course they were in the airport before boarding but still like you should be wearing a mask. So I hope that you're flight is safe and covid safe and you have a really, really good trip.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you know, I really appreciate that. So you mentioned you had like a sister who works in like mental health and you also have the little sister and brother. How many siblings do you have?
SPEAKER_R: I have quite a few. I have five in one family and then I also have a half sister that I don't have as much of a relationship with. But yeah, there are three of us become ourselves. The the original set, there were three girls um, myself and two sisters that I grew up with and then our parents started over um and had two more and then I have a half sibling too.
SPEAKER_L: Honey?
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, we're a pretty big family.
SPEAKER_L: That's so lovely though. Like that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: honestly
SPEAKER_L: this,
SPEAKER_R: love it so much. I can't couldn't imagine my life differently. How about you big family?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not as big, I just have one older brother, one older sister, but there's a 10 year age gap between them and me. Uh you could say, you know, I guess my parents started over.
SPEAKER_R: Do your, do your siblings think that you were raised differently than that?
SPEAKER_L: That's an interesting question. Um I think, yes, I think that they think I'm like super spoiled, but you know, I am, I also think like they're like, first of all, both my brother and sister were put in like christian school and like went to church every sunday did bible study. My parents like totally slacked off with me because I never got like any religion in my life, basically a nap
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: now as an adult, they're like, wow, you, you should be like reading the bible and I'm like, why didn't you do this thing like
SPEAKER_R: that's so funny.
SPEAKER_L: now that I'm an adult, so it's different. I would do so
SPEAKER_R: I, I just ask because my sister, the one who is closest to me at age, she gets a little it better is a strong word, but like my mom was incredibly strict when we were little like just crazy strict. And now like the second set of kids, not, she's got a lot more patients and she's not nearly as strict and you know, I think it's for the best, but Lauren will be like, what do you mean they're allowed to do this? We weren't allowed to do this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no, all the time. All the time.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: right with the province.
SPEAKER_R: it is funny. I think it's really interesting. I think parents tend to either relax a little bit or my parents went the opposite direction actually though, the little kids are in religious school and we were not. Yes, yep. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like they go to chris, they go to Lutheran schools and, and we did not,
SPEAKER_L: wow. So they totally did the opposite.
SPEAKER_R: they did the opposite, like dead opposite. So
SPEAKER_L: There have some money.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like cora and Jamison can recite bible passages, they memorize them every week and I'm like, cool. I know that one in john, but I think we reached our time. It was so nice to talk to you tonight.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was nice to really, it was really nice to meet you. You said Danny was your name?
SPEAKER_R: Danny. Nicky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: Well, nice to meet you. Nicky. And I hope you have a great night.
SPEAKER_L: You too.