I'm so sorry,
I would hold the friend.
I'm good. How are you?
I'm Nikki nice to meet you.
It's good. Um I just got out of like a two week quarantine after a covid exposure. So today was like my first day back in person at work and it was like also good. Yeah,
no, I got tested
negative. It was
a close call, but yeah,
I mean, I hope they missed me.
Go
number.
Exactly. And the cases were surging and like nowhere is safe and
Mhm
I do. Yeah.
So I'm actually born and raised in san Francisco, but I moved to philadelphia about 2.5 months ago.
No way. Really?
You don't say like john and like
I'm not.
So funny.
Hello.
That is so peculiar. I've never heard that, thank you, thank you for saying.
I'm trying to think. Well, I'm very new to philadelphia, so you might know more than me. Yeah, but san Francisco bay area. I don't know I mean we say hello like that's our slaying and like I've been to this hilarious but I've been hearing it a lot everywhere so I guess it's like no longer just the san Francisco Bay area. Think I'm not sure.
How
so
did
it
wow that's so specific wow
I'm learning more about it. You sound well traveled you
War it's,
All
Oh man not as exciting I must say.
In terms of like the U. S. This is pretty much my first time like leaving California because I went to like I grew up there, I went to college there. Um I have also front I mean family in hawaii so I've been to hawaii a lot.
You said what you say.
you have to go. It's
beautiful.
Yes, I was about to say, well okay, if you want the tourist experience like Oahu will definitely give you that. But my family is from Maui and like I just think it's the most beautiful of all the islands. It has all the waterfalls and like it's very tropical. You can like zip line and I mean
But yeah. But yeah,
I've been to Hawaii. I've been now to to pennsylvania. I just visited new york like the first time. Yeah. And I've been to, I think I've been to Mexico but it was so little, I don't remember, you know not the metadata. I did study abroad in Madrid so.
so I've pretty much like covered all of spain and then I went to like Portugal and like Morocco. Um
I went to like a very like tiny part of like France and italy, but I don't know if it counts as like, you know me being
that's exactly what is it called, Do you
My
logic.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, I went to Mark. Okay. It was actually a crazy trip. We were supposed to spend longer. Like we're supposed to spend like four days maybe, but it's a little hard with, you know, setting abroad. You only get like weekends really. And So what happened though was like one of my travel bodies got like steak at the last minute and we had to like change our flights around that and we only ended up staying in like Marrakech for like 24 hours. It was ridiculous. It was like 24 hours. We were there. We like try to do everything.
Yeah. play takes up like a bunch
of time.
All
I'm getting there, I'm not a native
speaker,
but I use it a lot in my work now. I work in like a clinic uh in Philly and a like huge like like a majority of our population I would say is from Puerto rico, so definitely I'm trying to get up there with my fluency, you can't say there yet, but
yep, I feel
that like exactly the same.
100%.
Did you have like a host family in France?
How interesting.
Oh my gosh, wow,
you are,
I did have a host family in Madrid, it was very interesting, they did not speak english um so it was full immersion, which is great, you know, it has its challenges when you're like, I
really don't know it was word and I can tell you in english. Um I
had like a single host mom, she was very young, very beautiful like model beautiful like wow. And she had an 18 year old daughter, which is really cool because we really close enough in age where I don't know like she wasn't in college yet so I gotta like, but she was applying to colleges basically. So it was really interesting to see how like the education system works in Spain's. I literally knew nothing but they have to take all these tests. Like it's not an application is so different. And then like, yeah, she had like really good recommendations for like bars and clubs and I never went out with her. I think it has been like a little weird, but she was always like, oh you and your friend should like go here on this night. We were like, yeah.
So
no.
I
hope,
well
and what?
Yeah. So I just graduated college mid pandemic. So I had, you know, the
commencement with virtual, which was they, you know, I've never expected to graduate college and and then watch my graduation in P. J. So,
um but I, so I graduated, I was supposed to actually do the Peace corps and go to Peru but alas did not happen.
And
yeah, it's okay. I ended up, I knew I wanted to do like community service and I figured like might as well do it in America, which happens to the problems. So I'm doing America or not
much different.
Where was he located?
huge. It's huge.
you have to operate your life and like some, some of the locations, you're completely like I
get
it.
I've been, I've been asked this and I've contemplated it and I'm not sure because ultimately I want to go to med school and I'm, you know, uh, end of itself is gonna take many years and I don't know how
old I want to be before I go and
Any packet.
it's hard.
Thank you. I, I think so. I really enjoyed my time in affiliates. It's so unique. It's so
A medical clinic that serves primarily a like a population affected by substance use. So we work on like recovery and like medication assisted treatment for opioid use and psych mental health. Yeah.
Yeah, I know it's been amazing And I really love it. You
know,
I am. I actually like moved to Philly and I knew nobody here. Didn't have any family or friends and it's been okay though. I'm going to go home for the holidays to see them and we like do a weekly zoom call with
like
literally all my family. Yeah.
It's been okay. I think, you know, given the covid times, I think everyone suffers a little bit of isolation but gather connected somehow.
Yeah. You are you still located in your family men?
Go
No.
murdered.
Right. And I understand.
I know I'm talking the holiday is not being able to see family. It's very triggering and just have,
I will be, which is a little frightening.
But
yeah, no, I saw that too. I mean it made me feel a little better, but at the same time like you never know.
Yeah. How do you just let that slip like that?
Thank you know, I really appreciate that. So you mentioned you had like a sister who works in like mental health and you also have the little sister and brother. How many siblings do you have?
Honey?
That's so lovely though. Like that
makes
this,
I'm not as big, I just have one older brother, one older sister, but there's a 10 year age gap between them and me. Uh you could say, you know, I guess my parents started over.
That's an interesting question. Um I think, yes, I think that they think I'm like super spoiled, but you know, I am, I also think like they're like, first of all, both my brother and sister were put in like christian school and like went to church every sunday did bible study. My parents like totally slacked off with me because I never got like any religion in my life, basically a nap
now as an adult, they're like, wow, you, you should be like reading the bible and I'm like, why didn't you do this thing like
now that I'm an adult, so it's different. I would do so
no, all the time. All the time.
It's
right with the province.
Yeah.
wow. So they totally did the opposite.
There have some money.
Yeah. It was nice to really, it was really nice to meet you. You said Danny was your name?
Yeah, that's right.
You too.