And eric can you hear me? Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
That's
that's okay. Hi, how are you doing?
I'm good thanks. Um So I don't know if you're comfortable sharing names, but my name is Danny, Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet Nikki, how's your day going so far?
though I understand. Well but you did not get sick?
Good,
good.
Well that's good. I'm glad that you did not get sick. Um Did they miss you at work?
Yeah, good. I know
right now we're having a lot of people who have exposures and have to be out and that kind of thing and um it's tough for staffing where I work. Um We just had in the same like branch, we have one manager that her daughter got exposed so then she had to corn, the daughter had to quarantine and that then of course meant childcare was an issue
and so there's the childcare issue and then now it turns out that mom has to quarantine too, and we had a different branch with two different people out quarantining. And uh yeah it's been, most of the time has not been because people are sick but just exposures have been making a lot of people in this work right now.
Oh no. Where um um
do you live in the US?
Well part of the U. S.
I'm actually I was born in philadelphia actually.
Yeah, I live in Minnesota. Um And I don't um my family used to live in pennsylvania, but yeah, no I was actually born out there but I don't sound like it, so.
No no
I do I was mostly raised in Minnesota, so I say like enough to and sometimes it does like a specific Minnesota word. Um Yeah it's like it's like I've a if you're jewish. Yeah like oh like you know. Yeah to um that's
your fun Minnesota word. Other fun Minnesota fact. Um We don't play duck duck goose in Minnesota, we play duck duck. Gray duck. It's
played, yeah it's played almost the same way. You know the kids sit in a circle and go duck duck, but instead it's like grey duck and then you run or the next one is like green duck or red duck, like there's a color in front of every duck and um yeah it's just a deer, different weird thing for absolutely no reason. Minnesota is the only state that plays duct upgrade up.
Yeah. Any weird fun facts I need to know about san Francisco or philadelphia.
I get that though. There are different things that you say a lot more in certain areas, like I've heard people say hello, but my sister actually lived out in Portland for a while. Um So she's you know, been on that side of the country for a while. Um But like where I went to college was this small town in mostly southern Illinois. And they would say instead of like a pen, they would call it an ink pen, they'd be like, hey can I use an ink pen every time?
Like they would never just say, hey can I borrow your pen? Hey can I borrow your ink pen? Drove me crazy like
what other
kind
of fun is there?
But yeah, I love those kinds of like regional ISMs. But
somewhat yeah actually um In the continental us there's only two states that I have. No, it's actually one now in the continental. US. I've been to every all 48 except for Maine. I have not been domain.
Yes, I need to get to main. Um My family used to travel a lot as uh like car trips and that kind of thing. I've seen a lot of the U. S. I have not been to Canada maybe sometime. I mean I'm in Minnesota, it's not that far been to, I've not been to Mexico either, but I have been out of the country, I've been to uh France England, a tiny little bit of Italy Germany, I think that's it. No,
no actually I went to brussels to, yeah, how about you? What what's your travel history look like?
This? Is it,
wow, I've never been there,
I have never been to Hawaii, it's also on the bucket list,
I've
heard that any particular island.
that sounds awesome.
That's exciting.
Although exciting. So you've been to spain when you were in spain, did you travel at all in europe?
Sure.
That's basically me to like, we went hiking in the south of France and we technically went into Italy. Um but
Oh goodness, I mean I was down studying in con. Um so and
then we
like did like little regional trips. I did very similar actually studied abroad um in paris, but then we also had like a three week thing in Khan and I did um like all over France. The only place I didn't get to in France was Alsace and Lorraine which are on the border with Germany. I didn't like, I kind of drove through them well like rode on the train um but I didn't like visit them as much, but you've been to, so you went to, do you say you went to Morocco as well? Oh
my gosh, I'm jealous of that. I want to go to casa Blanco. So bad.
Oh yeah. Yeah. That was me in London the first time we went to London. So like we flew from Chicago to London and then we were staying in London for like three days, but they didn't want us to have jet lag. So they made us stay a week when we got to London. And at that point like I've been traveling on the plane for 15 hours and there had been a blizzard delay when we were in Chicago. So like I left my parents house at six a.m. took a two hour bus then to waited in the airport for like four hours and then had the 15 hour flight. And so like I've been a week now since you know, five a.m. My time, it's been like 20 something hours and it's now one in the afternoon and you want us to stay awake until like nine PM. So we were like Okay. And we we tried to see a bunch of things, like we wanted to go to a pub and we went to Westminster Abbey and we went to the tower of London and like I literally have no memory of doing a lot of these things because like I've been awake for like 30 hours by the end of it and like I've got pictures of myself at Westminster Abbey, but like actually remembering it. Not really. And then Yeah. Yeah, that was, I'd love to go back to London because like it's hard to see London in three days and like we went to a play for part of it, which was wonderful, it was an excellent play. Um But like I didn't get to you know, go to a lot of things that I wanted to, so
don't
stick
with the whole evening. Um Well that's exciting, so are you fluent in spanish
getting
there?
Yeah I used to translate for french speakers when I first graduated from college and um I was pretty darn good, like when I got back from France I was pretty good and then for the after college I worked um as a translator for about a year and then I worked in banking and I worked as a translator for the bank that I worked at and then I moved and stayed in banking but I stopped using it and that was like five years ago so now like I can have a passable conversation uh but not to the degree that I could five years ago,
it's
and like you know if I'm like if I'm hearing french and a movie or in a song I can usually understand the gist of everything. Um But yeah I mean it's one of those things that stupid saying you don't use it, you lose it like with language. Oh
it's so much. Yeah
kind of not really. Um The way that my program did it in France was like you basically rented a room from someone, so I rented a room that I shared with another person. Um And we paid extra to have dinner with the woman who owned the house once a week you know? But like that was really are only interaction.
Yes it was very different. She did really like me actually. She offered for me to stay on as the Opare for her grandchildren.
but I was like no thanks, I'm gonna go finish college.
But yeah so like I you know i it was a very different, it's not the same way that like I know some of my friends and studied abroad in spain were like a part of the family that they stayed with and like they still like have their family that they knew come to their wedding and things like that like that was it was not like that I never had any contact with her since then. But what was your experience like?
definitely.
gosh.
No that's nice.
Yeah we didn't there was no um
Nothing like that for me it was it was like an older woman, her husband had died. She
is
and she was retired not like old but you know probably 65. Uh Yeah it was it was definitely not like she didn't tell me where to go, she offered to take me to church for easter. Um That was the only recommendation that she had for anything. Um
Yeah, but makes me miss that time of my life.
none of that happening. No traveling right now. So uh what took you to Philly?
Congratulations.
Yeah. No man,
Yeah that's
too bad.
Money
dad did AmeriCorps when I was a kid. Yeah, yep.
Minneapolis Minnesota yeah. Yeah. Well that's exciting. I had like I had very seriously toyed with the idea of doing the Peace Corps, but for me like the two year commitment, it was too much like
yeah and I have much younger siblings. So um my little sister, Cora was born when I was 18 and so when I was graduating college she was um she was 3.5 about to be four and then my mom was also expecting when I was graduating college, so I have a younger brother who's um oh gosh. Uh he is 23 years younger than me, Yep. So and he's um he's six now, so I told you how old I am 29. Um And like they I'm a their big part of my life and like I love them and you miss so much when you're gone. So like when I got back from France cora um she was three at the time and I've been gone for like seven months and every single story she told me um she would end it or started with you weren't there even once, like I could be in the story that she was telling and she'd be like you weren't there, you were in France. Um So so like i it was you know now my life has worked down to a point where I, I love it. But yeah, I mean that, that two year commitment, it's huge.
thank
you.
Exactly. Like when I was in France, I had a phone that I could call home from any single time I wanted to and I could video call and you're just not guaranteed that, so do you want to try to do the peace corps when you finish with AmeriCorps and if the world is a different place?
I will,
yep. I mean at this point in your life, you start having like big long term thoughts and, and conversations with yourself. Like I get it, my husband right now is in law school actually. Yes, yep. And so, um you know, he wanted to like get experience and he worked as a paralegal for a while and decided, yes, that was going to be for him. Um But you know, at a certain point you start looking at like, okay, well if this is where we are and we're still in school and eventually we want to buy a house and have kids and like there's a clock on all of that. I,
you know, I get it because the med school be a big time commitment and yeah, definitely.
It's, it is, but you're getting really good experience right now, I mean.
definitely. Yeah. What you said you work in a clinic, is it a medical click, yep.
wow. I mean that, I mean it sounds like great experience for you plus you're working your second language, which is always beneficial in any, you know position or anybody that works in any medical capacity.
And you're,
so you're doing okay being in Philly, I assume you're away from your family.
Come
ahead.
Yeah.
That's good. Yeah. I mean it's definitely tough to move away from your family but when in covid times I think it makes it a little bit, I don't know it can be better or worse because you're a little bit more connected. I think people are making more of an effort to stay connected to people now than you know, other times good they can get to go home for the holidays. So
my most of my family lives about five hours away um driving so um you know relatively close. We I I don't know exactly what we have plans to see them this weekend to do. Like an early thanksgiving. So I'm
excited for that. Everybody covid tested. I'm
still a little anxious about it because you know obviously you could um be presymptomatic, you you may still test positive in the coming days and almost all of this work. Um You know I I work in the general public, my sister works in mental health and the general public
most of us have potential exposures. Um So I'm a little bit, but my family is relatively healthy, relatively young. I don't think we'll see my husband's family because they are older and less healthy than my family this year. So that's kind of tough. But I just don't want to be the reason that one of those guys get sick.
Hello? Yeah, I think you know, my husband seems fine with it now. But then like I think as we get towards christmas I think it's gonna be a little bit harder.
Yeah, definitely. But yeah. Are you flying home?
Although
that study did just come out that said that flying was actually relatively low risk.
Oh, absolutely. I flew in june or july and like at the time I flew Delta and they were advertising that like they're doing all this cleaning and they're making all of their crew and everything do mask wearing. And like I actually took a picture and tweeted it at Delta. The entire crew not wearing a mask. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, hey Delta, like remember your promise to keep everybody safe.
Yeah. Like I mean it was a pilot in like full gear and every flight attendant and of course they were in the airport before boarding but still like you should be wearing a mask. So I hope that you're flight is safe and covid safe and you have a really, really good trip.
I have quite a few. I have five in one family and then I also have a half sister that I don't have as much of a relationship with. But yeah, there are three of us become ourselves. The the original set, there were three girls um, myself and two sisters that I grew up with and then our parents started over um and had two more and then I have a half sibling too.
No. Yeah, we're a pretty big family.
I
honestly
love it so much. I can't couldn't imagine my life differently. How about you big family?
Do your, do your siblings think that you were raised differently than that?
Oh wow. That's funny.
that's so funny.
I, I just ask because my sister, the one who is closest to me at age, she gets a little it better is a strong word, but like my mom was incredibly strict when we were little like just crazy strict. And now like the second set of kids, not, she's got a lot more patients and she's not nearly as strict and you know, I think it's for the best, but Lauren will be like, what do you mean they're allowed to do this? We weren't allowed to do this. Yeah.
But
I,
it is funny. I think it's really interesting. I think parents tend to either relax a little bit or my parents went the opposite direction actually though, the little kids are in religious school and we were not. Yes, yep. So
like they go to chris, they go to Lutheran schools and, and we did not,
they did the opposite, like dead opposite. So
yeah, like cora and Jamison can recite bible passages, they memorize them every week and I'm like, cool. I know that one in john, but I think we reached our time. It was so nice to talk to you tonight.
Danny. Nicky.
Well, nice to meet you. Nicky. And I hope you have a great night.