pretty well I think my person is gonna mess today. We'll see things. Clock alarm thing. Um Okay. Hey baby hi, how are you?
Help?
Can you hear me okay?
so my name's um Crystal,
I
don't know how far we can go with that. Um
Lemon texas.
You're in south florida. Yeah
I know, I know, I know and I've got a lung disease so I've got people page two so I have to stay in, you know? But
that's life.
In fact I really never I was never much to be out any anyway. I'd rather just be at home. So.
No it's not. I mean you have to be careful. We all do. I couldn't,
you know, I couldn't forgive myself if I had even been carrying it and passed it on. I mean my brother just had a baby there in Tennessee, that being her, I've seen her pictures and stuff. But uh what a time to have a child.
that's what, that's what's scary cause even young ones are passing, so it's not.
Yeah. But yeah, do you have any pets?
Well you know you weren't up that way but
their front,
yes, I have a 17
year old dog in the a five year old cat. And they were both, I found them in Chicago as strays.
I had I've had iguanas for 32 years, so this is my fifth one, my last big boy, he was like almost seven passed away um last november. But yeah, he was about £10. He was huge, but now I'm stuck with a little one, she's about seven months. But
I think you know from the things you learn like on how to take care of, especially exotics. Um I've learned a lot more because over the last 32 years things have changed. Oh
the care used to be oh put a pretty heat rock in the cage and you know, they didn't really talk about the VB lighting or that iguanas actually eat 95% dark leafy greens. That's their diet.
Thank
like, yeah,
it's easy.
I mean if you give them the right stuff, it's not that bad. You know, I'm like turnip greens, mustard greens, collard greens and we get them in like the big leaves. They saw him in the store, like kind of packaged. It's just like belief. Hey, you have to literally like store these things like in between, um, favorite towels because they can't get what they got to, you know, stay dry. But as long as she has a green, she's great.
She was seven months and she's a little chunky. Yes. Mm.
I don't know. I was eight years old and I really wanted one and my mom, we thought about it and it was funny because that weekend in the newspaper somebody was getting rid of a large one and it was a little aggressive but they were getting rid of all the stuff that went along with them. But I already had a 55 gallon tank at home. So um, we took him and then somebody else was selling you want us? We took, we went picked him up because we were broke at the time, picked him up and drove all the way up to the other side of the city to go to the lady who bred iguana. She had like 200 some tanks in her house under you know, huge turtle walking around and she uh yeah, she traded us the big one for a healthy little one.
That's how it all started. Well actually I worked with pets for a long time. My first job was at uh, a private pet store where I actually saw in a five gallon bucket, like uh snail. I've never seen a snail. This big, the opening was like this, I'm the, you know where it would breathe and eat or whatever the foot. But uh crocodiles, alligators, we used to go to reptile swaps.
So that's fun.
No, I'm on disability at home and I would love to foster, but I don't have a vehicle, especially the foster exotics because there's, there's a lot of people don't take care of them properly. And you know, I mean, yeah, like I was saying things have changed in the past 30 years and care and you know, like people don't realize that they don't need protein. They don't, they don't eat bugs. They don't, you know, some of them do is date dirt a little bit to get in their stomach or whatever, but they're not
supposed to have a lot of fruit and vegetables
make some hyper. It's too much sugar. Yeah. He gave them blackberries before bedtime. They're not going to bed. Oh no.
Trying to run around the tank and like mom, come on, let's go, let's go. Let's go. And she's, I actually lost her outside one Simon and I'm an apartment. She jumped off the patio and I'm sitting down there crying and I'm like, you know, I'm not gonna make a fool out of myself. And all of a sudden I fear like dark, like all the way from one side of the pool to somebody's patio. Oh
Thank God she ran in between the screen and the glass
on the patio so I was able to grab her.
Oh, I was scared.
I thought I was gonna. But you know she came home I think that was kind of a blessing.
So you live with your family in taxes are in south florida. Yeah.
So
it's how is it a high populated area?
I don't either at all. I mean you don't know who you can affect. Like you can carry symptoms not show any um and
still you know be a symptomatic and spread to somebody else and that's not fair.
No you don't.
Mhm. And then yeah you go home to your
grandparents
and your and it's kids. Two kids are getting just just a sick and surprisingly it's I think the ages people ages in their twenties were the highest. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
What
it?
Yeah. I mean
I
do
I can understand what kids they need to get out. Um
Well the best place if you've got a private beach or something, I can understand that would be one.
You
know, there are areas down there where but then again you never know who's going to call the police on you for being there because it's their private beach.
That's yeah, it's both homebodies. Yes, just hasn't affected us as well. Are you working right now?
it's good.
That's good. That's really good.
Yeah because everything else is starting to just kind of dwindle down. The americans are going on unemployment and I don't know, I don't know about this trump character. I'm not really crazy about him. It's like every day he's like purposely trying to piss people off.
I just,
I can't state that. It's like I get on facebook, it's like come on, you know I mean obviously he's a dick for brands, but it's just I don't know, I don't feel very good about this next election.
Um I be biden like I'm a democrat, but biden is a child molester. Like have you seen him
like
how
he gets all, you know, pulling their them clothes and then you know in their hair and then whispering in their ear and
I've sent numerous messages to Bernie Sanders personally trying to like would you let your kids hang around? This guy never got a response. I mean I understand he's trying to do what's the best for everybody, but come on, we have a rapist in office, you know, as as the President of the United States has paid people off and you know when people have that kind of money they can do anything they want,
you
know?
they do, they really do. And then, I mean it kind of makes it when it's the President of the United States, you know the way he has acted. Not like the police weren't brutal before. But it's kind of like okay
now same thing with you know sexual, you know touching your rape or molestation. Oh it's so you know, it's like not that bad. Like how can these people vote for a man? Like I don't even think I can vote for biden to be honest with you.
It's
it's
just
he doesn't apparently have some cognitive delay. Um But that's not what we need is a president and touching girls like that. That's not that's not right.
Like if he even put a finger on me I'd probably punch him in the face.
Like I would not be one to go to one of those things because we're gonna have a problem here, I'm gonna go to jail. Yeah. One thing that you know I mean, I
don't know, I don't know what's gonna happen. I mean I really don't think biden is any better than trump, you know, regardless on how much you know even Bernie is trying to get, I mean they want trump out of office and I understand that and you know the sad thing is I used to be Republican and now you know I'm a democrat. Um my mom actually admitted to me
that the only reason she's voting for trump is that so she doesn't have to pay more in taxes. So it's all about the money has nothing to do with humanity.
She doesn't she doesn't give a who right? I have very rich parents
and I have to live off 1300 a month
disability. Yeah.
they
had
$350,000. Lake house ball three cars
you know travel when they want. You know, usually they're driving now. But then my dad, he's got his own house on cars, got his boat. It's like, I don't understand, you know why they think it's so acceptable for just the difference living. And then
when I do ask for something little, it's like I get bitched at for it.
Well, I mean I've got two brothers and then a stepbrother and stepsister and it's funny because like I may not make much, but I flipped my credit around and I mean I've done so much and I'm actually proud of myself for it and I kind of think, you know, it would actually, it might suck to have a lot of money because everybody would want a piece of it.
Yeah. Well that's part of the reason I'd use the surveys. I love prolific. Like you don't
get disqualified for almost anything. so yeah, unless you like miss that questions, like one
of the uh
and sometimes you just click on the wrong thing and it's like, oh, but yeah, it's a pretty easy, like 5 $10 a day. Yeah.
How long have I been doing it? About a year and a half now.
Yeah. You'll get into like $50.55 dollars projects like monday Wednesday friday. I just did one last week. Um You can keep prolific just up on your computer on your phone or you know, whatever. Um and they'll just keep adding more, you know, you check back every hour so you can definitely make the money mm
you know, um I've actually recommended it to a few people. Um The biggest thing is just being consistent on your surveys then
watching for those questions because they'll kick you out. Yeah, my dad gets her. Uh How
long have you been doing, prolific?
you've been doing pretty good on it?
Very
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There are a lot better than like
other
survey companies. I love the fact that you don't get disqualified unless it says like women only or something. But that's rare. Um
That's right.
Uh huh. That's okay.
Yeah. We still got five minutes. That's no big deal.
It
was like
continue though. Really? I mean the last one I did like it was a guy and I don't know, we didn't get it. We weren't on like the same page. And you know, another thing is a problem like by three o'clock in the afternoon. I'm whooped, you know. But yeah, prolific is excellent for um, it's definitely something to stick to. Their paying better than any of the other survey companies right now.
I
know.
Are you kidding me? Like and and they actually, a lot of the companies dropped their values because more people were doing surveys because more people are at home so they sing with prolific is if it's there it's there you have an opportunity to grab it and they actually work off your demographics rather than asking you your demographics and then you get in one out of 10 times.
No.
Well
I know.
Yes. Unless it says like women only. I don't even know how some of those passed through and I've actually had a problem with one that disqualified me for something and I've been it straight to plural. I mean these their customer service, they will take care of it. They will stop that, you know, stop those surveys immediately and you know, deal with what the issue is before even allowing them back on.
Yeah, I've dealt with their customer support quite a few times. They were fast. They got back to me with within like 20 minutes. You know what I mean? It wasn't, you know, 234 days later. You know, I'm out of all the companies that I literally do surveys for prolific is my favorite. I mean, yeah, there's nothing else that's even you're, you're, you're not gonna make the money like this anywhere else right now.
Your
boyfriend keep having fun. They have some of them that, you know, you do for like a year. You do every two weeks. Um, I did one of those, I actually completed the whole year too, so I was pretty proud of my
Yeah.
I mean
it was only like 40 cents a survey, but I mean it only took me three minutes and it was the same survey every other week, so right,
boom, boom, boom, you know, I'm done. But then they see that you can continue, you know, continue to, you know, come when you say you're going to be there if they missed like the last two of these. Um because they scheduled them within like 24 hours and I didn't go back in and look so, but it's awesome. I hope you and your boyfriend like definitely keep doing it. It's described gig. So he's very and actually my best friend does surveys to Yeah. Yes. When I moved to texas four years ago, um I didn't have enough money so
I had
to figure something out. So at that point it's like I'll do any survey and then the next year it was like a dollar enough and then it was $2 and up and now it's like as much as I can make and up. But then I met my best friend two years ago and she's been doing them for longer than me,
I'm just more consistently on them. So it was interesting when we kind of got together and were like yapping off companies and her husband's just like, oh boy, but we motivated each other to keep going.
I
mean I think is it's in british pounds, so it's times like, you know, 1.21 or 1.22 depending on the day.
Is it that high
on paypal?
Yeah, it may have been, I only cash out about once a month to I do like all my cash outs just it was, Yeah, because I mean honestly I don't have money nowadays. They actually asked me through disability. Like is it easier to do your money now? And I'm like I had to be honest. Yeah because there's there isn't much of it and it's just got to go to where it's gotta go. It's not emotionally attached. Which is from. I love my home, I love my animals. I have great friends I have you know, okay family. You know, you know families. Yeah. We
love them but they can cause havoc.
but I don't want to keep you too long because I know you've got some stuff going on over there.
But it was really
talking to you.
You too honey.
And you're 20 minutes you get like about 20 minutes of questions. It doesn't take too long. And then yeah. Good
bacteria.