I'm good. How are
you?
Yes, I can. Can you hear me? Awesome. Mhm.
Here's Lonnie, nice
to meet
what?
That's in South florida.
we're both in terrible places to be right now.
Thank
you.
That's good. Yeah, for the most part, I kind of just usually a home body, so it's, I mean it's, it's been a little stressful to not be able to leave whenever I do like need some space for my family. But apart from that, like it's not the worst thing ever.
Come on.
probably honestly scary times. You don't know more quite the baby and stuff. No.
Or developing serious diseases after contracting it and stuff.
I don't actually have always wanted to, but um when my siblings were younger, they had a dog and they never took care of it and my parents got mad at them. So ever since then my parents have never let us have pets. So
deep
yeah, do you have any pets?
But
Yeah. No way.
That's so cute.
Right.
No way.
I
thank
you.
of course.
And while no one is why why iguana is like, why would like ready to start owning them?
You know that's so cool though, more everything started, that's just how everything started.
Mhm. Oh wow, that's so cool. Yeah.
that's cool. Do you like work with animals now?
I
want to sing.
Mhm.
Boy. Yeah.
what, What?
Well, let's go to. Okay. Okay. I was gonna ask for like, did you lose her forever?
What?
What?
I
do.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. For the most part, there's always a lot of people um and just, I don't know, I guess in terms of like everything with covid, I've seen so many people not really being precautious, not wearing masks now, like it's, I guess it's a trend I guess um for people to think everything is like a hoax and you shouldn't and it's okay to go out everywhere and I don't understand that logic by um.
Yeah.
Yeah and you don't know who you can potentially be like fatally impacting,
like someone lives could be on your hand and you wouldn't know and that's so scary to me.
I
want to,
Yeah,
I think it's because uh
for the most part I hope there's this very like um I don't know just doing whatever you want partying I guess. I mean at
first all the people that were in like south florida were people that were traveling on vacation for the most part, like I don't know, I didn't personally know anyone that was like out and about, but now I've seen so many more like my friends and like random people that I just know um going out on vacation, like going to the beach shops and um I don't know, just going out and I don't know, I don't see a need for it.
It would
be
helpful.
Yeah.
come
on.
right. Right. So yeah. I don't know. It's been it's been a weird situation here.
Yeah I am. Um I'm I'm still in college too so I've been taking classes still and for the most part um or like what I want to do in the future is basically just like social media management, graphic designing animation and things like that. So I've just been working on those skills like learning more. Um My job I basically run the social media for a small boutique. So I've been do the graphics um when boss goes into work and she because she lives right by the store so she packages everything I post whenever he needs to take pictures of the story. Like she has a tripod so she can do everything so we've been able to manage just fine. Um
Having to go in.
breast
yeah. I don't know.
But
yeah. Yeah. No, me neither.
I
think
so.
No.
Well yeah, when you
have
that money and you can you can easily get by the law, those people in the high positions find different ways to like to do bad things. Like to disobey the lot. That's I don't know. Mhm. Yeah.
you
You know, I
really don't know what to even do about this election. Like I don't inviting
us also
started showing like signs of dementia or some type of like forgetful word, mental disease. Um So some psychologists data are analyzing him. I mean what he says sometimes it's just like confusing, so.
No, no
agreed.
Good.
My
All
What?
Yeah.
I like it. I'm sorry
to
hear.
Do you think?
What?
Damn. That really sucks. I'm sorry to hear that. Mhm.
Basically, I mean maybe the that situation just helps you become more like hardworking and perseverance, so that's also something inviolable.
it's
like
tension cartons. Yeah.
long have you, pathetic? Mhm.
Okay. Okay. And you've been able to like make a good amount of like extra mm extra money on the side.
Interest
That
Mhm.
um I want to I think I just ended my second month so certain like beginning of me. Yeah.
Yeah actually I've been like pretty surprised like at the good amount of like extra cash I've been able to get like every every month because I do it with my boyfriend. So both of us um we kind of treated as a competition, we're both very competitive so
that kind of encourages encourages us to keep on checking and whoever like we bet on it whoever like wins at the end of the month like we owe each other something or we have to like like we bet money or something like that so it just keeps us motivated and then we we just like wait for the end of the month and we cash out then and we see like how we both did and stuff so coupon too.
Thank
you.
The fact that it has like that prequalification where they ask you a bunch of questions and then they only, sorry give me a second,
mommy is sorry they're remodeling our floors so
my mom just came and freaking out so I probably, I think I like 25 minutes, I might have to go but um you have like five minutes,
I
feel
it.
great. A lot of them are really like weird like five minutes and they'll give you like three cents for your time and like no that's definitely not worth
it.
But
Yeah. Yeah it's not worth it
and
spend money like doing the pre screening and for you. For what?
Yeah. Yeah. That's why I really like prolific like you the service that come up are because they're already meant for you. Like you already qualified for them. So just go ahead.
wow. That's awesome. I didn't know that.
I know. I
great
So yeah.
Being
able to
Good.
My
life.
Hey,
that's good. Yeah. I think that's the best part. Like just not sometimes I forget. I won't check it. I mean I downloaded the google chrome extension so that when you do get a prolific it like makes the sound. Um but sometimes I kind of just forget or like I have my volume dance so I don't even realize. So it's good to have someone that's like, hey, I'm here. He would have text me like, oh, I'm not like 50 for something and I'm like, damn, okay, let me get back on and try to making more
money.
Yeah. Right now the conversion readers are like 1.331 I think.
Yeah, I was very surprised.
Yeah, I think so.
No.
Yeah. We love them from a distance.
It's
all right.
I'm talking to you. I hope you have a great rest of your day.
They stole.
Uh huh
What? Thank you. You, too.