Oh I think the thing above you
all the things yeah
I've been on the young people you're talking to foreign capital apartments like I am things whitewashed man. Yeah
what?
I did something like that, it's just not on that wall to be fair, most of this Halloween decorations from. Yeah but
what I want to do with the maybe
huh.
I have skulls there with the battery want
to get Oh
I will
No
no.
I have
clean
yet.
Right.
thank you I've been trying to make it more curly because it hasn't been too curly recently but it's it's a work in progress
Augusta Georgia
What?
Hello?
yeah I mean
I okay but
bye
I
went
yeah I'm gonna guess university doing but the medical college of Georgia doing english education. Mhm. What? But
I have a weird one but yeah,
actually for nursing but uh
uh well it's weird because it's like I didn't even know we had an english department until I transferred to the english department. We're like we're the medical college of Georgia where our campuses right next to the hospital and like you know, you don't expect like english or anything. I've even like medicine, which is what I came before, but we also just became the Georgia college of Technology as well as much technique but what? Mhm.
I love
how much.
which
is just really well because obviously like with the education stuff we can't go into classrooms, so instead they have us assigned to professors. My professor, I don't even know her name because she has like 30 of us signs tour, but she's like the director of the fictional literary department at the college and she's writing research papers about monsters right now. So she got me this super nice with the research. It's so nice. Let's get
the black
David
nice. And then the inside is so nice. It's like, she gave me this to like take annotations and I'm like, I'm never going to write in this. This is too pretty. But yeah, it's like every like little
days she'll
But like I have another copy that I'm doing all that in. But like every couple of weeks she'll send me like, like I need you to go, it's like stuff like I need you to go find every time the word blood is referenced in dracula because you'll be comparing it to other things. Which is, it's really fun because I really like monsters.
don't know because the only thing she lets her address her as his Doctor Carmilla. You know I know that's not her name but like everyone just calls her that it's
like
you don't know do you want more less
like a website and I can't find her. But she just makes her call, she makes us call her Doctor Carmilla which is like a famous vampire thing written by Blood Byron. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah.
Second
block.
What?
I have a bunch of weird books just over there. I have a weird thing where the book is a pretty cover and you don't and Yeah. Like
what?
Because
Title.
I'm
your father.
What?
it
was.
That's
Like the job I have left me like just getting so much free time basically job my job uh Like people send me their crappy VR games and asked me to review them and then they gave
me, yeah, I know.
It's
Jump
Yeah.
I couldn't do that. But I just kept getting like really crappy stuff. And then it was like this is there like worth it.
I don't even know. My mom signed us up for it and she was like, all right. I don't know anything about technology. You're going to test all of these. And I feel like a little crappy electric vacuum room, but that works like a day. It's like okay. It works pretty well. And then you wake up the next morning and it's like it's run itself into a corner. It's like electrical smoke's coming up.
It's
this.
chinese style
never
goes
home.
No.
Meat.
All
You're
chrome extension that gives you the yeah.
Yeah. It's
It's
Mm hmm.
Well,
yeah, prolific is way better. Like I think I've seen like one study and it was like an hour long study and it was like 67 cents per hour and I was like, that's not
Yeah.
Yes. I remember.
I think
what ends up happening is like, because like I'm guessing they have to go through their own survey to figure out what the time is instead of guessing a time. But instead of typing stuff, I can just click next because they're not going to go look at their own report so that it gives an underestimate.
Hold
on.
But
so what
do you say?
I get that movie are testing all the time. Like people will send me their game and it's like, I don't know what you want me to say other than this is garbage that you right? This is so bad. Like I got that one this morning cause I get like maybe two a week and I got sent one this morning where it was just like, like some of them are obviously they're just testing like a concept. Like they want to test the mechanic, like pick up this bottle and moving around. But the one that got this morning, it was like a ring toss game. And like you kind of get a feel for like the physics because it's not gonna be super realistic but like you throw the rings and they just sip off into space and you're just floating in this great space. And I was like, I don't know what you want me to say here rather than this is not this is suboptimal.
Yeah, it was not fun. Yeah, that was
one good 1. So
good that it was called dracula Horror Stories. And I immediately was like I pressed except so quickly as soon as I saw they were dracula, I didn't even read the rest of it.
And then like I loaded up and usually I'm used to like floating in like grace face and it's like a thing in front of me and they want me to interact with and see how it works. Or like there's like I think the most advanced machine, like an animated thing coming at me to attack me, I actually find it off. But this one I loaded up and there's a super nice menu screen and I was like, I'm so excited, press play and it's like, it's basically just an audiobook of dracula that plays overhead While you go and interact with these like 3D art pieces that you can pick stuff up and throw it around the room with. It was a whole interesting and fun. It was like I was already reading dracula when I was playing it, so I already knew what was going on.
it was, it was like obviously it was like development because there were parts like it would start with a part and then I would skip to the next part because didn't have the parts in between. So it's like in the carriage and you arrive and then you like it cut to the scene where they're you know like sitting on each side of the table talking and like john and Mark is on one side, draft bills on the other with his goblet of wine and it's like just amazingly pretty artwork that you just go like poking interact with.
Oh I think 32nd life but I haven't done anything with them now.
I like some three
D.
why
not? Well it was born on a tail.
All
they didn't so many on your headset I
just
had
Oh God what is it called? I don't even remember anymore because it's like um I just get like the no reply emails it doesn't tell me anymore. Oh it's play test cloud, that's what it is.
The Quest, Oculus Quest to just came out but I've not heard great things about it.
No, no.
Yeah, that's what I got. So the miners cable because it's the rift. Yeah.
Yeah, that's
that's
just
the most common one that people have, the one that came out first and is the cheapest and then there's the, there's other brands like they seem like what? But then Oculus has a ton of them, this one they have the plus, which is just nicer and then they have the two questions which are the wireless ones.
I've done both of the quests and I have not liked either of them. But I I do really like the rift just because it's it's really a like I will admit it's very hard to set up sometimes and it is wire is occasionally annoying but the quest has issues in and of itself where most of the things I'm testing, I need to have a really good frame rate or I'm gonna be really sick. So have we have connected to my actual like computer that is a nice computer helps with that. Whereas the quests are both their own little computer in the back of it which means that it's not going to run as well as like this giant tower abs So there will be like frame drops and screen tearing and that just makes me real thing.
I do not get motion sick very easily do gymnastics for five years. I've done the VR for four years. I I don't know most of the music.
I do.
That's all right.
And
The
biggest
thing people complain about when I show them the VR it's like you need a little bit sick. It's
like a game I think.
it depends some of the games like they require you to sit but if it doesn't require me to sit I usually don't sit. But
my uncle who also has one always sits like he never stands up.
Yeah but my roommate because I was gone for a bit of the summer and I left it here, he moved like some of the couches closer together and then he went into little sweet builder that comes with you. Like put couches in the sweet builder and then he got like the giant size of the screen TVs you can get in this like virtual world, you can have anything you want. And like he just was like sitting on the actual couch while on the VR couch watching movies on the giant VR screen. You can also like get up and interact with stuff and move around. It's really cool.
That was one of the first things that actually sent me to test was like it was like put your headset on and you're gonna basically sit in this virtual movie theater surrounded by other people and then it's just like oh that's cool, you can watch movies with all your friends but none of my friends, some of your headset so I really can't do that. Oh
Hello?
So
what?
Yeah. Yeah the freedom of it's really great. Especially
um the arm shot which is another thing like second life, you can say put the thing on it, go mess with people is they recently did a thing where they worked with google earth, google earth has a whole VR app so you can go like stand in the streets of paris and look up at the Eiffel Tower, it's like you're actually there and it's ridiculous. And so they did a thing where they kind of like they would go to these places that are now closed as a covid but there's no people anymore and they put the three D. Camera and scans the area and renders it so you can go mess around mess around in Disney World and stuff like that.
I've been to Disneyland but I've never been to Disney World, but then I put the headset on, you stand in front of the castle looked up.
No, you can tell Rise that you can ride right?
um it was actually one that I think got made into like a big game where demo guest because when new Spiderman movies coming out they released VR game for it. And I immediately remember like a few months before that I had been sent a thing where it was like testing like shooting a web shooter thing, I was like maybe you went to this but I didn't know but the Spider man game is so crazy because it's like you're just swinging around new york and it's ridiculously good.
it's so
hard.
No.
Mhm. Yeah I love I love stuff like that, I love Spiderman movies. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh Oh man, I don't know where my locker mentor is but he's gonna get somewhere.
I guess
Happy.
Yeah.
Sweet
Stephen.
What?
I'm
good.
Uh I have made VR game, that was so good but solely because it had marc Hamel in it and I love Mark Hamill as the joker. So good. Yeah but he was the play luke Skywalker so but I don't like Star Wars uh but
I do like
to start with you. Is it actually but not the new Star Wars?
But uh
this one,
did
you watch the new dark Crystal thing?
I do have terrible news, it got canceled. Mhm. Yeah.
Oh well the Jim Henson like group. It is really good and definitely worth watching
because it's just like the puppetry is so good.
I love the original original. So good.
And then the new one is still Mark Hamill's in that as well actually now that I think about it, he just puts himself in everything these days Place the scientist one
Excellence.
it's really like but they're trying to see if amazon will pick it up like they did with the expense at the expense.
Um Netflix just has a really bad thing about canceling shows. Especially at 1st or 2nd season.
Yeah they canceled daredevil and all that and then it's
so much
replies.
It's
so good.
Get them
out.
No one did. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't
know. I know you didn't read the book that still didn't do it. Yeah. I think the only like the only one thing that has ever like that's the perfect casting was alan recommended snap.
Like all the other ones. It's like okay I can kind of see how you can imagine them. Is that when you look at and recommend you like? Yeah that's pretty that's pretty spot on to what I have. Yeah, I
always find I read the book and then I go see the movie. I enjoyed the movie considerably less. Yeah.
Tarzan because
I've read all the books and the new Tarzan movies coming out with Alexandra scars. Garden. So excited. And then it was really bad
I think.
the biggest
thing, examples of Lord Grey Stone,
this
is the Greatest Oak or something. Yeah, yeah, it's a great story. I'm getting more Graystone confused because
he got mixed up in my head.
No.
what I'm
reading right now, there is a meeting Lovecraft right now, making my way through all of it.
that's
huh, thank
you.
Yeah. Uh huh. Oh
Thank you. I
have been talking for 32 minutes, so All right, I don't have any worries me. Yeah.
Yeah. You too last chat mate. But I made a good like last chat mate.
You did
you?
Thank you.
Yeah you too. Have
day,