Hey.
Which thing?
every um, you know what? The younger people that I've talked to always comment on the house. It's like a glorified double wide. So this is like a throwback to the 80s. The lake is uh,
like, well, yeah, the two younger guys that I talked to probably
as young as you. There was like nothing on the walls. One of the guys was in bed.
From last year now. I'm just,
that's okay.
I used to have, well, I still have them, but they're in my storage um, purple light up bats that I would just have you around like.
Well
we have lots of skulls around, just not, something's not sitting right behind me, but I, uh,
collect a lot of crystals so you can't really see, you can see some of the crystals sitting like where that railing is that really has no purpose. That's my kitchen back there. And you know, it would be nice to have an actual like breakfast bar or something. But whatever. Eighties design man designed it. Obviously,
obviously it didn't look like even
the bathroom, like the master bathroom has carpet in it, which is so ridiculous. So I have like rugs everywhere because I was just so discussed
like when
I clean, okay.
Yeah, when I clean the toilet, I'm just like, just so careful. I put like a dirty, I put an old towel down around when I clean. Just yeah,
a little, you know when it comes to cleaning your hair is your hair is really cute by the way.
We're about to you live. Do you mind me asking?
Oh, Georgia. So you get humidity down there
with my hair? Well, I mean it's really long but and dirty right now. Uh, but it has natural curls, but not right now because I just brushed it out. It was about the color of my hair, you can see my like Widows Peak
going on here, but I've been working out like doing a bunch of harvest stuff and canning and uh making pies and I go I have a big garden
and
you like pumpkin pie?
I have one giant pumpkin, that's all I have right now.
So
are you, are you in school right now? What are you doing?
That's
what's
what's weird, what's weird about it?
So is english your passion? That's like my strong suit?
I'm a
I'm a I'm a writer, so
it's
is
that, can you
open it? Yeah, look at the edges.
shit.
Oh she's like highlighted annotations she wants you to put in there. Oh
that's awesome. Well
what's
her, what's her name?
sewer,
I'm so glad you're my last person like
this,
you're my six. And I got like I got two girls previously and I hadn't gotten any girls, I thought they were just pairing me with boys to see how the dynamics were.
Um But I got a boy boy who breathes well who who respects books? I love it. Yeah.
I
had to cut back dramatically
on the books uh because I mean I made it first up to me, I would have, yeah like I would literally live in a library um But I decided that I would only have 10 books at a time that
I hadn't read yet. Okay.
And
then but I can't ever get rid of my reference books, like I'm an herbalist, so like
and I cook a lot. So all these like I have some ancient books that are just you know gold, like there's some books you just can never get rid of. Um And then I have like have like like the bathroom book that you can easily read and then I have a couple books for studying and then I'm really into um fantasy and stuff like that. So
like
you know G. O. T. Like sort of things you know stuff like that. Um When I have time I don't really have a lot of time for I I find myself doing more research reading than anything else but I try to mix it up. Um Like I'm a lucid dreamer. Do you know what that is? So I do a lot
of research because I write about it as well and I try to help other people um uh stop having nightmares through lucid dreaming. So I do a lot of research now and um yeah let's let's reading for my own pure enjoyment but I'm working hard to get to that point again. Um
I
do I do software testing so
I think my next one I'm getting um a security camera to do a little video clip test. I've
tested like security camera speakers, um robot
vacuums, anything that has software involved with it basically. Um And then I get to keep the stuff so
who were you doing it through?
That was the worst one for me was
the
shark electric vacuum. A robot vacuum. Um The software was complete shit on it and after I had to do like some hacks and some tweaks like with the software to make it work because
I would wake up
in the
middle of the
night and it had left the room that it was only supposed to be, it would just be all rogue vacuuming like wherever it wanted to like. Oh but most for the most part I get some pretty cool stuff. Um and I've worked with a specific team through you test for a
while,
so um Yeah, but prolific actually has been way more steady for
me for extra money than anything
has ever been.
Uh because I work from home so it's just, it's perfect for me. I have time and they don't, for the most part they don't waste my time.
That's what, that's what's most important. Like I stopped doing any kind of functional testing um for you test because it's just a huge waste of my time and I got pissed off with the dynamics of it. Um People in different countries get paid less because they pay them like in their money, whereas with prolific, they passed and pounds, you know what I mean? And it's straight across the board wherever you're taking the surveys
and yeah, I really like that. I just don't think it's fair to, you know, people in India who are doing these like really um tedious
functional testing um, with software on nobles or laptops or whatever the case may be. Sometimes they're doing Charles proxy and all this kind of stuff and it's really, really detailed and very time consuming and they're just getting pennies on the dollar. Like,
you know, why don't you just go back to the factory and start working? Like it's, I just, I don't think it's right.
that's what's cool to like we can just be like, you know exactly, you know, But some of them like one I did this morning, it was, It said nine minutes and it took me over a half an hour And I thought it was 12 minutes the whole time knows. And I even wrote in the survey like in space is you're not supposed to be like, Hey man, like you want us to write out? You know, you just want one word explanations for a sentence,
you know, because I don't do that. So I'm finishing this test, I'm finishing this thing because I started
it, but it's not right.
This,
that's what I like. I never understand. Like even with you test when I'm because I'm a gold rated UX tester for websites and all
that kind of stuff.
And
I wonder sometimes
I'm like,
have you even looked at your own website? Do you not have any internal? I don't think it's gonna be biased to look at your own damn website and see how dysfunctional is.
not fun.
What?
Tell me.
Monsters.
Oh that's so badass when you have that kind of synchronicity happening. Uh
What's the coolest like? Well first of all I have so many questions for you um Have you ever done anything for stance are with the VR headset? It's it's like a subset of second life.
I've been in second life for quite a like eight years now, it's basically a place because I'm not a hardcore gamer So I wanted Someplace where I could be socially active um but get to create things in three D. Number one, I wanted to learn how to build and
and
then I could be whatever the hell I want. Like I have dragon avatars, I have like every kind of avatar, like even my human avatars are always half furry basically. Like I always have ears and the tail mostly. Wolf, dragon circle fantasies,
creatures.
It's like being able yeah just like different wardrobes and you know you people role
play on there so there's a whole all role playing sims. They got G. O. T. Like they got all kinds of stuff, I love that kind of stuff. Um What what company do you work for that sends you the gear. I'm just
are
you
are you had it? I'm just curious
play test Club. Um My another one of my friends that I met through uh through second life, he um we're really good friends this day and he tests, he's a gaming tester like he test games and stuff like that but I'm pretty sure that he has a VR headset. I haven't got one, I kind of I've been waiting for them to advance and
okay I know it's gonna start like a weird question but like
Oculus rift.
so that's that's the one that they're viewing sands are the sands our world with I believe. Which
which
is
like
What's your favorite?
That's
I used to teach kids gymnastics yeah
but I mostly teach Pilates yoga and martial arts, not like kung fu. Mostly Chikane and tiki. No but um I was gonna say I was always worried about I have a stigmatism so
and the years of like LSD don't help either because like when I go like this my hands still going into my hand, so like when I'm in second life if I'm doing like there's this hardcore
hunt game uh called twitter twisted Hunt and sometimes you go into the mazes and labyrinths and everything and if they build a shitty labyrinth and you're just bouncing off the walls constantly, like I get so sick like I can't do it, I have to either be in the right mood or I'll just cam into that bitch because I can't I just can't do it.
It
just
So
how does it feel though? Like I mean do you stand up when you're Yeah
and
do you walk around or? That's so cool,
you can do that in second life too. We have big screen TVs and you can have like your friends over a bunch of just crazy avatar sitting there watching something, a movie together or whatever. It's
I've been trying to get my real life DJ friends that actually still spin vinyl um
to come like there's some there's some extra rigging that has to happen for you to be able to stream um Live especially with turntables like it's a little more uh intricate but basically I could have all my friends I can't see right now around the globe come to a venue and we can all you know have a dance party together basically it be so dope, I've been trying to organize that for the past few years, I've gotten a few people on um but some of them are hardcore gamers so it's it's kind of like that balance of you know if we're not shooting things or hunting zombies or whatever the case maybe it's not as exciting for them, the girls are a little bit more turned on by because they've seen pictures of me and they're like you can wear shit like that, I was like dude you have no idea what my inventory
is,
like my inventory is insane.
Hey?
Oh wow I've never been to Disney World or Disneyland, so
joe can you ride the rides though?
Do they, do they do stuff like that? Like put you on a roller coaster? What's like the coolest, like feeling one that you've ever done?
That was so cool.
That's like
the best part of Spider man. That's why I like the, the one where they change the lead dude, I forget what that first guy's name was, but they didn't make it all about like, don't get me wrong, I'm a romantic but the whole like mary jane thing was just super old for me and I was tired of seeing them like else mushy and so like when he first struck the city and then he's like hanging upside down with his ankle school, I was like, oh it's so bad has it and there's just like one kissing scene and that's it. Like the rest
is just badass swinging through the city. I love that shit.
I'm 48. So I grew up with like the original spider, everything like that. I'm a bad man girl.
My most of my Batman stuff, my garage is like as big as my house. Uh so I had a lot of batman stuff out there and then like I went to, I used to work comic con when I lived in San Diego there for 16 years and um
I was working for
adult swim. Uh and um they had this anyway and one of the hotels that was like the Marriott or whatever is right next to the convention center and I went in there and they had like this whole batman uh when they have the new batman Where they call those three DS games, whatever. It's like this little things that are portable. Anyway. Yeah
and he tested the game out. Um you've got original prints, the, like the first like
editions of um, all the batman
villain. So it has the batman symbol and has all
the villains. This artist did. I
haven't
framed. This is so badass.
I'm, you
know,
I'm a total Trekkie girl and yeah,
I mean it's not that I don't appreciate Star Wars, but when like, my favorite one was the one with job of the hut and the ewoks. So that says a lot like,
you know, I love the muppets. So that part was dope. Um, I grew up with the muppets so jim Henson stuff like of course I was
like,
I watched the first few, I was watching it with somebody and they bailed on me. So I'm, I'm going to watch it again from the beginning.
I thought it was only gonna be a short series. Are you saying they're not finishing the story?
Did you
have you seen the original? Oh good. Okay.
Oh so good.
Man,
sport alert.
Do they say why they canceled it?
that's true.
I love daredevil.
God, that was such a badass series.
Oh man, I love that one so much. I was super impressed by it too.
Like
it it takes a lot to impress me and well you're a reader so you know how sometimes like for me I can't um if I watched the movie but it was a book, I can't go back and read the book. I every like I've done it a couple times but I don't think I even finished. I was so like, I don't know. Um but the Game of Thrones series, I read the whole series of books, like as many as there were before it started. And um
I've
actually never been so impressed with the casting that they've done like where the characters actually were characters that I envisioned in my head, which is so rare, like the way that I felt that they should be or whatever, I mean terry and alone just blows my mind how well they did with the casting of him and I didn't care so much. I mean I didn't like the last season that they did it all.
Some people did like people that didn't read the books I think enjoyed it
but
night.
But
like the golden compass, I was like like the beginning was was promising and then it just all went to shit and I'm just like oh come on
Tarzan.
I don't think I oh yeah I did see that. It was really bad. You might as well watch. Oh God, I think it was in the 80s shit, what they call it. Um Like
they made it something gray stone or something like that. That's got
like,
yeah, it was something like that. And there was like some maybe was like kim Bassinger like whatever in eighties, like blonde chick and like the highlight of that movie that she's like naked and a waterfall at one point or something like that's all anybody can remember from that. Lord Grey stoke. I think that's what it was. Something like that.
Anyway.
Heavy.
Have you ever read any Octavia Butler?
Octavia E Butler? If you like sci fi, but like supernatural as well. She's passed away now. But um, seed to Harvest, like you should read that series. I think you'd really appreciate
it.
We have like entire sims in second life devoted to Lovecraft and yeah, it's
about us. There is so much fun, so especially during this time of year. I mean pretty much every day is Halloween and second life. But um
not
I love lulu.
It's funny, funny how I can can still connect with kids of your generation. You're easy to talk to.
No.
well, I gotta get going soon. Uh I got other work to do, but damn, it's cool talking to you.
Of course you did. Excellent. I
hope
do great things in life brother.
thank you. Thank you for sharing your stories too.
Take care
of you too.