Yeah, I'm a portal to another dimension. Oh my God, I'm kind of terrified. There's something malfunction here. It's moving so fast that it's just gonna send shrapnel into everything. Be really nervous to be in that most proximity subject that looks kind of heavy skinning that quickly. You imagine a cat and your cat just was like, this is cool. Let me spot it. How bad that would be. A piece of fuzz refuses to leave this jacket. No, that's the story of my personal life. To trying to throw in these plastic packaging from an amazon package, like trying to put it in the trash. It's like no by 16 now and I'm like no go in the trash and then it sticks to the like hot edge of the trash bag. They like to go in the trash can and then it's like, okay, I stick to you again now get off of me dude, what's going up the steep wall? Okay. Mhm. Yeah, all of them, No problem. So you think you think you're cool bob, we can all do this. Okay. You're trying to show off to us all. No, not a big deal. I want to get the side perspective. It would be likely less of an april actually, I mean, I don't think. Mhm Yeah, I have seen those videos of mountain goats on silent here in the face is jumping, that's without fear. Guys know that there's 1000 sort of blank 1000 ft drop next year when you just know, okay, every now and again, why don't you? Mhm. Yeah, mm Yeah. Three. It's beautiful to see trends, expression. Uh It's not stupid. You must fail you. We got to do what we gotta do Cody demonstrates how many um so it's going to be one of those things creating the cell phone has the red camera on it, it's seen those infrared photos and stuff. It help me up. I still don't entirely understand how this works. And it's like it's opening up another dimension because it's using please, you can't see in infrared. So, but it's like, you know, x rays obviously three your skin. They're able to use your bones. I guess it's the same sort of principle. But it's like instead of your skin, it's germaine infrared, it goes through it. So you just have to fire like X rays don't seem to be Of course you can see your belts but not just changing your respect and rapid. Apparently bubbles don't fund lasers that. Have you heard? I don't even understand what that means. Is that month? That's like you have some really good actress. Okay. So also why are there so many lasers? I'm not. Yeah. Uh uh Are you gonna hear me?
so Yeah, mm hmm. Um What should we talk about?
I live in Virginia.
What?
it is the same here. I
can yeah. Um What do you do the job?
Yeah.
I'm currently a CNN Virginia tech mm working on a computer engineering
Yeah. Okay. I know. Um 50.90 and back in my high school. I used to help. Yeah.
What?
Oh
yeah.
Well
Yeah. Mhm. The I. T. People at my school weren't like that, but most of the teachers didn't know how come to yours work, so I helped them a lot. Yeah.
Uh Anything you'd like to do as a hobby?
I actually, I a lot of RPGS for video games firstly just because suddenly two watch the stories and for um Besides that, not much else. I just play a random selection. VR is also pretty thunder. Yeah.
Um Yeah, the fun one is pretty different from the actual pc ones. Oh,
It depends on how sensitive you are and I mostly get motions like this whenever I move in game, but that's really about right.
Okay. Yeah, I've been trying to build, I've been learning python lately just so I can do so ai assistant
stuff.
Yeah. Uh I've just been really struggling. The library start really weird to handle. Uh
Oh. Um Yeah, I only started learning about two weeks ago. Mm hmm. Besides
that, I usually use C Plus plus java. And so that
Uh huh.
Well, they close, well, the campus itself shut down last semester. Um But we have online courses until the actual semester ended. Apparently they're opening up again for next semester, but there's a lot of restrictions and just a lot so we have to deal with now.
Yeah. It's
weird right? Uh Still trying to figure out exactly
what's going to happen next semester. They said something about online forces but still on campus, which is slightly weird,
but I'm not sure.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Have you worked on robots before?
Cool. Yeah. I only really worked on a little bit. Uh There was a robotics club my high
school, but the teacher that ran the club left for a better job, so now that's gone. Uh Besides that, I only really worked on a three D printer. That's the closest thing I have to robotics.
Um There are the cheaper ones I got mine for about $200. Mhm. It's just a really big
pain
to maintain.
It's very interesting to watch. They take forever though.
So when do you just have the one cat?
And yeah I only have a single dog. He's a beagle, he really likes to run around and just run outside.
my mind doesn't really like going for walks, he just wants to run around and mess around.
Yeah. That same with my dog.
yeah. How did that go?
What payment?
The valley Ski, So what's, Yeah. Mhm
mm.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah I try to do mine last time. The it was really weird, some things keep on messing up so I couldn't really do much. Yeah.
and for mine it was just the messaging system was delayed by like three hours,
so it was two hours past the actual meaning time by the time I get got it so I couldn't do anything. So they get
with it and it just kept on going back and forth for a while until I just gave up and then it's not the new one.
Uh
uh I mean I try use other ones but they don't really work as Yeah. Oh I've been trying
to get
some more online jobs but transfer
and stuff like that don't.
Yeah, I plan to just going back to Mcdonald's to work for a while again. What's going on? Just working this entire summer so I can get more money to pay for college?
Uh huh. Mhm.
Let's see. Do you build pcs?
I
I don't know, Windows 10 for me, It's only a home for some of my laptops, they don't allow that. Apparently some
people.
That makes more sense.
Windows has been really weird lately. I've been trying to learn how to use Lennox so I can just use that and stuff. Windows constantly, but still getting used to it.
And for this laptop, Windows updated and disabled all my power options so I couldn't shut it down without logging out. And my desktop has so weird error where I try to log in and just flashed my logging stream possibly until I reset it, I'm not sure what's going on.
laptops more powerful than my desk stuff.
And
I only have liberally cheap HP laptops, the ones that are like $200 that I just used. Uh this one's in my size, so when I've just been using for all the engineering stuff.
Yeah, that's basically why then.
Yeah, so far those laptops charges either use for a medium server
or
I'm strapped them down to make monitors or something. That's really
about it. Where those laptops?
Yeah, I took apart most of my batteries for the older ones, for the cells inside Sensei
users.
Mhm. Yeah, I spent about two hours chipping out case trying to get themselves about damaging them. It was pretty
bad.
Yeah, it mine got cracked on the bottom part since that was plastic but the rest of its all metal, so really nice. I honestly don't want to damage any more than he has been.
mine only has I think 200 something gigabytes with a hard drive. It's mostly full of all of my work and stuff. I've been sued
by
parts,
I have an external hard drive for many recent stuff.
I mostly just to keep my in my laptop bag and it's really padded so I don't worry about it that much. It also has another case around it so it's you shouldn't get damaged and he times here.
What
what happens at air shows? I'm
one.
Two minutes.
Yeah. Uh Yeah I'm I'm currently working on trying to get commission to Air Force.
that's
six.
I mostly just want to do development to engineering. Don't really care that much about piloting right? There was a friend of mine who also
is
going
to Air Force that wants to be a pilot. Yeah. Yeah. I
I cannot fly play. I can't do a fight step up.
Yeah. Not sure. I can force myself to deal with them but it's not fun and Yeah.
Yeah. It's horrible. I would rather go the plane to fly in it. Yeah.
Yeah, I wanted to build some RC planes but I don't want to buy a whole bunch of barry packs and have to seal them up and 40 don't explode.
Yeah. If there's not really any good places why over here once
I go offensive countryside.
Mm. I think the closest thing I had to an RC plane was a freaking rocky I built for my calculus class.
How big was the engine?
Do you know how big the rocket was?
Yeah. Uh there were a group of elementary kiss that went and visit my calculus class or I don't remember exactly what it was, but we were just basically supposed to um show them the rocket we built and help them build smaller one style where about foot long
and
yeah, it was just a simple rocket with a great motor I think it was.
Yeah, they are fun time. We
had running gather them again just so if they don't result of just being trashed in the field.
Yes. The one we built for our main project was about 12 ft long I think 8 to 12 ft. I don't remember exactly. But sadly the day we went to south Carolina to mantra rocket was today. It decides to be really cloudy was originally going castle. But the people managing the field decides to launch it anyway as we weren't gonna have another chance. The footage we got it wasn't exactly the best because like a second and it was clouds and everything was great.
spent about an hour trying to find the rocket afterwards. It went about a mile offensive woods. We just chased after on foot realized went too
far
and got into the truck to get it. It was very funny.
Yeah. Just a giant group of kids just running around trying to find a rocket they launched. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. The heart.
Mm hmm. What type of movies do you like to watch?
I usually just enjoy drama, comedy. So I I don't think I will watch any live action movies recently.
Just
admissions.
I think the last one I saw was you monty
quite a while back.
I mostly just been working on a lot of stuff. I haven't really had a chance to properly sit down and watch a movie.
I I only really use discord for when I'm playing a game with my friends. That's really the only time I used this chord.
Yeah. I actually enjoy point start to five it. Uh Yeah,
I haven't really
got past the second year though.
Yeah. I only played when I'm bored and just wanted something to relax. Mhm.
Yeah.
Um Well
I think they're 25 minutes is up. Yeah
you want to keep talking or just.
Okay well good luck at the doctor's appointment. It was good talking to you.
Happy that.