Yeah, can you hear me okay? That's good. Yeah.
um so where do you live?
I live in Chicago
actually Northwest indiana. Um It's incredibly hot out today. Very human out.
surprised.
Mhm. Um I work in I. T. Um for a manufacturing company and they're uh I. T. Person. Okay.
Yeah.
it's kind of nice.
Uh for some people that kind of know what they're doing
and a lot of people that I kind of don't know what they're doing, like we're used to work with like school districts and there are some people that didn't know what they're doing. There was always kind of an adventure just um
make sure
they know what they're doing. Just sometimes I ask questions and then you're like
how do you not know that? Yeah
Yeah I know. And I took I. T. Classes at college, they were using novell and that was at the time Microsoft to start to take off. I don't know why they're still teaching novell and when Microsoft become more popular. Yeah.
Uh I like to play video games. Um I like to play like flight simulators, that's my um probably the game they play the most no select to play MLB the show on playstation and uh in the summers I'd like to go to air shows. Yeah,
I've haven't actually played VR I know, I don't have the Samsung phones that my dad had had. The you can plug the funny like the had set, that was kind of cool, but I haven't played games on it.
I heard you can get motion sickness if like the frame rates get too low. Mhm.
Yeah, you get motion sickness like like grand theft auto or like Wolfenstein, I used to get horrible motion sickness with that game.
And
Oh you have a friend of that, jesus python? I actually did some python for discord to try and um get all the user messages. He rolled his own culture that Mhm. Makes pulse and stuff through python.
I've been up. I've only done um like java and C I haven't done pipe that part of me.
Uh huh.
They took a program in class in college and job and we made some really need programs like uh you know, program and actually a demo of the weather and uh put it into an excel spreadsheet, which is kind of neat. Think my roommate liked it. Mhm.
So you're Virginia tech, are they closed for the semester or?
because my brother in law is a principal at a school in northern Chicago suburbs. He's not sure what's going to happen next year. He thinks they might go like every other day. They might continue the learning. They don't he doesn't know what they're going to, what they're going to do. Yeah.
Well.
huh.
My
sister's home all the time since the kids have been out of school. My nephews since they shut down the schools.
Uh huh.
Mhm. Uh I haven't worked on it. Um I think I took like one class like in junior high but I might have done some robotic stuff but nothing like um hi tech stuff. I know I have another friend that's uh on discord actually used to do a robotics class and then it got canceled because of the virus. And I guess he was he was a senior in high school. You always talk to us and I'll be back in the box and I can't do it anymore because I canceled it.
Please.
yeah. Have looked like using three D printers but they're too expensive.
With
the,
Yeah, I had another friend was all about three D. Printing like five or six years ago. I talked to him about that since. But you know he was one of the brought it up so you should look into it.
Yeah. I'm sure my cat would like it. Just watching the thing going back and forth. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I just have one cat. She's just Siamese. Last summer the landlord was doing construction in my apartment and letter escape in between my apartment, his apartment, he lives below me. So I did, we had to go cut a hole in the ceiling to go get her out.
And my parents have shit soup poodle and he likes to be used to like to run around. I was getting older. He doesn't do it as much. He's kind of sexy side. Okay, let's go for walks. Huh?
Uh huh. He also likes to steal stuff. Like he'll, he'll find a toy, you'll find something on the floor and just take it and then you have to go chase after him. So it's kind of fun.
Mhm. Even my dog that we had before that would do the same thing which takes off. But then she stopped doing it. She actually ate my sister's homework to write a note to the teacher saying the dog actually did eat the homework. Oh,
I
get someone. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh. I
actually tried to do this uh last time and my partner showed up when he sat there for 15 minutes doing nothing. Yeah.
partner didn't show up and they said Philip to farm again to get another partner and then nothing ever happened. They never, and then they said, we'll give you a partial bonus. I never got it. So I just gave up.
Well.
that happened.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Mm. Do you use any other like online like uh like mturk or just prolific?
Yeah. I found
them.
Are you using?
And I use like mturk but prolific usually seems to be good. I'm Turkey have to apply for it and you get accepted. But then it's so much harder to find jobs because all you do is you just look and look and you're taking surveys and to pain.
Well, Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I've actually built uh built my own Pc. Um I built, helped a couple of friends build computers. I'm also like tech support even from like my family they call me and when they always want to know like something is not working. So I have to go promoting their computer to help them fix it. That's always by and now that now that like Windows has its own built in remote assistant thing, I don't actually have to have them in small team viewer. I can just tell them to use quick cook assist a lot easier
that
should
happen. You can just type in quick assist and then it'll um you know, um you don't need a remote, it's not remote desktop, right?
Yeah. You give them a code and then the other person types in the code and they can share their screen and then
And my desktop computer just got the new update and crashed athlete through it it said, uh, so the Windows had a serious air so I started and I want fine, they would put it into Windows, but I don't know what happened. It was just bizarre.
Okay. That's kind of strange. Uh
yeah, my laptop is more powerful and our desktop actually, but HP doesn't seem to release drivers that frequently. So I've had to go get the generic drivers to actually get the new features that the HP drivers don't have. Like the video card driver. I've actually had to go and get it from intel because they don't want to wait for HP to release a new update because he knows how long it's going to be.
The last one was made in february, I guess that's certified or something. I don't feel like waiting.
Yeah. Yeah. I used to have Toshiba, but they stopped making laptops. That's one of the HP because it was on sale for black friday.
Well,
Is
it true?
Well,
yeah, so you have, wow, my old laptop, I just pulled it in my tv and uses media player because like it started, it was started like the battery wasn't charging, the battery would only last like half hour.
I'm not,
no, they're so hard to take apart. I can't do this one. This one the battery is gonna have to like get the tool to replace it. It's a pain.
Hello?
Yeah, because I was, I was gonna put an SSD driving my old laptop and I just, so I watched Youtube videos how to open the case. I'm like, I don't want to scratch the case or scratch them on or trying to put an SSD in there.
Yeah. I don't want to damage this one either. This one came up and asked his teacher it's pretty fast compared to my old one and.
I gotta
look,
we're gonna have movies online.
I found out I probably shouldn't take an external hard drive from Mexico and like road trips because uh the one I brought me and my friends through through my laptop bag and back of a car and the damage, the hard drive, luckily there was like barely anything on it. And had there been more stuff on him a little bit of worried about the hard drive breaking. Yeah,
My manager just bring into our shells. I used to bring in the marshals me but now usually don't take that much video like you usually sleep the laptop or leave the external drive at home and then copy the videos and I get home. I don't need to be I don't take gigs and I don't think more uh videos and movies than the actual memory cards can hold otherwise.
I probably will.
So
the plains there's usually like uh like the Blue angels of Thunderbirds perform and then the sometimes it's other like military planes perform. Um And then there's always like the civilian people that form the military people. The reason why people go to air shows because they're louder and faster and I think
because of their louder we should my people go, I was supposed to go to an air show next weekend. Bell Creek but it got cancelled.
My dad was in there. He
was
uh it was a K. C. 1 35 pilot.
move
with
him.
it can fly up 35.
Yeah it's probably not a good idea to go flying airplanes that they can't build heights.
like when you go to like las Vegas and all the hotels are so high up and you're looking down like well
You can build some plans that they got kid plans. Um I know that people built always see my cash cash every year or when I go to Ash Cash.
Yeah it looked like RC planes and they think it was too expensive for me. I don't know where I was going to fly it.
20.
Yeah that's kind of where it was where I live with my old apartment there was like a dam or something like a burn. You can fly it off of that. But my new apartment, there's no place for me to fly. I have to go drive someplace we just didn't feel like it was worth it. Yeah.
Mhm addition built rockets and one of my summer camps I remember we're gonna put the engines in it and then go launch it.
I forgot how big it was. Um The rocket was like a couple of feet tall. Maybe a few feet tall. Okay. Yeah.
Mhm The rocket was I think some people building bigger rockets, they were a couple feet tall, maybe two ft tall. 11 ft tall, something like that.
I
think the one my bill is a foot long and then the other people in the camp were building bigger ones.
Yeah. I think that some nine head
No.
Yeah one of my dog took a dog for a walk one time and they're launching rockets. She got scared, I want to go back in the car.
Yeah, it's got hard to see when this guy's a little great. Yeah.
you
know what?
Oh yeah, A kind of front is trying to find it.
Well okay. Yeah.
Um I can watch them like action movies sometimes, some dramas um sometimes comedies uh kind of like the the Ocean's 11 movies. Uh I haven't really seen a lot of movies um recently. Mhm.
I can't
remember The Life Will
Be a can't run the last movie I saw.
Art.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Oh, I know, I watched Ocean's Eight, but that was a couple of years. That was a year or two ago. I don't think that was the last movie. So I was one that I can remember watching. Oh fuck
Have been chanting a discord like so. And then I I can't really spend the time to go watch movies and my friends keep saying let's go on voice chat. And I'm like, I don't want to watch two hour movie. No, no, do voice chat. Well, that's kind of hard to do that.
Yeah. Yeah. And then my friends have started playing Star do and something else. My smoke. They start some other game I just didn't feel like playing.
Mhm.
One
Yeah. I think they got to the second year and then stopped because it just got too repetitive.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm. Shit.
I think so.
Actually I have to go to a doctor's appointment soon so.
Yeah, I can talk to you.