SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Oh, but yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. What can you do that? Yeah. Okay, Perfect. I think. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. What I'm thinking? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: You hear me? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you. Can you hear me? Hey,
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: uh it's now 10 PM and we have to talk for 35 minutes. So are you ready? Hey? Well this is the third time I did this study.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Is this your first time?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is actually. I got really nervous because I was like, I know they mentioned like a loss of confidence so I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: happened there
SPEAKER_L: Neither.
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: I just stay here and I'm just going to come back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because I was as I was saying before, they mentioned like a loss of company uh I don't have pronounced it but like like lots of like people can see you and like, you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: it's weird.
SPEAKER_R: it's a
SPEAKER_L: I know. The first time I was like mm like I don't know if it will be comfortable speaking to a stranger and I loved it, but like, but I want the money so I'll go for it. And I did it the first time. It was interesting. And then they normally call you again to do it again. So I'm like who? And this is my third time. So yeah, I'm not new to this. So yeah, they could call you again again. It's easy money. So it's just talking and sharing. And for me, this one, I'm an open book that I loved talking to anybody. Yeah. And you know when you finish the studies like oh yeah, you just take a lot of questions and yes cool. Um go to share for a little bit and and then get money.
SPEAKER_R: And have you had like a bad experience with the previous conversations or or
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like awkward?
SPEAKER_L: of course. And then there are our passes like, oh like you feel like, oh you have, oh we have been passed in 25 minutes and it's like we keep talking or what you should do and all them like I know they want to finish it but they just do, it just goes straight like okay I have something else, it'll survive I
SPEAKER_R: Hey now?
SPEAKER_L: mean it's not best period like there's a point that you have to finish and I don't want to wear staying but also at the same time I want to finish it out properly. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah for my first time was with a girl um yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was she was an international student like me so we both had like a strong accent and yeah we just did our bed the second time it was american girl and he got pretty personal with each other. No but also the thing is that we don't really share information with just to let you know things like more. I started texas or 15 years ago that's in like we don't really want to get in into the privacy data especially because they're seeing this, they're watching this they yeah and my third time in with you and uh well I just did my first technical difficulty which is yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know what happened. My screen just went great. And so I went back to the online survey website and I just clicked in so I'm not going to touch anything this time is gonna be so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah don't worry. Yeah don't worry. Uh Yeah that's he's the one in the second time I have a conversation. I am a shred the survey. I don't know how but I put that I talked for zero minutes so this surveillance thought that I actually didn't have a conversation. Yeah so
SPEAKER_R: Did you get compensated for them?
SPEAKER_L: I actually contacted them through prolific. I just wrote, I'm like hey because I felt back it sounds like like I don't know she's gonna get compensated. So I just wrote down like hey I'm a stuff uh I put it in and have my conversation. I did and they check and like oh yes you did like we've done this link it specifically uh for you so just answer this and got myself, I'm like okay. And I and I got compensated so yeah, so if you messed up just right right then and there gonna Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you for the 10. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. Don't worry like this is your first time in the studies. I'm pretty sure they're gonna call you again for a second time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Because the second time I would like to know what this again, I was like, yeah, yeah. You money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Honestly, I I remember, I think a couple of weeks ago they sent out the study and I signed up for it not having read the whole thing. I just saw like $50. I was like sign me up. Um But then I read through the thing and I saw like the loss of conf confidentiality and I was like, oh that's a little bit scary. It's not worth $15.
SPEAKER_L: And in the
SPEAKER_R: But now with Covid and everything, I'm just like, you know, like $15. Sounds really good right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. Yeah. I usually use my prolific money to buy this thing for me, but now I yeah, for some reason this summer I got to earn like £100 give prolific
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: to or you use something. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I just use prolific for now. But
SPEAKER_L: yeah, So for some reason I got turned into 100 and I'm like, yeah, it's a good money. But then I checked my school because I'm like, oh, then I had to this money for school. I'm like, oh, Covid? Why? Oh yeah. So I also used the money for school too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For sure. I'm sorry to cut you off there, but I was gonna say um it's nice that it's in euros great because then when you transfer it to dollars, it's a lot more so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Normally I checked like you can pal $2 and I just wait for it to go a little bit of so I can get the money. Yeah, it's pretty good. Like euros and you keep calm and I think it just I'm pretty selective with my studies. You know? I just I tried to choose one that give you, that makes sense of time, like $15 for 25 minutes. Okay. But I just saw one that was like, oh $3 for 25 minutes of my time. Like no, I'm not gonna do that, I don't have that time. Billion.
SPEAKER_R: no, I actually started doing the same thing lately, like I used to sign up for three days that were like five hours per hour and I was like whatever it's a dollar, but now I'm just like, that's not effective. I'm just gonna wait until I see like $10 per hour or something like that because honestly, sometimes it takes too much of your time. It's very little money, I'm like and then, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. Yeah. I seen even the awful ones, they give me three cents for one minute and I'm like, okay. I just yeah it's funny. Uh Yeah I don't know, but every study is pretty different, I just do it and as an international student I feel I get less. Yes I actually recommended this stage, this web page to one of my friends was here from the U. S. Like a citizen and by the first day she got turned 1 £15 uh 15 year olds uh um Me um after a month I barely got $6.63,000 I'm like why? Because you are a citizen and I'm like oh my god. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure that happens to like, I actually recommended this site to a friend and now she's made more money overall than me, so I'm like, okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but isn't less than making money like so far I think I have made almost 200 on prolific, so that's been my interview in Italy I have made a lot of money. Um Do you have an iphone or an android?
SPEAKER_R: um I have an iphone. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Because uh well I have an iphone but I also have an extra and drink phone. And I found this app called Smores. They
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: pay you 10 cents every day into the yes we're having that's on your phone and it's not like oh a pop up it and now it's just unlucky I think that I just show you and uh but I don't really use this phone but I keep it on. So right now I had 21,000 points and that's 10 3 $20 that I can spend on amazon. Yeah, I graduated to me but 100 least only for android and
SPEAKER_R: I mean the only thing with that is like I get a little bit nervous because um sometimes I get paranoid like I don't know too much about like internet things, but I'm like what is the, reminding my data with my wife I or something like a little bit paranoid. But actually, so I'm not sure if you're eligible for this as an international student, but I know m I. T I'm not sure if you do this, they help, they hold studies sometimes. Um and they compensate. I've done it before. Like they compensate with amazon coupons or whatever like the $20 codes or whatever. But it's like it's like once every three months I get a study, but if you're interested in my T. Studies all his money for
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: if they are like a website, is that like a website like M. I. T.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's not what it is a website but it's run by M. I. T. So I don't know if you just look up like mighty studies online studies you you'll end up to a legit like M. I. T. Like site or whatever if you're interested but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will. We'll go down. Okay, thank you for that. Yeah like
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: if not I need money but I would like to learn a little extra for to think they want and.
SPEAKER_R: no for real like um with prolific so I didn't have like a cloud storage but it's as it's as cheap as 99 cents a month so
SPEAKER_L: Both.
SPEAKER_R: like I can just do prolific every now and then and you know manage that subscription prolific money so it's useful. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah right now I have £35. They're like I can't cash out but I'm just waiting to put the perfect moment to just shove everything. So yeah there we go there like oh I'm not yesterday I got back to campus they just reopened and today I got to work and work in a Starbucks and yeah I finally got back to my job because last semester I got laid off in the middle of the pandemic international. Students don't get unemployment benefits unfortunately so but I got to find a job during somewhere at a retreat center. Yeah I got to at least stand still but I still have to I owe $500 from my last bill. And if I don't tell you about the seventh I'm gonna get I mean technically the university has the right to learn. Uh I lasted against me, but I will be able to pay to have to ask me that to go with that and we have to do it. Yeah. I just have to call again be like, okay quick here. Yeah. Your faith. Thank you that. Oh yeah. Thing. Yeah. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I felt good to come back to start like, do you still have a job or Kobe?
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: currently my hours were cut so I'm only working like two days I'm a student like you so I usually work five days a week but now I'm down to two. Um So I'm collecting unemployment but you know it's I'd rather be back at work sometimes I feel a little bit guilty collecting unemployment but I mean it is what it is like no one else is gonna pay me that money.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah, I would have done it to. I mean, well I also had
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I pay taxes. But uh no, I cannot claim it. Actually.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: Do you get the stimulus trip?
SPEAKER_R: because um like as a I'm not an independent, I'm still in there like my parents or something so I wasn't eligible sucks. But that's the government I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I got it. I know. I know I have to return it. So the thing is uh yeah, when I go down like I know something's wrong here and uh because I do my taxes that independent because I had no
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: friends over here. You know, I'm my family, all of the Northern peru I'm from Peru plan and I got the similar chicken like this year. And I contacted the FBI like, yeah, you should have not gotten that checks that you have to return it. Not as soon as you you got it. But when you can. Well the thing is I kept it just in case I use a little bit of that money. But uh in the sense that I will get it back, like it's just money I heard from it. And then I can with my job is some of them are just going to get it. And then I'm gonna return the checkout. We like it's just like a safety net money. I was like, okay. So yeah, because my doctors told me like, oh yeah, I arrest with numbers. So yeah, I'm not gonna keep it eventually, I'm gonna say, but by the end of it is not going to return that. Yeah, I just feel like that I don't get benefits. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Actually I noticed your Guadalupe it and
SPEAKER_L: Number.
SPEAKER_R: bag and I started out I thought you're mexican because I'm
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: mexican.
SPEAKER_L: I just, yeah, no, I want, I want it in a raffle and you know, I got it. But even though I'm mexican I, you know, it's quite a little bit poster. I wanted it. I'm like, I'm gonna use it. I'm in the mexican, but we love LaRosa temporal. Those. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's great
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we love it. Uh huh. So yeah, I just kept it. I know like I know most people have met mostly mexican. So yeah, like I don't blame you as you assumed that I was mexican.
SPEAKER_R: bosses.
SPEAKER_L: This is the Peruvian black actually. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: that's a
SPEAKER_R: I saw that one half, I saw the red and the white, I didn't see the other red. So I was like oh mexican.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like the Canada slap but we don't have thanks man. Yeah. I have been told that they're like, oh exactly. Just like, like no, it's messy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Are you going are you about to start like cool.
SPEAKER_R: So soon. I don't even know to be honest, I was supposed to dorm, but I'm gonna end up just going remote the whole year. So I'm like, I'm not even sure. I think classes are supposed to start in september, but either way, like, I mean, nothing really changes for me. I'm just gonna be online more often. I mean, I already am online most of the time. I'm just gonna be in class now. But I mean, I don't know, I'm optimistic. I'm not sure how, um, glass spring semester one for you, but I know like for me it was kind of rocky, but I'm more optimistic with this new year. But how is your spring semester?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it was it was good because uh well I'm a psych major before the pandemic already took the hard classes.
SPEAKER_R: hmm. That's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I was literally done with electric classes. I was just taking one or two that were like pretty easy and independently happened. They turned virtual, but it was basically with less assignments and it was easier so you really affect me. Um I mean I'm a I have a double majoring the coach in spanish spanish in a way of cultural spanish. I'd like to learn. Like I think learning about the latino culture will help me a lot if I want to stay here, I will love helping, um, or focusing in immigration or people who went through or who have PTC at the past. But the events that when credit border. So yeah, I felt that I needed to knew about their culture or the reason they, they are coming to see how I can connect with their cultures and therapy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Really
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When Kobe came, it kind of changed me well learning. Yeah. It kind of made me realize I underestimated my teachers a lot. You know that I really miss their lectures and now I'm done with my psych degree. So I just have three spanish classes and three little because I chose to have certificates of knowledge. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: You're,
SPEAKER_L: what is your major?
SPEAKER_R: um, so I'm actually, I don't want to reveal too much, but I'm actually an incoming college freshmen. Um, so I don't have one that could yet. I'm planning to see us, but like you, um like actually I've been thinking or I participate a lot like, uh, immigration service or like advocacy, I guess. So I'm in the back of my mind, like maybe I want to become a lawyer or something. But the thing about that is like, my spanish is not good. Like um, being like a latin american growing up in America is like, your spanish just gets really messed up if, you know, like, at home, like sometimes I speak with my or my parents talked to me in spanish, but like, in the rest of my life, every other aspect I'm speaking english english, like media is english, My friends speak english and like, you know, I kind of lose that. Uh like how do you say like, fluidity?
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: Like, so I'm not even sure that's a word, but yeah, like, I don't know, like right now, I'm just thinking maybe I should just going to say yes, because I like before becoming involved in uh like advocacy stuff I was already interested in. Yes. But sometimes I'm like, I don't know how I could continue doing advocacy work doing CS. It's like it's a lot it's a lot less direct, right? Like you'd be like, I'd be working more with corporations than working with people, so I'm not sure how I feel about that. We'll see what happens. I still have a couple.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like when it comes to the freshman, like I didn't really get to understand what I want to do until my unit here. So you have a long way to go, just enjoy experiences. And I will say like if there's something you can try go for it and you realize the things that you don't like and you like, so they'll put you on the right track I guess. Yeah. Like um when I was a freshman here, I technically learn how to study because I'm like, this is the, you know, the stuff I'm learning for my future. So I realized how was the best method of studying for me and, and you know, all I realized, you know, not to put a lot of pressure on me when they came to bad grades because I realized, you know, die graders showed to show sometimes not working, they're going to see what it has
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: to change
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: or maybe the teacher, the professor or something. But yeah, just like, I mean as a president you're gonna trip a lot, but it's going to be for good and when it comes to, yeah, when it comes to also um understand this binge like well understand the spanish already being bilingual. You don't really have to speak it. You don't have to be, I mean if you understand it, that's already a gift. Like that's very good for your mind and for the future. Um, yeah and even me as a native speakers translating documents, it takes me enough hours because I got to make sure I use the correct for that makes sense or anything. Of course it's um, I feel I still think that just because I'm native speaker doesn't mean I can do perfect translations and sometimes I take my time. Uh, you know, or sometimes I lost a little, it's not, I lost in spanish. I lose some of the worst or take the time to really remember about as soon as I get back to my country, I get to, you know, I'm trying. Uh yeah. Um, all of my classes. Um, so for this month they're going to start on 11. Well, um, three of my clients are online, so each other post up and we'll just do the assignments, but they were already online before the pandemic. So arena will have for sure. Three online classes. Yeah. And then the other three are spiritual. So that means I having lectures and, and not knowing personal quest. I'm here on campus and I'm not going to have any in person classes at all. Yeah, I mean I understand like my purse, like technically up with therapy, all other people, they're pretty smart about their elder and I feel so sad because I enjoy them having in person, but I'm like, you know, uh so I just do this. Um
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it just kind of not because uh yeah, it showed up on my, my schedule, that one of them will be in person is like spiritual, so you can take it online, but you can also go. But then my teachers anymore, like the system didn't change my settings. So by the way, it's just we're told, I'm like, oh, I'm going to just be working, then go back to my rule, take my class and then I don't know what I will do. I'll see what I do. I mean, it's my last semester. Yeah, I'm good data on december. I'd even have some, uh honestly, I don't care if I don't have a certain point. Their movies is now like, oh, well I don't want to ceremony from my patient.
SPEAKER_R: Well, so can you?
SPEAKER_L: I do want to serve master ceremony for my PhD. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I haven't applied to grad school yet, but I already know if I'm gonna P. G. I don't want to save money for that. I don't want a lot of pictures that have worked so hard for that. But for this degree I'm like I just want to be a and they be a that's it. I don't need. Of course. People tell me like, oh but you can work so far on it. Yeah. But only a ceremony. I just need that degree. Uh Some people are like yeah I want that their money. But I'm like, oh I know like understand why some people to you and your family that just is a family that you will have. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: freshman
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like a big girl didn't in high school. I don't really remember. I even forget, forgotten most of my classmates. I followed them. Yeah. I thought
SPEAKER_R: I mean, all right. I was gonna say like um like my class size was pretty small so that like I didn't really like most of them, so I was like, fuck it. I don't care if I don't have like a prom or graduation, like just give me my diploma, let me go like
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: whatever. Um But a lot of people were really pissed and the thing that bothers me is that like people kind of defied state laws and ordinances I guess and they went to parties and they, you know, hung out on large groups and like after graduation, like the number of cases went up, right? And so it's just so annoying. Like, you know, I wanted, okay fine. Maybe I didn't want to celebrate with people at school, but I wanted to celebrate with my family and my friends, but I couldn't and I'm not going to because I know it's like it's a responsible thing to do, but people, you know, complaining about everything, it's always about themselves, so I'm like you know what, I'm just staying home, I don't care if I don't have my graduation, I know I'm safe here and I know I'm safe or my family is safe here too, so that's the most important thing, like graduation and celebrations can come later, but as long as I know my family is good then I'm good too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to, I'm not a party person. So I'm like literally my life was already or was technically for quarantine. It was, he said Ian go to clubs. People will invite mom. Like I have to study. So I didn't really like there's sometimes that I will go to the oratory and I was like, oh, I realized that I haven't looked at university for like two months also because I don't have a car. So I'm like, I don't really feel excited to and now I don't, I really shouldn't leave now because the pandemic. So yeah, I just stick to in my room or like I just tried to do where I can in the inner city limits. Yeah. What do you expect from your first message?
SPEAKER_R: What do I expect from my first semester? Um To be honest, I'm not sure like I actually got into uh so the university I'm going to like one of my topics so I'm excited. Um But you know it's it's always kind of nerve wracking, starting somewhere new, but at least the thing about that is like um it'll all be online, so it's not like I want to have awkward conversations with anyone, it's all gonna be virtual, so I don't have to worry about it. And the best part is like at least for me lately or in the spring um semester like I wanna wake up like 10 minutes before class started just fix my hair and I just go on class so happy I have the opportunity again, I don't have to like you know look pretty or you know commute for half an hour or whatever, I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: just go, you know, I'm in class so I'm happy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's the kind of the pros of having night classes. Yeah. I mean at least for me I was work uh today at work from 6 30 AM to three PM. And honestly I'm still with energy because I'm like I really needed to work. So uh tomorrow I'm working 72 2 p.m. Yeah it's gonna be going to be different because I'm gonna be working on campus and then go back to your practice. So I don't really have I don't really can sleep in and wake up five minutes from the class. Well depends it depends right now I have a schedule. My managers friends will come up with a first schedule right now so I don't know. Yeah I'm just gonna whatever I can do. Yeah. I mean Kobe techniques were up all the extra two years they have, so now we are a part.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh Yeah, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Do you have like a lot of like business um like where you work right now or is this,
SPEAKER_L: now it's spell books. Um because we are getting the students and not a little, we used to have a lot of business like every day, but now that personal business and everything you got left on campus. So today it was slow. But I think compared to when the pandemic started, it was less is lower right. It was like a we got more customers this time because we got fresh with them impression love spending stuff. Yeah, we got some orders, we can and we got some stuff for me and I feel it's gonna be more, it's gonna be busier. Uh They are coming well I'm excited for them. I like working in. I hate coffee. I don't like coffee, but I love working. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting. Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: You like coffee?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't really drink it, but I'm actually looking to apply to a coffee shop. Um So that would be interesting. I'll see what they say because again, I don't drink coffee, actually, don't, I don't like caffeine in general, but what happens? Money's money. I need to get that back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean what I learned is that once you learn to work at a coffee shop, you already know how to work at Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, score any other culture. Okay. Yeah. Because remember I work at a Dunkin donuts on their table and now here in new york because I was there for somewhere and uh they had a coffee machine. So I already knew like how to make a lot of his from a kid. Like my training was quick because I'm like, I already know there's like that businesses and I kind of learned the differences. The Oh no right. But yeah, right now my schedule hopefully won't cut. Uh Yeah. You can go baby. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of strange because now clocking is different now every time I have to fucking they have to check my temperature. If I get more than 100.4 there I got sent home. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of like I cannot bring my phone. Well I shouldn't bring my phone tour. But my matter you told me, you know we're slow so I'm gonna let you use your phone. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but just don't do it in front of the superiors so you're fine. They're like, yeah, it's kind of form can be contaminated but also like you cannot be standing there for an hour, distracted. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, it's it's I don't know, it is tricky. Um but it's definitely better like being at work, not having your phone or even with slow business, to be honest. A couple of weeks ago I went to go see one of my friends and you know, we're kind of paranoid, we're both kind of about these things, so we're both wearing masks. Um we like we stood not six ft apart, but we were pretty far apart from each other, and he ended up testing positive, right? And this is five days after we saw each other. Um So, but the thing about that was like his family was his family tested negative. So he was the only one that positive that was positive, but like I was his most intimate contact, right? So it was more likely that maybe I got it and you know, more than like anything else. So anyways, so I had to get tested and then I had a wig um like two weeks, well I got tested and I had to wait for the results and like, that literally takes up two weeks, right? Because it depends on how how fast the lab gets to you. And for me, that meant I couldn't work for two weeks. And like, that's money that I'm losing this money that I'm not going to get paid back, right? So at least with, you know working, I'm I'm super excited to go back now. I don't care if there's nothing happening as long as I'm getting paid and there's like a stable amount of money coming for me that I'm good. But you know, it is super scary like it's kind of like a reality check, right? Because at any moment you can be positive. You know, it's not only you write your family members, you have to wait until your family members, you know, if they get it, you have to wait until they get negative so you can go back to work and that takes, you know, however much time that takes. But it is scary like, I don't know, now I'm super appreciative just to go to work. I don't care if like my boss is yelling, I'm here whenever I'm just like, you know what? This is better than nothing. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, don't worry. I'll let you get
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: back to work at least a couple of hours, you're gonna be fine. Yeah. My aunt,
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: she tested positive mm. She's a feeling married normal body. It was not pretty. Yeah, she's not recovering his person so based so yeah, she almost take the emergency room. But now my mom told me she's stable and she's recovering. But yeah, I don't I wouldn't want that on anybody, you know so that I like making sure I'm not going to affect someone and I'm not getting infected. Kind of like like you said like a reality check like once because your family is. You understand how bad it can be for people.
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: sure. Yeah. It's scary. It is. I saw this article, I saw the headline, it was like a student loses not only her mom but her dad and her grandma and now she has to take care of her like younger brother. It's just like, oh my God, that shit is crazy, right? Because you can never think that happens to you right until it does all right, how it happens to someone, you know, it's scary, but you know, that's life I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh well I noticed
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: we just
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: we have been
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: talking for 25 minutes. We're not I want to end it but at some point you get and I got a show in a bit and get ready tomorrow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just want to say like, well I'm except for you to start school. It's gonna be a good friend. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: thank you so much and congratulations, almost finishing. You're almost there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I just hope I can pay the bills so I can actually graduate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. They have
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: any questions
SPEAKER_R: have any questions.
SPEAKER_L: for me before closing like University of Life or something.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm okay but I wish you so much success in your future. I know how hard it is. An international student especially right now. So hoping you a lot of success and happiness and health. So yeah, it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was nice talking to you and you will feel free to repeat the study again when they call you back. I mean they just sent you the same study saying repeats welcome. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what's surprising that maybe if you get someone born like me.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm joking. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I know but it was nice talking to you. It was a good first experience. Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you so much and
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: good looking. Nice
SPEAKER_R: you. All right
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.