Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Oh, but yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. What can you do that? Yeah. Okay, Perfect. I think. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. What I'm thinking? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh
all
I can hear you. Can you hear me? Hey,
uh it's now 10 PM and we have to talk for 35 minutes. So are you ready? Hey? Well this is the third time I did this study.
Is this your first time?
Hi.
Neither.
I just stay here and I'm just going to come back. Yeah.
I
know
it's weird.
I know. The first time I was like mm like I don't know if it will be comfortable speaking to a stranger and I loved it, but like, but I want the money so I'll go for it. And I did it the first time. It was interesting. And then they normally call you again to do it again. So I'm like who? And this is my third time. So yeah, I'm not new to this. So yeah, they could call you again again. It's easy money. So it's just talking and sharing. And for me, this one, I'm an open book that I loved talking to anybody. Yeah. And you know when you finish the studies like oh yeah, you just take a lot of questions and yes cool. Um go to share for a little bit and and then get money.
No,
of course. And then there are our passes like, oh like you feel like, oh you have, oh we have been passed in 25 minutes and it's like we keep talking or what you should do and all them like I know they want to finish it but they just do, it just goes straight like okay I have something else, it'll survive I
mean it's not best period like there's a point that you have to finish and I don't want to wear staying but also at the same time I want to finish it out properly. Yeah
yeah for my first time was with a girl um yeah
it was she was an international student like me so we both had like a strong accent and yeah we just did our bed the second time it was american girl and he got pretty personal with each other. No but also the thing is that we don't really share information with just to let you know things like more. I started texas or 15 years ago that's in like we don't really want to get in into the privacy data especially because they're seeing this, they're watching this they yeah and my third time in with you and uh well I just did my first technical difficulty which is yeah.
Yeah don't worry. Yeah don't worry. Uh Yeah that's he's the one in the second time I have a conversation. I am a shred the survey. I don't know how but I put that I talked for zero minutes so this surveillance thought that I actually didn't have a conversation. Yeah so
I actually contacted them through prolific. I just wrote, I'm like hey because I felt back it sounds like like I don't know she's gonna get compensated. So I just wrote down like hey I'm a stuff uh I put it in and have my conversation. I did and they check and like oh yes you did like we've done this link it specifically uh for you so just answer this and got myself, I'm like okay. And I and I got compensated so yeah, so if you messed up just right right then and there gonna Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Don't worry like this is your first time in the studies. I'm pretty sure they're gonna call you again for a second time. Yeah.
Because the second time I would like to know what this again, I was like, yeah, yeah. You money.
And in the
Yeah. I know. Yeah. I usually use my prolific money to buy this thing for me, but now I yeah, for some reason this summer I got to earn like £100 give prolific
to or you use something. Oh
yeah, So for some reason I got turned into 100 and I'm like, yeah, it's a good money. But then I checked my school because I'm like, oh, then I had to this money for school. I'm like, oh, Covid? Why? Oh yeah. So I also used the money for school too.
Yeah. Normally I checked like you can pal $2 and I just wait for it to go a little bit of so I can get the money. Yeah, it's pretty good. Like euros and you keep calm and I think it just I'm pretty selective with my studies. You know? I just I tried to choose one that give you, that makes sense of time, like $15 for 25 minutes. Okay. But I just saw one that was like, oh $3 for 25 minutes of my time. Like no, I'm not gonna do that, I don't have that time. Billion.
Yeah. I know. Yeah. I seen even the awful ones, they give me three cents for one minute and I'm like, okay. I just yeah it's funny. Uh Yeah I don't know, but every study is pretty different, I just do it and as an international student I feel I get less. Yes I actually recommended this stage, this web page to one of my friends was here from the U. S. Like a citizen and by the first day she got turned 1 £15 uh 15 year olds uh um Me um after a month I barely got $6.63,000 I'm like why? Because you are a citizen and I'm like oh my god. Uh huh.
but isn't less than making money like so far I think I have made almost 200 on prolific, so that's been my interview in Italy I have made a lot of money. Um Do you have an iphone or an android?
Because uh well I have an iphone but I also have an extra and drink phone. And I found this app called Smores. They
pay you 10 cents every day into the yes we're having that's on your phone and it's not like oh a pop up it and now it's just unlucky I think that I just show you and uh but I don't really use this phone but I keep it on. So right now I had 21,000 points and that's 10 3 $20 that I can spend on amazon. Yeah, I graduated to me but 100 least only for android and
And
if they are like a website, is that like a website like M. I. T.
Yeah, I will. We'll go down. Okay, thank you for that. Yeah like
if not I need money but I would like to learn a little extra for to think they want and.
Both.
Yeah. Yeah right now I have £35. They're like I can't cash out but I'm just waiting to put the perfect moment to just shove everything. So yeah there we go there like oh I'm not yesterday I got back to campus they just reopened and today I got to work and work in a Starbucks and yeah I finally got back to my job because last semester I got laid off in the middle of the pandemic international. Students don't get unemployment benefits unfortunately so but I got to find a job during somewhere at a retreat center. Yeah I got to at least stand still but I still have to I owe $500 from my last bill. And if I don't tell you about the seventh I'm gonna get I mean technically the university has the right to learn. Uh I lasted against me, but I will be able to pay to have to ask me that to go with that and we have to do it. Yeah. I just have to call again be like, okay quick here. Yeah. Your faith. Thank you that. Oh yeah. Thing. Yeah. Yeah. But
I felt good to come back to start like, do you still have a job or Kobe?
What?
I mean, yeah, I would have done it to. I mean, well I also had
you know, I pay taxes. But uh no, I cannot claim it. Actually.
Do you get the stimulus trip?
Yeah. But I got it. I know. I know I have to return it. So the thing is uh yeah, when I go down like I know something's wrong here and uh because I do my taxes that independent because I had no
friends over here. You know, I'm my family, all of the Northern peru I'm from Peru plan and I got the similar chicken like this year. And I contacted the FBI like, yeah, you should have not gotten that checks that you have to return it. Not as soon as you you got it. But when you can. Well the thing is I kept it just in case I use a little bit of that money. But uh in the sense that I will get it back, like it's just money I heard from it. And then I can with my job is some of them are just going to get it. And then I'm gonna return the checkout. We like it's just like a safety net money. I was like, okay. So yeah, because my doctors told me like, oh yeah, I arrest with numbers. So yeah, I'm not gonna keep it eventually, I'm gonna say, but by the end of it is not going to return that. Yeah, I just feel like that I don't get benefits. Mm
Number.
I don't know.
I just, yeah, no, I want, I want it in a raffle and you know, I got it. But even though I'm mexican I, you know, it's quite a little bit poster. I wanted it. I'm like, I'm gonna use it. I'm in the mexican, but we love LaRosa temporal. Those. Yeah,
yeah, we love it. Uh huh. So yeah, I just kept it. I know like I know most people have met mostly mexican. So yeah, like I don't blame you as you assumed that I was mexican.
This is the Peruvian black actually. Uh,
that's a
Yeah. It's like the Canada slap but we don't have thanks man. Yeah. I have been told that they're like, oh exactly. Just like, like no, it's messy. Yeah.
Are you going are you about to start like cool.
Yeah. I mean it was it was good because uh well I'm a psych major before the pandemic already took the hard classes.
So
I was literally done with electric classes. I was just taking one or two that were like pretty easy and independently happened. They turned virtual, but it was basically with less assignments and it was easier so you really affect me. Um I mean I'm a I have a double majoring the coach in spanish spanish in a way of cultural spanish. I'd like to learn. Like I think learning about the latino culture will help me a lot if I want to stay here, I will love helping, um, or focusing in immigration or people who went through or who have PTC at the past. But the events that when credit border. So yeah, I felt that I needed to knew about their culture or the reason they, they are coming to see how I can connect with their cultures and therapy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. When Kobe came, it kind of changed me well learning. Yeah. It kind of made me realize I underestimated my teachers a lot. You know that I really miss their lectures and now I'm done with my psych degree. So I just have three spanish classes and three little because I chose to have certificates of knowledge. Uh,
what is your major?
We're
Yeah. Like when it comes to the freshman, like I didn't really get to understand what I want to do until my unit here. So you have a long way to go, just enjoy experiences. And I will say like if there's something you can try go for it and you realize the things that you don't like and you like, so they'll put you on the right track I guess. Yeah. Like um when I was a freshman here, I technically learn how to study because I'm like, this is the, you know, the stuff I'm learning for my future. So I realized how was the best method of studying for me and, and you know, all I realized, you know, not to put a lot of pressure on me when they came to bad grades because I realized, you know, die graders showed to show sometimes not working, they're going to see what it has
to change
or maybe the teacher, the professor or something. But yeah, just like, I mean as a president you're gonna trip a lot, but it's going to be for good and when it comes to, yeah, when it comes to also um understand this binge like well understand the spanish already being bilingual. You don't really have to speak it. You don't have to be, I mean if you understand it, that's already a gift. Like that's very good for your mind and for the future. Um, yeah and even me as a native speakers translating documents, it takes me enough hours because I got to make sure I use the correct for that makes sense or anything. Of course it's um, I feel I still think that just because I'm native speaker doesn't mean I can do perfect translations and sometimes I take my time. Uh, you know, or sometimes I lost a little, it's not, I lost in spanish. I lose some of the worst or take the time to really remember about as soon as I get back to my country, I get to, you know, I'm trying. Uh yeah. Um, all of my classes. Um, so for this month they're going to start on 11. Well, um, three of my clients are online, so each other post up and we'll just do the assignments, but they were already online before the pandemic. So arena will have for sure. Three online classes. Yeah. And then the other three are spiritual. So that means I having lectures and, and not knowing personal quest. I'm here on campus and I'm not going to have any in person classes at all. Yeah, I mean I understand like my purse, like technically up with therapy, all other people, they're pretty smart about their elder and I feel so sad because I enjoy them having in person, but I'm like, you know, uh so I just do this. Um
it just kind of not because uh yeah, it showed up on my, my schedule, that one of them will be in person is like spiritual, so you can take it online, but you can also go. But then my teachers anymore, like the system didn't change my settings. So by the way, it's just we're told, I'm like, oh, I'm going to just be working, then go back to my rule, take my class and then I don't know what I will do. I'll see what I do. I mean, it's my last semester. Yeah, I'm good data on december. I'd even have some, uh honestly, I don't care if I don't have a certain point. Their movies is now like, oh, well I don't want to ceremony from my patient.
I do want to serve master ceremony for my PhD. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean I haven't applied to grad school yet, but I already know if I'm gonna P. G. I don't want to save money for that. I don't want a lot of pictures that have worked so hard for that. But for this degree I'm like I just want to be a and they be a that's it. I don't need. Of course. People tell me like, oh but you can work so far on it. Yeah. But only a ceremony. I just need that degree. Uh Some people are like yeah I want that their money. But I'm like, oh I know like understand why some people to you and your family that just is a family that you will have. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like a big girl didn't in high school. I don't really remember. I even forget, forgotten most of my classmates. I followed them. Yeah. I thought
Where?
Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to, I'm not a party person. So I'm like literally my life was already or was technically for quarantine. It was, he said Ian go to clubs. People will invite mom. Like I have to study. So I didn't really like there's sometimes that I will go to the oratory and I was like, oh, I realized that I haven't looked at university for like two months also because I don't have a car. So I'm like, I don't really feel excited to and now I don't, I really shouldn't leave now because the pandemic. So yeah, I just stick to in my room or like I just tried to do where I can in the inner city limits. Yeah. What do you expect from your first message?
You
know.
Yeah. Yeah that's the kind of the pros of having night classes. Yeah. I mean at least for me I was work uh today at work from 6 30 AM to three PM. And honestly I'm still with energy because I'm like I really needed to work. So uh tomorrow I'm working 72 2 p.m. Yeah it's gonna be going to be different because I'm gonna be working on campus and then go back to your practice. So I don't really have I don't really can sleep in and wake up five minutes from the class. Well depends it depends right now I have a schedule. My managers friends will come up with a first schedule right now so I don't know. Yeah I'm just gonna whatever I can do. Yeah. I mean Kobe techniques were up all the extra two years they have, so now we are a part.
Yeah. Uh Yeah, I don't know
now it's spell books. Um because we are getting the students and not a little, we used to have a lot of business like every day, but now that personal business and everything you got left on campus. So today it was slow. But I think compared to when the pandemic started, it was less is lower right. It was like a we got more customers this time because we got fresh with them impression love spending stuff. Yeah, we got some orders, we can and we got some stuff for me and I feel it's gonna be more, it's gonna be busier. Uh They are coming well I'm excited for them. I like working in. I hate coffee. I don't like coffee, but I love working. Yeah.
You like coffee?
Yeah. I mean what I learned is that once you learn to work at a coffee shop, you already know how to work at Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, score any other culture. Okay. Yeah. Because remember I work at a Dunkin donuts on their table and now here in new york because I was there for somewhere and uh they had a coffee machine. So I already knew like how to make a lot of his from a kid. Like my training was quick because I'm like, I already know there's like that businesses and I kind of learned the differences. The Oh no right. But yeah, right now my schedule hopefully won't cut. Uh Yeah. You can go baby. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of strange because now clocking is different now every time I have to fucking they have to check my temperature. If I get more than 100.4 there I got sent home. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of like I cannot bring my phone. Well I shouldn't bring my phone tour. But my matter you told me, you know we're slow so I'm gonna let you use your phone. Yeah
but just don't do it in front of the superiors so you're fine. They're like, yeah, it's kind of form can be contaminated but also like you cannot be standing there for an hour, distracted. Yeah.
Yeah, don't worry. I'll let you get
back to work at least a couple of hours, you're gonna be fine. Yeah. My aunt,
she tested positive mm. She's a feeling married normal body. It was not pretty. Yeah, she's not recovering his person so based so yeah, she almost take the emergency room. But now my mom told me she's stable and she's recovering. But yeah, I don't I wouldn't want that on anybody, you know so that I like making sure I'm not going to affect someone and I'm not getting infected. Kind of like like you said like a reality check like once because your family is. You understand how bad it can be for people.
The
Yeah. Oh well I noticed
we just
well
we have been
talking for 25 minutes. We're not I want to end it but at some point you get and I got a show in a bit and get ready tomorrow. Yeah.
Yeah. I just want to say like, well I'm except for you to start school. It's gonna be a good friend. Yeah.
Thank you. I just hope I can pay the bills so I can actually graduate. Yeah.
I don't know. They have
any questions
for me before closing like University of Life or something.
Yeah it was nice talking to you and you will feel free to repeat the study again when they call you back. I mean they just sent you the same study saying repeats welcome. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know what's surprising that maybe if you get someone born like me.
I'm joking. Of course.
Yeah. Thank you so much and
good looking. Nice
thank you.