Hello?
You hear me? Mhm.
Hello?
I'm really it's cool.
Yeah. It is actually. I got really nervous because I was like, I know they mentioned like a loss of confidence so I don't know what
happened there
people.
because I was as I was saying before, they mentioned like a loss of company uh I don't have pronounced it but like like lots of like people can see you and like, you
know
what
it's a
And have you had like a bad experience with the previous conversations or or
like awkward?
Hey now?
Mhm.
Yeah.
I didn't know what happened. My screen just went great. And so I went back to the online survey website and I just clicked in so I'm not going to touch anything this time is gonna be so
Did you get compensated for them?
Yeah. Thank you for the 10. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Honestly, I I remember, I think a couple of weeks ago they sent out the study and I signed up for it not having read the whole thing. I just saw like $50. I was like sign me up. Um But then I read through the thing and I saw like the loss of conf confidentiality and I was like, oh that's a little bit scary. It's not worth $15.
But now with Covid and everything, I'm just like, you know, like $15. Sounds really good right now.
no,
I just use prolific for now. But
Yeah. For sure. I'm sorry to cut you off there, but I was gonna say um it's nice that it's in euros great because then when you transfer it to dollars, it's a lot more so
no, I actually started doing the same thing lately, like I used to sign up for three days that were like five hours per hour and I was like whatever it's a dollar, but now I'm just like, that's not effective. I'm just gonna wait until I see like $10 per hour or something like that because honestly, sometimes it takes too much of your time. It's very little money, I'm like and then, but
I'm sure that happens to like, I actually recommended this site to a friend and now she's made more money overall than me, so I'm like, okay. Yeah.
um I have an iphone. Mhm.
So
I mean the only thing with that is like I get a little bit nervous because um sometimes I get paranoid like I don't know too much about like internet things, but I'm like what is the, reminding my data with my wife I or something like a little bit paranoid. But actually, so I'm not sure if you're eligible for this as an international student, but I know m I. T I'm not sure if you do this, they help, they hold studies sometimes. Um and they compensate. I've done it before. Like they compensate with amazon coupons or whatever like the $20 codes or whatever. But it's like it's like once every three months I get a study, but if you're interested in my T. Studies all his money for
like.
Um It's not what it is a website but it's run by M. I. T. So I don't know if you just look up like mighty studies online studies you you'll end up to a legit like M. I. T. Like site or whatever if you're interested but
problem.
no for real like um with prolific so I didn't have like a cloud storage but it's as it's as cheap as 99 cents a month so
like I can just do prolific every now and then and you know manage that subscription prolific money so it's useful. Yeah.
But
so
currently my hours were cut so I'm only working like two days I'm a student like you so I usually work five days a week but now I'm down to two. Um So I'm collecting unemployment but you know it's I'd rather be back at work sometimes I feel a little bit guilty collecting unemployment but I mean it is what it is like no one else is gonna pay me that money.
Thank you.
No
because um like as a I'm not an independent, I'm still in there like my parents or something so I wasn't eligible sucks. But that's the government I guess. Yeah.
Great.
Actually I noticed your Guadalupe it and
bag and I started out I thought you're mexican because I'm
mexican.
That's great
bosses.
because
I saw that one half, I saw the red and the white, I didn't see the other red. So I was like oh mexican.
Um
So soon. I don't even know to be honest, I was supposed to dorm, but I'm gonna end up just going remote the whole year. So I'm like, I'm not even sure. I think classes are supposed to start in september, but either way, like, I mean, nothing really changes for me. I'm just gonna be online more often. I mean, I already am online most of the time. I'm just gonna be in class now. But I mean, I don't know, I'm optimistic. I'm not sure how, um, glass spring semester one for you, but I know like for me it was kind of rocky, but I'm more optimistic with this new year. But how is your spring semester?
hmm. That's
good.
Yeah. Really
cool. Mm hmm.
You're,
um, so I'm actually, I don't want to reveal too much, but I'm actually an incoming college freshmen. Um, so I don't have one that could yet. I'm planning to see us, but like you, um like actually I've been thinking or I participate a lot like, uh, immigration service or like advocacy, I guess. So I'm in the back of my mind, like maybe I want to become a lawyer or something. But the thing about that is like, my spanish is not good. Like um, being like a latin american growing up in America is like, your spanish just gets really messed up if, you know, like, at home, like sometimes I speak with my or my parents talked to me in spanish, but like, in the rest of my life, every other aspect I'm speaking english english, like media is english, My friends speak english and like, you know, I kind of lose that. Uh like how do you say like, fluidity?
Like, so I'm not even sure that's a word, but yeah, like, I don't know, like right now, I'm just thinking maybe I should just going to say yes, because I like before becoming involved in uh like advocacy stuff I was already interested in. Yes. But sometimes I'm like, I don't know how I could continue doing advocacy work doing CS. It's like it's a lot it's a lot less direct, right? Like you'd be like, I'd be working more with corporations than working with people, so I'm not sure how I feel about that. We'll see what happens. I still have a couple.
Thank
you.
what? Yeah.
Well, so can you?
Nice. Yeah.
freshman
I mean, all right. I was gonna say like um like my class size was pretty small so that like I didn't really like most of them, so I was like, fuck it. I don't care if I don't have like a prom or graduation, like just give me my diploma, let me go like
whatever. Um But a lot of people were really pissed and the thing that bothers me is that like people kind of defied state laws and ordinances I guess and they went to parties and they, you know, hung out on large groups and like after graduation, like the number of cases went up, right? And so it's just so annoying. Like, you know, I wanted, okay fine. Maybe I didn't want to celebrate with people at school, but I wanted to celebrate with my family and my friends, but I couldn't and I'm not going to because I know it's like it's a responsible thing to do, but people, you know, complaining about everything, it's always about themselves, so I'm like you know what, I'm just staying home, I don't care if I don't have my graduation, I know I'm safe here and I know I'm safe or my family is safe here too, so that's the most important thing, like graduation and celebrations can come later, but as long as I know my family is good then I'm good too.
What do I expect from my first semester? Um To be honest, I'm not sure like I actually got into uh so the university I'm going to like one of my topics so I'm excited. Um But you know it's it's always kind of nerve wracking, starting somewhere new, but at least the thing about that is like um it'll all be online, so it's not like I want to have awkward conversations with anyone, it's all gonna be virtual, so I don't have to worry about it. And the best part is like at least for me lately or in the spring um semester like I wanna wake up like 10 minutes before class started just fix my hair and I just go on class so happy I have the opportunity again, I don't have to like you know look pretty or you know commute for half an hour or whatever, I
can
just go, you know, I'm in class so I'm happy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you have like a lot of like business um like where you work right now or is this,
it's interesting. Sorry?
I mean I don't really drink it, but I'm actually looking to apply to a coffee shop. Um So that would be interesting. I'll see what they say because again, I don't drink coffee, actually, don't, I don't like caffeine in general, but what happens? Money's money. I need to get that back.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, it's it's I don't know, it is tricky. Um but it's definitely better like being at work, not having your phone or even with slow business, to be honest. A couple of weeks ago I went to go see one of my friends and you know, we're kind of paranoid, we're both kind of about these things, so we're both wearing masks. Um we like we stood not six ft apart, but we were pretty far apart from each other, and he ended up testing positive, right? And this is five days after we saw each other. Um So, but the thing about that was like his family was his family tested negative. So he was the only one that positive that was positive, but like I was his most intimate contact, right? So it was more likely that maybe I got it and you know, more than like anything else. So anyways, so I had to get tested and then I had a wig um like two weeks, well I got tested and I had to wait for the results and like, that literally takes up two weeks, right? Because it depends on how how fast the lab gets to you. And for me, that meant I couldn't work for two weeks. And like, that's money that I'm losing this money that I'm not going to get paid back, right? So at least with, you know working, I'm I'm super excited to go back now. I don't care if there's nothing happening as long as I'm getting paid and there's like a stable amount of money coming for me that I'm good. But you know, it is super scary like it's kind of like a reality check, right? Because at any moment you can be positive. You know, it's not only you write your family members, you have to wait until your family members, you know, if they get it, you have to wait until they get negative so you can go back to work and that takes, you know, however much time that takes. But it is scary like, I don't know, now I'm super appreciative just to go to work. I don't care if like my boss is yelling, I'm here whenever I'm just like, you know what? This is better than nothing. But yeah,
but
she
for
sure. Yeah. It's scary. It is. I saw this article, I saw the headline, it was like a student loses not only her mom but her dad and her grandma and now she has to take care of her like younger brother. It's just like, oh my God, that shit is crazy, right? Because you can never think that happens to you right until it does all right, how it happens to someone, you know, it's scary, but you know, that's life I guess. Yeah,
we
just
we'll
have
Yeah,
thank you so much and congratulations, almost finishing. You're almost there. Yeah,
I
don't
have any questions.
No, I'm okay but I wish you so much success in your future. I know how hard it is. An international student especially right now. So hoping you a lot of success and happiness and health. So yeah, it was nice talking to you.
Thank
you.
I know but it was nice talking to you. It was a good first experience. Yeah. Thank you.
Thank
you. All right
thank you.