Yeah yeah I'm talking about. Mhm Mhm. Three that's right sorry I was shut my door. Can you hear me?
Oh hold on I can't hear you. Oh uh Oh
hold on. Oh there we go.
now like cool. Of course. How are you doing? Oh
I've
done this twice before but nobody ever shows up. So like the first person who actually like came to the jet, so technically first time. Yeah
I guess just whatever like it didn't it doesn't really give directions about it so I guess just whatever is going on. Um Yeah I guess like what do you do, what you do for work? Yeah
you
could say
you
know.
Like I mean I went to school for psychology and I have not want to use my degree and a job so fair I just do transcription work. So
well that
I was I actually have some like physical disability issues, like chronic illness stuff so I like I can't work a lot of guests in person jobs. So um
yeah, I guess I've been doing the transcription thing for like three or four years now, so
thank you.
I
work for a few different services. So I like I end up doing a bunch of stuff like dictation for um, like even business people right in and be like, transcribe this letter that I want to send to my client. But I, you know, like on a phone or whatever, they'll do it by voice to text I guess. And then like, you'll have to dictate that sometimes it's more fun stuff like movies, but a lot of times just like weird stuff. Like the other day I had to transcribe this and it was like forever long. But it was a conference about kidney stones, which
is like, yeah, yeah, that's the face that I made when I realized what it was like, okay, well, I guess this is my next hour or two of work, you know, a lot of times. It's just like, well, this will pay the bills.
I'm right
here.
I know like, a lot of people will start out, you know, if they're looking for online work, like transcription, I thought I can do that. It's just making audio into words and it's like, oh, wait until you hear some of the audio, you got to do that. But it is like, very bad. I will.
that is I think a lot of people do that with transcription, where it's like, they'll sign up for reb up work or something like that. Be like, I'll just try this out and it lasts a day and then they're like, not a fucking chance in hell. Actually, I would rather do surveys for money that I have to do this. Yeah, it's definitely not for everyone.
I'm
so
Over time it's just like, like
one of the frustrating things that frustrates me the most with that job is like, you'll start off on like an audio file. It's like, oh, this sounds totally fine. Like I don't need to go through and check that. It's good the whole way through. And then like 10 minutes into a 30 minute file, you'll be like, I have made a terrible mistake because the audio just fucking like plummets through the floor in quality. Like for some reason, like
somebody super flexible, 10 minutes minutes. Like I hate whoever you are because this job was fine. And now it's, I've had to do so many of those over the years. Like at some point you do just learn to be like, I'm not going to trust that this audio file is going to be good. I am going to go through like and every couple of minutes be like still, okay, okay, I can do this file because otherwise you get like stuck with some of the junkie ist audio. Yeah, that's probably like my biggest frustration with,
I
swear
like
sometimes I have to assume that it's like, well the beginning of this file is fine. So maybe they like just take it thinking it's okay. We can just like trick them to transcribe them as 20 minutes of fucking awful audio drives me crazy. But yeah,
like I said, definitely not a career for everyone because you do kind of have to like with a lot of those services that will give you work that you like up work. I haven't even tried with transcription but like with rev or really any like you kind of have to take a bunch of crappy audio at first kind of work your way up into like the higher levels of transcription. And let's like then you hit stuff that's actually pretty good audio, but you have to put up with a lot of like just shitty assignments first.
Yeah, like trial by fire if you can make it through this, I mean. Yeah.
Wait
what what are you doing
working from home then?
Like,
you know, my opinion of work
is like does it pay the bills? Fantastic. You know, you can do stuff that's fun outside of that. Like not everybody has to, I don't know, be a rodeo rider for living I think. Really cool and exciting.
I write a lot. I've actually been published a couple of times so that's that's been cool. I've been doing that since I was a kid actually. I also do like drawing art stuff sometimes, so I guess like creative fish stuff.
Mhm.
It
it's
actually an interesting question because it's like, so I wrote a novel and then I was like, well, I actually think this one is good enough that, you know, maybe someone would publish it. So what I did, at least as I went online and I just started Googling like publishing companies and then like, sort of like keywords with, you know, whatever book it was. So if it's like, you know, a comedy or science fiction or, and you just kind of like try to pare it down to like, okay, what publishing company like has already put out stuff that is the most like, what I've got here, basically, and then you send out just cold pitch letters basically, where you like, got this novel, you know, here's my description of this novel, You all want it worded more professionally than
that. But yeah, so
it was I sent it out to actually, like, the first novel was kind of an unusual experience because I sent it out to sort of got if he doesn't get that out of the oven. Uh sorry, that there's a buzzer going off in the background is one of my roommates has something in the oven,
I think.
that's good. Um for the fuck, as I say, distracted me, um book publishing companies put out the letter. I totally lost my train of thought. Oh
it was kind of an unusual experience because like, usually people sending out a first novel, they have to pitch it to like, a ton of places before they get any interest. It was like, the first publishing company I sent it to was like, actually, yeah, we would like to put that out, um you know, here's your contract, and now we begin the editing process, and I was like, fucking wasn't expecting that, honestly, I was
fully
expecting a rejection. Um So that was cool. That actually was a really cool experience, but it's like that the, like, going through, like, a professional editing process, like, with that first book, I tell people like, that taught me more about writing than, like, the 15 years of writing I had done up to that point, because it's a totally different thing going through a story with a professional editor than, like, pretty much anything else. I almost feel bad for the guy who edited that first novel was like, one of my weaknesses as a writer has always been. Like, I just don't fucking understand how calm was work. Like, I don't know when to use someone. Like, I've tried over the years to get better at that and I just suck at it. So he had to there were 5000 editing marks on that first book, and I swear to God, like half to two thirds of them had to be comedy usage. A man is a saint for going through that novel and not just going, I hate you
were
about to use a
fucking
common before use a man.
It was the that was Came out to be, like, two 50 or 2 80, I think. Not, not like a super long book, but,
you know,
pretty good size.
Oh no. The the way that at least my publishing company did it was they have you do like, you have the word doc that you would send into them and then they would do that like um you can leave notes on a file, you know that Yeah and you have to go through and like, you know, read the little note that he had left like learn how to use the fucking Kamba, you're like okay, approved the edit, approved the edit and just
kind of go through the whole
thing.
Yeah. God bless editors basically for being willing to do that. Uh
Oh yeah, because it's like and he turned that like the first edit was done in a few weeks, I think that it was back to me and I assume that not all of that was just like, you know, it immediately got to him and then immediately got back to me like you know, I have to send it to the editor in chief who then has to, you know, and then I assume that they check it once he's done so like that, that was like that was a pretty fast turnaround honestly for, you know, it was a decently sizable book, so uh
Oh honestly, like, no, you do not have to go through a publisher, like self publishing is actually, it's a pretty good option anymore. It used to be like, I mean like 10, 20 years ago, like yeah, I would have recommended going through a publisher anymore these days. Like if I, like if I let any of the things that I'm working on now, like I'm planning to self publish, because the thing about like going through a publishing company is obviously like you earn royalties usually on any novel or a thing like that you put out. But if it's like Say a short story that you send into someone, maybe you get like a one time payment of like 50-100 dollars. Which is like I mean it's not bad for a short story but if you self publish on like say amazon uh and you put it up for 99 cents, It doesn't take that many people buying a copy of your story for you to get past the point where like if you submitted it to an anthology or something, you would make $50. And with novels it's like if you get a decent advance and then they're good at marketing like you can make good money off of a novel through a publishing company but they take um It's usually like 90% on uh like physical copies of the book, like you make 10% royalties on that. Then
on e book you make like 40 to 50% royalties. So like they take the rest of that. So if you can self publish and then market even anymore like you don't lose nearly as much money to like just the person you're going through essentially. So
honestly
there's like a lot of stuff online if you just google like how to self publish, there's people who have put out all sorts of stuff about like how to build an audience and you know how to do an email campaign, the resources are out there if you want to do it. And but if you know it's like a first time publishing and you just kind of like want to go through the experience. It's not like a bad thing to go through a publishing company or an anthology or something like that. It's just like you no long term if somebody wants to make a career as a writer like my advice anymore would be like, yeah, maybe go through a publisher the first time just so you kind of know what you're doing as far as putting a book out goes. And then after that, honestly I would be like, and then look into self publishing because
maybe even after putting a couple of things out, like you will have somewhat of an audience if you go through even a decent publishing company, like people will have read your stuff and you can get out there and like make an author website or a blog and be like, hey what's up? I wrote that book you like and now by myself, published stuff.
Well
like I said like going through that editing process once with like the professional editor, it was like I certainly learned a few things. So. But there's also like people out there who freelances editors, which is usually what people do when they self publishes. Like they'll hire just a freelance editor instead of, you know, using a publishing companies editor. So mm hmm.
I know people who have done it, but like, again, Like I need someone to go through my work and take out all the unnecessary compass. Still, I don't think I'd be super successful at that shop. You know, every time I would have to be looking up like there's a comment go there. I don't know. I've been writing for 25 years now and I still don't know how they work. So
Well, you know, like a lot of them will have, you know, I guess that's the sort of thing. We have to like check reviews from other people. Like how did this person do on your book? And if the review is like they left in 6000 companies that shouldn't have been there, it's like, well, I won't be going with that person. Their strengths in mind do not match up. So, you know, it's one of those things where I guess again, you just kind of like to look into the person's business a little. But yeah,
go ahead.
I've seen things like that are similar to this other places. Like, I think they might do this on Mturk two or something. Like it probably it seems like a lot of those like kind of cross over. So
you
hear from people all the time. And it's like, I don't I don't know what to tell because like, the first time I applied to enter, like, they just accepted me. It's like, that's well, this must be easy to get into I guess. Like, no, everyone but me gets accepted like four times after their first application.
but I'm going to see people like what's like the secret to get in? You have to have like bought a lot of stuff off of amazon like you know, I see people trying to give all these like tips on how to get approval. Like none of that. I think it's completely random to be honest. Like like their needs at the time and then they do a lottery or something like that. But
I
set it up with them. It's been a little while I think, december of last year. Oh yeah,
probably
It's not the greatest trying to be trying to get in. That's true. With a lot of sites I think like
I know like a lot of the transcription sites that I worked for, like they put a freeze on bringing anybody new in. They actually sent out a pretty catty email about that, where they were like yeah we were getting a I can't remember the phrase. It was like a low return on quality for the number of applicants that we're getting. It was like oh that's that's bad on a site that will take pretty much any transcriptionist any other time of the year.
but there was definitely an influx. Yeah, it's uh do you do any of the sites aside from prolific or?
Thank you.
I figured
out not.
I
think so too. Yeah.
I've never
had like a single problem with getting paid for a survey that I've done, which is nice.
I give up on cue me,
I'm gonna be
people
talk about having success with that one all the time I got here and I'm just like I can't do it, I don't qualify for a survey or like it doesn't work like I gave up on that ages ago, although somebody just posted about at a poll, which is like kind of similar Tu que me. But like I tried it and within a few days like I'd already hit the $3 payout for that one. So that
that
one was
no, it's pretty good. Like the person who was posting about it was like, I mean like $38 and three days and I don't go that hard on surveys like that with me very casually answering the surveys on that. But that's like a phone app. It's that one's been pretty all right. So because
somebody,
I think somebody was looking for something similar to Q. Me and somebody brought that one up. So I tried
to
okay, actually not too bad. And they do like instant payout to Paypal. So yeah,
I know there's um it's like tested minds or testable minds or something like that. Um that one, it's not as good as prolific though. I don't get as much stuff through it because like they even say when you sign up for that one, you know, this is not meant to be money making the cap you at like $50 a month. So that's like the most you can make through that one other
ones. I do though. Like weirdly I have a lot of luck with my points on surveys. Um
They're kind of like swag bucks I guess like same setup. I like I just have way more luck on their survey router and then um what is it reward? XP. Like if you can get up to their silver level because they have like different levels. We like earn more rewards and stuff, they have their own router. Um I've had a lot of luck with that one and like the cool thing about them is they actually have a discord server. So if you have any problems with like surveys not paying or anything like that, you can literally just like go into their disk or like post digital screen cap. Like yeah it didn't pay me and I'll be like well look at it. Yeah they should have paid you, here's your money. Like the people who won that one are actually really cool so I
use that one quite a bit now too so but there's also like uh I don't know do you do like the hideout tv and the swag bucks watch and. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I've got that running in the background constantly. Like that's another thing about the nice thing about reward XP is like they give like
the best hideout, I don't know, walked as to how much you make on it.
Because it's like
it's
like
1-1. So it's yeah, because usually it's like, you know, if you get whatever, you know, hideout whenever you get usually like half of it or whatever, maybe two thirds conversion. But like, no, they give you the whole thing. That
was
mostly
what I used it for at first.
Like that beer money subreddit has gotten me out of some tight spots. So it's like, yeah,
I know there's people who like, I mean they make way more than I managed to because they're just going all the time. But uh like I see people talking about like D Scout or whatever it is, we like apply to do like the video chat, I've never gotten on that,
so, But
yeah, I know there's people who make quite a bit more than I do. Mhm.
I
I know like some people make a full time living off of doing that. I was like, oh my God, I think that would drive me crazy
because
it's like, you have to be like messing with sites that you know where you, because it I only have so much patience on like the surveys and stuff, so it's like, I've sat there and I've done, you know, a 15 minute 20 minutes survey and then at the end it's like we've disqualified you even when you just completed the whole thing and we didn't reroute you correctly. So guess what? You don't get paid him. Like I could not do this full time. I don't have the frustration tolerance for this.
that has been my experience.
Exactly. It's
like, no, I could not put up with that is like a job, so I had to find something else. But yeah, but
I mean it's good for when you need to make a little bit more than what you're making otherwise it's too much. But Uh
uh said 25 minutes. I already like navigated past the thing where it was like, here's your timer. So I have, I don't know, we probably have a few minutes to go, but I think we're close. Uh
What makes you think that
I like signed into the thing? Right it to and I think you came in. What? A couple minutes past that. So
we're
proud. Probably good at this point then if you want to like,
Mountain time.
no kidding. There weren't a lot of instructions that I saw, but
thank you. Yeah.
no. I'm on like the next page I guess where you like, what's it saying? Yeah.
How was the conversation? Did you have any issues? I'm
there? I just like navigated past the timer. Kind of dumb li like oh damn it now, it's gone
click next
way.
No.
yeah, that was how I got back to the, I was like, oh good,
cool. So I think we're good.
It's like yeah cool. It was nice talking to you like a
good day
and all that. Good luck with your
beard
and stuff.