Yeah. Can you hear me?
And
Who? Oh,
Yeah. Have you
done this before? I've never done this before, so.
Cool. Cool. Cool. Yeah. I don't even know what we're supposed to chan about. Uh
I am a like a programmer I guess you could say
like write code.
I mean that's what I went to school for and then
that's
what, yeah. So I just work from home all day. Yeah. Yeah.
but okay, because like before like covid or whatever, I was at the office and then, yeah, but now I do fully remote obviously. But yeah, were you,
were you fully remote before two or?
Got it.
Yeah. Mhm. Cool. Um is it
like transcript in movies or
anything?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um I actually did like one, have you heard of up work before? I like tried that out for a little bit and then there was one transcript ng job but it was so long and difficult actually. Um Like it was a lecture about I think environmental something,
something and then
the words just didn't, they're so hard to understand and it was like uh like typing away. Yeah.
yeah. So I after that experience I was like ok I can't, I don't think I can cut out for them. Uh huh.
Have you like had any particular challenging ones that you've done? I don't
know
all Yeah.
What?
What?
Yeah. Yeah that was my I think yeah I hit that frustration on the first and only transcription that I do because it's like they like I guess I don't know if they purposely like tease you like okay, it's like all good at
the first
part and then
it's crap fest.
Yeah.
I guess that makes sense. They want to give the new users grunt work like really the worst work? Mm hmm.
Of course.
Is it?
Sorry?
Um It's like they're like usually just analyzing data. Uh Pretty much. Yeah. Um Yeah, I don't think it's anything that exciting to describe when I when I tell people about what I do. Yeah, but it's uh Yeah, right, somewhat enjoyable. I don't know. We'll
see.
All
Do you have any uh interest like, I don't know, pets or whatnot? Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't engage in my own personal creative outlets that are often. Yeah, I shared. Um
How did you get your, how
do you get like a publisher or whatnot? So you like have this like story or whatever you write and yeah, how does it,
how do you go through the process?
All
because
All
it's okay, I don't really hear it.
First yeah,
interesting.
So
Yeah, yeah. How many
patients
was
it?
Wow. How yeah, how many pages?
it's
yeah, it's sizable,
Oh my God, so that's amazing, like is it all like handwritten notes or?
But
I
guess, but he still had to manually read it right? Like oh my God. Uh Yeah,
that would take a lot of focus to not like miss any mistakes I guess,
It's pretty impressive, yeah, because I was like wondering, I mean I was sort of in the works of like I was thinking like I have all these thoughts and I was writing them down like what if I publish it into a book, but um and I was like how do can I just sell it on amazon or some crap like that, or do I have to go through a publisher?
And
Yeah, the key is the marketing, like how did you get that traction and Yeah,
I see,
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, because
Yeah, yeah, yeah um yeah, when you were mentioning like the publisher, like how they had to edit, like I would probably need that
at least for the first time, like, for sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you done any freelance editing yourself? Mm. Yes,
Mhm. I mean because I was wondering like, not that I would ever do this, but you know, like all the freelance artists, like, I mean an artist, freelance editors, how who's checking their work, Like how do we know what they, the results they produce? You know, like if you don't know where the commas go and the freelance editor doesn't know where it goes, like.
Course. Uh huh.
So are you doing um this on via prolific or? Okay. Me too. I I assumed it would be the same, but I thought maybe it could be different places and whatnot.
Yeah. Yeah. I applied to Mturk but they rejected me. I don't know why actually. They just
said, I think,
Yeah. It's sort of sad. It's all right.
Did you sign up recently or
both?
Yeah. Because I only recently tried and I think maybe more people are trying to sign up maybe like this high volumes
or something. So then Yeah. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's good that they try to have some level of quality control then. Yeah. Uh
No, I um well, I am on Reddit sometimes. Like uh
yeah. So do you subscribe to beer money or would it not? Yeah. So
like
that. Yeah. So yeah, that's where I figure out like what sites to try and whatnot and prolific is by far the best that I've, I
like
because even though it's like less reliable or like they come in less often and maybe you don't click it fast enough, but like it's almost always guaranteed you get paid, which
I, yeah,
I love it because like um, have you seen que me?
Yeah, it's
like I click in and it just denies me at some point
and like yeah.
Is
that
or a bad thing? That sounds
Call
it.
Got
it.
That, that is nice. Yeah. Um have you, have you found anything else like prolific then?
I see.
I haven't heard of that one.
That's fine.
Make
Oh, like with the conversion or whatnot? I see. Oh
I
should
like
I got to check
that
out.
got it, wow. Look at us just conversing about all the different yeah. Yeah
it's yeah it's decent money for real. Um
I don't know
I think.
I'm the Reddit um When they post payout whatever money, I don't know what it is. The thread that says who paid you this month or what not? And like seeing the list of users some of them have like 1000 or 1500 per month. Like you must are you doing that every day all day or
what?
I think so yeah
me too.
Yes. Yeah. Also yeah. Fuck those surveys, like it happens yeah maybe like half the time. Probably.
No
sad.
Yeah.
how long are we supposed to chat by the way?
My okay so I didn't navigate mindsets. 30. Um
But so you do you know when you started?
Yeah a couple of minutes
past that.
huh. So it was this is sort of I don't know if uh it was one for me which because I'm on the west coast meaning meaning you're in the bed somewhere.
Mountain time. That's right okay. Um Let me read the rules to see if we're like missing anything. I don't want to get disqualified. Uh
okay it says when your conversation is complete. Um
return to the browser tab to return or to continue or whatever but since I don't know what's that going to happen to you since you already continue. Right
how was the quality?
let me see.
let
me see.
Oh well it has an extra instruction for you in case you
blah blah blah. Okay. Cool.
Okay so you're totally fine I think. Yeah.
Yeah. All right. Well I guess should be in the chat.
Nice meeting
you.
you
too.
Yeah. Good luck. Good luck. All right take care.