SPEAKER_R: you? Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: How are you, son?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah, I can tell you everything. Good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Great. So, so
SPEAKER_R: Where,
SPEAKER_L: how do
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: you saw
SPEAKER_L: I'm from texas. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: michigan?
SPEAKER_L: Michigan? Nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice meeting you as well. What part of texas? You don't mind me asking
SPEAKER_L: yes. They're history. Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: very interesting city. I saw uh television program on it a few years back. Was the Anthony Bourdain anything. I don't know if you saw, I've ever heard of him. He did a segment on Houston. I was really surprised by how much how many different cultures there are there. We've made me want to go. I have not been. So if you enjoy living there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like, you know, there's a lot of people like, you know, like a different race, you know? Actually, I'm originally from India. So uh yeah, but like, you know, we have seen a lot of people from India and parts of Asia, you know, and european people. So it's kind of pretty much in a multicultural. So. Right.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I like and I never you don't think of that when you think of texas. So I was I was very surprised that that that Houston was such a diverse city and it's like I said it seemed like I had a great culture. So very cool. I'm I'm born and raised in michigan. So I've I've lived here my whole life. It's uh so I don't I haven't, I've only been to texas a couple of times. I went to san Antonio and Dallas once, but not not enough time to really know know that much about texas, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay, great. And uh, I've been to michigan because in fact, I lived in Ohio, so several years ago. But
SPEAKER_R: interesting. So how, how long have you been stateside then? Are you said you're from India? So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been living in this country about 10 years approximately. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I first came to Ohio. So it's called at Dayton is close to Cincinnati and
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: columbus halfway through.
SPEAKER_R: familiar with date me for this. Very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. A good friend of mine was from Bangalore. He came
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: over, yeah, he came over and he worked with us um as an engineer for about five or six years when he moved to pennsylvania, but I still still talk to him pretty regularly. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: go ahead. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: guys. What part of India where you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from hydra belt. So it's close to Bangladesh. Yeah, it's not too far. It's about like eight hours by road. And one of my flights. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I've not not made it to India, unfortunately. I'd love to love to go there sometime as well.
SPEAKER_L: but like not anytime soon. You know, like because of these pandemics. Uh Probably. Huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, but I don't like going down the street right now.
SPEAKER_L: We're probably looking for at least one more, at least a year and a year from now. We know if not more.
SPEAKER_R: I don't expect that's probably about about, right. So how is that uh that impacted you at all work wise or?
SPEAKER_L: Well actually I'm working from home right now. So because of this pandemic, so I'm engineered to some a computer programmer. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's kind of your computer program you can probably provided you get good enough uh internet, you probably do most to work from home.
SPEAKER_L: yes, it's like I have a high speed internet. So most of the times, you know, I don't have any issues connecting to, you know, my work.
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: had to go back to work last week. I was working from home for, you know, since March and this this last week they made me go back in the office and I have to tell you, I'm not super happy about it. Yeah. You know, it's just you don't really think about it till you get there and you realize, you know the cafeteria is not open and you know, you you as you sit at your desk, you try to eat, you're like, oh, you know, just you're not sure how clean things are then. Uh little bit stressful, I have to say, I haven't ever been thrilled to be back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: fact like, you know, I used to go to the gym but you know, have a membership but right now I'm not able to go to gyms.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, it's a mess, so but yeah, uh I actually I was never a big fan of working from home prior to this and then I worked from home since, you know from March until until last weekend, I think I was more effective at home than I I was at work, it went really, really well, so I'm frustrated, you have to go back, are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_L: Well, uh huh. Honestly, for me, as far as for me right, uh I'm not too happy working from home because you know, let's say that if if if you, if you have a fish interaction with your colleagues in your bus, that's uh, but right
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: now he's back and forth video card, you know, podcast, you know what I mean? I was able to get my work done, but you already know how a lot of phone calls that were meetings, you know, things like that, you know, So that's one thing to, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we've been using Microsoft teams, which again was something we didn't use very much before, you know? Mhm. Usually. Mhm. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So how is the COVID-19 in Michigan? Is it getting better or is going to work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we got better already, um we we got better, we were one of we were the third worst state after new york and California a couple months ago and then they went really strict with the stay at home orders and we've now dropped considerably but we just started opening up again about two weeks ago And that's when things started moving back up again. They had one bar in a college town where Michigan State University is in one night, they ended up lighting up like I think it was 80, cases in one night. So let's start, it's starting to ramp up again. I'm hoping I'm hoping to keep it under control but I've seen what's going on in texas and particularly Houston so I'm sure you're probably taking hopefully taking a lot of precautions right now because it seems like it's not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I'm not stepping out unless Angelina, I absolutely have to go to get some, like, you know, to run to the pharmacy to get some place. Yeah, I'm not really
SPEAKER_R: you have to have to watch out because it's just you, the mask thing has really been interesting, you know, nobody wants to wear the mask, but if you don't wear the mask, you're hurting everybody else. It's
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: like it's not a personal choice, you're choosing for everyone else. Which is very frustrating because we? Re in michigan, we've got a high content of uh uh of the very second amendment, very similar to a lot of rural texas where there's a lot of Second Amendment, you can't take my rights, you can't make me where where a mask type of stuff going on, and it's like, you know what I mean? Just maybe just put that on the back burner for just a minute for the pandemic and and you know, But yeah, you know, it's interesting so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, but the good thing is, you know, I learned how to cook though, you know, doing this uh pandemics. I don't know how try to that and I really don't know how to cook. So not much. In fact like I really cooked here, so but you know I used to eat outside like fast food but you know, I can't down as much as I can, which is good for my health and you know, I started making it more homemade meals like you know, it makes me happy. So.
SPEAKER_R: You know, and the thing is the other thing is you've got time, you know, you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: can't do anything so you might as well learn how to cook. So uh do you have a family or or no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my wife and kids so they just went out for a walk so you know uh I've been like helping them like I said not to be honest, like before this pandemic, you know, I never really cooked their help much, you know in the house, so but now I'm taking care of like, you know uh most parties not the whole thing but in a fire, much part like a cleaning and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I got I got two kids and my wife as well so it's been it's been interesting just keeping everybody everybody's saying when everybody is stuck in the house together you know
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: kind of top
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: been doing trying to trying to get out get out and do walks you know with everybody to make sure that everybody at least gets out of the house a little bit. But uh you know they're so used to going I'm sure your family is to just go go go go whenever whenever you're bored you're going out to just you know to the store just to walk around you know and not being able to do that at all been pretty tough on everybody. So uh kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: thing, isn't it? Sometimes when I walk in my backyard, you know, sometimes when I walk in the neighborhood just for a few minutes, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah you know get a little bit of fun stuff, but I'm not, it's hard when you go back to work, but you get used to cooking yourself lunch. That was the hardest thing for me. Because I got to where I was cooking myself pretty good lunches every day and now I'm back to, you know, I got with no cafeteria even at work and I can't really leave to go, go to a restaurant, restaurants aren't really open. I'm start hauling a cold lunch with me to torture. It's very depressing.
SPEAKER_L: You know, I take the food from the home or you know, you gotta pick something like, you know, on the way out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly. Okay. So uh how is your is your business doing okay with?
SPEAKER_L: The business thing is okay. It's not really too bad. But like I said, uh almost like 95% of the employees are working from home, so. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I work, I work in office furniture, so everybody is scared out of their living. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's right.
SPEAKER_R: they're terrified because what's happening is people like you are proven that guess what, you don't need offices. So working in office furniture, it's kind of a kind of a nerve wracking thing. I think that's part of why they made us come back. Uh We gotta prove to all of our customers how important it is to have an office when in reality I think everybody is realizing that that's unnecessary cost. You can push all that cost to your employees and they're even happier to do it to work at home.
SPEAKER_L: All right. You see a lot of customers, you know, coming to the financial store are not too many customers.
SPEAKER_R: You know it's I work so office for, so I sell to businesses. So right now it's what's interesting is, you know what the economy is slowing down, that's the first thing everybody cuts from their expenditures is you know updating their offices. But it's interesting. We shifted and a lot of larger companies like google and some of those companies are now giving their employees money to spend to outfit their home offices and then pushing them to suppliers like myself to buy, buy their furniture. Um They're giving them like a stipend, so that's been a little bit of a health, but uh still have been down quite a bit. It's been a pretty, I have a feeling we're going to see. We've already had some layoffs. I imagine that quite a few more. It's just a, it's a tough business to be in with what's going on right now because, you know, nobody, nobody is really excited about getting back to the office.
SPEAKER_L: He's gonna take a while.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure like, you know.
SPEAKER_R: think so too. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sir. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right now I'm thinking uh
SPEAKER_L: War.
SPEAKER_R: at least a year before things are back to normal. I mean, I hope stuff will be back to normal by next summer, but I don't know. Hard to say the timeline on a vaccine or anything is you almost hate to hate to rush anything like that. It can be worse. It could be worse if it's done wrong.
SPEAKER_L: Well actually, in fact like it's like they've been doing this vaccine look like a clinical trial. But it's gonna take a while. It's not easy, you know, he's gonna take a while. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: wasn't but probably by end of this irritation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How's your family as you still have family back in India?
SPEAKER_L: How my parents, they usually call them every other day just to see how they're doing.
SPEAKER_R: They're doing okay. I mean it sounds like they kind of peaked a little bit before us and I think they've actually got a little
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: bit told.
SPEAKER_L: had a lot of lockdown in India like until a month ago now there's no, they don't have any lockdown. But the cases are getting a lot, you know,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. They kind of ramped up and I feel like they controlled it a little better than we did. I read everything right. They had a had a really rough first patch. So
SPEAKER_L: And so, uh, so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully things. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Both. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm sorry, sorry. Now I said enough. Uh huh. Not too, but there are more cases.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It'll be interesting. I think they're going to study this for years to see all the different ways that countries responded. Because, you know, it's it's vastly different experiences for all these different countries, you know? Okay. What? You
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: lost
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: Well, like, like Italy and Spain interesting that they're getting better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was like I was saying, I think you might have dropped off there for a second. It will be interesting. I think they'll study this for years to see the different responses from different countries. It's been vastly different results based on how how the country's responded. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not the same sir. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But
SPEAKER_L: so what do you do like pretty much like education Like do you like walking, jogging? Do you hike sometimes
SPEAKER_R: well, you know, I I fired of this. I mostly uh you know, I was taking my kids, they ride horses, so spend a lot of time with them on that and you know, we haven't been able to do that because the place is closed. So yeah, it's been a lot of just walking vocally, we haven't done much much hiking or anything. How about how about you able to get out of the city? Some.
SPEAKER_L: some parts and I opened by so sometimes I take kid but with the masks uh easily go to walk like once a week and I once or twice a week. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I imagine with all the uh beachgoers you probably don't want to go down by the beach, but it would be that sounds so good to be right now.
SPEAKER_L: uh this is not the time to go to the beach.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No it's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: too bad
SPEAKER_L: we have,
SPEAKER_R: though.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we have on beaches called Galveston in Houston, but it's not really that clean man. It's
SPEAKER_R: Only
SPEAKER_L: probably anyway
SPEAKER_R: what? No now further south we got like uh was South Padre Island and all that. That's kind of a popular place to go, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: a popular beach talk part, but the one in the one by the huge terms, it's not I don't want you don't want to go there, right? Especially I've been to Hawaii and florida. So you know if you've been to those places, you know and definitely don't like any other bitches which
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've not I've not been to Hawaii have been to florida but uh yeah hawaii is on my list not made it over there, made it to Malaysia and Singapore which was pretty nice. But I don't think Hawaii would be would be special. I take it. Have you been to Hawaii?
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Hawaii last year November, so 10 days with my wife and kids. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds fantastic. But did you like it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I liked it because you know it's a small island but you know, we really liked the food, you know, everything is great. So uh and also the weather is perfect, you know in the winter time so It's like in our high 80s so again
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that was I went to like if I went to Singapore and that was the one kicker. It was awfully hot. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Well I've been to Malaysia but I've been to Singapore but I think it's closed by Singapore and Malaysia.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very very close to Malaysia. But yeah. Singapore was interesting too. They have these thunderstorms that would come in And it would just be the worst thunderstorm you've ever seen for seven minutes and then it would be perfectly sunny again. That happened like three times a day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So how was the Singapore? Was it good? Beautiful, beautiful. So how did you like Singapore's
SPEAKER_R: I love Singapore. It was such a very culture, you know there was a lot of asian culture, a lot of indian culture, a lot of british culture. So there was a lot of food you could try from a lot of different places which was awesome, very state, very clean, um expensive. But I was there on business so unfortunately was coming out of my pocket. But yeah no I thought Singapore was a beautiful, really really cool place. I would love to take my family there sometime. So awfully long plane ride. Although you imagine your, you get back to India you you know what, those are like long, a pretty long playing idea too I imagine. Yeah. Mm
SPEAKER_L: never been to Singapore like I said, but my friend being there and he said the first super clean, so very very good roads. The roads Singapore. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's right,
SPEAKER_R: everything is just, that's super clean, super steak. Really nice. Okay. But they have uh they don't have a lot of cars. I think they've got like a got a weird tax there where I think You have to pay like $100,000 to get a license for a car. Yeah. Yeah they don't want they don't want people to have cars at all. So they make it only the super rich. So it's interesting when you're, when you're there you'll see taxis and then you'll see like Lamborghinis and Porsches are like cheap cars there because the people who can afford to have a car can really afford to have a car. It's interesting. I've never seen so many Lamborghinis in my life bam please. Um Wild.
SPEAKER_L: it like a rich country? Right? A Singapore is rich, right?
SPEAKER_R: very rich.
SPEAKER_L: Village
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_L: of?
SPEAKER_R: it's uh they say it's banking but you know what rich rich banking is? Uh probably money laundering more than anything else but you know. Yeah you know I'm not sure how I'm the
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: up and up of this.
SPEAKER_L: yeah there is a bank and uh it's not a Singapore but it's in your like Switzerland. So there is a bank, you know, very good legally money launder. So that's what I heard. It's called
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Fishman.
SPEAKER_R: exactly it's the same sort of thing where you know you set the laws up to make it easy for people to do it, they'll find you. So they've got with Singapore Singapore the way of doing it bus. So uh you ever go down to Mexico or no.
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Mexico a couple of years ago, like for three days went to Mexico city and Guadalajara
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I really
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: I would think Guadalajara once I really like to Guadalajara.
SPEAKER_L: I'd
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: thought that
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: do her.
SPEAKER_R: neat city. Mexico
SPEAKER_L: And uh
SPEAKER_R: city I thought was a little scary. What did you think of Mexico city?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't like, I didn't, I really didn't like Mexico City to be punished
SPEAKER_R: No I didn't either.
SPEAKER_L: too many people but but I also went to a place called uh san Miguel de Allende. So that's like an hour drive from Guadalajara. So I really liked it. All right,
SPEAKER_R: I thought like I said I went down for work to Guadalajara two or three times and I thought that was a really nice city. I I liked it a lot and I flew into Mexico city and had to take a take a bus through Mexico city that kept going on and off the highway and just such a mess transportation allies. And it was, it was kind of a, I've heard really nice things about Mexico city but I didn't care for it myself. It was just too big. So.
SPEAKER_L: We were only there for four days. But no, but I was there in Mexico city for a day and have but like I said, me and my wife we didn't like to do this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I went to another place called Connect zero, correct? It was about an hour and a half north of Mexico city and it was about a million people was a decent sized city and I really like that. That was a very nice city. But I just I love the food down there. I don't know, you know, coming from India if you like if you appreciate mexican food or not, it's probably not spicy enough for you. But
SPEAKER_L: I actually uh I also have a couple of Mexican friends read. They always argue with me. This is mexican criticized pricey, but they're not trained indian for Trust me, I'm an indian food is like a lot more spicy.
SPEAKER_R: No, my friend, my friend 30 showed me what spicy food was for India and uh I thought it was really good. But man, that was let me up. It was hot.
SPEAKER_L: I said that's what I'm telling my mexican friends. And the mexican food is nowhere close to the indian for in terms
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: of spies.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, not even the same, same ballpark. Not even close. Indian food is
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: much spicier but uh good like.
SPEAKER_L: Like I said, I'm from south India so I'm close to Bangor. So we eat more spicy food than the north India. So, but if you go to like Bombay and Delhi, like you know the other cities like you know, yeah, they don't need as much spice as like in south India. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. My friend's wife took this from some uh indian food and I thought it was like, I thought it was delicious but it was it was just just I couldn't handle it. It was too hot.
SPEAKER_L: too bad
SPEAKER_R: Bye. Good, definitely good stuff. Okay. The
SPEAKER_L: down.
SPEAKER_R: wind. Uh what was that?
SPEAKER_L: Almost summertime in michigan right now. I guess like that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was relatively hot. Probably not compared to what you guys have down there, but it was about 90° here. So imagine you're probably, I know, I don't know, how much, how much do you get uh of whether off the off the gulf, Does that make it milder at all for you in Houston, or is it just really, really hot?
SPEAKER_L: it's really hard. It's like he's more like a humid so than hard because we are close to the gulf coast. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there were similar with the Great Lakes, it's really human here too. It's it's a it's a very
SPEAKER_L: And I
SPEAKER_R: humid summer in michigan self. It's uh yeah, but we have, you know, we got a nice four seasons because we get snow, a lot of snow when we get, you know, fall and spring are very nice. So I was like I said, I I grew up here, I've always lived here, so I've traveled around a lot of places that this has always been home. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: mhm. Her there are a lot of indians in michigan so in flint ann arbor you know basically.
SPEAKER_R: quite a few.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's got pockets pockets of different culture in michigan, but it's uh it's interesting, you know, on my side of the state, it's it's uh there's a lot of dutch and a lot of Bosnian after the, you know, the war in Bosnia, Hercegovina, there's a lot of refugees over here. So there's a large population of bosnians um which also makes pretty good food different but different than indian food, but it's also pretty darn good. And then we've got uh you know, uh a fair amount of mexicans, but not as many as I'm sure you have done there being so close to the border, but we've got a pretty good mexican culture up here as well. So then on the other side of the state there's more indians closer to Detroit, there's a lot of indian people, No,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: in ann arbor like you said as well, thank you. But yeah, michigan michigan, it's a nice state, I like michigan a lot. Oh good. So are you kids in school or were they, I mean before all of this.
SPEAKER_L: it is like five years ago. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, mike,
SPEAKER_L: it's almost ready. But like uh I don't know if they're going to start the school. They say hopefully they will, but you know, depending on how things would go. But I don't know it.
SPEAKER_R: I don't either. My kids are, I had one that's in sixth grade and one that was in high school and it was interesting the high school and they did a pretty good job of having online learning and keeping things moving for the middle school or they didn't they didn't try very hard. They give her all her work on monday and should be done in like two hours and then she just hang out this week. Uh huh. They didn't, you know at the high school they kept her pretty good. So it'll be interesting you know, I think they'll have a little more time to prepare. Obviously this kind of came out of nowhere so they didn't have a real good plan. I'm hoping, hoping in the fall they have a better plan and they understand kind of how to lot of managing a little better than they did. But we'll see, I don't know what they're gonna do with social distancing cause I don't know how you, how you tell kids do not mess with each other, that's just what they do.
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't think I don't think it's gonna work out for kids in a social distancing.
SPEAKER_R: Not at all. I was restorative
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: nor
SPEAKER_L: though
SPEAKER_R: do I.
SPEAKER_L: you know even people like us, you know we're not even maintaining I mean social distancing. How do you expect the kids to do it?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's no chance. That's kind of what I would say into this. It will be interesting. But I think they're going to try and then break up the school day so that uh kids go one day and then not the next day to try and at least make it sort of possible. But we'll see. No, I don't know. I've been uh I have to get my temperature taken. They use like a heat, you're a sensor and it's interesting. I you know, I pointed out to him today that you know, there's only one person in the building that I go to that everybody has to see, and it's the person who does the temperature thing and she's right on top of us. So we've basically created a funnel so that everybody goes through the one person and we can guarantee that if you've been in the building you've been in contact with that person, it seems like it defeats the purpose, doesn't it? No, logically, I'm like it doesn't seem like his works, but I don't know. Uh huh. Well We've made it to R 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: It's 45 minutes. So bad. And I didn't even check. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 25 minutes. Certainly. Nice, nice meeting you and uh wish you and your family safe uh safe ball survival through this thing, so
SPEAKER_L: thank you. So I will be there problem.
SPEAKER_R: talking to you,
SPEAKER_L: Good talking to you.