How are you, son?
Good. Yeah, I can tell you everything. Good. Yeah.
Great. So, so
how do
you,
I'm from texas. Where are you from?
Michigan? Nice meeting you.
yes. They're history. Right. Mhm.
Yeah. Like, you know, there's a lot of people like, you know, like a different race, you know? Actually, I'm originally from India. So uh yeah, but like, you know, we have seen a lot of people from India and parts of Asia, you know, and european people. So it's kind of pretty much in a multicultural. So. Right.
Okay, great. And uh, I've been to michigan because in fact, I lived in Ohio, so several years ago. But
Yeah, I've been living in this country about 10 years approximately. Mm.
Yeah, I first came to Ohio. So it's called at Dayton is close to Cincinnati and
columbus halfway through.
The
you.
go ahead. That's good.
I'm from hydra belt. So it's close to Bangladesh. Yeah, it's not too far. It's about like eight hours by road. And one of my flights. Yeah,
but like not anytime soon. You know, like because of these pandemics. Uh Probably. Huh
We're probably looking for at least one more, at least a year and a year from now. We know if not more.
Well actually I'm working from home right now. So because of this pandemic, so I'm engineered to some a computer programmer. So
yes, it's like I have a high speed internet. So most of the times, you know, I don't have any issues connecting to, you know, my work.
So.
fact like, you know, I used to go to the gym but you know, have a membership but right now I'm not able to go to gyms.
Well, uh huh. Honestly, for me, as far as for me right, uh I'm not too happy working from home because you know, let's say that if if if you, if you have a fish interaction with your colleagues in your bus, that's uh, but right
now he's back and forth video card, you know, podcast, you know what I mean? I was able to get my work done, but you already know how a lot of phone calls that were meetings, you know, things like that, you know, So that's one thing to, yeah.
So how is the COVID-19 in Michigan? Is it getting better or is going to work? Yeah.
I
mean, I'm not stepping out unless Angelina, I absolutely have to go to get some, like, you know, to run to the pharmacy to get some place. Yeah, I'm not really
That's right.
Yeah. Well, but the good thing is, you know, I learned how to cook though, you know, doing this uh pandemics. I don't know how try to that and I really don't know how to cook. So not much. In fact like I really cooked here, so but you know I used to eat outside like fast food but you know, I can't down as much as I can, which is good for my health and you know, I started making it more homemade meals like you know, it makes me happy. So.
What?
Yeah my wife and kids so they just went out for a walk so you know uh I've been like helping them like I said not to be honest, like before this pandemic, you know, I never really cooked their help much, you know in the house, so but now I'm taking care of like, you know uh most parties not the whole thing but in a fire, much part like a cleaning and
no
like,
one
thing, isn't it? Sometimes when I walk in my backyard, you know, sometimes when I walk in the neighborhood just for a few minutes, you know? Yeah.
You know, I take the food from the home or you know, you gotta pick something like, you know, on the way out.
The business thing is okay. It's not really too bad. But like I said, uh almost like 95% of the employees are working from home, so. Mhm. Yeah,
that's right.
All right. You see a lot of customers, you know, coming to the financial store are not too many customers.
He's gonna take a while.
I'm pretty sure like, you know.
sir. Yes.
War.
Well actually, in fact like it's like they've been doing this vaccine look like a clinical trial. But it's gonna take a while. It's not easy, you know, he's gonna take a while. Yeah, I
wasn't but probably by end of this irritation.
How my parents, they usually call them every other day just to see how they're doing.
they
had a lot of lockdown in India like until a month ago now there's no, they don't have any lockdown. But the cases are getting a lot, you know,
And so, uh, so
hopefully things. Uh,
no, I'm sorry, sorry. Now I said enough. Uh huh. Not too, but there are more cases.
Thank
you.
Well, like, like Italy and Spain interesting that they're getting better. Yeah.
Yeah. It's not the same sir. Yeah. Well,
so what do you do like pretty much like education Like do you like walking, jogging? Do you hike sometimes
some parts and I opened by so sometimes I take kid but with the masks uh easily go to walk like once a week and I once or twice a week. So
uh this is not the time to go to the beach.
Well
we have,
yeah, we have on beaches called Galveston in Houston, but it's not really that clean man. It's
probably anyway
a popular beach talk part, but the one in the one by the huge terms, it's not I don't want you don't want to go there, right? Especially I've been to Hawaii and florida. So you know if you've been to those places, you know and definitely don't like any other bitches which
I've been to Hawaii last year November, so 10 days with my wife and kids. Mhm.
Yeah, I liked it because you know it's a small island but you know, we really liked the food, you know, everything is great. So uh and also the weather is perfect, you know in the winter time so It's like in our high 80s so again
Well I've been to Malaysia but I've been to Singapore but I think it's closed by Singapore and Malaysia.
okay. So how was the Singapore? Was it good? Beautiful, beautiful. So how did you like Singapore's
never been to Singapore like I said, but my friend being there and he said the first super clean, so very very good roads. The roads Singapore. Yeah,
that's right,
it like a rich country? Right? A Singapore is rich, right?
Village
of?
like
yeah there is a bank and uh it's not a Singapore but it's in your like Switzerland. So there is a bank, you know, very good legally money launder. So that's what I heard. It's called
Fishman.
I've been to Mexico a couple of years ago, like for three days went to Mexico city and Guadalajara
there.
I'd
like
to
do her.
And uh
I didn't like, I didn't, I really didn't like Mexico City to be punished
too many people but but I also went to a place called uh san Miguel de Allende. So that's like an hour drive from Guadalajara. So I really liked it. All right,
We were only there for four days. But no, but I was there in Mexico city for a day and have but like I said, me and my wife we didn't like to do this. Yeah.
I actually uh I also have a couple of Mexican friends read. They always argue with me. This is mexican criticized pricey, but they're not trained indian for Trust me, I'm an indian food is like a lot more spicy.
I said that's what I'm telling my mexican friends. And the mexican food is nowhere close to the indian for in terms
of spies.
because
Like I said, I'm from south India so I'm close to Bangor. So we eat more spicy food than the north India. So, but if you go to like Bombay and Delhi, like you know the other cities like you know, yeah, they don't need as much spice as like in south India. So
too bad
down.
Almost summertime in michigan right now. I guess like that
it's really hard. It's like he's more like a humid so than hard because we are close to the gulf coast. So
And I
mhm. Her there are a lot of indians in michigan so in flint ann arbor you know basically.
All right.
No,
it is like five years ago. Yeah,
it's almost ready. But like uh I don't know if they're going to start the school. They say hopefully they will, but you know, depending on how things would go. But I don't know it.
No, I don't think I don't think it's gonna work out for kids in a social distancing.
Even
though
you know even people like us, you know we're not even maintaining I mean social distancing. How do you expect the kids to do it?
It's 45 minutes. So bad. And I didn't even check. Okay,
thank you. So I will be there problem.
Good talking to you.