SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Hi I'm good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: my name is Megan. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: is Katherine.
SPEAKER_L: Catherine? Where are you from, Kathleen?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Ohio. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm fantastic. I'm in texas right now.
SPEAKER_R: in texas. So that's that's pretty cool. I've never actually been there. Have you? Have you ever been up to? Ohio
SPEAKER_L: I have not
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: so I actually don't know anything about. Ohio what's um what's like the best city in your opinion?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. To be honest um I'm not really sure. Ohio is like the state that I grew up in but it's really like you know I live here out of comfort I guess just because I'm used to it but I don't I don't know there's really not great of cities out here. I know Cleveland's pretty good. It has some fun stuff you know But you know that I'm just from the Cleveland area. I don't haven't really traveled that far into Ohio I guess like um they have gone down to columbus like once but it's it's not really a not that great of a state but it's you know something I'm used to I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I mean if your family is there, that's kind of one of the most important things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I was away from my family for like 10 years traveling and it's it's really hard.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I can imagine so. Yeah. How is texas? Because my husband and I were looking about heading down like not towards like in texas, we're looking towards the Arizona region, you know? But I know they have like similar weather to texas, is that correct?
SPEAKER_L: um as far as I know, yeah, I live in Houston, so I'm kind of near the gulf, like near the water. Um
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: So we probably get a little bit more um wind and humidity than some other parts of Arizona maybe. Yeah, so you guys are thinking about moving?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we we've moved a couple times already, we moved out to Utah for a couple of years and then we moved back to Ohio but we always seem to end up back here, you know? I Oh but yeah we were just finishing up our bachelors in accounting and
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: then uh we'll be working on our masters here and then after we finished that my husband wants to go for a juris doctorate. So he was looking at a school over out towards the Arizona region I guess. So he's hoping to get his juris doctorate from there. But
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Are you guys going currently more on like an online education or can you, can you go to school yet?
SPEAKER_R: No we're um we ended up going through W. G. You just, you know, Western Governors University, it's based out of Utah. But they're you know they're really good and um it's all based online. Um I was going to Cleveland state but it was just you know, once they like shut down Cleveland state it was just you know, but it's different moving to an online education, you know? But it's faster paced, especially at Western governors. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of surprised that it's faster pace. I would have thought it had been the opposite. Um Why why do you think it's faster paced?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I guess western governors is based off of competency units, so they're not really based on like traditional education I guess you could say. Um So it's more like self paced learning and then like you have to pass like competency based test with a certain score too, you know to pass out of the class. It,
SPEAKER_L: okay. I see. Yeah I so like as an so I'm an online teacher actually and I can only imagine I guess as it's kind of harder to keep your concentration on an online school would you say? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is because like you know um I mean they do have, you know, teachers assigned to these classes at Western Governor, but like, you know, they're not directly involved with you unless you reach out to them to have them be directly involved with you. Like um when I took my business law class, I was extremely involved with my teacher. I you know, set up quite a few appointments with her just to like, you know, go over certain things because business law was pretty hard. But but yeah, I mean, you know, they do their best to like really explain stuff without like the traditional classroom, you know, and it's really good because the teacher that I had, she was, she was very um you know, uh she was very knowledgeable on the subject obviously, but like, you know, she she's like the only reason why I passed that class, but I know I know a lot of people because like um Western governors has like mentors and stuff that call you on like a weekly basis just to make sure that you're, you know on the track that you want to be on and stuff. And um it's really just, you know, um I guess like, you know it with like the classrooms, I guess though, a lot of people don't actually reach out to the actual course instructors. Um My mentors have told me that my mentors told me that that there are quite a few students that don't take his advice on reaching out to the course instructors and then they end up classes a lot longer than they really need to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's kind of amazing what just talking to the teacher how hopeful it can be. A lot of people don't think that they can but they can just like explain stuff that is just really hard to understand in a few minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so true. Um so you said you're an online teacher, What do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Actually right now I'm teaching english so I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: I teached english to chinese students.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's awesome. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Lots of energy though.
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine. So, um so what got you interested in teaching english to chinese students?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I used to teach outside of the U. S. Um I was teaching in different countries like Azerbaijan and U. A. E. And I just said okay the traveling was enough I want to go home so it's pretty nice to you know you can teach in your pajamas if you want to, it's a little easier.
SPEAKER_R: Um That's that's pretty cool though. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What about you, what do you want to do with your degree after you graduate?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I actually just managed to get a job as a tax preparer. So I'll be working as a tax preparer for a couple of years. And then um once um probably during that time we'll end up getting my enrolled agent kind of going up and and in taxes because you're an old agent in taxes is about as good as your C. P. A. But after I get my masters degree I'll be probably working in bookkeeping and then go from my C. P. A. So
SPEAKER_L: So for for for you say it was tax repair, what exactly is that? Did
SPEAKER_R: tax
SPEAKER_L: you did you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah so I'll be preparing people's taxes at the end of the year. You know like um
SPEAKER_L: Honey.
SPEAKER_R: you know like when you go to like Jackson Hewitt or H. And R. Block or like something like that. Like those people are tax preparers. They prepare your taxes for you at the end of the year so that's what I'll be doing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so it's just it's just like the standard annual kind of take care of business kind of things. Yeah. Yeah. I'm always curious for, so accountants I think you have to kind of obviously you have to be good with numbers. So you're you, I guess you kind of gravitated more towards mathematics in school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um My my best fielder um in english and math I actually have I'm about When I switched over to the accounting degree at W. G. I was I was actually 18 credits away from finishing my English degree at Cleveland State. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah once once I finish this I will probably end up finishing my english jury at some point.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Were you focusing on something specific in english?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was focusing on literature so I was yeah I was getting a bachelor's and um bachelor's in english that was based more on literature. Not creative writing mm
SPEAKER_L: So anybody who has like an english literature background, they usually have a favorite era or maybe even a favorite country that produced literature. What's what's your specialty?
SPEAKER_R: Um To be honest my my favorite is Shakespeare. I love his um I love his like romantic comedies but You know some of them can be very tragic as well but it's just you know I think that was like one of my favorite classes too because I've taken a couple of classes on Shakespeare that my my favourite one was his the class that I took on his romantic comedies and um you know um like I guess I think a midsummer Night's Dream is like one of my favorite stories by him
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. And then okay I saw, I have to admit I never read the book but I did see the movie. I'm sure it's not at all the same.
SPEAKER_R: it's similar you know because I have watched it as well but it's it's similar but it's not exactly the same but you know most most um most movies I guess are you know based off of books are portrayed by the you know director rather than you know the director's view of what's happening rather than you know your perception of what's happening, wow.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it kind of seemed like that play was mostly about, let's say was it kind of about like your like your human nature kind of like you go into the forest and you kind of you become your true self. Is that somewhere close to the idea?
SPEAKER_R: it's I mean I guess you might be able to say that but it's um you know it's it's really just I guess um it's more about the lovers I guess and how that you know how um how they've interacted with each other, but you know, um it's really just, you know, there's like, you know, fairies in it and stuff like that and how they interact with the people more or less like changing their attitudes towards each other, changing like who they fall in love with and stuff like that and it's I guess more along lines of I guess Shakespeare trying to explain um you know how this is just my perception of it, but you know, it seems like Shakespeare was trying to give some kind of idea to why people like fall in and out of love with each other, you know what I mean? Um with with the kind of like fairies, like messing around with emotions and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. In a weird way it's kind of like looking at external forces right? Like of what how external forces can kind of lead to that stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So is there um is there an Era or like favorite author that you have?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, I used to I used to read a lot in school but I really I usually read maybe more about like I used to also be in political science, political economy, so I'm usually when I'm reading something, it's something about the economy or politics so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: I try to stay away from that on prolific though, it's very touchy subject right now, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is very touchy, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Um I was trying to think of um there was um a uh Shakespeare's um I was trying to think of a list of Shakespeare's novels and um I mean there's obviously Romeo and Juliet, but what are the other more famous ones?
SPEAKER_R: Um there's The Tempest um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Let's see um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I'm having some problems right now but um New Zealand's The Tempest from You and Juliette, Midsummer Night's Dream. Um Mhm. Sure
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you can't remember. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: the what's the one about the woman and she's um
SPEAKER_R: Macbeth, there's Macbeths and then um
SPEAKER_L: It's like The sister The Shrew, The Taming of The Shrew, I do know that one. Yeah that was always an interesting one, I always you know because you know your Shakespeare kind of creates this like crude woman and then um kind of focuses on her. I thought there's probably never been a play like that before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Yeah I think like um have you ever read Macbeth? I'm sure that you've heard of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've heard of it. Um I never read it in school, I always found that strange, it's strange the books that you don't read in high school and that was one of them that we didn't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that that was that was a pretty strange one liquids. Uh What's the three witches and stuff and no
SPEAKER_L: Uh and then like the
SPEAKER_R: that's where their first
SPEAKER_L: queen
SPEAKER_R: double double toil and trouble came from.
SPEAKER_L: didn't really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's
SPEAKER_L: Ah that's crazy, I did not know that. Huh. Very interesting. Well speaking of witches or do you have any plans for Halloween
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah so we have um we have five Children so um we're kind of working on trying to figure out what we're doing. I know that they're they're having trick or treating in a city that's um the next town over from us. So we're considering taking the kids trick or treating, which we don't like to keep them from that because it's like, you know, it's one of those things, they've been locked up all summer, most they've really done this summer's like go swimming in the, you know, inflatable pool, you know, you know, it's like they haven't been able to go to the actual pool or, you know, runs and stuff, so it's, you know, we don't want to hold them from trick or treating, but at the same time, this whole thing with Covid kind of crazy. So we're considering taking them trick or treating over there. But what we'll have to see you
SPEAKER_L: So um are the costumes still for kids, are they still kind of rotating around movies still or do
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: I didn't get the classic costumes anymore?
SPEAKER_R: um well, you know, they do based them around movies, like they have like frozen costumes and like Jurassic park dinosaur costumes and stuff you know? But yeah I think I'm not sure if they have like our our little list when she really likes marijuana so I'm not sure. Go on the costumes or not. We haven't really seen any. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: In uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: um what about the boys, do they kind of focus on probably like Iron Man or like the superheroes?
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: Probably?
SPEAKER_R: no my my three year old is obsessed with dinosaurs. Well Territory today actually so we support but yeah he's obsessed with dinosaurs. So we ended up getting him a dinosaur costume. So he you know you know the little like dinosaur alpha with the hood that has like dinosaur face on it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like kind of like a hoodie? Right.
SPEAKER_R: and it's like a one d I guess you could call it mm. Yeah So he's really excited about that but he hasn't taken it off for like two. It's
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: funny. But yeah he's obsessed with dinosaurs to be honest. He's actually really good with dinosaurs. He knows like names of dinosaurs at four and it's really cool because like like we got him a bunch of dinosaurs for his birthday and he was pulling him out and saying like their names and stuff and he was actually getting him right like he actually pulled out like a carnet or and like carnet or and I'm just like I'm just like you're getting crazy with this stuff it's like who knows? Maybe you'll grow up to be like a paleontologist or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah at least it would be a very very interesting profession. That's pretty impressive that I'm like there's some crazy dinosaur names so
SPEAKER_R: we are.
SPEAKER_L: for a four year old that's that's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah he's been learning his alphabets using dinosaurs so it's like it's like it's where he's most interested you know his interest lies in dinosaurs. So like we made him like little dinosaur flash cards that have
SPEAKER_L: Great
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: idea.
SPEAKER_R: you know the dinosaur names and what it starts with and stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's a really
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: good idea. So did you actually have to draw the dinosaur into an alpha bag or?
SPEAKER_R: no we actually just went online and looked up the picture, you know? Um So I just went online and then um copying and pasting the pictures to like over a document and create a little cards that had the dinosaur and like the letter.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's perfect, That's a great idea. I mean, I think, I think a lot of parents forget to focus on where the kids interests are because you know, it really, it's like a night and day difference of whether or not they're paying attention. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it really because like we were trying to teach him like you know alphabets was like you know stuff that my mom taught me like you know a Appleby ball kind of thing and he was just not interested, you know? So it was just like he's gotta learn sometime or another. So we just decided that you know maybe maybe with dinosaurs, he'll listen. So it worked out really well with him. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So do you, are you um do you have to, do you feel like you have to get creative to get your kids to, I'm assuming they're online learning. Also do you feel like you have to get creative to get them to interested too?
SPEAKER_R: Um well he's not in preschool at my two older ones, I have a 13 year old and a 12 year old. And um yeah
SPEAKER_L: Not a problem.
SPEAKER_R: I mean the thing is is that you know when we pulled them out of like normal school, we ended up putting them into an online school in Ohio just because we were afraid with, you know, um with the way that Ohio is like covid 19 stuff has been going, it's been really up and down, you know? And um they opened all the schools and then closed all the schools. Well, most of the schools, like the districts in our area are closed down. So we ended up putting them into an actual online school in Ohio. And it's been really difficult emotionally for them. You know, like they're not seeing their friends, you know, they're talking to people as much and it's just like, you know, with an online environment, they are having like zoom meetings I guess or team, you know, team meetings where they are able to see the teacher and other kids in their class, but not the same. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's a great point. And like, so like social skills is so important for kids, I think a lot of people forget, you know, kids are there to learn education, but also how to interact with people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I know that like, you know, like the teacher um does like certain things like, you know, in in their meetings, they'll involve the students like, you know, what are you going to do when you grow up or something like that, you know? But it's just it's just not the same. You know, there's no recess, there's no lunch period, you know, where they're all sitting down and just, you know, goofing off together. It's just like, you know, you break for lunch, you go upstairs and me lunch in your own house, you know, So
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: excitement.
SPEAKER_R: mhm. You know, I've I've noticed because my daughter is more social than my son. He's taken a little bit better to online learning than she has. And it's just because of the fact that she doesn't have that that social connection with her friends that she should have. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I think also
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: to like, to be honest, the teaching online and teaching in a classroom are two very, very different things. So, um I'm from what I understand and my personal experience, I think a lot of these teachers, they, because they didn't have any training for online teaching, it's a lot harder for them to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Like um we ended up moving them to an actual like online school like um I think it's like um it's called Odell. It's the major online school for Ohio so um I mean the teachers that are there are you know they're based in online learning so it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit different than you know what you'd be faced with with a normal you know traditional school that just moved online. Uh huh. So
SPEAKER_L: What's?
SPEAKER_R: at least there you know teachers that are focused on that and like you know they even like called her you know on her phone just like you know answer any questions and stuff like that so they're really good with that. Um I guess what just concerns me is her emotional state over all of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So she may be kind of feels a little bit depressed and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: She you know, she she is generally outgoing. It's really just a matter of like she's kind of like put herself into this shell since all of this house, you know, like on her phone more and you know, we we've had to like catch her up or you know, have her like sit there and like do her homework because like, you know, she'll just say that she did her homework and then not do it. People, you know, don't realize that she didn't do her homework so she falls back a couple of weeks. She, you know, I just think that she thinks that she's getting away with it, you know? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's, you know, it's a it's a hard balance for covid because on the one hand, you know, you want to keep people safe. But on the other hand, there's other issues of health, like emotional health, financial, health, all these things that influence how you feel on a day to day basis. Yeah. Yeah. So, um well the a lot of people are making plans for vacations when all of this is over. Do you guys have like an end goal of, okay, when all this is over, we'll go do this
SPEAKER_R: Um I think the main thing that we wanted is to really just take our kids down to Disney World. So
SPEAKER_L: off.
SPEAKER_R: we've been we've been thinking because um my are well, my brother in law, he just moved down to florida. So we're thinking that after all this is over, you know, maybe we can take the kids down to Disney World with their cousins because they have to cousin florida now, so but they're getting to that age where they would appreciate Disney world, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's just one of those, one of those places and who knows, maybe we'll stop at Universal, but Universal Studios, but you know, like um yeah, we we really just want to kind of get out of Ohio I guess it's it's one of those states that, you know, it's this state is like really um it can be really gloomy sometimes and just because of the weather, you know, has like basically two seasons, it's like winter and summer
SPEAKER_L: I think I know
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: that. So does I guess it gets, it can get really, really hot. Is it kind of like new york? Really really hot and really really cold. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like we're we're already like um we've already had Like whether that's already been in like around the 20s you know and like and then it just it fluctuates between like Um about this high 70s to like the 20 you know it kind of it's either you're wearing like shorts and a tank like tank top or something or you're wearing a winter jacket. No well it's
SPEAKER_L: Well that
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: must be pretty crazy. By
SPEAKER_R: drawer.
SPEAKER_L: the way, I see that we we finished our 25 minutes, but I just want to say it was very nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well it was nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Best of luck in Ohio take care
SPEAKER_R: you too. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: obey