Oh.
I'm good,
my name is Megan. What's your name?
What?
Catherine? Where are you from, Kathleen?
I'm fantastic. I'm in texas right now.
I have not
so I actually don't know anything about. Ohio what's um what's like the best city in your opinion?
Yeah. Well I mean if your family is there, that's kind of one of the most important things. Yeah.
Yeah, I I was away from my family for like 10 years traveling and it's it's really hard.
um as far as I know, yeah, I live in Houston, so I'm kind of near the gulf, like near the water. Um
So we probably get a little bit more um wind and humidity than some other parts of Arizona maybe. Yeah, so you guys are thinking about moving?
I'm
Okay. Yeah. Are you guys going currently more on like an online education or can you, can you go to school yet?
I'm kind of surprised that it's faster pace. I would have thought it had been the opposite. Um Why why do you think it's faster paced?
okay. I see. Yeah I so like as an so I'm an online teacher actually and I can only imagine I guess as it's kind of harder to keep your concentration on an online school would you say? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah it's kind of amazing what just talking to the teacher how hopeful it can be. A lot of people don't think that they can but they can just like explain stuff that is just really hard to understand in a few minutes.
Uh Actually right now I'm teaching english so I
I teached english to chinese students.
Lots of energy though.
Um Well I used to teach outside of the U. S. Um I was teaching in different countries like Azerbaijan and U. A. E. And I just said okay the traveling was enough I want to go home so it's pretty nice to you know you can teach in your pajamas if you want to, it's a little easier.
What about you, what do you want to do with your degree after you graduate?
So for for for you say it was tax repair, what exactly is that? Did
you did you? Yeah.
Honey.
so it's just it's just like the standard annual kind of take care of business kind of things. Yeah. Yeah. I'm always curious for, so accountants I think you have to kind of obviously you have to be good with numbers. So you're you, I guess you kind of gravitated more towards mathematics in school.
okay.
Uh Were you focusing on something specific in english?
So anybody who has like an english literature background, they usually have a favorite era or maybe even a favorite country that produced literature. What's what's your specialty?
Uh huh. And then okay I saw, I have to admit I never read the book but I did see the movie. I'm sure it's not at all the same.
I mean it kind of seemed like that play was mostly about, let's say was it kind of about like your like your human nature kind of like you go into the forest and you kind of you become your true self. Is that somewhere close to the idea?
Yeah. In a weird way it's kind of like looking at external forces right? Like of what how external forces can kind of lead to that stuff. Yeah.
Oh my goodness, I used to I used to read a lot in school but I really I usually read maybe more about like I used to also be in political science, political economy, so I'm usually when I'm reading something, it's something about the economy or politics so yeah,
I try to stay away from that on prolific though, it's very touchy subject right now, so
Um I was trying to think of um there was um a uh Shakespeare's um I was trying to think of a list of Shakespeare's novels and um I mean there's obviously Romeo and Juliet, but what are the other more famous ones?
yeah.
No.
Mhm.
the what's the one about the woman and she's um
It's like The sister The Shrew, The Taming of The Shrew, I do know that one. Yeah that was always an interesting one, I always you know because you know your Shakespeare kind of creates this like crude woman and then um kind of focuses on her. I thought there's probably never been a play like that before.
Yeah I've heard of it. Um I never read it in school, I always found that strange, it's strange the books that you don't read in high school and that was one of them that we didn't.
Uh and then like the
queen
didn't really?
Ah that's crazy, I did not know that. Huh. Very interesting. Well speaking of witches or do you have any plans for Halloween
So um are the costumes still for kids, are they still kind of rotating around movies still or do
I didn't get the classic costumes anymore?
In uh
um what about the boys, do they kind of focus on probably like Iron Man or like the superheroes?
Probably?
Yeah it's like kind of like a hoodie? Right.
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah at least it would be a very very interesting profession. That's pretty impressive that I'm like there's some crazy dinosaur names so
for a four year old that's that's amazing.
Great
idea.
Yeah that's a really
good idea. So did you actually have to draw the dinosaur into an alpha bag or?
Oh that's perfect, That's a great idea. I mean, I think, I think a lot of parents forget to focus on where the kids interests are because you know, it really, it's like a night and day difference of whether or not they're paying attention. Yeah.
Yeah. So do you, are you um do you have to, do you feel like you have to get creative to get your kids to, I'm assuming they're online learning. Also do you feel like you have to get creative to get them to interested too?
Not a problem.
that's a great point. And like, so like social skills is so important for kids, I think a lot of people forget, you know, kids are there to learn education, but also how to interact with people. Yeah.
There's
no
excitement.
I think also
to like, to be honest, the teaching online and teaching in a classroom are two very, very different things. So, um I'm from what I understand and my personal experience, I think a lot of these teachers, they, because they didn't have any training for online teaching, it's a lot harder for them to do. Yeah.
What?
What's?
Yeah. So she may be kind of feels a little bit depressed and yeah,
Yeah. It's, you know, it's a it's a hard balance for covid because on the one hand, you know, you want to keep people safe. But on the other hand, there's other issues of health, like emotional health, financial, health, all these things that influence how you feel on a day to day basis. Yeah. Yeah. So, um well the a lot of people are making plans for vacations when all of this is over. Do you guys have like an end goal of, okay, when all this is over, we'll go do this
off.
Yeah.
I think I know
that. So does I guess it gets, it can get really, really hot. Is it kind of like new york? Really really hot and really really cold. Yeah.
Well that
must be pretty crazy. By
the way, I see that we we finished our 25 minutes, but I just want to say it was very nice to meet you.
Yeah. Best of luck in Ohio take care
obey