SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. One. All right. Right. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, what? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm all right, little sleepy, but I'm all right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where are you in the country is at 8:15?
SPEAKER_R: No, it's a it's 11 15 here. I'm on the East Coast. Um so I was kind of surprised when I got my time and it was 11 15, I'm going oh, okay. Um because I mean I'm usually a night owl. Of course today was a terrible day for of course staying up late, but
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: you know, uh just I was not expecting it whenever they gave all the time things. I figured I'll get something in the afternoon and then 1115 I went, uh Huh, okay, here we go.
SPEAKER_L: I'm on, I'm in Arizona, so 8:15 works for me because the kids were in bed and it's quiet, wow.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. I have I have an aunt who lives in Arizona. So yeah, she moved to just outside phoenix I think so, more power to
SPEAKER_L: everyone
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I say I couldn't handle the heat. Uh Oof.
SPEAKER_L: well I'm from western new york originally and it snowed
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: there today, so I'll take the heat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: fair. Yeah. Yeah, no, we're uh I say we're under frost advisory here today, so it's I don't, mother nature is so confused right now. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like I had, I had to go out and put buckets and everything over top, all the garden stuff because I thought I was head of the head of the game in here, we're getting a freeze, so,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why I left. I'd rather know what I'm doing,
SPEAKER_R: but fair, fair. So um I guess I'll just, I guess I'll introduce. Um so I'm I'm Dwayne and I'm a teacher, so um Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I am also a teacher
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: that, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What, what, what do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: um well now I'm stay at home mom, but I taught for 10 years and I've been home for three. Um but I taught elementary school, so 1st 3rd 4th.
SPEAKER_R: Way more power to you. I can't, I I don't have the elementary gene, you know, I did, I'm a high school teacher, I teach high school english. Um Right, I did a couple weeks in middle school, like 6th grade on a like an emergency uh as soon as I graduated and I was like, no, I don't, I don't want to be here.
SPEAKER_L: no school sex, I had to do some of that, I was like, nope
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and so, and yeah, I just don't know, I got I got a high school job then, and I've been there for the last 13 years and I'm I'm completely good with that now, but yeah, middle school, uh those are special people, I feel who can teach middle school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's all about like having a like sense of humor and being able to like be self deprecating, but like I couldn't take it, I would literally leave. I mean it was the first few years of my teaching career and I wasn't, I was a reading specialist at the school and all of our middle school reading teachers quit because I taught in a really rough area. So halfway
SPEAKER_R: boom,
SPEAKER_L: through everybody was gone. So they're like, ok, you need to go teach middle school
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: and I would like leave crying because they were so mean. That was brad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was, it was just, you know, because I had, just, for me, I had just got done student teaching with seniors and then I had sixth graders and wow, um you know, out of, I guess this part, like, I expect the senior to kind of hit on me, not that that's okay, but like, but I got hit on by 1/6 grader, and I'm like, this is not cool
SPEAKER_L: It was wrong.
SPEAKER_R: at all. Yeah, and so in the irony of that is um because that was actually in my home district a couple of years ago, wow, I don't know how many years ago, but my facebook notification popped up and it's like you might know and I looked at and I was like um no, no, I don't I don't think so, and ironically it was that it was that girl, and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad, I'm glad you got that far, but I don't I don't want to reconnect.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you, wow. Or
SPEAKER_R: do you miss do you miss teaching since you've been out now for
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: three
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: years?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's Arizona is different. I don't know exactly what state you're in, but education out here is very different. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've heard I'm in pennsylvania and stuff because my my likes and my aunts out there and my cousin actually, she is a elementary teacher as well in the phoenix area and um I know she's she's told me some stories and I've I've kind of, I'm like, wow, that's some wild stuff that she goes through.
SPEAKER_L: it was it was really rough. It definitely takes a lot out of you. And now that I have little kids like I can't I can't do it now. I miss it. I miss the kids and I worked the district that I love working at. I taught a class of refugee kids
SPEAKER_R: expected,
SPEAKER_L: which was super fun, super like rewarding. They were awesome. They loved you so much. They would come in knowing no english and leave, like being able to talk to you could really see growth. So I missed working with that type of population, but I don't have it in me to be a working mom should be a teacher and
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: mom. I just can't.
SPEAKER_R: right, I don't have any kids of my own and I couldn't even imagine trying to juggle my 100 some that I have at school and then juggling my own at home like that, that that takes some kind of super human that I am not. Um So I mean I have I have enough, you know, dealing with my in place that I have a lot of seniors and dealing with, like even right now, especially right now dealing with their the stuff they're going through, like I you get done with a day and it's like I I don't want to deal with anybody else's stuff, you know, and if I had kids who
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: That must be rough having seniors right now. They must be devastated.
SPEAKER_R: they are, but I'll tell you what I mean. I have, I have teaching friends and stuff. Like when all of this kind of started, they were really doubting the like, seniors are just going to shut down senior writers and I fully expected that. And I don't know if I'm just blessed that the kids that I have or have been so resilient, but they are still emailing me, hey, can you help me this? I mean, and they are being real true, but I mean it still sucks, but they're being real troopers about it and I like, I'm so appreciative of they're still doing work. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. They probably wouldn't if they were actually in school. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um, and,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and it's just, it blows my mind because we have, I think we just ended our fourth week, so we've got three more weeks to get them through and then we're done. And for some of them, I think they're if, if they really think about it, they just go now I'm done and walk away. But but they're not and I'm really proud of that because I don't know if I have that willpower, you know or or what, but it's a man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice. That's good. That's what kind of the opposite of everything you here? I don't have any high school teacher friends so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. But that's good to actually hear that the kids are working. I have a high school senior who lives across the street from us and she's her parents are very upset. I think they're more upset than she is that like they don't get to do these benchmarks things with their child, you know, with graduate and prom and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I joked whenever we were in transition with my, with my guys and I told him, I said, hey, we can like have problem of resume and like we'll get a couple of us will chaperone kind of and they were going jones. No, no, we don't, we don't, we don't want to deal with that and stuff and I mean, but they're they're sad, but they're like, we get it though and I don't know, I'm blown away by that kind of maturity because I definitely would have expected them to like throw a fit and be like everything was taken from us and it's like, yeah the world sucks but okay, we're moving on
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really nice. And
SPEAKER_R: sarah.
SPEAKER_L: it'll just be a cool story to tell their grandkids like the year everything got shut down.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Uh And I mean that's the thing I keep telling them, I'm like, look you guys will have a graduate a senior year that nobody else can ever say like everybody has problems, but you've got coronavirus. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, it just it's nuts and stuff. I mean there I think they just sent out today they're gonna do like a digital graduation and everything for the kids. So I'll be interested since, I mean I talk uh I have an online like face to face class with them once a week. Um If how they're gonna react cause we always start off by kind of talking about what's one of the new things the to deal with and everything else and that will probably be the big buzz next week is. How do you feel about online graduation? But it's a problem.
SPEAKER_L: Some high schools out here are going to actually do a graduation in like july, apparently they assume it's going to be safe then, which I don't think it really will be, but
SPEAKER_R: I don't I agree with you. Yeah I mean that is we have we're gonna have a digital one and then there's plenty on an actual one at the end of july and then I think promised the beginning of they're going to try to do a problem at the beginning of august and so but
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: it's all where we stand you know and stuff so but I think you're right I don't think we're gonna be there yet but
SPEAKER_L: And here we're like a lot later than the East Coast to we're still like going up on our curve.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah we're we're just hitting the point like our governors catching a lot of crap right now because we're slowly opening up but not much and they're figuring out what counties to open up at this point. Apparently some counties got uh they're they're not opening up and they're talking about rebellion and everything else and it's like no we did this before, it didn't go well. Um but yeah
SPEAKER_L: No, no one understands. We're pretty much opened back up like restaurants can open monday hair salons opened today. My sister is a hair toilets and she had to go back to work. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: how does she feel about, I mean I I feel terrible that people are out but I also know that there's that huge safety thing. How does she feel about it?
SPEAKER_L: so she's a hairstylist but in Scottsdale, which I don't know if you are familiar with Scottsdale, like She she makes over 100,000 a year as a hairstylist. So she was fine and her company was gonna back pay them to make up their lost wages, so
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so she is fine money wise, you know, she was bored to death, she's a lot younger than me and she's like 25 so she was like I don't know what I'm doing. She normally works six days a week, you know 12 hour days and been home for like a month and he's like what do I do? I watched everything on tv. I'm so bored. He was ready to go back to work I think.
SPEAKER_R: mm that's I mean I can definitely understand that that aspect but I am it is nice to hear though that there are definitely more companies though that are trying to take care of their employees so that's
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: good to hear.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how unique that is. Like my husband is an actuarial analyst, I don't know if you know what like actuaries are. Yeah basically does math all day but he was able to work from home so like we haven't been affected at all which is really nice.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Generally.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yes unfortunately like everyone in my immediate family has had they either work for state or local government or or enough of a business that was able to kind of keep them on so I haven't seen what I imagine what some other people are dealing with and stuff so um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's that's good. I know it's weird because like I haven't seen personally anyone affected like most of my friends I'll have jobs, some of them their husbands got laid off, but they're getting like $800 a week and unemployment. So some of them are actually making more money than they used to. So it's like, I'm not really sure you know how bad it is in other places, but I'm sure it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'll say I think I'm in the same boat that everybody I know is either yeah is collecting unemployment or they're working from home and stuff. So when I when we had our little protests that our state capital with guns and everything else and like I didn't realize that it was that terrible for people, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: And I don't want to dismiss that. But then also it's like, aren't you getting unemployment or like are you not taking it or I'm not really, I don't know, were you in trouble before? And this is just an excuse.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Or is it or is it just your that board right now and let's you know, I've got a gun, let's go
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: protest something, you
SPEAKER_L: March.
SPEAKER_R: know? Yeah. So I don't I don't know. Um So I mean I'm hoping I'm hoping that the overall is not as bad when we come out of this is not as bad as what my brain thinks it will be, but
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Yeah. My husband does like healthcare, actuarial stuff. So his job is basically to set rates for different states for insurance and providers. So he's been like actually working on this and making graphs and trying to predict and all this stuff. So it's interesting to see because you hear everything from all other places. It's interesting to just see like what he's working on and getting like an unbiased fact.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. And I think that's that's really needed right now because I mean where you look at your getting all kinds of different things that are not yet and stuff. So because I know here one of ours was that are morticians through a a big fit because they were pulling the numbers from the hospital before it was reported to the morticians and the morticians felt that they should have been included before it got reported to the state. So they were out of the loop and
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it's become a big like who has the real number game? And I just kind of looked at and I'm like I don't, I don't know why we're arguing about that, but Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like how is it normally done? Do morticians normally report the cause of death and they should be the one to do it or
SPEAKER_R: I think the, go ahead. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: no, I was gonna say or is it the hospitals like responsibility?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think that that may have been one of the big issues, I know that the the morticians, what they were arguing was that in order for it to count, it has to have an actual paper record and there isn't a paper record made until it gets to them that the doctors
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: are only filing like a digital system record. And so maybe that's the thing. But again, it just, it seemed like a lot sweet, it seemed
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: like little things in the whole system that we didn't need to publicly argue about. But I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of hoping everything will like, people will find better ways to do things. I'm hoping that it really because I don't know if you've heard about the whole red fred thing with Arizona and all of our teacher protests.
SPEAKER_R: I have not.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, last year was crazy. All the Arizona teachers walked out, so school was shut down for like several days. They all walked to the capital and protested and now teachers
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: were read every Wednesday because they're protesting for better, you know, work environments, more money, stuff like that. But teachers in Arizona do not have a lot of respect or support, which is different than where I was from in like new york western new york state. It was like teachers were like awesome and everyone loved their teachers. But here it's like you're the bottom of the barrel when you're a teacher so that this whole thing is going to hopefully change some of those opinions because now everyone is forced to teach at home and they're like, wait, never mind, I can't do this. This is not easy.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Yeah. Yeah. Like I think new york's like the, the state we always look at like even we look at up in pennsylvania, we look at new york and like that's what we kind of want to be and then, yeah, like I said with my cousin being in Arizona, I've heard some of the, some of the stories and it's like you want to get out of Arizona as a teacher. Um But but yeah, I'm hoping that this will, you know, because I mean, I'm I'm here of course complained, but I'm okay in pennsylvania as compared to other states, teacher wise and everything else. So hopefully this does wake up some of those, you know, that stuff, but that's what, that's a man.
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: of my hopes.
SPEAKER_R: great. Yeah. Yeah, because I know our neighbor west Virginia. I mean I have a couple friends who teach down there and they all, they struck last year. I think so. Um because I think I was following that one in Oklahoma I think were the two that I was following. And so I apologize, I missed Arizona. But yeah, I was looking at that and I'm like, wow, I'm I'm really blessed where I'm at, but also like, hopefully this changes some stuff. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope so. You never know
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: because now they're going to have to have reduced class numbers. That's one of the things I've been seeing To like get kids back
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: in school, which is good. Like I would have between 32 and 40 kids in my fourth grade class. So that that's normal. Those are normal class sizes for us and
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: eric
SPEAKER_R: that's insane.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's insane. And we don't have subs like nobody wants to sub. So if somebody else in fourth grade was absent, They would split them amongst the rest of us. So now, so there were like six of
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: us,
SPEAKER_R: off there,
SPEAKER_L: if one is absent, and then you take a class of 40 and you split that amongst the five of us. So we would get five extra kids,
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: like kids in the corner, it's sitting on the floor, you're trying to teach. And it's just and that's that's normal. First mammal.
SPEAKER_R: I will never complain about a class of 25-30 ever again um
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: Like 32 is my dream class because you can get good equal groupings of kids. Like I I don't think I've never taught in a class. Less than 28 kids. That was great. 28 1st graders.
SPEAKER_R: I said I would I would run at that point,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I would, I already have an issue due at the elementary school, but 28 of them a minimum 28 oh
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: no acceptance. We don't have assistance either. There's no assists.
SPEAKER_R: that's you can't turn your back ever, I feel thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty much. Or you just have to, you get really good. I feel though like I became a really good teacher really fast because
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you think, or swim, you know, right,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, I
SPEAKER_L: everyone quits or they stay and become really good. It weeds out the weak ones real fast.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, it's just, I think the shame is probably, I imagine there are way too many weak ones and not enough strong ones to say That man 2028, that's insane, I'm just still like
SPEAKER_L: I don't even get me started on the pay in my 10th year. I was not, I was not even, I was at 41,000. Mhm. In my 10th year. That's why I'm not back. If they could pay me, I would do it, but I'm not going to Send my kids to daycare and not be with them all day for $40,000. Not not worth my time.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Well uh yeah, I think, I mean I'm, this is my 13th and granted we've been in contract, I think everybody has been in contract freezes and step freezes, everything else, so I think I'm still in step six so but I'm just under 60 I think now with with everything, so but I don't I know that I work with a bunch of people who do complain about what they make. I mean I do think that all teachers should be paid a lot more than they do. I'm not complaining of what I what I make because I'm very blessed compared to
SPEAKER_L: Right. But still after 13 years you should I would I feel like you should be making a little bit more than that if you were in any other profession and you spent that long you'd be paid accordingly.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And I agree 100% and uh you know, but but you know the arguments always but you get three months off or do you listen to chris Christie it's like five months off
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: because the calendars don't exist. Uh huh. And so they don't take into account the fact of all of us planning and training and everything else, you know, throw that out the window.
SPEAKER_L: And the actual hours you work, like if you add up the hours you work during the year, you're doing all that summer summer hours during the regular school year, nobody clocks in and clocks out at eight hours, you know?
SPEAKER_R: No I have I have a couple of people I work with that's that do I don't know how they do it. I
SPEAKER_L: How did you do that?
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: home?
SPEAKER_R: uh no they refused to work at home.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well good for them.
SPEAKER_R: Well well I think there's some I think there's some funny business going on. I think that there's some uh there might be some deficiencies in um what
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: may or may not be graded. Let's put it that way. But um that's neither here nor there. But yeah I think the most of us you can't just work the the regular eight hour shift and not take stuff home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's impossible if you want to have a good day the next day, you know? That's all right.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And then of course depending on what all paperwork that your school requires you and lesson plans and everything don't throw that in there as well. And it's like You know you just you just worked easily a 12 hour shift And you worked two days over the weekend. So Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: When I remember this I don't miss it.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, Sorry, is gonna flashback?
SPEAKER_L: It's like God like trauma.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but uh yeah, I mean, but I think I think one of the things that you said was was was right though, like you sink or swim and I think those of us who you get in there and you do swim, you do it because you enjoy what you're doing and everything else. So I mean there were definitely times I wanted to to walk away and so I mean I'm glad I haven't and stuff, but yeah, you suck it up and you move on.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Do it because you love it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I do it because I love my kids and stuff, so But wow. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think my timers this are at 30 minutes. Do we just and it then?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. My mind's at 2027. So I think I think we've hit our quota. So
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it was a pleasure chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you too. I wonder what this whole thing is for if they're really going to watch our entire conversation.
SPEAKER_R: They might if, well, I guess we'll get an education on teachers of it, so, but
SPEAKER_L: Well, have a good night.
SPEAKER_R: thanks you, too. Stay
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: safe and uh thanks for the chair.