what?
how are you?
I'm all right, little sleepy, but I'm all right.
No, it's a it's 11 15 here. I'm on the East Coast. Um so I was kind of surprised when I got my time and it was 11 15, I'm going oh, okay. Um because I mean I'm usually a night owl. Of course today was a terrible day for of course staying up late, but
you know, uh just I was not expecting it whenever they gave all the time things. I figured I'll get something in the afternoon and then 1115 I went, uh Huh, okay, here we go.
There you go. I have I have an aunt who lives in Arizona. So yeah, she moved to just outside phoenix I think so, more power to
her.
I
yeah, I say I couldn't handle the heat. Uh Oof.
Of course.
fair. Yeah. Yeah, no, we're uh I say we're under frost advisory here today, so it's I don't, mother nature is so confused right now. Um
and stuff like I had, I had to go out and put buckets and everything over top, all the garden stuff because I thought I was head of the head of the game in here, we're getting a freeze, so,
but fair, fair. So um I guess I'll just, I guess I'll introduce. Um so I'm I'm Dwayne and I'm a teacher, so um Okay.
very
What, what, what do you teach?
Way more power to you. I can't, I I don't have the elementary gene, you know, I did, I'm a high school teacher, I teach high school english. Um Right, I did a couple weeks in middle school, like 6th grade on a like an emergency uh as soon as I graduated and I was like, no, I don't, I don't want to be here.
yeah, and so, and yeah, I just don't know, I got I got a high school job then, and I've been there for the last 13 years and I'm I'm completely good with that now, but yeah, middle school, uh those are special people, I feel who can teach middle school.
boom,
that's true.
Yeah, it was, it was just, you know, because I had, just, for me, I had just got done student teaching with seniors and then I had sixth graders and wow, um you know, out of, I guess this part, like, I expect the senior to kind of hit on me, not that that's okay, but like, but I got hit on by 1/6 grader, and I'm like, this is not cool
at all. Yeah, and so in the irony of that is um because that was actually in my home district a couple of years ago, wow, I don't know how many years ago, but my facebook notification popped up and it's like you might know and I looked at and I was like um no, no, I don't I don't think so, and ironically it was that it was that girl, and I'm like,
I'm glad, I'm glad you got that far, but I don't I don't want to reconnect.
do you miss do you miss teaching since you've been out now for
three
years?
Yeah, I've heard I'm in pennsylvania and stuff because my my likes and my aunts out there and my cousin actually, she is a elementary teacher as well in the phoenix area and um I know she's she's told me some stories and I've I've kind of, I'm like, wow, that's some wild stuff that she goes through.
expected,
but
right, I don't have any kids of my own and I couldn't even imagine trying to juggle my 100 some that I have at school and then juggling my own at home like that, that that takes some kind of super human that I am not. Um So I mean I have I have enough, you know, dealing with my in place that I have a lot of seniors and dealing with, like even right now, especially right now dealing with their the stuff they're going through, like I you get done with a day and it's like I I don't want to deal with anybody else's stuff, you know, and if I had kids who
had
but
they are, but I'll tell you what I mean. I have, I have teaching friends and stuff. Like when all of this kind of started, they were really doubting the like, seniors are just going to shut down senior writers and I fully expected that. And I don't know if I'm just blessed that the kids that I have or have been so resilient, but they are still emailing me, hey, can you help me this? I mean, and they are being real true, but I mean it still sucks, but they're being real troopers about it and I like, I'm so appreciative of they're still doing work. I mean,
Um, and,
and it's just, it blows my mind because we have, I think we just ended our fourth week, so we've got three more weeks to get them through and then we're done. And for some of them, I think they're if, if they really think about it, they just go now I'm done and walk away. But but they're not and I'm really proud of that because I don't know if I have that willpower, you know or or what, but it's a man.
What?
Yeah. I mean I joked whenever we were in transition with my, with my guys and I told him, I said, hey, we can like have problem of resume and like we'll get a couple of us will chaperone kind of and they were going jones. No, no, we don't, we don't, we don't want to deal with that and stuff and I mean, but they're they're sad, but they're like, we get it though and I don't know, I'm blown away by that kind of maturity because I definitely would have expected them to like throw a fit and be like everything was taken from us and it's like, yeah the world sucks but okay, we're moving on
sarah.
Right. Uh And I mean that's the thing I keep telling them, I'm like, look you guys will have a graduate a senior year that nobody else can ever say like everybody has problems, but you've got coronavirus. Uh huh.
But yeah, it just it's nuts and stuff. I mean there I think they just sent out today they're gonna do like a digital graduation and everything for the kids. So I'll be interested since, I mean I talk uh I have an online like face to face class with them once a week. Um If how they're gonna react cause we always start off by kind of talking about what's one of the new things the to deal with and everything else and that will probably be the big buzz next week is. How do you feel about online graduation? But it's a problem.
I don't I agree with you. Yeah I mean that is we have we're gonna have a digital one and then there's plenty on an actual one at the end of july and then I think promised the beginning of they're going to try to do a problem at the beginning of august and so but
it's all where we stand you know and stuff so but I think you're right I don't think we're gonna be there yet but
Yeah. Yeah we're we're just hitting the point like our governors catching a lot of crap right now because we're slowly opening up but not much and they're figuring out what counties to open up at this point. Apparently some counties got uh they're they're not opening up and they're talking about rebellion and everything else and it's like no we did this before, it didn't go well. Um but yeah
how does she feel about, I mean I I feel terrible that people are out but I also know that there's that huge safety thing. How does she feel about it?
that's awesome.
mm that's I mean I can definitely understand that that aspect but I am it is nice to hear though that there are definitely more companies though that are trying to take care of their employees so that's
that's
good to hear.
that's good. Okay.
Right. Yeah. Yes unfortunately like everyone in my immediate family has had they either work for state or local government or or enough of a business that was able to kind of keep them on so I haven't seen what I imagine what some other people are dealing with and stuff so um
Yeah I'll say I think I'm in the same boat that everybody I know is either yeah is collecting unemployment or they're working from home and stuff. So when I when we had our little protests that our state capital with guns and everything else and like I didn't realize that it was that terrible for people, you know? Um
Yeah. Yeah. Or is it or is it just your that board right now and let's you know, I've got a gun, let's go
protest something, you
know? Yeah. So I don't I don't know. Um So I mean I'm hoping I'm hoping that the overall is not as bad when we come out of this is not as bad as what my brain thinks it will be, but
Right. Yeah. And I think that's that's really needed right now because I mean where you look at your getting all kinds of different things that are not yet and stuff. So because I know here one of ours was that are morticians through a a big fit because they were pulling the numbers from the hospital before it was reported to the morticians and the morticians felt that they should have been included before it got reported to the state. So they were out of the loop and
it's become a big like who has the real number game? And I just kind of looked at and I'm like I don't, I don't know why we're arguing about that, but Okay.
I think the, go ahead. Sorry.
Um I think that that may have been one of the big issues, I know that the the morticians, what they were arguing was that in order for it to count, it has to have an actual paper record and there isn't a paper record made until it gets to them that the doctors
are only filing like a digital system record. And so maybe that's the thing. But again, it just, it seemed like a lot sweet, it seemed
like little things in the whole system that we didn't need to publicly argue about. But I
know
I have not.
No.
Great. Yeah. Yeah. Like I think new york's like the, the state we always look at like even we look at up in pennsylvania, we look at new york and like that's what we kind of want to be and then, yeah, like I said with my cousin being in Arizona, I've heard some of the, some of the stories and it's like you want to get out of Arizona as a teacher. Um But but yeah, I'm hoping that this will, you know, because I mean, I'm I'm here of course complained, but I'm okay in pennsylvania as compared to other states, teacher wise and everything else. So hopefully this does wake up some of those, you know, that stuff, but that's what, that's a man.
That's
great. Yeah. Yeah, because I know our neighbor west Virginia. I mean I have a couple friends who teach down there and they all, they struck last year. I think so. Um because I think I was following that one in Oklahoma I think were the two that I was following. And so I apologize, I missed Arizona. But yeah, I was looking at that and I'm like, wow, I'm I'm really blessed where I'm at, but also like, hopefully this changes some stuff. But
but
what?
that
that's insane.
Get
off there,
you,
I will never complain about a class of 25-30 ever again um
That
I said I would I would run at that point,
I would, I already have an issue due at the elementary school, but 28 of them a minimum 28 oh
that's
that's you can't turn your back ever, I feel thank you.
No.
Oh yeah, no, I
yeah, yeah, it's just, I think the shame is probably, I imagine there are way too many weak ones and not enough strong ones to say That man 2028, that's insane, I'm just still like
okay. Well uh yeah, I think, I mean I'm, this is my 13th and granted we've been in contract, I think everybody has been in contract freezes and step freezes, everything else, so I think I'm still in step six so but I'm just under 60 I think now with with everything, so but I don't I know that I work with a bunch of people who do complain about what they make. I mean I do think that all teachers should be paid a lot more than they do. I'm not complaining of what I what I make because I'm very blessed compared to
Right. And I agree 100% and uh you know, but but you know the arguments always but you get three months off or do you listen to chris Christie it's like five months off
because the calendars don't exist. Uh huh. And so they don't take into account the fact of all of us planning and training and everything else, you know, throw that out the window.
No I have I have a couple of people I work with that's that do I don't know how they do it. I
I think
there's
some
things
that
uh no they refused to work at home.
Well well I think there's some I think there's some funny business going on. I think that there's some uh there might be some deficiencies in um what
may or may not be graded. Let's put it that way. But um that's neither here nor there. But yeah I think the most of us you can't just work the the regular eight hour shift and not take stuff home. Yeah.
Right. And then of course depending on what all paperwork that your school requires you and lesson plans and everything don't throw that in there as well. And it's like You know you just you just worked easily a 12 hour shift And you worked two days over the weekend. So Uh huh.
Sorry, Sorry, is gonna flashback?
Yeah, but uh yeah, I mean, but I think I think one of the things that you said was was was right though, like you sink or swim and I think those of us who you get in there and you do swim, you do it because you enjoy what you're doing and everything else. So I mean there were definitely times I wanted to to walk away and so I mean I'm glad I haven't and stuff, but yeah, you suck it up and you move on.
Yeah. Yeah, I do it because I love my kids and stuff, so But wow. Well,
I think so. My mind's at 2027. So I think I think we've hit our quota. So
it was a pleasure chatting with you.
They might if, well, I guess we'll get an education on teachers of it, so, but
thanks you, too. Stay
safe and uh thanks for the chair.