Yeah. Yeah. One. All right. Right. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, what? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No.
Good. How are you?
Yeah. Where are you in the country is at 8:15?
You know,
I'm on, I'm in Arizona, so 8:15 works for me because the kids were in bed and it's quiet, wow.
everyone
very
much
well I'm from western new york originally and it snowed
there today, so I'll take the heat. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's why I left. I'd rather know what I'm doing,
I am also a teacher
that, yeah.
um well now I'm stay at home mom, but I taught for 10 years and I've been home for three. Um but I taught elementary school, so 1st 3rd 4th.
no school sex, I had to do some of that, I was like, nope
Yeah. I think it's all about like having a like sense of humor and being able to like be self deprecating, but like I couldn't take it, I would literally leave. I mean it was the first few years of my teaching career and I wasn't, I was a reading specialist at the school and all of our middle school reading teachers quit because I taught in a really rough area. So halfway
through everybody was gone. So they're like, ok, you need to go teach middle school
and I would like leave crying because they were so mean. That was brad. Yeah.
It was wrong.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah. Thank you, wow. Or
I
do,
yeah, it's Arizona is different. I don't know exactly what state you're in, but education out here is very different. Yes.
it was it was really rough. It definitely takes a lot out of you. And now that I have little kids like I can't I can't do it now. I miss it. I miss the kids and I worked the district that I love working at. I taught a class of refugee kids
which was super fun, super like rewarding. They were awesome. They loved you so much. They would come in knowing no english and leave, like being able to talk to you could really see growth. So I missed working with that type of population, but I don't have it in me to be a working mom should be a teacher and
mom. I just can't.
What?
I know. Yeah.
That must be rough having seniors right now. They must be devastated.
Yeah. Right. They probably wouldn't if they were actually in school. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Nice. That's good. That's what kind of the opposite of everything you here? I don't have any high school teacher friends so
I don't know. But that's good to actually hear that the kids are working. I have a high school senior who lives across the street from us and she's her parents are very upset. I think they're more upset than she is that like they don't get to do these benchmarks things with their child, you know, with graduate and prom and all that stuff.
Yeah, that's really nice. And
it'll just be a cool story to tell their grandkids like the year everything got shut down.
Yeah.
Some high schools out here are going to actually do a graduation in like july, apparently they assume it's going to be safe then, which I don't think it really will be, but
they are.
And here we're like a lot later than the East Coast to we're still like going up on our curve.
No, no one understands. We're pretty much opened back up like restaurants can open monday hair salons opened today. My sister is a hair toilets and she had to go back to work. So yeah,
so she's a hairstylist but in Scottsdale, which I don't know if you are familiar with Scottsdale, like She she makes over 100,000 a year as a hairstylist. So she was fine and her company was gonna back pay them to make up their lost wages, so
Yeah, so she is fine money wise, you know, she was bored to death, she's a lot younger than me and she's like 25 so she was like I don't know what I'm doing. She normally works six days a week, you know 12 hour days and been home for like a month and he's like what do I do? I watched everything on tv. I'm so bored. He was ready to go back to work I think.
I don't
know
I don't know how unique that is. Like my husband is an actuarial analyst, I don't know if you know what like actuaries are. Yeah basically does math all day but he was able to work from home so like we haven't been affected at all which is really nice.
Generally.
Yeah that's that's good. I know it's weird because like I haven't seen personally anyone affected like most of my friends I'll have jobs, some of them their husbands got laid off, but they're getting like $800 a week and unemployment. So some of them are actually making more money than they used to. So it's like, I'm not really sure you know how bad it is in other places, but I'm sure it is.
And I don't want to dismiss that. But then also it's like, aren't you getting unemployment or like are you not taking it or I'm not really, I don't know, were you in trouble before? And this is just an excuse.
All
March.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. My husband does like healthcare, actuarial stuff. So his job is basically to set rates for different states for insurance and providers. So he's been like actually working on this and making graphs and trying to predict and all this stuff. So it's interesting to see because you hear everything from all other places. It's interesting to just see like what he's working on and getting like an unbiased fact.
What?
Yeah. Like how is it normally done? Do morticians normally report the cause of death and they should be the one to do it or
no, I was gonna say or is it the hospitals like responsibility?
Well,
For
Well,
I'm kind of hoping everything will like, people will find better ways to do things. I'm hoping that it really because I don't know if you've heard about the whole red fred thing with Arizona and all of our teacher protests.
Oh, last year was crazy. All the Arizona teachers walked out, so school was shut down for like several days. They all walked to the capital and protested and now teachers
were read every Wednesday because they're protesting for better, you know, work environments, more money, stuff like that. But teachers in Arizona do not have a lot of respect or support, which is different than where I was from in like new york western new york state. It was like teachers were like awesome and everyone loved their teachers. But here it's like you're the bottom of the barrel when you're a teacher so that this whole thing is going to hopefully change some of those opinions because now everyone is forced to teach at home and they're like, wait, never mind, I can't do this. This is not easy.
One
of my hopes.
Yeah. I hope so. You never know
because now they're going to have to have reduced class numbers. That's one of the things I've been seeing To like get kids back
in school, which is good. Like I would have between 32 and 40 kids in my fourth grade class. So that that's normal. Those are normal class sizes for us and
eric
Yeah. It's insane. And we don't have subs like nobody wants to sub. So if somebody else in fourth grade was absent, They would split them amongst the rest of us. So now, so there were like six of
us,
if one is absent, and then you take a class of 40 and you split that amongst the five of us. So we would get five extra kids,
like kids in the corner, it's sitting on the floor, you're trying to teach. And it's just and that's that's normal. First mammal.
Oh my God. No. Yeah.
Like 32 is my dream class because you can get good equal groupings of kids. Like I I don't think I've never taught in a class. Less than 28 kids. That was great. 28 1st graders.
No.
With
no acceptance. We don't have assistance either. There's no assists.
Yeah, pretty much. Or you just have to, you get really good. I feel though like I became a really good teacher really fast because
you think, or swim, you know, right,
everyone quits or they stay and become really good. It weeds out the weak ones real fast.
I don't even get me started on the pay in my 10th year. I was not, I was not even, I was at 41,000. Mhm. In my 10th year. That's why I'm not back. If they could pay me, I would do it, but I'm not going to Send my kids to daycare and not be with them all day for $40,000. Not not worth my time.
Right. But still after 13 years you should I would I feel like you should be making a little bit more than that if you were in any other profession and you spent that long you'd be paid accordingly.
All
And the actual hours you work, like if you add up the hours you work during the year, you're doing all that summer summer hours during the regular school year, nobody clocks in and clocks out at eight hours, you know?
How did you do that?
I
don't
work
at
home?
Oh well good for them.
Yeah.
It's impossible if you want to have a good day the next day, you know? That's all right.
When I remember this I don't miss it.
It's like God like trauma.
yep. Do it because you love it.
Yeah. I think my timers this are at 30 minutes. Do we just and it then?
Well
yeah, you too. I wonder what this whole thing is for if they're really going to watch our entire conversation.
Well, have a good night.
Thanks.