Hi.
Can you hear me? No?
Yes I can. Well, my name
is
Sam
Sarah. You know, I really wasn't sure. I was going to have a person on the other end of this.
you know, did you kind of think there's something else going on here? You
know,
they're, they're going to see how many times we'll try this before we give up or whatever. So anyway,
Fun. Oh,
I'm pam and
I just set a timer for our 25 minutes. Okay.
So I guess we talk about anything.
I do with this. You know, I've looked at other surveys and they weren't very interesting, but I think these prolific ones
are very interesting most of the time,
you
know?
I've really, I've enjoyed doing these and you know, it's not really for the money. It's kind of, I mean it's nice little coffee change, but it's kind of like to see what they're up to, you know? Yeah.
So where do you live? Do
you mind sharing that?
Thank
you. Oh cool. I'm outside of Dallas in a place called Alan.
Well, I haven't been doing much for fun lately because I've been on crutches. They were in the background. Oh, you can't
see
him
for my hair. I've been on crutches for a couple of months. I just ditched him last week. But normally because I have, I have a little fracture, I'm getting a hip replacement. But normally I like to height. I like to exercise. I like to read. So like to travel. So most of those things can't, haven't been doing much of. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh That's awesome. See that's where we are. Two were real flat, were real flat. If we have a little bit of hill, it's like, oh my, you
know,
it's
hill country and it's like,
yeah, well it's all relative, right,
so, but yeah, I do like to, you know, I just find those little places that are a little different to hike. We actually have some nice trails behind where we live, you cross a golf course to get to them. So we usually wait until there aren't many golfers out, we kind of slip across the course and then you can get to some trails that kind of wind along some little creeks
and stuff so that's okay. Yeah.
So is everybody healthy and safe where you are as far as your friends family?
They're
young,
wow, that's,
that gives me goose bumps a little bit, you know, it's like, wow, I honestly have not known
anybody who's been sick At all.
Um and our whole county we have like a million people and we hate to count in terms of deaths. But hey, let's face it, 30 people With 20 in the hospital right now, you know, so people are more clamoring to get out than anything. They're
like,
let us out.
And
hold
on.
Well, see, I agree with you and I have a husband who's got chronic fatigue and all kinds of immune things around that. So he's like, please don't go out, we can go out right now. I'd love to go to a patio and just have one nice meal and a nice glass of wine,
you know?
I know. I mean, that's what I want more than anything. My friends saying I want a pedicure, I want this. I went down like, I just want that nice meal. I just want to be on that patio. Yeah. But he said ross is like, please, please don't do it yet because he's right in the demographic that just doesn't do well.
Well,
thank you for working vet tech. We've had our little girl over to the vet a few times and uh I really appreciate it because they're still getting sick while all this is going on and
then
And I appreciate that are that said molly was supposed to get her teeth done and they pushed that out because they said that something came out from the veterinary association that said, please would you, if it's not crucial, would you refrain because we want to preserve the oxygen, We want to keep our people safe, you know, all that kind of stuff. And it was,
I'm chuckling here a little bit because as you were talking I was picturing we drove molly over and we needed her to get a shot and they had had us, she'd been sick and they had a they gave her a shot and then it was the weekend they
said here you can give this to her and we couldn't we shove some pills down her throat instead and there were the same kind of thing but she had been spitting
them out, that's why we're uh so we take her over monday we go we can't do it, we'll pay you more. Please do the shot chorus, we hand her out the window, the two people there take her stand there next to our car, give her the shot and you're back through the window, is that what you're it's hilarious.
I know, we're going to get used to certain things. Yeah. Yeah.
Thank
you. Yes.
well she's a little mix. She's little it's looking to see if I have a picture. I don't have a picture of around and she's in with my husband right now but because I make her leave when I have a call. Um
So but he's a little fluffy. About £14 black and white. When I got her D. N. A. Tested they said um 25% Shit Su 25% loss of 50%
mixed breed were like we know she's mixed
breed. That is totally a cop out.
Oh my gosh
our tests are extremely sensitive but oh I was so excited to open it and I was like no this tells me nothing.
a little bit and and I had I posted it on facebook and said she just got her DNA done what do you think? And so people were all gassing and we had a little fun with it. But
yeah. And she's a little rescue and we've had two out of three have been rescues and they are a different personality,
you know?
And
Oh my gosh. Oh
my gosh. I thought it was like a little stuffed animal you were picking up just a little, I mean not stuff like a, like a doll, like a little tool. It Oh. Oh. Health
pressure.
Uh She's
adorable. What's her name?
Oh my gosh. Oh
my gosh, So cute.
In what way?
Well
molly
is
pretty strong too. I describe it as um sometimes I felt when we first got her it was like having a little squirrel on the end of the leash. I mean it was like popping all over the place and like Slovenia and she's still that way in a lot of ways, but she's calmed down a little because she's five now. Mhm But and if we leave the room, it's the funniest thing like mhm I'll leave the room. She has to follow me, you know, I think that as part of the coming from the shelter, you know, she was a stray and somebody found her out on the streets when she was three months old so bless her little heart, she's afraid to let you out of her sight, you know.
Uh huh. So
um All right, so you like to hike,
what else do you do for fun? You like to eat at nice places to
find places. Mhm
And what
yeah, we don't have as much of that here. I mean I know you have a lot more average in Austin for a while tons there. But
uh it is fun. It
is. I
think it changed in the decades though. It's like it started out as this little lazy quiet town and now it's like
crazy bustling. Crazy.
tons
of,
I don't
know,
I mean
where are you from originally?
See I'm from pennsylvania and then I lived in Chicago for a while and
I was
northwestern pennsylvania. So I totally know cold and totally agree. Like I would never, ever, ever, I don't even like to visit when it's cold. I'd like to visit those places when it's myself.
I love it and
love it. Okay, so I lived in Austin and they said, somebody once told me there are four constituencies here and those naked, really unique. So they go, let me see if I can remember, they said there are the government people because it's a state capital, there's the university because it's huge, huge impact. There's the lake the lake people. So
there's a whole string of lakes and then the hippies left left over hippies, they said the left
over.
Yeah. And I thought you know what, after living there for a bit. Yeah. Yeah. I think that kind of describes it.
Yeah. My favorite of those lakes was like Austin because it went right through the town. So if you get on a boat and just sort of stop and have drinks, stop and have something to eat.
No, I'd better not talk about that anymore. We both want to go stop
place.
So what have you been doing? Okay, so you've been working? So have I, mm
I'm an executive recruiter uh for a technology company called Gemini. And
I work from C. That's been no change at all. It's great from here.
And I've kind of found for the longest time it was very hard. I loved to read but I didn't feel like reading. I was like not focusing you know, really
distracted. So
so kind of just you know all these people like I'm doing all these productive things and I didn't you know, my product and thing was just getting through a work day, you know?
So we brought my mom here for quite a while. She lives in a senior living place. Not assisted the independent, But she was like,
you know, we
said you can come here if you'd like 20 minutes away, she's like I'm fine, I really like the food and you know it's fine. And then she started grumbling and it's like these people are not listening to the instructions. They're not social distancing, they're doing dumb things. Finally, one day she texted me and said, these people are idiots getting out here. Oh,
so we brought her to my house and she stayed here for a very long time and then we start opening things up. She said, time to go back to take her back. And now she's like, the inmates tell me the inmates, they call themselves inmates. The inmates say that the food's been horrible ever since I left. It's terrible and like, because they're bringing it to your room, it's harder to come up with your not going to have those same meals when they have to distribute to people's rooms, 100 grand,
you know. Mhm But like, sorry, it is what it is
so far.
I
know,
and
that's why I felt better when you're here for a while. They really, the place she lives is great. They've been trying so hard to do fun things like, I think it's really cute. They send out an email that says everybody has the same cable service, right? So they're like a movie tonight is whatever the sound of music. And we're so everybody tune in at six because they'll eat early, you know, so six tune into channel Blah Blah and uh we're bringing popcorn around so you'll have it on your door by 10 to and sort of all watching a movie together and
had a musician
what
it is and particularly for these people because I think they contend that a little bit more depression tendency, you know, they
also would say like go out on your porch. Between these times we hired like an easter, they hired a guy to entertain you, played violin at easter brunch. But since we're not having easter brunch he's gonna wander the buildings and he'll be a
building one at this time to this time. And so you open your window, you go on your balcony, he walks around playing music cinco
de
mayo. They did that with a guy who played mariachi, like a little like a one man mariachi band and they brought margaritas around. I mean they're
trying you know
I think it's cool
and I wanted a margarita after that
and so we went we found a place where you can, it was like a chili's where they don't get a mix, you don't really get, they don't hand you a frozen margarita
but
the hands
of the ingredients make one on the rocks like Okay.
Uh huh.
Really? I didn't know that.
Uh I bet God that sounds so great,
this sounds great.
Do you
live right in new Orleans?
no
mama,
that's cool.
Oh that's cool.
Oh that's cool, well what a fabulous place and I haven't been there in ages but I always said new Orleans can be so many different things, like it can be a romantic getaway, it can be a crazy friend, Get away, it can be an artsy focus thing, it can be a foodie focus, I mean it's just so amazing.
Uh that's awesome
and all
the body,
Mhm. That's very cool while you're lucky, that's a nice place.
So you're probably stay put
or it depends where things take you, we're operative is taking
well I just talked to my old boss today who lives
in north Carolina part
of the year, she's in the mountains there right now and uh huh mhm,
Just lovely. Mhm,
So,
so yeah, well she, she lives in Alabama and probably some similar climate to yours. Maybe write a little humid
warm. So she, they wanted a place where they could go during those humid months. I'm not sure whether they're now a little early for them, but usually they go in the heart of the summer, they go to north Carolina
to get away from the humidity and stuff.
So yeah,
Yeah, we're still okay right now, but we're coming up on there aren't really brutal time is probably mm late june to mid september
frisco's right by me. I mean it's right. I am in a town called Alan and there are like these four cities that kind of do a lot together, frisco mckinney, allen and Plano or like the main cities in Collin County. I mean frisco is literally like minutes from here, you know?
Yeah, Yeah. Well let's see. We got 30 seconds is all, but this, you made it very easy. You made it very
child.
I still can't believe that we're actually talking because one of my first surveys, they said you're gonna be paired with a person and they're going to do stuff and you're going to react and the, and so I go through and you don't ever see a person, you're just like reacting to what someone else picks for an answer to a question. You get a chance to change your mind and
that's what it was. They said
there never was a person and here's what we were trying to do. So I thought, oh this is going to be,
how many times will you keep coming back when the person when there's really no person there and you know now I'm really anxious to see what the real underlying thing is.
Yeah. Well I guess we're good. Huh, 1925.
It was very fun. You're a doll and best wishes for you with all your veterinary work. Uh
That's good stuff. It's nice to have a career that probably makes you feel good. At the end of the day you've helped people with these pets that they love. You know, I've just helped people get jobs that pay a lot more than what I make. So you know at the end of the day you're not like wow that makes me feel good. But it is fun because I get to meet people and talk to them. I don't see them but I talk on the phone so
there
you go. There you go. Well, great to meet you.
Youtube. Stay
safe and healthy by. Okay, Now where do we go? I guess back to our other
little screen.