Hi,
can you hear me?
I told you I can. You can hear me though,
Hi,
you're
Sarah.
Me too.
I
kind of did. Yeah.
we're
Or like how many people are even going to do it? What did you say your name once again
Perelman.
Oh good thanks.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you do a lot of these like survey things for extra money?
No,
I feel
the
same way. Yeah.
totally. Mm.
I
of course. Yeah, I'm in
New Orleans.
Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. What do you what do you like to do for fun?
Well
what
happened?
Yeah. I also love hiking. Um
Not a whole lot of that where I live. It's very flat but there's still some cool trails that go through the swamps and stuff so that's always fun to go out and see some gators.
it's
just
like the middleton
quick.
Yeah, totally.
My
that's nice.
Yeah. My friends and family are all good. I haven't, I mean I've I've known a few of my friends have gotten it because their nurses. Mhm. But they were OK. They got over it easily. You know, we're all young and
healthy
apart. So they just stayed home. It was kind of like, I hate to say it, but almost like a little vacation for them
witness great. Because, you know, I know it doesn't always end that way.
Thank you.
That's great.
I
get,
Yeah. Yeah, I'm definitely not in that camp. I I already have to go to work still because I'm a vet tech, so we're 10 essential. Uh so, you know, it kind of feels like you're really relying on the public that you work with to keep you safe, So I'm in no hurry to be like going off into crowds or anything like that anytime,
soon I'm gonna, see we're starting to do like a very
soft
reopening of the city, here very soft, like places will operate at like 25% capacity and kind of thing and I'm going to wait it out and see how that goes before I'm going anywhere.
I know. Oh God,
I'm dying to hear the words. Would you like any coffee or dessert, like? Oh God. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, and I don't blame him at all, like, you know, that could end up being really tragic if, you know, if it were to come into your household. Yeah, so
it's
I appreciate
that. Yeah, they still need somebody to take care of them, Yeah.
that's great. Yeah, I wish we were doing that. We're still taking all cases no matter what and it's yeah, yeah, I mean it has me kind of nervous, but we are also only where we're not letting people into the building at all. We're doing like parking lot pick up and we're wearing masks, we're asking our clients to wear masks were washing our hands till they're like bleeding. So we're trying to like, it's one of those tricky balances between keeping everyone employed and trying to keep everyone safe, you kind of have to meet in the middle there, which is difficult. Yeah,
but
What?
yep, that's what we're doing sometimes. Like if the, if the pet is like, you know, really old or like arthritic or something, I'll just give him the shot right in the car uh entry. I like not to like owner opened the door and I'll try not to touch anything. I'll just be like yeah I kind of like this not letting people in the building thing.
because I can shout to my coworker across
the
building and like oh none of us have filters right now. It's going to be bad when we start letting people back in. We're going to really have the one. Uh What kind of dog is molly?
Won't get up.
Thank you.
What
How vague. That's fine. That's why we did the D. N. A. Test to know what the mixed breed was.
I guess that's that's uh their way of saying we have no idea what.
That is exciting though. I mean you got to know a little bit.
It is fun. I love those. Like just super months and you're like, what the heck are you?
They
can be.
It's very, it's variable. I've got one rescue one. I don't know if I can call it a rescue that his previous owners didn't want him anymore. And so my family just took him and he is the best dog ever. He's my little docks in my best friend, best dog I've ever had. And then we rescued this little baby.
she,
does this
mean she's 16? We got her, We rescued her like almost two years ago now actually.
And he
winky.
She
so cute. But I tell you she's a she's a little nightmare. Yeah,
she has a very strong personality and what winky wants when he gets. Well, mm. Yeah, but
she's she's
great
and
Yeah. A lot. I I've noticed a lot of rescues really do take on that kind of like they need to be glued to you I guess because you know, abandonment issues. It's sad. But it's also like, you know, it's sweet and it's it's nice to know for you that like they're never going to have to go through that again. Yeah.
Yeah,
that's
I do.
I like to go see music, but
can't really be doing any of that right now. Yeah.
awesome. Austin is a place I'd love to go visit. I've never I've never been.
I
know
bustling.
It looks like a lot of fun though. And from what I understand, there's a lot of like it is a big bustling city, but there seems to be a lot of outdoor stuff video as well.
It seems
like a place I could live with that similar climate,
I
can't do the cold, I can't live anywhere,
it's too cold.
New Orleans, I've lived here forever.
Very
old.
You've transformed into a southern Uh huh.
Well
that's
The last
two for Hippies,
that's sounds about right from my very limited understanding.
That sounds so lovely.
it's okay,
this is all we have right now, is our fantasies,
What do you do?
do you get to work from home or do you have to go in?
Oh that's awesome. Okay.
Mhm
I get that,
I am right there with you right there with you?
You think
that?
I don't blame her at all,
fine.
Alright, so does everyone uh that lives there that everyone stays safe and
Okay, that's great. I definitely worry about that. My grandmother lives in an independent senior like apartment complex and I just I just worry because
it's
it
it's
That's adorable, but
also it's
also pretty important to keep morale up.
totally.
Well.
But
some
That's
so great,
I want a mariachi man to come outside of my door and bring me a margarita.
Well
You kind
of have
to do it yourself.
Yeah, you take what you can get. Right. Yeah,
I've been laughing a lot because we you know New Orleans is known for having a drive through batteries and such.
Yeah. Yeah. The only you have to keep you can't put the straw in the drink while you're driving. That's illegal. You got to keep the straw out and the lid on until you get home. But it's perfectly legal to get a drive through daiquiri. And I've noticed just how much busier the drive thru Dockery's have become.
Oh I know,
I
know
I do. So I I live uptown so it's more like Like little shops and like cute things
but downtown
is just like 10 minutes away.
Yeah it's great. I uh I love it. I I'm very stuck between like being a city girl and being a country girl because I can really play both parts very well.
I enjoyed both. I wish I could have both. Yeah.
History there's tons of history you're into that which total history nerd
so
like
I love just all the old architecture and it's pretty cool.
Thanks. I think so too.
Mhm. For now anyway.
I'm not closed off to going anywhere else at all by any means. I think uh north Carolina sounds pretty nice. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Yes.
I I went once when I was like 11 years old and fell in love with it. I haven't been back since, but I still think about it like all the
time.
probably millions.
Water.
That would be very nice. It's about to get uh I've been trying to go outside as much as possible right now because it's about to just, it could hit us that heat and I really can't stay outside for more than five minutes without being kind of miserable
unless you're in the water.
Mhm. Yeah. My cousins live in a in frisco. I know that's yeah. And uh they tell me like, you know, it hits like 110° in the summer sometimes. And so I feel them us too, but it's like it's drier over there then over here, so I don't really know what that feels like. Mhm.
Small world, isn't it?
Well,
I was a little nervous, I'll be honest about, you know, just talking to a stranger for 25 minutes, but this is very nice.
And then what? At the end, it was like, it was all fake.
I
one of those.
Yeah, me too.
Well, painting, It was super nice to meet you. This was fun.
Thanks.
Your vital in people's career launching points. That's
important.
You too. You take care.
Bye.
I can't.
I guess so. All right.