there? Very okay. No. Yeah.
I'm talking Mhm Mhm Mhm.
Okay. I don't care. Hey? Yes,
how's it going?
Can you hear me?
Right. How you doing?
Where
are you
north Carolina? Uh
We're going to, Yeah.
I'm in phoenix. What about you?
What is your weather like there right now? Yeah.
Yeah. Nice. We're still in the 90s here, but we're working down yeah.
Usually stays nineties 100 until the end of october and then starting november, we go down to the movies. Yeah. Go so you do these things a lot? Have you done a lot? Whoops, I lost you.
Yeah, me too. You between jobs, are you just doing it for fun?
That's cool. Yeah, it's an easy $20. Right.
Yeah. No, I can't see your face anymore. So you just like uh yeah, I don't, I don't see you. I can hear you.
Okay, let me, let me just refresh this screen here. Yeah. So how long you been in north Carolina? Mhm
No,
cool. Have you always been that like what where were you before?
That's cool.
this
that's good.
I kind of have to do that nowadays you know,
I grew up here but then I went to school in California and lived there, I don't know about 10 or 11 years and came back here to Phoenix. Yeah, I got too expensive, I was in san Francisco and got too expensive so yeah
totally,
I could do it at first but then I got laid off and then it was just impossible. Yeah so yeah and now I'm kind of between jobs. Yeah
yeah totally. What what kind of stuff are you into, what do you do in your spare time?
Come on.
well
now.
is
that? I'm curious
what kind of blood
is it?
wow that's great.
minus that's not the kind
of story actually inflatable hot tub. Mhm.
lot cheaper, that's for sure.
Nine. Okay.
but
that's
Nice. So you have a hot tub?
Oh cool. So you got your cauldron
all set ready and
like allergy
or something?
so we've
been
going
on there,
you put
it in the ground,
is it above ground? Are you putting it in the ground?
Cool.
Okay that's cool. We live in a kind of an old house and when we moved in there's a there's a brick like a uh huh
it's like this thing that looks like it's about the size of a hot top, but it's all bricked in, we couldn't figure out what it's for because it's got steps going down and it looks like it's not really not really sealed for a hot tub. So we haven't really figured out what it's for you. It's just kind of sitting there empty.
It could be but I mean there's nothing.
Yeah, I could
it doesn't
have
any
water damage.
I'm sorry what?
No, no, it's just a brick depression in the yard. So if you walk over to it, it's like a if you dug a little hole in the yard and then break it in, You know, it's about three ft deep, so it's it's hard to explain. But
no, it's just a depression, that's all it is. You can walk into it and walk around. It's just it looks like it's square and it looks like it's made for a hot tub about that size,
it's possible,
that's fine.
Yeah. You think
you
must have a pretty big deck if you have room for a hot tub on there,
What's your name by the way? I didn't get your name,
I'm
Todd
Yeah, that's cool, That sounds great. I kind of wish we had a hot tub, but I'm kind of glad we don't have the maintenance of it. It's
Yeah, you got to keep constant watch on it, I'm sure. Yeah, so you say you're you're in community college right now or you're going to school or
teach?
Okay, what he
means,
wow, so you're smart,
that's
it.
Not just
You like teaching? Is that something you want to do or you just kind of doing it for money right now?
What's
different?
It's always
normal online right now, Are you doing some in the classroom?
That's
So you are you enjoying it pretty much in any doubt?
Let's
go.
Right. How long is your semester?
that's cool.
Okay. That's cool. Oh, you guys handling the covid thing?
How's
it going for you guys like having, is it a big hassle? Well,
yeah, it's actually getting pretty bad again, it's uh not, I mean it's great for me because my girlfriend and I we live together and we get along great and we usually spend all our time inside anyway, so we're kind of uh yeah, and I'm a writer, so it's great for me. Uh you know, I'm not actually not actually working at a job right now, but I'm working on some screenplays and stuff and I have a lot more time to do it, which is nice. Mhm. Yeah.
yeah, the one I'm working on right now is about, there is a, you don't really hear much about it, but before the turn of the century, the late 18 hundreds, there was a big guy, there was a big Ufo craves. People like people were seeing UFOs all over the midwest and other California border or on the California coast
and you never hear about it, but it was huge, it was a really big deal and people thought people thought they were called airships, they're like boats or something that was really, and so I'm kind of looking at that a lot of different things that are happening there and a guy who's involved in it.
that's
good to know. Yeah it's fascinating. I love it. I've been doing a ton,
I've
been
researching it for quite a while. I saw this documentary on uh Amazon Prime about UFOs and stuff and it just really really caught my attention that really fascinated me. So I did a lot of research on like Area 51 all that stuff and uh found some stuff that really surprised me that I didn't know. Um that's you know not not conspiracy stuff stuff that they have you know really fascinating. And then I got when I found out about this whole thing, you know right at the turn of the century and I thought how weird you know there was they called it a flat, they call it the Ufo the airship flap. Um They kind of have one uh the mid sixties. There was a big sighting in D. C. There was a bunch of them right around the White House. Nobody talks about it anymore. But they have you know they have the radar stuff and the pictures and there's a lot of stuff that just doesn't get any press at all because people think it's just a weird conspiracy. But there's a lot of stuff you know a lot of a lot of ex Navy generals and pilots worked at uh nuclear facilities. And they say that they you know they had some weird citing where they shut down all the missiles somehow wow.
Yeah everyone's
like this scary red light floating outside the gate and they have all these soldiers that were there in general And they were all these guys manning the missiles and one x one they shut down and then that they left. Really. And that's that's pretty common apparently at missile site.
Yeah and I heard of one I just heard of one recently where they were the countdown started on one of the missiles and it's going going going going almost went off. And then it shut off the same thing. There was some weird thing floating outside and these are like guys that are not they're not idiots. You know these were people with high clearances and shit like that and a lot of them were told not to talk about it you know that kind of stuff. So it's interesting
to hear about that stuff. No I wasn't aware of it but yeah that's one of them and I've got a few
some
of them have described. Mhm.
Yeah. No that's all. Do you have amazon frying by any chance The Prime video
if you're interested
at all? Check out this movie called Unacknowledged.
They have all they had this big press conference in D. C. Because it was called the disclosure project. And they were trying to get they got all these generals and stuff and they were trying to get Congress to discuss it and the congress wouldn't ultimately. But they had this big press conference and that's how the movie starts out. It shows it's a documentary. Yeah I mean if you're interested at all it's really cool.
Mhm. Yeah the navy pilots that was and that was only released because somebody
leaked it and then yeah
and then so government said well we better come clean on this a
lot of stuff that they know that we
don't.
Yeah and if you you know you wouldn't think it to know of it because on purpose there's a lot of disinformation out there. Because there's one of the things one of the things that one of the reasons why I think there's a lot of people think there's a lot of disinformation and people when you hear you think they're kooky, anyone who talks about it and that's what the government wants. Like they put all this disinformation out there. But one of the main reasons is uh, there's a, there's a form of energy called Zero Point Energy. If you can't see it, it's just everywhere. It's like totally free energy. You know, Tesla back in the 1900s discovered it and they squashed him because General Electric and all those companies wanted to make money. But if they got this, this, this free energy change the world, if you have the device that would get it, it's just anybody could get, you could have your own device that power whatever you want, you wouldn't need the electric company or anything because it's everywhere.
He made this thing, he made a wireless electricity device and he tested it and it worked. But people like Edison took over and they squashed it. And then when he died, I forgot it was like the 50s or something. He lived penniless in a hotel somewhere and he had always, you know, stacks of always his uh his papers and stuff, all the stuff he'd written down. And the minute he died, the CIA busted in and took it all well. And this is true. This is this is true. So it's I mean, it's a huge threat to the oil industry and all that, you know, it's uh But yeah, it's called, it's called zero Energy. It's fascinating. Oh,
good. Yeah, if you
if you
have the fusion is a good step toward that. The problem is um, the it's like the energy required to get that working, you know what I mean? It's yeah I don't know a lot about it but that's a good step toward free energy. I mean it what you're trying to do is get a ton of voltage out there for not much money and they have some of that go on the fusion. I don't know what's fun about it but do you know anything about it?
All
great. Yeah I'm sure that's not popular with the oil industry either you know uh because
I've
been
out of there
and they don't like it. I know that
Is that right?
yeah
that's
shit.
Well that's a very
good movie
that's okay with me I would just assume get an electric car anyway, you know?
Very cool.
But
Well thanks. Yeah that's true. Yeah that's kind of a
yeah that's a good point, I like that.
Yeah that makes sense. Yeah.
that's cool, very cool.
Um This other one I'm working on right now is uh it's sort of a dark comedy, it's about a uh
it's about a really terrible really um bumbling serial killer who falls in love with necrophiliac. So you know he tries to get her and she you know it's a whole thing, you know he's really bad at it but he wants to it's a conflict, you know, obviously he wants to make her happy but she's a necrophiliac. So the challenges do I, how long do I get bodies to her and how long do I wait for that? How long until I actually get her myself your name?
Yeah, it's real dark. Um And there's a lot of uh there's a lot of other stuff to it. But that's that's the main gist. Oh yeah. You may see that some day. I don't know.
That's
I
talked
to
this Peter dude and it was cool.
Come on. It looks like we're done. Listen
up.
Yeah, me too. It's
So you are you going to get your hot tub right away now?
I didn't want
to, did you say? I didn't know you had a son? I don't know if you mentioned that.
You got
to definitely check it out and also write down the name bob Lazar, B. O. B. And L. A. Z. A. R. He is a guy who worked at part of Area 51 reverse
engineering some craft that they found trying to figure out how the how the how the motor works basically how the how. Because it's the same thing with Zero Point and talks about it. There's a there's a documentary about it on netflix if you have that.
And
they didn't let him. He went and did it and then he was he was really scared about it first. He did it you'll see it if you watched the thing he did it on the local news and they didn't show his face but then they found out who he was. And then they went to the they whoever they are they went and they erased his educational record went because he had gone to mitt he had gone to all these places and learn his physics and when when they went to check on and we never heard of him. We don't know who he is but he he went to those places, you know? So they just try to erase him completely because he's a threat. They're trying to just you know, trying to trying to make him seem like enough. He's crazy. Doesn't know what he's talking about. The guy. He has no reason to lie about it and he didn't make him happy to say it. You know, it made his life kind of miserable to come out about it. So yeah, it's like when you see him talk he's just like, man, I don't know. I just wanted people to know. I don't care about I don't want any attention from this. So anyway, check it out. You might find it fun. Thanks.
Yeah. It's good to meet you and have fun with your hot tub.
All
Take care.