Mhm Uh huh. Problem. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
People, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Okay.
Mark.
All right. How you doing? Oh
yeah, I can hold me okay.
Um pretty good day here. I'll tell you what this is a time of time of year where the weather is actually uh good to be outside.
So
I'm in north Carolina,
I'm just here.
Um around about football part.
Um were in like Durham area From North Carolina
like 70°, mostly Sunny.
Is that what it's usually like? Is that the usual? I hope.
Um This is my 3rd conversation. Um I've done quite a few of the little survey things. Yeah.
Oh no, I got um I guess, you know, in my spare time, I just do it, my wife check this out and I was like, oh, it's pretty easy, so
Right. Right.
Oh, I haven't I don't think that's on my and my camera is still on, I see myself in my little box here.
Oh man, I think it's about 10, no nine years, almost
nine years.
um I lived all over Ohio um grew up in Cincinnati, went to Ohio State in columbus, went to grad school and around Toledo Bowling green.
My wife there and we came down to north Carolina for her grad school basically. Yeah, just pretty much our lives, just academic stuff, but she's working a process engineer now and I'm I've been working I've been
doing the asian science at a community college for quite a while, so yeah we've we've been going online uh with a lot of course is so
you know, become good to be home work. Uh
What's your story?
that's like when you think of like high cost of living, that's like the one of the first to
place,
And then because the pandemic kind of did that for a lot of people. Yeah.
Um I don't have much of that anymore. I don't know. You play guitar sometimes. We got the ball that we've got a serial toddler.
uh We have chickens. Um Our friends are moving uh some old friends that are in the area here and they she's been having, she's like been developing a blog for a while and last year it just took off And you know, she, you know, one month she was like, I'm making you know 10K. And then the next
month
she was like, I'm making six figures in the next month. She was like, I'm gonna make multiple six figures this year. And they they're cashing in and like they're moving they're moving up in the world, they're getting a new house and
they
um what what
the block
it's called, the frugal south. And she basically um like points people towards good deals and um like a lot of travel related stuff like Disney World. So like she took a hit with someone, the pandemic started, but like, I I don't even uh no that much anymore, but like that's all I know is like, she directs people to amazon and takes like a couple of percent of the purchase, I guess it got pretty big.
But they they yeah, they move into a place with like a nice hot tub and they had just bought a inflatable hot tub for their old place and was like, hey, you should take our inflatable hot tub. And I was like,
but
Yeah. Apparently they last like five years. Yeah, which is not that long, but um
true, but I felt I felt kind of guilty about like, like the running the electricity to keep it hot all the time. Um So I figure that um you know, since we have, you know, sometimes we have people over and we have a campfire outside
because nobody, you know, we don't let people in the house. Um We put outdoor time, like um I figured I could just drop a big cauldron
on the camp fire to heat up water for the hot tub and do kind of like a real primitive
Thing. So my hobby has been buying a 30 gallon cauldron and trying to rehab it.
Um Oh, I'm supposed to pick that up today, I'm getting that right after that call, I'm picking it up right after.
Well,
yeah, I got the call her before the hot tub. Um It's it's, it's, it's like really ancient. They had left it outside, there's tons of rust in it. I got wet metal brush thing with a wire brush on the drill to like get all in there, but that doesn't, it's all like, like it was like, when you call it like
good.
Yeah, a little kind of little holes all over, like, like it's like a tick coming up,
like
pop
mark
top
part.
I said, well,
oh no, it'll be above ground. Um just gonna drop it on the deck. But um,
but yeah, I'm trying to figure out how to get the rust out of this cauldron. It's um uh, like they say, you can use acid, but um, I'm trying to figure out which, you know, what kind of formulation to use to not erode the, not eat away the iron. So that's my hobby. Uh, this week.
Breaking up
a mystery brick reservoir.
That feels
intriguing.
What is
it
like
or something,
What is it like a wine cellar or something?
It can't be like a prepper shelter, anything can.
So they like, maybe they started to plan to put in a pool or hot tub and then just
stop.
That's probably the best, that's probably the best plan actually.
Somebody ever had. Um, a saw online, somebody ran a calculation of like how much it costs them per time they swam in their pool Because of all the maintenance and um, you know, the water trading the water filtering, buying chemicals and filters and all that and sealing cracks in the concrete and there's like $200 per time they
swam in it or something like that. Oh.
Oh. Um yeah, I mean it's not like um, invite everybody over and put them home on top. It's like maybe you get two people in there there, you know? Yeah.
I'm mark. How
about you?
All right. All right. Good to mention.
Yeah. Like even the simple kind like she gave me, she like spent five minutes telling me about how to balance the chemical composition and such.
Oh I teach at a community college.
That's mine.
That's
my guess. Uh Physics and chemistry.
I'm
trying
to well I'm trying to um not not practical. I don't have the practical smart, you know the book smart. So I'm trying to um convert my chemistry book smarts to street smarts and use something. Maybe use something I know to figure out how to how to deal with this cauldron. But
you're like real life just requires experience. Um
I don't know both. Probably. But you know I'm I gotta I like the set up where I am because um the pretty hands off the dean is pretty uh he does, he doesn't really do micromanagement that much, so he's just, you know, like whatever you want to do, you know, you trust you
to run
your classes, so I kind of enjoy the creativity and uh
whatever,
It's mostly mostly online, but we we have to have the labs in person, so I kind of um through a little bit of extra at some when we when we do those in person
last. Yeah.
yeah, I think, I think that the freedom to kind of do whatever. Um it seems like the right thing at the time. It is kind of nice, like I don't have to submit lesson plans and um you know, that kind of thing, but you know, I got the inspiration for a project and just do it, you know,
if
the kids start all interested. So
uh we go until december 11th, but we're not coming back after thanksgiving because they don't want people to go,
it's a virus with the family and bring it back. They're they're doing pretty impressively with Covid because I think, you know, the students at the community college don't really do the partying and hanging out in the dorms. They have none of that going on. So just, you know, one of our students are there, they're wearing masks and Um they are only getting like two students positive for week, pretty much.
how we're handling
it.
I thought, you know, I thought like it would be um you know, great to stay home all the time and it turns out it's fantastic. That's that's my joke. The my wife is a little stir crazy and getting tired of it. But but yeah, I mean it's it's kind of stressful because she's high risk and you know, we're being as careful as possible. How about you? Arizona is pretty or it was pretty bad,
You see, what are they about? What are you doing with?
Thank you.
that's I would watch that. No,
certainly.
Did you did you like stumble into this or did you like specifically research it
or like wouldn't
come?
Like the missile just turned off because of UFOs
or something?
Quite a message or something.
And
Here they are.
Everyone
I interrupted you and I said go on. And I interrupted you again by saying keep you on.
Um Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
I don't know.
I am. I am. I know they didn't, they released a couple of videos recently, just like a month ago,
but
really?
huh.
Probably
more a lot more.
Hessler, anybody end up making the device?
What do you think of um what I think is gonna happen if they finally get nuclear fusion plants going? Because I just heard last week they got their planning to actually, you know, make one.
I
guess.
Um I know they've been doing, you know, small scale experiments and they've finally got more energy out than they put in for one attempts. And that was a while ago. Um I know they have probably multiple designs for hydrogen fusion plants, but you know, um you know, for the last year to what I what I knew was that they um they basically have to build a prototype plant and like, I don't know how you safely test the prototype
hydrogen fusion, but like but like that was gonna be the prototype and then they would redesign that and you know, based on how that went, they would, you know, actually start making, you know, refined their plan and actually start making hydrogen fusion plants. But then I, you know, I just read last week, they got a plan for one. Like they could actually that might actually work. Um And it might be like they keep saying, you know, we might see hydrogen fusion in 30 years and it's always 30 years away. But then this one says, you know, we might actually have it in 10 years if this works really, really well.
You know,
they're
hurting
The oil industries, they are hurting seriously right now
there. But you've got a lot of companies, um, oil related companies going out of business at this point.
Yeah, they, they had like, um, a lot of that seems like everybody, you know, uh, has a lot of debt, but like they had too much or something like that. And then the other price of gas went down and the pandemic and that, oh,
mike
made it difficult
for the, yeah, they killed the profit and they can't pay off their debt and they're going under some
sometimes.
What?
Right, right. We have a plug in hybrid, wow.
Yeah. Like I actually realized it's kind of, you can look at it as the ultimate coal roller
because, you know, when you plug it in, the electricity comes from coal burning at a power plant somewhere.
here,
yeah, I guess it's a give and take it. It's complicated because like when using the electric energy, it's more efficient than if you burn the fuel. So like what you're, you know, losing from, you know, the coal, the source you're gaining from increased efficiency from the electric.
Um I lost your picture, but I'm just gonna roll with it for the last minute or two.
Yeah. What's, what's your other um film ideas about?
Yeah.
Uh huh. That's out there,
I'll probably see it and I'll be like, I've seen this somewhere. Did
I see this before
they sold
this
idea?
Right,
Well, yeah,
that was that was very interesting. That was certainly um okay. Um I learned some interesting thing.
You have to,
no um Let's see I got I'm gonna bring the boy over there. He's going on a little field trip I
think.
Yeah he keeps me busy. I don't have a lot of uh spare time to you know have hobbies and because sometimes I do I do daddy day care a lot of time. Um I think we got lucky today checking the late nap. I think you still still asleep up there. But yeah we're gonna go over there after 5:00. Yeah you gave me a lot of things to read up on read more
up.
But,
okay. Yeah I do. Um Yes so they so they apparently they bite them um
He like messed with the alien spaceship and then they let him go talk about it.
Sounds good. Well good luck to you.
my quest. All right I'll
see how I go.