what? Uh huh. Hey, how's it going?
Good.
Yeah, I'm fine. Sam. Yeah.
In Tennessee? You?
Oh that's Uh
Um It's okay. I mean, you know everything's kind of quiet. I feel like that's everywhere except like florida and maybe other places. That stuff. Yeah.
What's your name?
My name is a nice thing. And she's Tara.
So do you know what we're supposed to talk about or does it doesn't
matter.
Just anything.
Birds
get
yourself friend like
for you like you go to school or?
I feel bad. Do you
like Children are away?
Yeah. It's pretty cool.
Um I'm 18. I just graduated high school. Um We're just chilling at home. Well, I just play the guitar. Yeah. Good. Um I don't know. Uh supported again. Uh huh.
No,
I wasn't even like, Well they were like a small and personal one. But look. Yeah. Um
There were if you want to mind their.
Yeah. To the part. But where do you go to school?
Two?
yeah. Let's get all older than orders. Yeah. How long have you lived in Rhode Island?
I don't know.
Well we're about before them like when you're my age.
So sweet. So I'm from Connecticut to Rhode island,
Uh huh.
Are you like strip like that? They like they give
you real right
For your four siblings? What what
everyone wants? Well,
you
know,
Are they ages? You're like, is there a big gap,
I mean older than me so much. It's not
or less. That's pretty out.
I mean to go to to go to school resin hearing but.
For computer engineering.
much. But
this is not really
well. Um Pretty much. Did you like the school though? Did you like the campus and like
With
their like a party school or like where they're like we have
work to do business.
I'll.
we went to the, you just rented a beach house
were
worth.
So is that during the summer or is that like?
it
should be that.
So did you live there like during the school year or instead of living like in the dorms or whatever? Oh that's sweet.
How far away is that from?
you
have a desire
so I get to class and all that. I don't feel that. How far away was that from the beach?
That's pretty sick. Well beach or so
is it cool?
All
rooms.
it's pretty cool.
Something
like
I feel
that. So did you like when did you do after you graduated?
I feel up. How
was
that
for?
Um Yeah I worked at Office depot for a while but um yeah I was about it there is free though. Yeah.
What about you, do you have any jobs in high school?
How's that?
Okay so you like the employees?
Yeah did you like the manager?
Everyone?
Thank you. So how long did you wait like after you graduated college too? Go back to school? Mm.
all right. So did you wait If you graduated like 22? Did you wait? Like yeah
screaming.
so you graduate and there's
more
What was the recent time?
Like does that mean that they'd be kind of young or?
So we're like a your is younger. I was in the school year early actually. Yeah,
I was always like the youngest kid and honestly a lot of the time the kids have been great, like we'll know where a lot older than me to like some of them are older. Uh
But like I do feel like it kind of, I don't think it's really a great idea to put your kids and I had started thing, I feel old studies show that older kids tend to do better. I mean obviously it's not going to be like the heart, like I didn't fail or anything, right? Yeah.
Were
available?
huh.
I mean, that's good then. I mean you're not going to um younger or you know?
Well,
Oh, really? So did
you like where you put the grade before? I think instead of like being an immigrant up. Yeah, I haven't november birthday and I was putting the grade. Uh I feel like that's not a good idea. It's
not like,
well, I I don't think like, I felt like I would have been fine if I had been in like be grateful. Oh, I think it would have been better actually. I feel like,
but
I mean, yeah, based on the study, they just kind of show that the older you are like, the better, the better you tend to do in the, like in the grand thing. The
only
cities
across the United States just tend to do better in each class. All the ones that are like a year younger, like me.
And I mean, at that age, like, I feel like, like for you, I'm sure you have an experience, like a huge maturity change from like 29, no, whatever are 28 to whatever age you
are like changing.
Okay. How do you feel you've changed from late, I guess the time you were my age or in college? Yeah.
Good.
What?
I'm good. But so did you like living in the beach houses then? Like Yeah,
was it like it was like super quiet and like kind of like
14 people living in one house too,
waking the whole house. So I called how many of it patterns are there?
Okay. I'll show out it's in everything they had a language
so you have long enjoyed, you don't have to go anywhere for laundry. Oh no,
the
estimation
of food or? Uh huh
You're
It's
still, I suck at making food so I would hate after
and uh
Did you ever remember to cook
um sweet. So she just made you everything, man?
I just meant you whatever you need scribble. Yeah. I feel like you change in any other ways besides that. Uh
What? Yeah.
At the end.
What?
You should probably pretty hard. Mhm.
I mean obviously I can't relate. I'm not school. Hopefully I'll figure some shit out once I get there.
What?
Right.
Look, what's the advice?
It's
for
that sucks alcohol,
you know?
And you're allowed? Right?
Um Maybe. I'm
Yeah, I'm not sure. I know. Um
I got audience state,
I don't know yet.
I know they Oh, excellent. Just go to it. All right. If it's safe to have but this large mature housing students together and stuff. Yeah.
So
I don't uh Don't you?
What about you? Well,
what about you,
are you going to school and
that sucks. Right.
Thanks
you
at home? Are you at home right now or like you? Right.
But
I feel out. What do you work?
What?
What what what do you guys do that like?
really?
I feel so.
Okay. She's kind she's like my so that's just kind of go
and
I mean
Yeah. I mean that's I mean because she is a lot older, you probably don't have to do all the stuff that you do with them. The younger kids that are like as brown. I mean, I think we'll grow faster, like so faster than voice anyways. All right. Well, I felt like when I was in like school or like just like in high school, I feel like every girl was just like fully ground and I was only 54
Well
I'm
that's really funny.
All
They're 57 I mean sort of girl today we call. I mean like the like the average is like 5 3.
Well that's so it's all for because I when I started high school I was like 55 ish. But And I go to 58 ISH when I was in here. Well, but in Syria, so yeah,
we have a
common
cold, sir.
You have taller parents are like that.
really?
All right. Well it's been 25 minutes. So
we did it go up into the no, no. Well wow,
don't come in before.
Um I'm not sure.
I guess it says don't doesn't
I think that. Uh
All right. Well I guess so. Yeah.
Yeah, that's me.