Good. How about you?
Nice. Oh God. Well, I just woke up, sorry.
What state are you in?
It's weird Island.
is Tennessee doing with the whole covid thing?
Yeah, totally nice. Mhm. Mhm
Sarah. How about you?
Yeah, you too? Oh man.
I
think it's literally anything.
Yeah, I think that they said that they would like, I'm trying to remember what I said. Like they could provide a topic, but I have no idea. Well, yeah,
but yeah,
I know,
let's say.
Mhm. Um so I live in Rhode Island and I'm a graduate student right now. Um I study developmental science, which is like the stages of life, basically like kind of psychology ish. I focus on Children, I work with kids with autism as a job. So I do like home based therapy with them. Mhm. So yeah, that's pretty much I'm pretty, the hours have been very reduced due to covid stuff, so I'm full of free time, which is why I'm doing these sort of surveys and whatnot
and
yeah, no, I like them, I didn't think I would, and then like, let's see, oh god, like seven years ago I started working with kids and was like, oh actually you guys are pretty chill. Yeah.
Mhm. How about you?
Was it weird? Did you have an impressing graduation, or did you have one of the like online
ones?
Gotcha,
mm That must be so weird.
University of Rhode Island.
Mhm, yep, I'm, let's see, going to be 30 in december, so I'm your elder.
Um I've been living here, I went to undergrad here too, so I've been living here since 2000 and nine basically
when I started uh college.
I lived in Connecticut.
um basically Connecticut sucks. Um
It's just a different, I grew up in a super small small town with like a graduating class of like 100 that was like two combined towns. So I thought I wanted to get out somewhere. I wanted to be somewhere near the beach. Rhode island's near beaches. I never had that growing up. So um I wanted to be close enough to my family that I could drive if I needed to back but far enough that I could be a way. So.
No,
no, they're not strict. They were, my parents were pretty chill. I just hectic household with five kids and a bunch of animals. So.
Step siblings. So. So
but
we
were siblings since we were like six. So yes,
I have, let's say I have a sister that's the same age, she's like four months younger, I have a brother that is two years younger and then I have a half brother that is four years younger and then a half brother that is like, let's say 10 years ago. He's in the navy right now, so. Mhm.
I know. But he yeah, he's like your age finished? Huh? He graduated last year,
Mhm. Do you have any future plans?
Oh cool. What kind of engineering?
Oh cool. That's awesome. Nice.
Thanks.
Yeah, that's a good plan. That's all you need.
Yeah, it's kind of, it's definitely a smaller, it's probably like a medium sized campus I would say. Uh definitely a good time. College is fun. You'll have
fun.
technically
it was a dry campus, but when you are, I mean obviously people got around that and then once you were like past freshman, I did it junior year, I think. I can't
remember now. Junior and senior year, I lived off campus in, they ran out these like beach houses to students for like super low price like 500 a month, so that was sick. So we just like,
yeah, like just someone's like summer home, they would rent out to students to make some money, and uh it would be called like living on the line and yeah, so you're just like kind of walk from house to house, like going to parties,
going
to the beach. It was great.
No, during the school year, yeah, during the summer they like kind of kick everyone now and then
charge
way more for summer people.
Yeah, it was awesome.
The campus was like 15 minutes away, so not too far. Yeah, it
was pretty
easy. Yeah, so you needed a car, pretty much, or like a roommate that had a car?
Um I could walk to the beach, it was like five minutes away, so that was sick.
Narragansett Beach.
Yeah, it's a good one. Um I don't surf, but a lot of people that do, it's like a famous beach for surfing and stuff.
I
mean, not anything compared to the super legit ones, but for the Northeast, you know, it's not that bad.
Yeah, so
that
was cool. I'm wondering what it's like right now because yeah, I think my university, they don't know what they're doing yet, so
no
After I graduated, I moved home for the summer and then I let's see moved home for the summer. I worked like a little cashier job and then I decided to move back to an island because my friend who's getting a house and needed a roommate. So we run to the house again in Narragansett, different part. And yeah I kind of lived there. That's when I started working with kids because I needed to find a job. She worked at a daycare. So I decided to work there and yeah and then after I worked there for a little bit I decided to go further my education again dealing with Children since I ended up liking them. And yeah, I've just been working on that slowly but surely. Mhm.
Did
you
have
any jobs or anything in high school?
Nice.
Uh Yeah I worked at Subway. I was a sandwich artist.
Yeah, that was a good time. I worked with one of my good friends so it was pretty chill.
Yeah. Yeah, so luckily yeah, most of the time it was all right.
Yeah, he was nice. He was a weird guy, but he was nice. He
had he had a good heart.
So I honestly was a bit pressured by family. I wish I'd waited longer. Um But I
I waited, I think let's say I waited about two years in
general mm because I graduated in 2013 and then my guess it was like 1.5 years because it was like spring to fall, but I started in fall of 2015. Um mhm. And
complicated.
So my program was a mess. Um I kind of wish I hadn't done it, but um I mean the program itself was fine, it's a the bureaucracy of grad school is rough so just there was a lot of miscommunication between my advisor and the grad school, so I miss like a deadline. Um So basically right now I completed all my course work on time. So right now I only have a thesis and an internship left and then I graduate and that's it. Um And defending my thesis obviously, but um now I took a gap because I needed to save up some money because it's expensive and so I took a gap to save up money and then Covid hit and then now the research that I was going to do is impossible because it was supposed to be in person. And now the university is only allowing you to see one person like in person. And I was supposed to do a group of like 15 uh and interview them. So
I was doing um parents, perspectives of head start and it's like influence on their Children and their family. I don't know if you have head start. It's like a head starts basically a preschool program that helps um kids that maybe don't have, you know, the resources to go to preschool, It gives him a chance to go and help basically give them a head start for their education.
Yeah. Yeah. So those kids, it's, they have a few age ranges, but the one I was focusing on was right before kindergarten, so that was like 4 to 5 years old, sort of thing.
nice. Yeah.
That's so funny. Yeah.
So the head start, it's actually not going into school earlier, it's just like kind of any, it's like a daycare program basically. But so those kids who initially couldn't afford to go to like the daycare or childcare, they were given the opportunity, like, because it's a free program mostly for kids that are on like Medicaid food stamps,
that
sort of stuff. Um So it's more like, uh I never went to preschool, so yeah, I'm not sure how that works, but um
they they start kindergarten like the same time as typical kids, just uh
I was always a little bit older because I have a december birthday, so they had to decide me either going really
early or really not really late, but like a little bit later, so I've always been one of the oldest in my grid.
Well,
there's definitely
certain ages. There's a big difference, definitely.
I
think about that too, I'm like, I kind of wish I was in the great above, like, I felt like I would have fit in more or whatever. Mhm.
That
makes
sense.
I mean, your maturity levels in your brain is more formed, even if it's not a significant amount, so it kind of makes sense. Yeah.
No.
once you're like, I feel like 25 was a big, like, oh, like now I'm an adult sort of thing. I feel like that's when like you start, you know, kind of what you want to do more. I mean, honestly, you're still figuring it out all the time. But like, yeah, you just feel more central than yourself. I feel after college it's pretty hectic for a while trying to figure out stuff, but
I'm definitely more
like sure of myself, I was definitely much more, much more like timid and uh huh I'm also like more willing to argue my points and speak up on certain things, so that's nice as well. You're just not as worried about fitting in basically and you have like your friend groups that are similar to you instead of in college, it's like people that are literally like close to you in proximity, that's kind of who you end up being friends with because it's just it just turns out that way whoever's in your dorm, whoever's
uh in your class, that's who you end up like talking to the most, so you end up being friends with them, which I mean honestly most of my friends now, I'm like yeah I met in college and have stayed friends with them, so yeah, I got 11 good friend group out of it, definitely.
was super fun.
It depended on the weekends, definitely lively. Um Now actually I guess all the people that live there year round just made it so that there can't be more than three students living in a house at the same time, so that will uh should be interesting, it will affect all the party houses that you should have like 14 people living in it. Yeah,
I couldn't do that, we had three, that was perfect, so
we just had to,
yep. Yeah, it's a full on house,
yeah
it was
great,
um I ordered a lot of pizza at the time, I
didn't really cook at
that
Yeah he'll learn,
yeah, that was a bad part was being away from the dining hall, dining hall was pretty convenient to go to. Yeah, but yeah you learn, it's good to get like one roommate that knows how to cook and then you kind of learn from them.
Oh yeah, yeah, she loved cooking, so that was great,
much.
I've definitely less drinking than college
I mean it has its place, but now I feel like
like partying hard is like
off the table for me, my body can't handle it.
Good times. Mhm.
exactly. You'll find a group and
do do your thing I'd say. Just yeah,
I don't even know, be careful.
I had so many, so many, so much alcohol poisonings,
not me, but I had
I had a few friends that had to go to the er for that, so that was not good.
try not to get sloppy, that's all.
Unless it's your 21st son, you're allowed but
Are you sticking in your state for school
to be determined? Yeah.
Cool.
Mhm. That's cool. Nice. Are you planning on going in the fall, are you taking a gap year?
Yeah, I got it.
Yeah, I know. Mhm.
I heard.
What was that?
I think you broke up a little bit before that.
What about me? What, sorry?
Uh Yeah, I'm still waiting to I just don't even know like what's going on right now. I know like Harvard, like they're only allowing 40% of their students to come back like in person and they have to get tested every three days, so yeah, I have no idea what schools are going to do.
that should be interesting. But yeah, my state is pretty low on cases, so, so I feel like they might open it up. I don't know, I'm not sure.
Mhm. We're
dear.
Yeah,
I don't work until two, so
um so I go to clients homes, so I work the kiddo I work with right now is only could I work with, but
I we're in the same town as me, so it's really easy. Mhm.
Um It depends on the kid, but this particular kid I run like certain lessons with her, she's I'd say like pretty functioning for autism. Um But she needs a lot of help with like memory and stuff like that. Um So we run a lot of like time based things. Um You know, we work on her money handling skills. She does daily chores that I like. She's independent on those, so that's fine. Um Yeah, just like a bunch of lessons, like vocab lessons um proper grammar and stuff like that. Yeah, it depends on the kid though. Some kids I have to teach, like, you know, is this red or blue and like they have to learn that way. Yeah,
but she's uh much higher than that. She can like read and do all that fun stuff, so. Mhm.
Yeah, and she's older too. I usually work with kids that are like 10 ish, she's 17, so Yeah,
Mhm. But yeah, it's
pretty
chill job depending some kids like she's super easy. Uh Some kids like bite you and stuff though, but it's, they don't know, they're just trying to communicate.
Yeah, yeah, guys have
way
later of a start. Yeah,
middle school was funny, I was probably the tallest girl, one of the tallest at least.
And yeah, I've been, I think I want to say have been the same height since probably ninth grade 57 Not that crazy, but
yeah, yeah, so I was always really tall compared to all the boys, especially in middle school.
It's
so
funny.
What?
Uh No, my mom's well, she's like 55 Not that tall. Um Yeah, I don't know my dad, so Yeah,
I don't know how tall he is. Yeah.
Cool. We did it.
Dog.
All right. Do we just close it? Is that all?
Let's say hold on. I'm reading.
Do not move to the next week. Blah blah blah. Mhm. Oh, maybe I just click next. Let's see.
Yeah, I think we're good. I think we must just close it then. Like the chat window.
Good luck.
Bye.