Hey there, how are you
doing? Good, thank you. Thank you. Happy monday to you.
also, I ahead of the weekend's over. We can decide moving very quickly. Hello,
I like the christmas strings in the back by the way.
I'm gonna
try and come
in a place that might have a little bit better service, so just give me one sec.
I'm sort of stuck in the attic right now with all the covid situation because I'm working from home currently, but every once in a while it's a little bit tougher to get a good internet connection up there. So, uh actually now you get a good photo of my, my two daughters in the background as well.
Oh, you can't see me at all.
Let's see if I kept saying something over here. No,
can you see me now?
But you
can hear
me
Okay, sorry about that. Yeah,
I suppose just give me a heads up if you have any issues trying to see me. Yeah, that's awesome. So you had some christmas lights put up in your apartment a few, you said a few months ago.
That's
it.
that's really
But
Great.
That's a good
idea.
Uh huh. I see, I see. So are you if you don't mind me asking, are you mostly in a house or you in an apartment?
Okay. Yeah, I know that feeling, I used to live in an apartment for a bunch of years, uh and then just recently, my wife and I and my two Children, we just moved out to a house um
and we're renting over here in the area, but it's been nice that
we're in a house right now as opposed to being in an apartment and it's not really just like for myself and my wife, it's more for the two kids and I'm sure you can see them in
the background
over here.
Mhm. Thank you, thank you there. Uh two and four years old and you know, just like any other two and four year old, they have a bundle of energy and they have been running around the house, they've been running outside a lot, but I can only imagine how it would have been an apartment, like it's doable, but it's not exactly obviously the best of circumstances given everything's going on right now, but I also have to like, I think to myself and I'm sure everyone does as well, like the
whole
world
is going through this. So everyone has their own particular concerns and issues with how they're set up is so I never want to be like, oh, this is so much worse, There's so much better than any other area because my mother who is alone right now at her house. I mean she was quarantined
for God knows how long it's the polar opposite, right? You know, we were very, very busy and we had a ton of things going on here. Um and then it was very quiet up there. So it's certainly a uh I hope, I hope the vaccine comes out tomorrow. You
know, they start moving
things
along.
Good.
Oh, you do. Okay.
Thank
you.
Uh Great question. Uh And I feel like you'd probably get four different answers from the four folks in the family, but my answer because I don't want to give here states, I feel like things have just been like groundhog Day for myself and you know, you like you were saying, you're going to school, but it's all at home right now, right? I'm working right now and I'm working at home and there's really just no separation of duties, like you get up and, you know, it sounds great to get up early to rise and shine and to make yourself
feel, you know, I don't know, a little bit more accustomed to the day, but in reality never happens like that, right? You get up. Um, and then immediately my five step commute is from, you know, the coffee pot over to
my desk upstairs and then by six o'clock undone. So the whole thing repeats itself day after day. So I feel like it's almost been a complete blur for myself because everything has just been going so so quickly when it comes to, you know, the monday through Fridays
and on Saturdays and Sundays are their hectic. They're busy as well. And just recently we've been visiting my mother in law and my mother um and her father as well. So that's been making things a little bit better and easier on the weekends. Although um, we just got hit with that hurricane that came through about three or four weeks ago in the area that I live in. And unfortunately out of all the different trees, this one tree that we thought we
were doing
good
job trying to avoid um any branches falling down. We apparently didn't do too good of a job. So the, what he called? The branch ended up landing on the car, nobody
was in it obviously, but the windshield broke and the trunk broke. So we've sent it off to repair and it's been there for like three or four weeks now, it is just
going on and on because we don't have a car. Long story because of that is I live in a city, you don't really need a car in the city that I'm in. So for me to have a secondary car doesn't make any sense. But this is all made prior to Covid where like there was a Subway could take it could take trains and buses now, the car would have been nice. So we've gone through like this extended quarantine now that we don't
have a car
uh sitting in the shop.
Stop.
What?
Thank you.
Thank
you.
Yeah. It's scary. Especially here in the Northeast, it sounds like you grew up here in the new york area, so I guess I'm giving away where I currently live but you know, new york and New Jersey area, we're not used to like these massive storms
to come through so like
I'm not sure if you were around for sandy but yeah it was it was a bit
jarring
to be
around for Cnd and to deal with all those winds and the flooding that occurred and then all the repairs that came afterwards as well. It was it was a learning experience for us up here in the Northeast. Um If
you don't mind me asking you still in the Northeast, are you somewhere
else
in the United States
California?
Yeah, that's awesome. How have you enjoyed that transition from the east coast to the west coast?
Okay.
Actually
you
too.
It's a beautiful, beautiful state. I've enjoyed going there a few times. Uh better go there for work. I went to san Francisco I think twice. Um And then my wife and I, this is like 10 years ago we traveled over to California via car because we were seeing in Vegas for the first time. Both of us, the first time we've ever been over to Vegas, we took uh took a car over to, you
probably
know
this much better than I do. Uh We took whatever highway brought us from Vegas over to a shore. I want to say we want to Huntington beach. Oh
jeez, jeez, that's a small world. Huh?
We loved it. We made it a day trip. I know that sounds a little ridiculous, but we made it a day trip from Vegas over to California to the coast to grab lunch over there and then from there we headed back up to uh to
Vegas.
So it was a long journey, but a beautiful journey as well. I'm sure you obviously know the snowcapped mountains sam not even, I don't want to call it rolling. We went through like a visit Death valley. Am I saying it wrong with one of the deserts in between Vegas and California?
Where?
little.
I
could be totally making off the name of that. I have no idea.
But I remember driving through and I was just enamored by the deserts that were out there and just how there are no people
around. You know, as
you know, jersey Connecticut new york. You're like, wow, there's all these people around and you're looking like this must be 30 miles of absolutely nothing around
at all. And that was, that was a little bit of an interesting experience. And we didn't really like have like a
true
like California
food. I don't really know what true California food is
honestly but
we probably
have like
good stuff
But
Yeah. That doesn't sound bad at all. What is it? Uh 33
I'm
sorry 1 11 over there.
Mhm. Okay. Did you have lunch prior
to the call?
All
I
feeling.
Yeah it's so easy to just start eating during quarantine
because there's not much else to do. And you you wake up and you're like well I don't have to get into my work clothes today so why don't I just have this nice piece of I mean that's how I was thinking of like I don't really need to have that piece of or I could have that piece of cake now. Um But then all of my former co workers from another
job,
we got onto a zoom. This was about like two months ago, and it was the first time we've seen each other since having like a normal
happy hour in the city back in january or december. And all of us, and there were like four or five of us on the call, look at each other, like, yeah, we put on the covid 15 for sure, absolutely, every single one of us, and they were all comparing our haircuts too, because I
didn't
get a haircut at the time, but I noticed that my hair was all over the place, and then one of my other coworkers, he always had not shaved his head, but had like a bit of a buzz cut, and he grew his hair out, and it was so interesting to see him with all his hair,
and he had a little uh little bun on the top of his head as
well,
and he was dating somebody and it was like a fairly new uh relationship if I'm not mistaken, like they had just met in november, so obviously they stop seeing each other in person right around March, and so he said oh you know,
how does your your girlfriend like the new hair? And he goes well, you know, I don't really think that we care all that much about it because we really see each other, so I'm not really sure
where that thing is right now, and we
all laughed, like yeah that's a tough position to be, and again, you know, you don't really know what's going on right now. Um and I can only imagine how it is with uh you know like when you're you
just started out a relationship with somebody and obviously you can't see that person, like does that easily go over to like that work at home relationships? I don't know,
I have no idea.
What
are you taking up in school? Yeah.
Sorry to interrupt
yet.
Okay, that's awesome. Congratulations
on
that. I don't have a lick of theater ability and me whatsoever. So I love the fact that you know, you have that artistic skill and you have you have the comfort ability to go out there and an act that's very fascinating to me
and
it's really
of course.
Well that's
What
you'll have to forgive me and my lack of knowledge on theatre as I asked these questions, but like what kind of what kind of shows do you like? You know, you mentioned dramatic. Is that more of like a really dumb questions? That a drama? Is that more of like a sitcom? What what is your forte when it comes to acting?
So are those roles ubiquitous or are they really hard to come by? What if you were to just pop your tires me out tomorrow? Are there you know, tons of dramas that one can sign up for or is a pretty tough market to get into the position that you're interested in
or
the
no position is the right word, but roll,
roll, that's what I'm thinking
about.
What?
Mhm
perfect
package.
Thank
you.
Excuse me.
Oh, that's interesting. I would have never thought of that. So so an older like 18 and above would play a 14. So that's why the processing that a little bit that's why
when
you see
rolls their teenage roles but the folks look older that's actually someone who is over 18 and that's purposely done so they could have believed that. That's so interesting. I never thought of that. It makes total sense but I never
put two and two together for that.
But.
So is that a more they like a tv seen as compared to new york where I think you have the T. V. C. Plus a bit of broadway as well or are their live shows over in L. A. As well?
Fuck
community.
please.
Okay.
And
it's mostly tv what is over here in new york and again I know nothing about the industry. I know that there are recording studios here but like it's a marketing slash tv haven but it's not comparative to L. A. From what I understand but there's something here I just don't know what is here.
You can
So
I
stand here.
interesting you say that because for a little bit of time I had to travel down to Atlanta for work and I noticed that there were a lot of actors and actresses
that were starting to go on some of the flights and I could over here some of the conversations in the airport lounge and then I was watching the show. I forget what show it was but then it came up with a little peach made in Georgia. We'll go like oh that's interesting. It's nice to see that they're doing a lot of filming in Georgia. So then we started googling it only to find out to your point. There is quite a scene down in Atlanta and Georgia in particular um for filming in that industry. So is that like an old industry that's coming back up in Georgia to the best of your knowledge or is that more new nuance?
Mhm,
T. V.
wow that's a different a long time.
Mhm. And are you finding that the FAA. That you're and I know of the FAA and if one were to ask me to describe what the M. F. A. Is um I could just probably do the acronym and that's about it. Um Do you find that like learning in a higher environment or a professional environment has been helpful for your career or do you find that it's more of the experience that you find to be more beneficial as you start looking for roles? Like what? Have you got a lot of value out of the M. F. A. Or do you feel like more experiences a little bit better? So let me know if that question makes sense of
that?
And
nothing.
Accident
Isn't that
enough?
So you're acting coaches? Are they part of the program or is that something that's totally separate from the M.
F. A. Program?
Okay. Okay. So
that's almost like a like a mentor or uh two is probably not the right word for it but you know
one on one?
Mhm.
Small
committee.
so you want to pick up psychology as well? Are you currently doing some psych courses or
are
you thinking of doing that as a double major
a little bit farther down the line?
Thank you. Okay, congratulations.
Thank
you.
Yeah.
Jeez that's another thing. If you ask me the difference between sociology
and
psychology, I probably wouldn't be able to get more
than a 12th
chance planet.
Okay. And
so are you thinking of like merging it with
like one career or are you thinking of it as a backup for the M. F. A. Or as or the psychology as a backup or emphasize back and forth psychology vice versa.
and take
it.
So like 10 years do you want to be acting or do you want to be more like the writing side
and directing
side? Where do you see the journey especially after you
graduate?
I'm
still
Then
yeah I mean it's got to be, the only reason why I ask is I see that there are some actors that obviously they act for a very long time, but then all of a sudden you see their names sprinkled into the title of the show and they directed it and they're not part of the show whatsoever in terms of the acting or they're not on the show at all. And I always wondered if that's like a progression for some actors, like clearly some actors and actresses enjoy just staying in I don't want to just but staying in the actor concept if you would um and then others like going thing inspiring into different areas along the way and it looks like there's just so much to the industry that one
can explore
along
the way um without pigeonholing
yourself into one area for example.
Thank
you.
I can only imagine and I feel it in my industry as well and probably many others like there's only so much one can do while sitting at home I think like whether it's like boarding that takes over a little bit and also just being protective of your career, like there's so many different avenues we can go down and for like 10 bucks, you go on you to me, you figure out a new skill, you start exercising that new skill a little bit. Um There's so
many possibilities, one wants to do it. But at the same time I also understand during covid like you're also battling that like what's the point? Uh you
know as well? And that's been you know, a little tough for many, many folks myself included like uh I think I can probably a few weeks on that. Yeah. I don't think he's really
terribly
necessary.
Yeah. For me.
Well,
Hey, I think that I think that we believe we're all set with the 25 minutes. Um
and it's been a really nice talking with you
and getting to meet you. I wish you best of luck for the upcoming semester, which starts in six days. And I also hope to see you in a show one of these days
too.
I'm
kevin.
Sorry,
Taylor. Very nice meeting at Taylor
and best of luck
with everything.
All right, Taylor.
All