Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm Yeah. Yeah.
Hi. I'm good. Are you?
Happy monday. I can move the weekend's over.
It is what?
Well, thank you. I had them put up like about a year ago. I just like christian blades. Yeah, because I'm a
garage
sale.
I'm not sure. Take your time. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Well actually the screens is black.
No, I can hear you but I can't see you.
Oh yeah, mm hmm.
No, what's
wrong
with,
you know, I can see, you know, it went off for a little bit of notes on.
fine.
Yeah. Well actually about a year ago and then um I just wanted like the aesthetic of just
like,
like you too little christmas lights and so then I decorated, I want to like HomeGoods and I got like a little piggy bank and it has a little crown on it. I'm so, I'm
so extra. And then like I got like a little tin of candy and then I saved the blocks
and so it's like this movie poster, I'm trying to like bring my whole room together.
But
through
Covid doesn't your Covid now, it's like it makes life a little difficult. So I'm trying to kind of like slowly make my room better.
I'm an apartment.
Yeah.
Mhm.
We're
so,
you know.
I
don't
know.
What?
I
hope
so
too, because definitely as the world is, you know, like as this country is opening up again, um it's still pretty
hectic and scary and life is definitely altered forever, so it's a little stressful on them. But you know, I, I definitely marched with crazy because that's when the first cornerstone first started and so now it's a lot better. Um I still have to do school online though, but it's fine.
I'm full time student, so it's just, but you know, it's sad, but I still have a lot of friends. Facetime came in handy like facetime, my friends and
I
get to see them, I wear a mask and it's a new way of life now, but how has quarantine been um for you and your family, like it's not interesting to kind of see how other people have dealt with it.
Something,
I want to,
This one,
looking
up from
here,
goodness.
Beautiful.
I'm
sorry
when I was actually funny um I was about six years old at the time and I grew up in new york and um and
so there was like, and then I
grew up in thursday too, so it was like half and half and there was a massive hurricane, It's like 2005 or six and we had a really big tree on our block
and so the tree falls
and
go through my doors down neighbor from me, then it cuts through house in half and then ruins the car, the power lines are all on the floor. And I remember, I remember like seeing this as a kid and just hear back again, it's like, you know,
what,
what?
You
call
it,
No,
I'm
in California
now
with lovely weather,
it's definitely different the way of life in new york and what kind of New Jersey but with the new york it's very fast paced and here very relaxing, physical and very calm. Um
Well it depends on what part of California you're in but I would say for
the most part it's very calm and um I was born here
so I just
you know born and raised kind of thing when I just happened in the back for most of my childhood but I love California, it's always in my heart. Yeah.
I
got
it.
I wouldn't just sound last night.
Oh. Mhm.
Do
it.
I don't
think it's Death valley. I don't do a lot of driving to like if I just go to Vegas that is why because the drive is like six hours early for
five hours. Mom. I don't think it's definitely though. I could
be wrong.
What?
Were
are
No.
Little
things
and
I
think
it's like,
I think
true California food is like kind of mexican mexican food especially in L. A. You can find so many good mexican restaurants there. But I would say like California and Nevada and Arizona,
that's where you can get the true like text mexican food. I would say that's true California and like a like seafood kind of stuff like shrimp tacos or you know, which sounds good right about now.
it's
like
Yeah it's like one
I
did I had a little sandwich but you know, I'm always
hungry you know, especially in quarantine. I noticed that I would just like even if I wasn't hungry I would just eat because it was just like there's nothing to do. So I definitely
want to get a
share of a lot of sugar, a lot of soda, a lot of cake, you know?
It does,
Thank
you.
That's right,
Come
close.
Good.
my
goodness.
Competition.
All
Go.
Contraindications.
that's
stressful. You know, just like you have to go through that because no one expected this, you know, I mean who thought, oh yeah, world pandemic. You know, it just doesn't work all the time, you know, you just don't think about it, but yeah, I know, I can really
get it, but most of the time.
my major did you say? Oh,
but
no um theater, I'm not working on like this, I'm an actress that's like my daytime stuff. Um and then, so I mostly wanting to major in theater arts and then um and then probably minor into technology. Okay.
Thank
you.
Well,
thank
you. I would loved being like, I was always very dramatic, which could be a good or a bad thing, you know, you never know. Um but when I was a kid, I always just love to do it. And
so I did theater as a kid and very small roles and then professionally started acting at 13 and then I worked with Disney and I was a body double for annasophia when it's new show coming out this fall. So uh if you see me, if you see me like from the back, you know? Okay, that's her. Um and uh but it's been a fun ride. I've always wanted to do it, you know?
I always saw myself
acting.
Acting I would say um commercial acting. Um I definitely love like I think my dream role would probably be um a drama of like a show, like a drama. So always I just loved kind of having um like those shows are fun to watch, you know, because I love drama, I love CNN um but I definitely think having like a character that has layers because I feel like dramas have workers that have depth and have like backstories and and hardcore situations and stuff going on and you know, their their lives are insane. So I don't know, I think that would be probably the most fun and like my green type of role. I'm a dream situation.
I
would be in the
middle,
I
went
through in the middle, I think there's roles all the time. There's always projects being done big and small in the middle. So I would just say the right audition that they're right, you know, I don't think there's any like luck to it, it's just, it's all about
who we know the right audition saying the right thing and being right for
the role. Um but there I
got to share
multiple times for my agent um first and dramas and I've gotten avail so families like you're down to like the last few people and so I never ended up liking it. Um but uh it's pretty easy to come by, I would say it's definitely a very, what's the word? Competitive market because what
producers
and directors want is someone like older to play younger. And so I came in as a team. so they're like, I don't know, she's a minor, you know, they
don't want the law, they want someone really, really old company on.
Just
help
me.
Help
They keep you on set for hours, like you probably work at 12-16 hour days when you're acting in. Most of us not even acting, you're just waiting around, but you get to go to the craft table, which is all the food, you know, it's like the little catered lunch with all the snacks and every time I get a job, you definitely know that I go to the craft table, I bring a bag with me and I put the chips in. Um You don't have to multitask there. Um But yeah, they overwork you, so having someone play older to
play under is always the way that they go.
so we have the pages which is pretty much the equivalent to the Gershwin you know. Um But yeah so if theater isn't that big here um we do have like passing the playhouse and and other little small things like in the greek theater you know
but in the Hollywood bowl but I would say
mostly do you like the T. V. S mean
out? Yeah
thank
you.
well definitely I mean new york
and theater going in his hand. Um But there's a lot of lot of laying out their mamas with in L. A. Some shows are filmed there, I know gossip girl filmed there a few other ones but I would say mostly the acting
scene is out
here.
They also from in Georgia. Yeah.
What?
I think it's more uh
it's been going on for a while, but only because there's a lot of space, it's a little cheaper. Um and there's different laws out there, like filming laws and all of it, so that's why George was a lightning fever. Um but I was probably 30 years, people have been filming movies, TV shows,
not really commercials, but I would say 25-30 years. Yes,
it's like since the 90s.
I
think both. I think I've gotten a lot of african training under my belt ever since I started actually before that region, I immediately went to an acting coach and I'm like, teach me, teach me your wife. Um but I wasn't both,
I think
you're acting coach, can you keep you so much, they can only taking technique, but the actual audition, we're working on set or or reading your script and take it all in the experience I think is the most
the learning experience because you really learn okay, well maybe, you know, that's how I should say that, maybe I shouldn't do that, maybe I should do this. I definitely think going through the motions
and
working through the distribution technique is what I've learned the most, but my acting coach has taught me so much.
Hopefully
separate. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's more like personalized,
that's like more personalized stuff and um
helping guide your career, you know, acting coaches, it's just, you know, like you
take classes
or you know, you can take private bookings, but my face a little more like privatizing, more specialized.
What
happened
actually
took one, so I'm a sophomore now, I start in six days.
Thank you. Um Last winter semester
I
took a slight class and then a
sociology points. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Sociology
sociology
is study of how people interact with other people, where psychology is more personalized, how you interact with yourself. Mhm.
Yeah.
What?
I think I'm mostly focusing
on
study of acting and arts, but definitely I think psychology kind of plays into that because its study of the mind and acting as you know studies like character study in a way. So I think psychology kind of goes hand in hand with acting.
Just
like politicians
definitely
acting hopefully staring at something. Um But I would not be opposed
to writing
something. I'm not necessarily good at directing people because I'm not very assertive. Um But I think definitely writing a comedy or doing something would be really fun and I could get
a team together.
Well
let's
get
people have,
I definitely think some actors are typographic or like, like they're like a welcome on the actor, that's what I'm gonna do. But I would say now more than ever people are trying to branch out. Um and I think Covid has really taught people to be creative. I think I'm
seeing
a lot more after than actresses becoming super creative, like, okay, well no, I'm going to direct this or oh, let me write that, like get that work out and you know, so I definitely think now more than ever people are branching event and wearing very many halves.
Well,
Yeah.
You
know,
yeah, definitely boredom gets you and like there's some day, you know, I really need you finish change my clothes, you know, there doesn't like john, you know, you really need to, but I would say now I'm definitely out of that bug, so you know, I try to get more presentable and you know, seeing people and it's definitely very
mostly right now because like I was going to think for the first three months um but you know,
it's definitely boredom, like I got you on that.
Uh
What?
Thank
you. So nice meeting you and then your name is, I don't even
introduce
kevin
on taylor,
thank
you,
you
as well.
Bye.