Oh, hello.
Um well, first of all my name is Andrea um when tours
Nice to meet you?
I'm
in michigan.
So is this really early for you?
Mhm
How are their agents?
that must keep you really busy.
wow.
I don't have any kids.
Trying what do you do for fun? For work or anything?
Um I'm currently working at a hospital and I'm interning to be a dietitian. Um and so kind of for fun right now, I'm training for a half marathon in a few
weeks. The training is kind of hard. So I,
I don't always look forward to it, but I'm doing that uh with my boyfriend,
but we do a lot of walks around our house, quite a few parks and stuff, which is nice. Mhm. Um in texas, do you guys have you like trees? Like you guys have fall,
And that, do you have any like the trees change colors at all?
Our trees are so pretty right now. Everything's just like, it's like probably
the perfect weekend. Everything is changing like red and yellows.
it feels like it was just a few weeks ago where everything was like a lush green and now it's almost instantly I like a really bright yellow, orange color, which is really pretty to see. Mhm.
Yeah.
We normally
get our first snow
usually sometime in November. And then it usually isn't until December when like the snow sticks
and like actually stays and then you get like three ft of snow.
I remember,
yeah, last year there was a day when we got like three or four ft and just like one overnight and everything was just closed because you like I have a Prius and that doesn't have
a lot of power at all in the snow. So I can't, I can't go anywhere.
At least until like the plows come. Yeah.
Mhm.
But yeah, I do a lot of these surveys to because with my job at the hospital I'm actually just an intern. Um And
so I basically work a 40 hour week and not get paid.
And just yeah, so I don't have much time, you know, to actually have a job on top of that. But I had never really heard of prolific before until maybe april
or May, but I really like it. It's
you.
I have but I haven't done anything with it. What is that about?
He
that stinks.
Right. I can't believe, I
mean just
how much I've made with prolific just, you know, knowing that I really don't have any other options for a job. It's nice my friend really don't believe me. Like, yeah, just answering surveys and some of them are fun. Mhm.
Right. And some of them I've done are actually are just really annoying. I don't know if you've done any of like the hour long ones and you're like clicking through like
pictures or like listening to listening to. Sounds like some of those are just too long.
true.
That that's why you do
them.
you done any more of the video chat ones?
Joshua. I've done two other
ones like this, but
pretty easy. I mean I think it's fun meeting new people. Yeah.
Mhm.
And especially how often do you get to talk to someone in michigan?
A little town in texas.
Is
it?
You said it's really human. So I always thought that texas was just a desert.
Is
that not true?
do you go to the beach often? Is it a nice beach? No.
That kind of sounds um similar to lake michigan. Um So I'm in a city that's about 30 minutes away from lake michigan. Um And it's just beautiful, it's kind of the same thing where people go and like get a, I mean there's some mansions on like michigan but a lot of people go and get a cottage unlike michigan just retire there because the beach
is so pretty in the
waters.
Oh that's
funny those don't exist.
no
it's just fresh water so.
No
so
it's quite a, I mean there's like you know I don't fish but there's like one ft long two ft long big big fish in there, there's also little minnows that will
come in from next to.
Yeah super fun for the summer especially. No. Yeah.
Um Well, since
I'm a dietician almost
tell me, tell me what you like to eat.
Well, do you like to cook any of your own food? Are there any like of your favorite recipes that you like to make? Yeah.
Um So I guess what I've learned and like what I usually tell people is, you know, I think you're probably doing it is just eat when you're hungry and you know, stop when you're full, which seems like, you know, that's so simple, but for a lot of times, like just like paying attention to how hungry you are can help. Um and like you're not overeating instead of like, some people always think like, well I'll just cut everything in half. Well you're not going to do very well if you're starving
because
then my second piece of advice is always like to think of what you can add to your meals, so like adding fruits and vegetables or um like adding more like whole wheat to your meals because those types of things would fill you up
well, there you go.
But yeah, I'm I really like cooking um
curry and different like indian spiced foods.
I really like you can get at the store um you can get like pre made um like simmer sauces, so you can get like a jar of like curry sauce or I think korma or masala, you can just get a jar like pre made. And then I pair like I add that on top of um rice and I usually add like a can of beans and like a can of chickpeas and like corn and tomatoes. Uh huh.
Makes a ton of food. I think
it's really good.
I
I'm a vegetarian.
What?
So when I was growing up um I pretty probably had meat every lunch and every dinner is like, you know the main course. Um And then like, I don't know, it just wasn't it was probably the main option, but we always had tons of sides and so um I was never like, oh, like super, I don't know, I've never loved eating meat I guess to begin with. So then in college, my sophomore year I decided like, hey, like I might as well try, you know, it's not eating any meat and I found that it was cheaper to buy, you know, other options instead of meat. And at first it was tough because I, you know, I really only eight me at restaurants, my thoughts, I just wasn't cooking it well when I was trying to make it myself. um but I don't know it's kind of just something you get used to and it definitely is a learning curve. Um
And so like before I decided to go like all meatless, like 100% I tried doing it just like two or three days a week where it was like okay monday Wednesday friday, I'm not gonna eat any meat and then I did that for a few months before I decided to like fully not eat any meat. And I think that really helped
instead of like you know diving right in because then I probably would have just been starving not knowing what
to eat. So
it definitely took like a few months to like learn like what other recipes to make or like what else to buy at the store. Um But it is, I mean it can be hard like family gatherings when like no one brings anything that's meatless, so you kind of just rely
on on yourself to bring something for yourself. But yeah, being
a dietitian, I've learned like what types of foods to pair with each other to make. Um So you know like have enough protein And so like rice and beans is a really easy one and um like hummus and pita bread, it's pretty good and
I love
peanut butter.
Um with the peanut butter that I try to get is like the natural kind where you have to stir it. Um Because I think that a lot of the other ones have a lot of sugar in them um which makes them taste better, but I've just gotten used to like stirring all my peanut butter and just getting the natural stuff. Okay.
But yeah, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are my favorite.
What do your kids like to eat?
That's good. Are they adventurous? Do they like to try
new things?
I thought that can be, I mean, I guess it's nice that they're not too picky about different foods.
so I want to be, I'm basically training to be a pediatric dietician that does work with kids. Um
And I think
one of the toughest parts is working with picky eaters, because I worked with some kids who, you know, will only eat chicken nuggets for breakfast,
lunch and dinner and they won't eat anything else. It's really good that your kids are a little more open than that, which is good,
so it can be pretty hard. But um I think one of the first things we do is find food that looks similar to chicken nuggets. So they make um I think I've found at the store like veggie nuggets or they kind of look like um potato tots, but they have vegetables in them um and like have like you know making them the same way and then um like if your kid's always dip chicken nuggets and ketchup, then like serving the little veggie tots like ketchup too, and then that way there at least getting some more vegetables in there and getting used to a few different flavors. Um And then uh just kind of I guess what we always are taught is that with kids
like just not not to really worry too much
because you know, they'll grow up and they'll grow out of it, you know, eventually.
Yeah and like too much, too much argument about food can make the kids like really upset and like really mad and like have a bad relationship with food which
is the opposite of what you want, you want kids to, you know, really like and enjoy their food.
Mhm. Do you have any hobbies?
Have
you seen
um have you seen or do you have netflix?
Well there's
a show called nailed It, which is really funny and it's like when they take home bakers and like giving them these crazy challenges like you know, creating like a three ft tall, you know, cake or something that's like really intricate. It's so funny like watching everyone, you know try and make those things at home and that's how I feel
when I bait.
I'm actually just watching that now with my boyfriend. We just we're almost done with the third season of it's the great british baking show.
Oh, that one,
that one's crazy, delicious.
Yeah, and it's like funny, the host is really
funny.
Yeah, but some of those things that they make just they don't look real, it's like how is someone,
how are they able to make something that good looking,
you know?
I bet they'd love it.
want to try making cake where like you you cut into it and like candy falls out of the middle have
used Yeah, something like that.
Yeah,
Or
or like something where it's like, they always make something levitating and like they use magnets and like dry ice and it's all foaming and stuff. I think that would be really cool.
I know. I just need like a kitchen, like a big kitchen right now. My apartment kitchen is like way too small. It has like just the tiniest little stove, like a tiny oven and like everything that goes in there, like all my stuff doesn't fit because it's so small.
I'm hoping so. And yeah.
Thanks. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh huh. So what are you gonna
do for the rest of the day?
Pretty much same. Mhm.
Sounds good.
I'm 24.
Mhm. No, I'm 24.
I hope
so. That's correct. Yeah. You
look pretty young, too. I wouldn't I wouldn't guess older than like 24, either.
Well, we've had our 25 minutes, so it was really nice talking to you. Mhm. I hope you have a great day.