Alright. What? Alright. What do you want to talk about?
Why do you all know?
Nice to meet you too.
I'm
all the way in south texas. No
I woke up like at four or 5:00 AM because my kids go to school really really early. Yeah. I
like four kids. 543
and two. Yeah.
Oh yeah Oliver and school except a two year old. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah.
You're lucky. I'll find what you got.
I just do surveys. My husband goes to work. Um we go back to shopping, we like to go walk around, I've been trying to lose weight if I lost like 12 lbs. So I've been exercising and walking more with him when we go shopping. Yeah, so that's pretty much what I do for from what do you do for from?
huh.
country.
Oh that's good.
Oh no, I think we've only seen I've only seen snow twice, so if we're lucky we'll um I saw it when I was like 12 and then I saw it being like two years, two or three years ago. So yeah, we don't have fall, it's like when it's hot in the summer, it's in the hundreds or high nineties and it's human on top of that, so it feels even hotter, feels like it's 110th. So we're suffering sweating or buns off.
nothing even die. They don't get that cold
that's
beautiful. Always wanted to see the seasons like just change before my eyes shut down. Yeah.
And you experience winter every year like snow. Uh
huh.
Help
what?
so
I think that's a workout right there. Very
american.
It
Oh you're stuck inside. Yeah
Mr Crowley from the Simpsons? Yeah. Mhm.
Oh
so you have to do extra work at the site? Yeah.
That's crazy. Yeah. Imagine.
description.
No I
like that mm. They pay really good. They usually over minimum wage so I'm happy with them. Have you heard of mturk dot com?
It's the same thing in service but they don't pay minimum wage. You'll probably make like if you're lucky $456 an hour. But it's still work you know like there's nothing on prolific but it's just a story site and then they call it the they deleted my account. I don't know why they said that I had multiple accounts but my husband has an account and I have an account and my Turkey Oculus. Well its outlook and his at Gmail so they thought it's the same person so and I even sent in my I. D. He's in another I. D. And they didn't give me the chance to like prove that was who I am. So they just delete it there
a little more direct.
Yeah but I like prolific als because it just pays better Whether you're like 50s and surveys for like 10:15 minutes. It's crazy
how
different?
I I enjoy it too. I told my husband it doesn't feel like a job for me. I actually like it. I had a good job that paid me really well I was still probably deserved it because I like it.
That.
You know my eyes are getting heavy every time. Yeah. Yeah. I know but they didn't pay cut though.
That's usually
it
may be awful. Yeah, maybe, although by his words that mean. Yeah.
Yeah. Um usually not like face to face. Usually it would just be like over like you texted me try like just typing. Yeah. Usually throw something like that. This is, I think the first time it's face to face that we're talking, I'm doing.
How
are the yeah.
Yeah.
Mm
Yeah, that's true. I'm like in this little town. Yeah.
It's very, very, very bottom. It's called Harlingen. Take
65,000
people to, yeah.
I
wish
so. That's a desert. But like I'm like next to South padre Island, like an island. Um all right. Here's the Gulf coast water and I'm like, right there, like I'm probably like 45 minutes away from the beach. Mhm.
Oh, it's gorgeous. Um I used to go a lot of my family, but I haven't gone lately because all my kids, I'm scared to take my kids because One of them does have autism, so I can't really trust him running into the water and I don't know what happens. Um maybe when they're older, maybe when they're like 17, 18 year old, when they're about to be adults, but it's gorgeous, it's beautiful. This sounds beautiful, the water is gorgeous, everything's fancy. Um A lot of spring breakers always go down there. It's very popular at the beach. People just, they the older people retire there is just that pretty I really like. Mhm.
No,
there's
no people in lake monster that I heard I heard about a lake michigan monster in the water,
I
was like, what? How
about?
Oh yeah, that's
naive
as their 50s in the water? Oh,
Hello?
Oh, that's cute. Mr Yeah,
Yeah. Uh huh. Okay, what do you want to talk about now? Yeah.
All
right, let's just do this,
Oh, hot cheetos um barbecue, chicken tenders, Reese's puffs, I don't need good, I just eat less and I'm dropping weight, so what do you think I'm?
I like to make, I want to say it's healthy noodles, spaghetti um shrimp mushrooms, like mix it all together, it's delicious. I don't like that much, I usually have a already ready to eat prepared meals and then from hp the grocery store um I'll eat like chinese meals and stuff like that, That's real salty though, Yeah.
yeah, that's true. You're
gonna just snack more, wow.
they got nature's own honey out,
I want one of those right before. Mhm. No.
Yeah.
I've always wanted to try any untrue. It just sounds really good. Never try it though.
Yeah,
That
sounds really good. Are you like a vegetarian or
no? Oh
How
do you, like, how do you do that? Because like if I didn't want to ever eat meat again, like is it hard? Um or is it just something you feel comfortable with? Like how does that go?
yeah.
That
No,
I know.
So.
Uh huh.
What would you say about peanut butter?
You
know? Uh 19. Right, Okay.
help.
I don't really have a cute, My husband likes that to my kids. Yeah.
They like noodles. They like hamburgers. They like, what else are you like? And you know. Mm. Everything. They're not really that picky.
I'm
Mhm. Yeah. Except my oldest, he is a little picky. Sometimes he's getting better.
Yeah. I can make whatever and they will be happy. I try to make sure that they eat. Like I don't want them to get overweight because I know I know that people are not nice to people who, you know, overweight and I just don't want them like suffer. So like I try to make sure that their meals are a little bit on the healthier side. Like I try to only give them noodles. Like rarely I try to make sure they have their meats, either vegetables every now and then they get a little bit of fruit, get them some, trying to make sure it's healthy as possible just so they don't blame me and say, oh, I'm only overweight because of your mom, I don't wanna be blamed, you know, I don't want. Yeah, goddamn.
huh.
No.
Apartment.
And how do you do that? Like when they only want chicken nuggets, what do you recommend? And how do you steer that away?
I,
first of all,
So try to be indifferent. Yeah.
You know.
mm hmm. You know, that's truly
I play video games every now and then. Um, shopping. I love to shop. I like to find the kid a little things like the Disney store online for my kids. I would like to know the real cute. So my husband's like, why do our kids always look better dressed than us? I'm like, well, they're going to get a better life than I had. So I'm making sure that they're, they look cute and then I'm gonna be blamed for them looking and started weighing. Um, just making sure that they're like adorable. I like to, I guess I like to bake, but I'm not good at it. So I always told my husband I wanted to be a baker when I grew up and I want to make a little cupcakes and do a little cute things in the, in the kitchen with cookies. But every time I try to look like a child trying to like do like little art project. So even though I like it, I'm not good at it, so I
stopped
because
I used to have netflix.
Good.
What
come on, we watch Flynn? What's the one we watched? The british one? There's like a british one. Um It's so pretty, it's so elegant. Have you seen it?
I think so because I know they like it looks like it looks like something that don't eat like a plant with like pot was like a plant inside and they'll eat it and it's like everything's food, it's like crazy
or something else.
Yeah, that one. I love that one. I think it's so how do you say like it feels like Disney, it feels magical, it feels so whimsical. I love it. I think that I I love that show. It
is
sweet and I love her. I love her little personality. She's something else. I think it's funny, cute how she always hits on the man. I have. So cute honey. Yeah.
it's that good.
Yeah. Do you remember the level 1? Like
the little balls and they made like a volcano? How long? I've tried that one on my my kids maybe for their birthdays.
Oh yeah. And then it's pizza on top of that. My kids love pizza. So we'll be having a good time and be amazed by him and uh
like a pinata.
Yeah. No, I've never seen like that, but it does sound cute. Mhm.
That sounds
like
Kind of like harry potter annoying. Mhm. That sounds cute. We didn't have so many ideas with that.
yeah, that's okay. Maybe after you get your job and then you'll be all making lots of money and get a beautiful big kitchen. Yeah.
Let's see from your apartment. Looks really pretty though. That's
Yeah. Keep
well
I don't know, My husband goes to work at 10 so in a little bit, probably watching the kids will make them breakfast, we'll probably make them like again potatoes. Um and then we'll watch movies together. Um I cuddle with my husband kids start playing. I might have like a little like a little train that goes down to a little closer. Maybe they'll write that because I promised they'd writing yesterday and it never happened, so maybe it'll happen today, so they'll have a little bit of fun. Well my my two year old walk around nothing really interesting, just like I guess normal everyday is tough, you know,
and then trying to teach them how to do the alphabet and try to help them learn a little bit.
Yeah. How old are you?
Wow. It looks so young. I would say like 17, 18.
That was good. You look young. You'll be a young grandma one day. You
look
Yeah.
28. uh Huh. Thank you. Oh, okay.
That's so funny. All right, bye.