how are you?
Thank you for being my partner today in the survey.
I am. My name is Vasile.
Very nice to meet you.
I actually we're camping with my wife and with my son. Uh This is a campground and this is actually our camper. Yes we're we're in florida. Where are you?
I'm sorry you said Washington D. C.
Yeah, I can hear and see you. Really really good. That's awesome. Is there a lot of snow there?
Yes, because here in Florida is 84 and I think it's going to stay the next few days like that.
That's amazing. I didn't know what to expect from from the prolific surveys but.
Well
wait
I'm sorry, I'm trying actually to turn my angle so you can have more light. Let
me see. I think this is much better if I follow the instructions correctly. I should be in a well lit area. Okay. Mhm. Perfect. Well we're actually staying at a campground this weekend so we're camping with my wife and with my son who is actually asleep right now and I think my wife is taking a nap
too
and I just do I just got back from
playing
playing tennis.
he just turned 19 months on the first.
Yeah he is. He is and he's adorable. He's still learning to sleep and we're still learning to arrest. It's been quite the adventure.
It's true.
Um We are in
Daytona Beach. This is where
they do those big
bigger Racists.
and
and we we live not too far away from here right by Jacksonville. Yeah and this weekend I was able to take some time off of work and we did a little bit of an extended stay. So we're here for thursday friday saturday and sunday we have a big fifth wheel if you know what 1/5 will
is,
it's
so it's it's a camper, not the one that you tow behind, but it's the one that goes on top of the truck,
kind of like you you hook it up, yeah and it's it's really huge, we actually have two bathrooms. Mhm
it's really big, it's kind of like a, you can you can live full time in it today space.
what about you, what do you do?
Oh that's very nice,
this is
yeah,
you
get
right, I see are the holidays as tactic as for the rest of the world, of the rest of the people in America. It's the same, same here
um actually uh was born and raised in south eastern europe in Bulgaria. I actually moved not that
long ago, just like 15 years ago to the states. So pretty much my my upbringing is still european, but I started my american journey in Georgia in Atlanta and it was very nice. Yes.
And before that I spent a little bit of time in uh Martha's vineyard, which is massachusetts, but it felt more than the people from a a little too cold. That's why I decided to most south where
the people are a little more warmer.
Oh my God, that's that's amazing. We we want to move to north Carolina actually.
we've been,
we've been researching kind of like the bone area, Sugar Mountain. We want to be in the West Park because there's been so many hurricanes in florida and we are scared because every year we've been evacuating. Mhm.
have been to that area that borders Georgia and north Carolina, the cashiers and it's it's really beautiful really and highland, I think it's called highlands and cashiers and the right and the border of north Carolina. But we also have um we we did Airbnb with my wife before our son was born in the mountains because we both love the mountains. But we're kind of like stuck because my family in law, they all live here in Daytona Beach. You know with the little guy, we don't want to be too far away from them at least for now.
Yeah. I heard, I think that the further kind of south you go, it's a little bit more affordable. I mean if you go up to Miami in that area it gets expensive. And I think Daytona Beach is located kind of like in the middle of florida on the east coast. But as you start going further south, the prices start going up and up. We're more north
of here.
Were by Jacksonville. Yeah.
Um, I actually, uh, well that's that's a good question. I keep being asked that question from many, many of my friends to, or people that don't know me. Um, I think that's just growing up in a smaller and uh poor country and when you have like bigger dreams and you want to move and you want to be part of a bigger country in a bigger culture and a bigger society. But To be honest I've lived already 15 years here and there's not a whole lot of culture unless most of your friends are from other countries. That's when it gets more interesting. Otherwise America does not have a lot of culture in general. Mm Maybe just because the history is just so small having the country's only like for centuries old, I'm coming from a country that has more than 20, 20 centuries of history and we've been under slavery and wars and whole of that and when you come here, I think the only thing that people pride themselves is the burger shopping online and and uh I don't know the political party that they support or which football they care about, which those are things that I could hardly care about. I care more about more kind of like more spiritual things and more deeper things, something that makes the heart kind of pulls more. Mhm.
I
heard that, that's the place with a lot of culture.
Yes, that's amazing. We um I'm actually um I met my wife in Atlanta and I used to live there for 10 years before women five years ago to Florida. And Atlanta is an amazing place for a young person just like you, something like Atlanta. It's very appealing to a lot of young professionals and it's a good place to kind of like start your career and start going to step up slowly climbing the ranking and once, I guess when you meet your significant other and your partner, it becomes way too crowded. Traffic is very hectic, just like, I'm pretty sure.
that's awesome. And that's amazing if you're in a really um good area where there's a lot of transportation because important without a car, you can't do any.
I have a friend of mine that lives probably about maybe seven mi and I actually took the bike, we play tennis and I just got back from playing tennis. That's why I'm I'm sweaty and I apologize for that.
It's mm mm.
Yes. Okay. I wish you know, growing up in europe, I wish that the city's here a little bit more advanced and people are a little bit pro certain things. Um I I wish that people cared a lot more to.
we both like to travel along and uh we're leaving in three weeks. My mom, she still lives in, works in europe and she doesn't see her grandson, it's been almost a year and a half. And uh we're going on a little ski vacation uh to see her as well and we're going to go skiing there for a little bit for three weeks.
we're
very excited, she lives in Bulgaria, that's where I'm originally from.
no um she tried about five years ago um just she came for about six months just to see um what it will be and how it feels, but she doesn't drive a car and by that time I was living in Atlanta and Atlanta without a vehicle, you cannot survive. And
it was difficult. Plus she loves her profession, she's a pediatrician,
pulmonologist
and
she continues to work. She's retired but she loved the profession and continues to work. I
want
to.
What?
It is
it
is it seems that that's another, we
took often with my wife
about that, about
the education problems, how how people here
has
to go through college and leave with
so much debt so they can never get ahead of it. And that's something that in europe doesn't exist. I
I'm a graduate of the Bulgarian National Sports Academy and have
a major in sports management in tennis,
but I the government paid for absolutely everything.
and.
Mhm. Yes, I honestly don't know what is the solution for everything.
Sometimes high taxes work better. Sometimes they don't, I
I really don't know. But uh I'm sure that if if
the human consciousness and I guess people if they start reading a little bit more and become a little bit more attuned rather than what's going outside more with what's happening inside.
I think that maybe we'll make a progress. But right now I truly don't see anything brighter and I'm sad because I can tell I'm I'm older than you, but I would love your generation to be a lot more happier than ours. I am I'm on the cusp of the sorry, I'm on a custom of a millennial, so almost a millennial. Mhm.
Yeah,
because everybody nowadays divide the generation to want to another to this and it seems that knowing
my wife's parents, their baby boomers, and they obviously had it really, really well back then and they didn't and they didn't set it up too good for us and we didn't we're not making enough good for the next generation. What do you think about that? Mhm.
I'm sorry.
I think
Mhm.
But
looking
at
you, he did good, He really did. That's amazing. Mhm.
Against this, that's where the love for
the south comes that
that's very nice. Please thank him for his service
from from from someone who is not even from this country, but I I know how much people respect that and I can only honor it too. Although I'm proud proudly an american citizen right now. Well not not always proud but
but at least but at least the citizens against part of this society in this community.
that's a gosh, there's
there's another another thing that going growing up in europe, we have something that I noticed that people here, they divide other people by racist so much and it's something that hasn't past psychologically and people are not over at all, especially living in the south, I have witnessed so many things, although most of my friends were actually african americans, which which surprises a lot of people, but they, they were very open minded towards me because they didn't treat me like a typical american because I'm european tourists and their most.
yes, yes, where, where did you, where did you go abroad?
that's amazing.
Yes. Uh that's that's what I was telling my wife, we're kind of like a very interesting mix because she is an american born and raised here, but very open minded towards other cultures and before she met me she traveled all over europe and other countries and I am a little bit of the opposite, which is strange because most Europeans we travel a lot but I haven't traveled that much and I've always been interested in America, but now that I'm here and I have lived the Almost 15 years and I'm not extremely impressed honestly. Um it's uh it's kind of like a very good mixed that we're going to go where we will have the opportunity to go back or just for 3.5 weeks. We're very excited.
They think
yes, so certain countries actually allow you to have the dual citizenship and Bulgaria is one of
those. So I have both Bulgarian and american. And now my son actually just got his Bulgarian citizenship
because
he was born in American. He was born here in the States,
which is really cool. And we're gonna be trying to probably get my wife also uh european citizenship as well because Bulgaria is part of the european union which allows you to travel freely in the union with your european passport.
you
can work and you also are allowed as far as I know from my mom, I think that you get also healthcare throughout the european union. Yeah.
you should definitely uh try europe of course. And my advice as a european is try to avoid uh the so called beaten path which
is Italy and Rome or Spain and Barcelona. Those are destinations that are so heavily touristy now that you're not gonna see anything but a mess, dirty streets and people trying to sell you stuff which are not locals if you want to experience against the real culture, tried to go away from those destinations similar like in the country, the country of paris France, the countryside of spain. Those are the real things where you can really really experience the real culture rather than those big beat up cities
there are no longer
and
of
course I was tell my friends to try to. The small countries like Bulgaria is really nice. Uh Turkey is very beautiful. Greece is fantastic. Uh huh. Slovenia is also beautiful. Croatia
is fantastic.
Um I heard that the Scandinavian countries are absolutely exquisite. Um Iceland is kind of like the new gem that people are going there. Um I know the the Scandinavian countries like Finland Sweden, they're also phenomenal. Denmark I heard is really beautiful and I know from my wife because she's been in Portugal in Spain to love Portugal. He he actually wanted to to move to Portugal or Italy.
Is.
Yes a lot of the some of the countries from
the european Union are a little bit better than the other ones. So
it's really, really good for the people that retire to retire in a smaller country where where I guess the british pound than the dollar, they stretch a lot further in Bulgaria. There is a lot of british and german retired couples that are buying the homes because they're very cheap and they apply usually in the countryside, the views of the mountains, everything is just phenomenal. Plus Bulgaria has um like one of the few countries in the world. I think there's a food government standard that doesn't allow GMOs, so everything clean and organic.
I'm sure you can do that stuff too. Mhm.
Yes. I'm I'm doing my prolific study. You can come and say hi
to my partner, being your partner, that's okay, sorry, my wife just came outside.
Yes. Yes. Well, for me, for me it was an absolute pleasure to meet you online.
I don't know what kind of questions that will be asked afterwards, but it was just very much pleasure,
I'm sorry.
Uh So um we're staying until sunday, but we always usually you're supposed to leave a campground, we love camping by the way, I should have started with that, and usually you're supposed to leave by 11 o'clock every campground, but
we always pay an extra day so we can stay
longer and we leave, we'll leave on sunday, and then like whenever we want, whenever we're ready, because we're not too far from Daytona Beach, we're about an hour and a half
away where we live in Jacksonville.
I understand.
Well uh the more that I read it seems that uh your generation, my generation, the newer generation is more open to camping and even living living in a camper. Um people are more into the tiny houses and things like that. And me and my wife, we have decided once we we sell this home and we moved hopefully to north Carolina. We are going to go with either a tiny house or we will just live in our trailer for a little bit.
Me
too, Me too. And how they have in their backyards there, chicken coops and they grow their own ladies and many farms. That's amazing.
I actually am very certain and we have given ourselves the year, year and a half to do that. So you know here our goal is to put our jobs and uh
just have our
own mini form because
we want to raise our son away from the hustle of the society,
away
from from just too much electronics just to be connected with nature and we're trying to make that step back to nature which is actually a step forward for us.
Yes, we're super excited about that and Although we're almost 40, both of us, we we're determined to try it and I know that the future actually belongs to the people that
think in that direction
I think.
Thank
you so
much.
Not yet.
Uh huh.
I could never say that you're 30. Mhm
Yes. Uh huh. Well again it was very a very big pleasure.
It was an honor.
Thank you
so much.
Thank you so much you to enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Thank you. I'm pretty new to prolific. So
do you know after um do I have to hung up and then go back?
I think so, yes.
Sounds good. Thank you
so much.
Thank you again. What
Thank
you. Good luck
in
everything.