Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Oh okay. Mhm. And yes. Hi
I'm good thank you.
Yeah come on.
That's my name is Sam
to meet you. Are you on a, are you near a boat?
I'm in Washington D. C.
you see?
No it's actually quite warm right now. It's like 65°.. It's going to get up to 70 today,
Well it's funny because it snowed last week but it's really warm today so I don't know what the weather is doing. But
yeah so I've had surveys before where they tell you you're going to chat with someone and then it's actually
like a like a psychological trick and you don't end up chatting with someone.
So I wondered if this is going to be the same thing. Oh.
That's our guy.
How
horrible.
Like
what?
Nice how does your sense? Yeah.
Oh wow. So he's he'll throw a baby.
Yeah. Where in florida
are you?
Think.
What
the
Yeah. Yeah, I've never been down
there. It
Is
it
just the campus?
is it
I didn't know that. It is cool.
it's like a little tiny house, that's cool.
Um I work in public health um and then I teach yoga on the side. Um
so I just got back from the studio today. Um and then we'll
probably spend some time outside today because it's so nice. Um But uh yeah, I
won't get we just finished up our big christmas break, so I probably won't take any vacation time until
until
the spring.
Yeah. Where are you from originally?
Well.
Right.
Well
yeah, I'm from north Carolina originally, but I love Atlanta.
Yeah, it's a beautiful
state.
And even um like have you looked at Asheville or anything like that? Oh.
it's not a bad flight if you do decide to move. Um And it's so yeah it's nice up there. I really like it and I don't know what like housing prices are like in florida but housing prices in D. C. Are so expensive. So I miss like I miss north Carolina prices.
I
will.
How why did you move to Georgia originally?
Yeah I really liked living in D. C. For that reason because there's a lot of there's a lot of stuff going on here so I feel
normal.
Yeah it's nice. Um And then it's also like an easy flight if you want to go anywhere because there's like three major airports around. Yeah
Yeah I don't even own a car because I like don't like to deal with the traffic. I just use the metro or like take Uber.
Yeah I know. Well yeah.
No problem.
will I'll ride my bike sometimes around here but nothing as far as seven miles just like like like a 2-3 mile circuit for like transportation stuff. But yeah.
Yeah everyone is very attached to owning a vehicle. I wish I wish it's parts of D. C. Would ban cars and just allow buyers and like bikes through it because I think it would really help with traffic. Yeah.
That's awesome. Where is she
living?
I wasn't sure if she had moved to anything. That's awesome.
Well
our
criminal
it's
they make it
so
hard for people coming from abroad to like get license in the states.
If you didn't go to a U. S. Medical school, they make it very difficult. It
it
is.
What
about
how?
there have
both.
So.
And
well.
Two.
That's awesome. Yeah. I would totally
be okay with higher taxes if they covered a lot more stuff.
The
school.
that
I.
I think it's a pretty wide band. Yeah.
Uh huh.
No.
will say that my my parents didn't have it super easy but like in general yeah because my my dad is black and he grew up in the south so he grew up like going to like segregated schools and stuff like that. And so he ended up joining military when he was 18 because he grew up in foster care so he didn't really have any other options. So he himself.
No. Yeah. He himself didn't he has done very well for himself that he himself didn't like have it very easy. But yeah, just in general the like the boomer
generation like got everything. Yeah
because I
have
to
go.
yeah he knew.
over
Yeah. He did 30 years in the army because he had to but then he got he finished and he did well. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
I understand.
Yeah. It's really complicated for me because I obviously have like military family members, but I think we spend entirely too much on defense stuff. It makes me very uncomfortable. Yeah.
There.
Yeah, I definitely agree with that. Um I spent some time living abroad after my Master's program and it was like really hard coming back because it's just so different.
I actually I lived in africa I lived in a small country um called Malawi. Um So it's on the east. Yeah so I lived there and then I went to I spent like a month in Thailand and then a month in India afterwards. Um
Yeah it was a really good experience, I did it for like so I was in allowing for a job and then I kind of like traveled around afterwards. Um But yeah it was like it was hard coming back because things are very. Yeah you just you like grow up here and you like think stuff is normal and then you leave and you come back and you're like the U. S. Is really weird. Mhm.
Yeah. I wrote me nice
um Were you able to keep dual citizenship or did you have to renounce?
That's
Brent
lawson.
That's
Yeah and then you can with the european union can work in any country in the Eu right? That's such a good
sister
Yeah I have that actually traveled that much. I've traveled a lot through like africa and Asia but I'm in South America but I've not really traveled through europe and I like I really need I've only been to Italy and I really there's so many places I want to go and I haven't yet.
I agree.
Yeah that's
that's why
I've
heard.
that's
branches on my like the top of my list I really want to go there.
yeah I follow this shambling on Youtube who they like retired early and they, they make a lot of their money online. So they went and I think they have like enough money in their investment accounts where they don't have to actively work and they went and retired in Portugal. They like got like a little apartment and they like seem so
coffee
peter.
Jump.
That's awesome.
I am really into all of that stuff. That's really cool. I didn't know that. I've never met anyone from Bulgaria so I haven't heard much about the country so that's cool.
Well
we only have a few more minutes anyway.
Thanks and
Yes. It was very nice to meet you as well. I hope you guys have an awesome prime on your vacation. How much, how many more days are you camping?
Many more days are you camping?
Both
if.
that's
I actually have never been camping. Um My dad would always talk about taking us camping, but because his job was like, he spent time in the field so much when he came home, he would always be like, I don't want to camp. My job is camping.
You never took.
Yeah. I really like watching those tiny house videos on Youtube of people
who are
Yeah. Do you think that you would make your own tiny home or would you um
Just
two?
what?
you
know.
Yeah. That's awesome. I really respect that.
The
Yeah. And 40
was so young still. I
don't
think
so. I
because I I just turned 30 and I just think of that like when I was like in my early 20's I thought 30 was so old and now that I'm 30, I'm like I have like so much time to do so many things. Yeah.
Yeah.
I just turned three. I just look there. Yeah. Yeah.
Nice to meet you
have a good
my
fear trip.
Oh that's fine. It's
so
let me read the direct here. I'm just going out to the other tab to read the directions really fast. Um keeping the new chapter of it, your chat partner when your conversation is complete, we have please return to this plywood top to continue participation. Um Okay. I think all we have to do is we did you keep the other browser tab open?
So we'll just exit out of this conversation and then um and then if you scroll to the bottom, there's a continuation arrow for the questions.
Thank
you. Bye bye.
What? Yeah.
Bye.
Thank
you.
Thank you too.