SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Uh huh, mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh no. Oh. Uh huh. Me
SPEAKER_R: no. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Get this. Oh no. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Just all the way. Uh huh. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Problem. Uh Yeah, yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I see. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: stops working, Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: course this
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: please. Mm mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: You Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's the street. Is this your first time doing this? Uh My sister?
SPEAKER_L: is actually my third one of these that I've done.
SPEAKER_R: This is my 3rd 1. But the first point did partner ever showed up and I reschedule it and then they never showed up again, so.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's that's unfortunate. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. You do. But the last time I did like a month ago a person showed up. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, I think my first one was in january and then there was one like a month ago and now there's this one.
SPEAKER_R: It's yeah, I did the first one january. No one showed up and then to reschedule it and they never show up and kind of pain. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've never I've never had the other person not turn up, but I'm it, I mean the way you have to do this with the copying from the message is already a little bit of a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: the pain.
SPEAKER_R: pregnant. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so I'm I'm James,
SPEAKER_R: I'm Jason live in northwest indiana around the border of Chicago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I live in Portland Oregon. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: something way on the west coast. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from California and then I moved to Oregon and then I moved elsewhere in Oregon and now I'm in Portland.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I've never been to Portland by, been to Seattle and uh like L. A. And san Francisco and san Diego.
SPEAKER_L: I've been I've been to Seattle a couple of times when I when I moved here, I actually thought I'd be spending more time up there because it's it's there's a there's like a bus you can take but but I I haven't spent that much time there in the end and of course now with everything that's going on, you know, who who knows?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah I used to go to work go to the grocery store, go home or go like Walgreens or something that's about it. Mhm. A lot of things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mostly
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I uh I
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I do freelance programming so I can I can I can work from here at least. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I do
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, I mostly I go out for
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: for groceries and food and that's that's really about it, there's not a whole lot of places to go really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm here I work in I. T. For a manufacturing company so I there they were still open from the the virus even on the state had shut down. They can the CFO considered an essential business where we stayed open. But I could probably work from home if I wanted. It was decided just easier to go in since there's not a lot of people in the front office I can actually spread out.
SPEAKER_L: makes sense. Yeah, I mean if you if you have everyone's all clustered together then that's uh then that's not so bad.
SPEAKER_R: Okay that's nice kind of and then we're staggering the hour so there's a lot of people in the front office that aren't there um All the time. Keep us people in the office. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's that sounds about right. Uh
SPEAKER_R: You wouldn't want. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Um you spend a lot of time on prolific. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I I try to do whatever comes whatever, you know, they throw me I started I started it late last year and uh I mean I've got the I've got the it keeps track of the total for you. I'm at like £650,, which is a couple 100 more dollars than that I think. So that's not you know, that's all told. It probably adds up to like one month of rand.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: But uh but that's you know, that's not nothing if you're spending it on smaller things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I start with and turk and then I uh some one of the Reddit forms that look into prolific so I signed up for it and I kind of like it better mentor because there's more, you can actually like interact with requesters and it seems to be more stability I think were prolific. Early supports better than like enter interviews.
SPEAKER_L: I I apply I think I applied for mechanical turk like a long time ago and amazon just never got back to me. And I've heard I've heard that's a thing like it can take years or something out of which which seems weird because it's a pretty simple system.
SPEAKER_R: By some I'm so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: calm
SPEAKER_L: did sweat. I tried swag bucks for
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: But that swag bucks I think works better if you already have money and you're like buying a lot of stuff because the last time there is like oh show us, show us your receipt from the store or you know get 3% back when you shop these categories on amazon, you know if I was already spending that money, if I was already spending money on that stuff then yeah, this would be great. But
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: but in terms of like the surveys and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: dale, I don't pay that much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I like the prolific priest. You do you do the screening separately because on swag bucks, I was constantly getting bounced out of surveys.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah. I used to do like survey sites like that and just getting bounced out service. Just the pain Or they would take so much longer. Survey would pay 40 cents and take 20 minutes and I'm like, and I've already committed so long and I might as well finish it. But like the p ramp was so bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And it always, it seems like you could get screened out at like any point in those two.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I remember like I used to use mid find like a long time ago and I remember I get through a survey, he's thinking at the end and it says the court has been filled. You just got on, they just got all of my data for free. And now I just wasted all this time. And that was something that annoyed me.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Sometimes it happens that I'm Turkey take a survey and then it'll crash or something and Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: You're screwed or you spend so much time looking for surveys or stuff to do. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like I said I've never I've never gotten into mechanical turk but I remember hearing I remember hearing good things about it but God that was at least like five years ago and I never I never got in so
SPEAKER_R: I just find out like on a sunday and like out of the blue, they people were saying that they weren't accepting anyone and then I just got the email like a couple days later that you've been accepted surprised me. Yeah. Yeah. I can't like prolific. It's good. And I had to put the uh put the uh extension on chrome so it actually goes out and finds surveys.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that one that's great because before before they implemented that I had I had a phone app that someone had made like an unofficial one that would uh
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: you know it would, my phone would buzz whenever it whenever there was a survey. And then a few weeks ago uh when I opened it up there was a note from the creator that said like oh they blocked my access.
SPEAKER_R: Back in the
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: day.
SPEAKER_L: like it was making it was it was requiring logins more often or something and like prolific it effectively shut him out of it. Which I would which I was concerned about. But I guess they did that because they were rolling out their own extension. So I mean as long as I can still, as long as I have to have a better way to keep up with prolific than just like trying to check the tab every
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Then what happened to me? I think the Tampa completely forget about it. And also I see the number and then I will have to go scramble ago survey. So now give me another vacation. A cash bar.
SPEAKER_L: I mean even with the extension sometimes it'll, it'll say there are surveys and then I look and there's nothing but I know sometimes they just, they just go really fast I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I've had wants to say there's like 200 slides open and I have time I get to its full much.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Especial. Especially the high paying ones.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Penguins go quickly. Did one survey was like a £13 surfing about like uh about like determining biases or like when people misspeak
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: that was kind of a it was kind of a fun survey. I remember taking
SPEAKER_L: there was a few
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: months
SPEAKER_R: world.
SPEAKER_L: back. There were all these coronavirus ones. I mean that was a, that was, that worked out well, it worked out great monetarily. I mean there's the virus isn't, isn't parade, but uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, those, those have mostly dried up, although a couple of them are recurring, but they use like, they used to be weekly and now they're like monthly. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I signed up for, there was one that lasted for like 10 weeks. I got me that that one and then there's the one that was weekly and biweekly announced once a month.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I think I I think I mean I think I'm in both of those. Yeah the 10 week one was what Mount Sinai? Right. Yeah. Yeah and then there's the other one that's that's still ongoing I think. But yeah now it's like every every month. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, It takes it takes an hour to hour and 10 minutes or something like that,
SPEAKER_L: Right and then and it's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: longer now because they added on some stuff about Like protests I think so it's like an extra 20. Yeah that one I mean when it when it rolls around that's that's like that's you know that's $10 for like an hour. That's not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's not
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: what and I actually I one I got one of the there's the thing with that's the one of the tokens right? Where
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you a lot of them and I I actually got one of the £50 bonus payouts from that. So
SPEAKER_R: Remember
SPEAKER_L: that is
SPEAKER_R: I've never won, I just keep changing my strategy. Uh huh. It seems to be random I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I I put like I put somewhere between 10 and 15 and usually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I've been doing. I used to put all 20 then I changed it to like 15 because I thought I was wasn't getting as much money if I put more and I switched it. Yeah, I actually did this one on one thing on mechanical turk or is like a prediction thing, like a political prediction thing or I'm going to do. So you have to do like questions about like what do you think the price of oil will be at a certain date? It went on paid like $16 and one for like 35 weeks. Yeah, It took like two hours to do every week. So and then you have to do research to explain how you came up with your answers. That was a fun one.
SPEAKER_L: You know I feel like usually these things discourage you from looking stuff up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well this is they want you to be like a researcher for at least the one I didn't mechanical turk. Mhm. You wouldn't like explain your answers and then they would actually like read your answers. And I guess people were They wanted people spend like an hour and each week but they allowed it like four hours and then people were spending like 20 minutes on it and they were kicking them out because they weren't doing what they should have been doing or it's giving like goofy answers. Yeah. Yeah. But they haven't they didn't have that one this year, had it last year and maybe that the virus kind of affected the team that was sponsoring the survey or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I I used to do like focus groups, not not like online ones but you know where they get you all and uh they get you all in a spare room at the mall or someplace and get talked for three hours about and I'm about an upcoming election or your opinion. Who was the last one? I did it was about it was about hunting I think and like whether we were sort of four or against it and then they talked about like gator farming and is that hunting? How do you feel about you know about that some people want to survive,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: et cetera. And and then and then, you know, at the end of it, you've got a couple 100 bucks, but but you can't get a bunch of people in a room like that. Now I ask. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't want in Chicago or they you have to watch like a either a news clip or a new show or like a sports thing they want and then they ask you questions about the advertisement. But then the advertisements but then they also like measure your car. Great and your sweat not a sweat. It was kind of went down, went downtown for a day, just go watch a monday night football game. You're talking about the advertisements that there during the game. But well now they did through mobile and didn't pay as much people 120 we went downtown and then they Then the mobile and it paid like 20 bucks. Mhm. I've done some other focus groups like with the Scout and Respondent
SPEAKER_L: what what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: think that one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think the one I o the one I ended up with most of the time was viewpoint. Yeah. Actually
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just just before Portland, Portland like lockdown really went into effect. I was I was volunteering. There's this place down here. It's called free geek. And they like help, they basically help people who get computers who maybe
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: can't afford uh then normally. And they also they run they run a store and they have like a, you know, you can donate stuff and and it's a whole it's the whole thing. And I was going to start volunteering there, but I ended up getting my first shift on the last day that they were taking volunteers before they shut everything down. And one of the guy the guy next to me at the table, I was working out in the warehouse. Uh His his day job, he told me was he was a he worked for viewpoint and he like helped put those focus groups together and at that point, you know, it was like late March and he he was already sort of like furloughed or laid off or something. Because because you couldn't you couldn't get a room full of people together.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. I got some email. They were doing some like a thing in Chicago downtown and so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: soulfully
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: distance. But because I live in in indiana I don't qualify. It's a deal of an Illinois driver's license and I couldn't say yes because they're really indiana give a lot right next to both the border Chicago. Yeah. I did this one task correction. They'll drive to Mcdonald's, go through the drive through and they were timing it or something. Yeah. So I paid for my lunch.
SPEAKER_L: It's a free
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: lunch. It's a free Mcdonald's lunch. But
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: downs lunch. And then they paid me to like take a survey when I thought about the drive in. Guess what? They were testing something with their mobile app. And I wanted to see like if you'd rather order it through the mobile app, then go to the drive thru and or something or something like that. I guess. I think they were comparing like times using the mobile app versus going to the drive through to see how they compared. I think I understand to be the one they sent to the drive through. So um Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I actually haven't been to Mcdonald's
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: since all this stuff started. I guess there's there's no reason I couldn't go. There's one like a few blocks away, But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. There's one from a few
SPEAKER_L: why?
SPEAKER_R: blocks in my place and every time I go to the script, the order. Mhm. That's just the pain and then I have to, I don't feel like taking it back in, they always change it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, it's it's Mcdonald's like there's your you're you're you're doing it for the for the convenience. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Because I just didn't feel like spending time cooking just wants to quick. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's I mean down I mean that if you if you want to eat for under like $5 your options, you got McDonald's you've got subway. That's basically it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I got White Castle out here. There's one like two blocks from my apartment.
SPEAKER_L: I've never I've never been to a physical white castle. I've had the uh I've had like the freezer aisle burgers that they that you can get. But never never never been to an actual what I know is are there white castles on the west coast? I have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: idea.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Yeah I know that there's like a few of michigan because my friend likes him. He lives in Grand rapids and then every time it comes to visit here you know it has to go like castle because they don't have more. He lives yes go Detroit or Chicago. The final. Yeah they're okay. I I don't I don't think it's that great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean like like the burger that had they seen they're they're they're kind of neat but it's not it's not like a real high quality. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's not really on quality burgers.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I most I mostly know White Castle because of the Stoner movies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's for like 24 hours.
SPEAKER_L: Harold and Kumar that was that was Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay. Was was one of those movies that I didn't believe was real for a while. Uh huh. I guess the premise seemed it didn't see it didn't feel like something that you would go to a theater and like sit
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: down and see. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I would probably go to theater and see it. I think Kumar was in house M. D. Um for like a couple of seasons.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think he I I never got big in the house but yeah he he was like one of houses rotating cast of of interns I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He wasn't and then he got a job with the Obama administration and they killed him off stuff like.
SPEAKER_L: I remember that because you because you can't be you can't be on tv and in politics at the same time remember one of one of the law and order guys had they had to stop what he was he was in like congress or something and uh I think maybe they had to stop rerunning his episodes or maybe he just wasn't allowed to make any money off of them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There are certain rules about that. How many pets do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, I I live in uh student apartments, you don't you don't have to be a student to live here, which is good because I'm not one anymore, but there's not really anywhere, it's a good location, it's like writing in downtown and there's not anywhere this cheap uh nearby and uh but but yeah, I had I had a cat when I was a kid, yeah my family had a series of cats, I always kind of wanted a dog, but my parents didn't want a dog and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You have the same as cat. Mhm. Sleeping she wasn't my lap earlier. She's sleeping on the floor. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's that's cats.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My parents had a dog been several dogs think I wanted a dog but it's kind of hard to like by yourself and then take the dog out for walks and.
SPEAKER_L: yeah dogs seem like a lot more dogs, dogs seem like a lot more work and I can I can appreciate that now more more than when I was a kid. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's a lot of work I just don't think I have I don't know time that said take care of the dog and I have to come home from work for lunch to lock the dog even go back to work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean back back before I came to Portland, I lived in band which is more towards central Oregon and I had a, I had a neighbor there who uh like she was moving and she, we were sort of friends and she had a cat and I think she
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: had, she couldn't bring the cat with her for, and I think maybe she was moving in with her boyfriend and he was allergic or something and she asked if I could take the cat and I was like, oh, I would, I would love a cat, but also I can't in good conscience take the cat because like, if you know what if, what if I gotta like rushing to the head or something. Uh huh. You know, I got and like, I gotta pay for that. And also, I don't have a car. So like, I got everywhere in Portland, that's not a huge deal. I can just take public transit is pretty good here, but in in bend, I had to ride my bike everywhere and I was like, I can't, I can't bite this cat to event if it needs to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's kind of difficult take a cat in a bike or something, but it was dry living in a car. But I think if I looked like in Chicago, you probably get their public transportation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I but also now in Portland, you can't powered flight anywhere for free. Like my, my apartment building does not come with parking. Uh, there's a, there's a parking structure a block or two away, but that like, it, it costs money.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. You got to pay extra to park guitar.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, basically, it's, you know, if you, if you, if you own a house, you can park your car in your garage or driveway or whatever. But yeah, like apart apartments don't usually come with with anything that and like I said, I can get, I can get pretty much everywhere by train or by streetcar or by bus. Also, the bus is my least favorite of the three.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's always like in Chicago and I go downtown, you should take the train walk. But then it's too far. Like I took the bus, the bus isn't fun. I'm going to do a couple like surveys or focus groups. I've got to take the boss someplace because it's too far to walk. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: this, I had this internship down in Oregon city which is like I had, I had to get up every morning. It likes The job started at eight and it was like an hour commute. So I had to be up at like 6 30 or
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and every every morning and then I had to get on the train and ride it south until it stopped and then I would have to get on the bus to go the rest of the way and that was just a terrible
SPEAKER_R: This,
SPEAKER_L: way to start every day.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it doesn't sound fun. At least at least the training like Northwest indiana. Um Sometimes it's on time and sometimes it's not. So it's always like once every couple days a month. There's already something about how to translate.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I mean they got they got the schedule screens up here, we'll have a thing that has up expect delays because it's there's a there's a there's a track obstruction or it's really hot out and they can't go as fast when it's really hot out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They have the same thing here. You will get to the train station and say the trains delayed 10 minutes. Mhm. All right. That's always a pain. It's unreliable.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's it's not too bad usually, like it might be, it's usually just a couple of minutes off. What was really bad was when it doesn't snow much out here, but like a couple of years back, it snowed for pretty much a month straight, like all of january I think. And that that really screwed, I've screwed up the public transit because people can't drive in the snow out here because it never happens. And so like the streetcar got to wait half an hour once, and it was because like a car, someone bumped into a parked car and the parked car got pushed into the tracks, so there was just stuck. It's that was something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I remember I took a vacation of Vegas, my family and it was raining and because people in Vegas still want to drive in the rain, all the flights were delayed for the rain even though if the rains like in Minneapolis everyone's fine. But in Vegas the rent screw up the flights because people couldn't make it to the airport and timer or something happened the night before. Like the crew timed out because of the rain or something strange happened, Remember?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. It's okay. It was kind of funny because for the first, like for the first two weeks when it was snowing, nobody drove and it was kind of, you could just like walk down, you could walk down the middle of the street if you wanted, but then it was still snowing but people decided they were going to drive places again. And like any anywhere outside, you can always like see a tow truck or hear tires screeching
SPEAKER_R: If,
SPEAKER_L: or or
SPEAKER_R: hear
SPEAKER_L: something.
SPEAKER_R: them here, it's normal because people know how to drive in the snow, but other places they don't. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It looks like we've been at this for like half an hour.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It looks like okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's time. It's just, it's just 30 minutes. Mhm. But the problem. Mm hmm, mm.
SPEAKER_L: What? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. All right, well you want to wrap this up there? Good, good talking to you, Jason.
SPEAKER_R: That could talk to you the
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: rest.
SPEAKER_L: a good one.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.