Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Uh huh, mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh no. Oh. Uh huh. Me
Hello?
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh,
okay,
mm hmm.
Problem. Uh Yeah, yeah. Mhm
stops working, Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
You Yeah.
is actually my third one of these that I've done.
No, that's that's unfortunate. Uh
Yeah, yeah, I think my first one was in january and then there was one like a month ago and now there's this one.
Yeah, I've never I've never had the other person not turn up, but I'm it, I mean the way you have to do this with the copying from the message is already a little bit of a
of
the pain.
Okay.
Mhm. Yeah,
so I'm I'm James,
I live in Portland Oregon. Mhm,
I'm from California and then I moved to Oregon and then I moved elsewhere in Oregon and now I'm in Portland.
I've been I've been to Seattle a couple of times when I when I moved here, I actually thought I'd be spending more time up there because it's it's there's a there's like a bus you can take but but I I haven't spent that much time there in the end and of course now with everything that's going on, you know, who who knows?
Yeah, I mostly
I uh I
I do freelance programming so I can I can I can work from here at least. But
uh yeah, I mostly I go out for
for groceries and food and that's that's really about it, there's not a whole lot of places to go really
makes sense. Yeah, I mean if you if you have everyone's all clustered together then that's uh then that's not so bad.
Yeah, that's that's that sounds about right. Uh
Mhm.
Thank you.
I mean I I try to do whatever comes whatever, you know, they throw me I started I started it late last year and uh I mean I've got the I've got the it keeps track of the total for you. I'm at like £650,, which is a couple 100 more dollars than that I think. So that's not you know, that's all told. It probably adds up to like one month of rand.
But uh but that's you know, that's not nothing if you're spending it on smaller things.
I I apply I think I applied for mechanical turk like a long time ago and amazon just never got back to me. And I've heard I've heard that's a thing like it can take years or something out of which which seems weird because it's a pretty simple system.
I
did sweat. I tried swag bucks for
a little bit.
But that swag bucks I think works better if you already have money and you're like buying a lot of stuff because the last time there is like oh show us, show us your receipt from the store or you know get 3% back when you shop these categories on amazon, you know if I was already spending that money, if I was already spending money on that stuff then yeah, this would be great. But
but in terms of like the surveys and
stuff.
Yeah. Because I like the prolific priest. You do you do the screening separately because on swag bucks, I was constantly getting bounced out of surveys.
yeah. And it always, it seems like you could get screened out at like any point in those two.
What?
Yeah. Uh huh.
Right.
Like I said I've never I've never gotten into mechanical turk but I remember hearing I remember hearing good things about it but God that was at least like five years ago and I never I never got in so
Oh yeah, that one that's great because before before they implemented that I had I had a phone app that someone had made like an unofficial one that would uh
you know it would, my phone would buzz whenever it whenever there was a survey. And then a few weeks ago uh when I opened it up there was a note from the creator that said like oh they blocked my access.
They
like it was making it was it was requiring logins more often or something and like prolific it effectively shut him out of it. Which I would which I was concerned about. But I guess they did that because they were rolling out their own extension. So I mean as long as I can still, as long as I have to have a better way to keep up with prolific than just like trying to check the tab every
I mean even with the extension sometimes it'll, it'll say there are surveys and then I look and there's nothing but I know sometimes they just, they just go really fast I think.
Oh yeah. Especial. Especially the high paying ones.
No,
there was a few
months
back. There were all these coronavirus ones. I mean that was a, that was, that worked out well, it worked out great monetarily. I mean there's the virus isn't, isn't parade, but uh,
yeah, those, those have mostly dried up, although a couple of them are recurring, but they use like, they used to be weekly and now they're like monthly. But
yeah I think I I think I mean I think I'm in both of those. Yeah the 10 week one was what Mount Sinai? Right. Yeah. Yeah and then there's the other one that's that's still ongoing I think. But yeah now it's like every every month. Mhm.
Right and then and it's
longer now because they added on some stuff about Like protests I think so it's like an extra 20. Yeah that one I mean when it when it rolls around that's that's like that's you know that's $10 for like an hour. That's not
that's
what and I actually I one I got one of the there's the thing with that's the one of the tokens right? Where
you a lot of them and I I actually got one of the £50 bonus payouts from that. So
that is
Yeah I I put like I put somewhere between 10 and 15 and usually.
You know I feel like usually these things discourage you from looking stuff up. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I I used to do like focus groups, not not like online ones but you know where they get you all and uh they get you all in a spare room at the mall or someplace and get talked for three hours about and I'm about an upcoming election or your opinion. Who was the last one? I did it was about it was about hunting I think and like whether we were sort of four or against it and then they talked about like gator farming and is that hunting? How do you feel about you know about that some people want to survive,
et cetera. And and then and then, you know, at the end of it, you've got a couple 100 bucks, but but you can't get a bunch of people in a room like that. Now I ask. Okay.
what what
what?
Yeah. I think the one I o the one I ended up with most of the time was viewpoint. Yeah. Actually
just just before Portland, Portland like lockdown really went into effect. I was I was volunteering. There's this place down here. It's called free geek. And they like help, they basically help people who get computers who maybe
can't afford uh then normally. And they also they run they run a store and they have like a, you know, you can donate stuff and and it's a whole it's the whole thing. And I was going to start volunteering there, but I ended up getting my first shift on the last day that they were taking volunteers before they shut everything down. And one of the guy the guy next to me at the table, I was working out in the warehouse. Uh His his day job, he told me was he was a he worked for viewpoint and he like helped put those focus groups together and at that point, you know, it was like late March and he he was already sort of like furloughed or laid off or something. Because because you couldn't you couldn't get a room full of people together.
I
don't
It's a free
lunch. It's a free Mcdonald's lunch. But
that's
still
I actually haven't been to Mcdonald's
since all this stuff started. I guess there's there's no reason I couldn't go. There's one like a few blocks away, But
why?
Yeah. I mean, it's it's Mcdonald's like there's your you're you're you're doing it for the for the convenience. All right.
Yeah that's I mean down I mean that if you if you want to eat for under like $5 your options, you got McDonald's you've got subway. That's basically it.
I've never I've never been to a physical white castle. I've had the uh I've had like the freezer aisle burgers that they that you can get. But never never never been to an actual what I know is are there white castles on the west coast? I have
no
idea.
Yeah I mean like like the burger that had they seen they're they're they're kind of neat but it's not it's not like a real high quality. Uh
I mean I most I mostly know White Castle because of the Stoner movies.
Harold and Kumar that was that was Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay. Was was one of those movies that I didn't believe was real for a while. Uh huh. I guess the premise seemed it didn't see it didn't feel like something that you would go to a theater and like sit
down and see. Okay.
Yeah I think he I I never got big in the house but yeah he he was like one of houses rotating cast of of interns I think.
I remember that because you because you can't be you can't be on tv and in politics at the same time remember one of one of the law and order guys had they had to stop what he was he was in like congress or something and uh I think maybe they had to stop rerunning his episodes or maybe he just wasn't allowed to make any money off of them.
Uh No, I I live in uh student apartments, you don't you don't have to be a student to live here, which is good because I'm not one anymore, but there's not really anywhere, it's a good location, it's like writing in downtown and there's not anywhere this cheap uh nearby and uh but but yeah, I had I had a cat when I was a kid, yeah my family had a series of cats, I always kind of wanted a dog, but my parents didn't want a dog and uh
that's that's cats.
yeah dogs seem like a lot more dogs, dogs seem like a lot more work and I can I can appreciate that now more more than when I was a kid. Uh
Yeah, I mean back back before I came to Portland, I lived in band which is more towards central Oregon and I had a, I had a neighbor there who uh like she was moving and she, we were sort of friends and she had a cat and I think she
had, she couldn't bring the cat with her for, and I think maybe she was moving in with her boyfriend and he was allergic or something and she asked if I could take the cat and I was like, oh, I would, I would love a cat, but also I can't in good conscience take the cat because like, if you know what if, what if I gotta like rushing to the head or something. Uh huh. You know, I got and like, I gotta pay for that. And also, I don't have a car. So like, I got everywhere in Portland, that's not a huge deal. I can just take public transit is pretty good here, but in in bend, I had to ride my bike everywhere and I was like, I can't, I can't bite this cat to event if it needs to.
Yeah, I mean, I but also now in Portland, you can't powered flight anywhere for free. Like my, my apartment building does not come with parking. Uh, there's a, there's a parking structure a block or two away, but that like, it, it costs money.
Yeah, basically, it's, you know, if you, if you, if you own a house, you can park your car in your garage or driveway or whatever. But yeah, like apart apartments don't usually come with with anything that and like I said, I can get, I can get pretty much everywhere by train or by streetcar or by bus. Also, the bus is my least favorite of the three.
this, I had this internship down in Oregon city which is like I had, I had to get up every morning. It likes The job started at eight and it was like an hour commute. So I had to be up at like 6 30 or
something
and every every morning and then I had to get on the train and ride it south until it stopped and then I would have to get on the bus to go the rest of the way and that was just a terrible
way to start every day.
Oh yeah, I mean they got they got the schedule screens up here, we'll have a thing that has up expect delays because it's there's a there's a there's a track obstruction or it's really hot out and they can't go as fast when it's really hot out.
Yeah, I mean it's it's not too bad usually, like it might be, it's usually just a couple of minutes off. What was really bad was when it doesn't snow much out here, but like a couple of years back, it snowed for pretty much a month straight, like all of january I think. And that that really screwed, I've screwed up the public transit because people can't drive in the snow out here because it never happens. And so like the streetcar got to wait half an hour once, and it was because like a car, someone bumped into a parked car and the parked car got pushed into the tracks, so there was just stuck. It's that was something.
Uh huh. It's okay. It was kind of funny because for the first, like for the first two weeks when it was snowing, nobody drove and it was kind of, you could just like walk down, you could walk down the middle of the street if you wanted, but then it was still snowing but people decided they were going to drive places again. And like any anywhere outside, you can always like see a tow truck or hear tires screeching
or or
something.
It looks like we've been at this for like half an hour.
It's
What? Okay.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. All right, well you want to wrap this up there? Good, good talking to you, Jason.
have
a good one.
But yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay.
Yeah.