no. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh.
Hi. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Get this. Oh no. Yeah,
wow.
Just all the way. Uh huh. Yes,
mm hmm.
Yes.
Can you hear me?
I see. Mhm.
course this
please. Mm mm hmm.
That's the street. Is this your first time doing this? Uh My sister?
This is my 3rd 1. But the first point did partner ever showed up and I reschedule it and then they never showed up again, so.
Mhm. You do. But the last time I did like a month ago a person showed up. Uh huh.
It's yeah, I did the first one january. No one showed up and then to reschedule it and they never show up and kind of pain. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
all
pregnant. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. So
yeah,
I'm Jason live in northwest indiana around the border of Chicago. Yeah.
something way on the west coast. Okay.
Mhm. I've never been to Portland by, been to Seattle and uh like L. A. And san Francisco and san Diego.
yeah. Yeah I used to go to work go to the grocery store, go home or go like Walgreens or something that's about it. Mhm. A lot of things.
Well
mm. Yes.
Yeah I do
definitely.
Yeah I'm here I work in I. T. For a manufacturing company so I there they were still open from the the virus even on the state had shut down. They can the CFO considered an essential business where we stayed open. But I could probably work from home if I wanted. It was decided just easier to go in since there's not a lot of people in the front office I can actually spread out.
Okay that's nice kind of and then we're staggering the hour so there's a lot of people in the front office that aren't there um All the time. Keep us people in the office. Yeah.
You wouldn't want. Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Um you spend a lot of time on prolific. Yeah.
It's
Yeah. Yeah. I start with and turk and then I uh some one of the Reddit forms that look into prolific so I signed up for it and I kind of like it better mentor because there's more, you can actually like interact with requesters and it seems to be more stability I think were prolific. Early supports better than like enter interviews.
By some I'm so
calm
because
it.
Absolutely.
But
dale, I don't pay that much.
Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah. I used to do like survey sites like that and just getting bounced out service. Just the pain Or they would take so much longer. Survey would pay 40 cents and take 20 minutes and I'm like, and I've already committed so long and I might as well finish it. But like the p ramp was so bad. Yeah.
Yeah. I remember like I used to use mid find like a long time ago and I remember I get through a survey, he's thinking at the end and it says the court has been filled. You just got on, they just got all of my data for free. And now I just wasted all this time. And that was something that annoyed me.
Right. Yeah. Sometimes it happens that I'm Turkey take a survey and then it'll crash or something and Uh
huh.
You're screwed or you spend so much time looking for surveys or stuff to do. Yeah. Yeah.
I just find out like on a sunday and like out of the blue, they people were saying that they weren't accepting anyone and then I just got the email like a couple days later that you've been accepted surprised me. Yeah. Yeah. I can't like prolific. It's good. And I had to put the uh put the uh extension on chrome so it actually goes out and finds surveys.
Why?
Back in the
day.
Yeah. Then what happened to me? I think the Tampa completely forget about it. And also I see the number and then I will have to go scramble ago survey. So now give me another vacation. A cash bar.
Yeah. Yeah. I've had wants to say there's like 200 slides open and I have time I get to its full much.
Yeah. Yeah. Penguins go quickly. Did one survey was like a £13 surfing about like uh about like determining biases or like when people misspeak
that was kind of a it was kind of a fun survey. I remember taking
the
world.
Yeah.
Yeah. I signed up for, there was one that lasted for like 10 weeks. I got me that that one and then there's the one that was weekly and biweekly announced once a month.
Yeah, It takes it takes an hour to hour and 10 minutes or something like that,
but
Yeah. It's not
bad.
Yeah.
Remember
I've never won, I just keep changing my strategy. Uh huh. It seems to be random I think.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what I've been doing. I used to put all 20 then I changed it to like 15 because I thought I was wasn't getting as much money if I put more and I switched it. Yeah, I actually did this one on one thing on mechanical turk or is like a prediction thing, like a political prediction thing or I'm going to do. So you have to do like questions about like what do you think the price of oil will be at a certain date? It went on paid like $16 and one for like 35 weeks. Yeah, It took like two hours to do every week. So and then you have to do research to explain how you came up with your answers. That was a fun one.
Well this is they want you to be like a researcher for at least the one I didn't mechanical turk. Mhm. You wouldn't like explain your answers and then they would actually like read your answers. And I guess people were They wanted people spend like an hour and each week but they allowed it like four hours and then people were spending like 20 minutes on it and they were kicking them out because they weren't doing what they should have been doing or it's giving like goofy answers. Yeah. Yeah. But they haven't they didn't have that one this year, had it last year and maybe that the virus kind of affected the team that was sponsoring the survey or something.
What?
I didn't want in Chicago or they you have to watch like a either a news clip or a new show or like a sports thing they want and then they ask you questions about the advertisement. But then the advertisements but then they also like measure your car. Great and your sweat not a sweat. It was kind of went down, went downtown for a day, just go watch a monday night football game. You're talking about the advertisements that there during the game. But well now they did through mobile and didn't pay as much people 120 we went downtown and then they Then the mobile and it paid like 20 bucks. Mhm. I've done some other focus groups like with the Scout and Respondent
I
think that one.
Yeah.
Hello?
Yeah. Mhm. I got some email. They were doing some like a thing in Chicago downtown and so
soulfully
distance. But because I live in in indiana I don't qualify. It's a deal of an Illinois driver's license and I couldn't say yes because they're really indiana give a lot right next to both the border Chicago. Yeah. I did this one task correction. They'll drive to Mcdonald's, go through the drive through and they were timing it or something. Yeah. So I paid for my lunch.
Okay.
You
know
downs lunch. And then they paid me to like take a survey when I thought about the drive in. Guess what? They were testing something with their mobile app. And I wanted to see like if you'd rather order it through the mobile app, then go to the drive thru and or something or something like that. I guess. I think they were comparing like times using the mobile app versus going to the drive through to see how they compared. I think I understand to be the one they sent to the drive through. So um Uh huh. Mhm.
What? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. There's one from a few
blocks in my place and every time I go to the script, the order. Mhm. That's just the pain and then I have to, I don't feel like taking it back in, they always change it.
Because I just didn't feel like spending time cooking just wants to quick. Uh huh.
Yeah I got White Castle out here. There's one like two blocks from my apartment.
I
don't
I don't know. Yeah I know that there's like a few of michigan because my friend likes him. He lives in Grand rapids and then every time it comes to visit here you know it has to go like castle because they don't have more. He lives yes go Detroit or Chicago. The final. Yeah they're okay. I I don't I don't think it's that great. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not really on quality burgers.
Yeah that's for like 24 hours.
No.
I would probably go to theater and see it. I think Kumar was in house M. D. Um for like a couple of seasons.
Yeah. He wasn't and then he got a job with the Obama administration and they killed him off stuff like.
Yeah. There are certain rules about that. How many pets do you have any pets?
Yeah. You have the same as cat. Mhm. Sleeping she wasn't my lap earlier. She's sleeping on the floor. Uh
Yeah. My parents had a dog been several dogs think I wanted a dog but it's kind of hard to like by yourself and then take the dog out for walks and.
Yeah. There's a lot of work I just don't think I have I don't know time that said take care of the dog and I have to come home from work for lunch to lock the dog even go back to work.
It's
Yeah. It's kind of difficult take a cat in a bike or something, but it was dry living in a car. But I think if I looked like in Chicago, you probably get their public transportation.
Yes. You got to pay extra to park guitar.
Yeah. Yeah. It's always like in Chicago and I go downtown, you should take the train walk. But then it's too far. Like I took the bus, the bus isn't fun. I'm going to do a couple like surveys or focus groups. I've got to take the boss someplace because it's too far to walk. Yeah.
Thank
you.
This,
yeah, it doesn't sound fun. At least at least the training like Northwest indiana. Um Sometimes it's on time and sometimes it's not. So it's always like once every couple days a month. There's already something about how to translate.
Yeah. They have the same thing here. You will get to the train station and say the trains delayed 10 minutes. Mhm. All right. That's always a pain. It's unreliable.
Yeah. I remember I took a vacation of Vegas, my family and it was raining and because people in Vegas still want to drive in the rain, all the flights were delayed for the rain even though if the rains like in Minneapolis everyone's fine. But in Vegas the rent screw up the flights because people couldn't make it to the airport and timer or something happened the night before. Like the crew timed out because of the rain or something strange happened, Remember?
If,
hear
them here, it's normal because people know how to drive in the snow, but other places they don't. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It looks like okay.
Yeah. It's time. It's just, it's just 30 minutes. Mhm. But the problem. Mm hmm, mm.
Okay. Mhm. Okay.
Yeah. Okay.
That could talk to you the
rest.
You too. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah.