SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yo
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: um I don't share your sound hold on it might be a me problem. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Bear with me if it is me um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: on audio devices Windows is so terrible. I swear sometimes audio devices what is it not?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It could they could be me to let me say.
SPEAKER_L: with me but with um yeah that's what happened. Okay
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: try saying something. Yeah. Okay
SPEAKER_R: hear me now?
SPEAKER_L: I think I have sound now. Yes. Yes. Okay. No I'm sorry that that's my fault that always happens. I have a microphone that has a headphone jack in it and every time I plug it in it wants to send the sound to the headphone jack but there's nothing plugged in it.
SPEAKER_R: we have similar stuff happened where it's like trying to use my headphone microphone and not The Laptop 1 uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I actually disabled my microphone on my laptop because it's so bad. It just it sounds like you're listening to me underwater like 20,000 leagues under the sea.
SPEAKER_R: helpful effect on rare occasions, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean you know when you're doing that um Sea Adventures role play? Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: that'd do it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: No. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: have you done this chat thing thing before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've actually had one other chat and I've been stood up a bunch of times and I stood one other person up by accident. How about, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have actually done to thus far and both of my people showed up, so
SPEAKER_L: Not if you were lucky, you know, they must have known like this is this is someone special. We got to make us that extra effort.
SPEAKER_R: I'm batting 100 or at an esports but yeah, something three for three at this point,
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's good. I I guess they're getting more people who actually show up.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Yeah, you figured they'd probably have to like, I don't know, there's not really any good way to screen people, what are you gonna do? You're fired? Like
SPEAKER_L: Right? I mean even I kind of ghosted one time, I just forgot to be honest.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, if I didn't put those suckers in my calendar, it would never happen, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I have like a big whiteboard calendar on my wall that I can and should write things on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, put everything into google, because especially with the school you're starting, I've got a lot of things to keep track of. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like if I did it digitally, it would actually work less for me because the moment I pick up any device I'm already gone, I'm not checking my schedule.
SPEAKER_R: fair enough. Yeah, yeah, I kind of miss using my like, analog planner. Um but it just got too much of a hassle. The upkeep two things at once. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I do sometimes use like a digital backup for some things, but I think it's like an 80. HD think we're like if there's too many options for what I could do was like, oh my friends talking to be high. What's this now? I got to check this first. What's the email I forgot my small bill on. Mm
SPEAKER_R: that's it. My dog is looking my laptop, so I was rocking back and forth.
SPEAKER_L: I dog, dogs are great. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's it. Stop it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so you're starting 2020. What's that? Like work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, very, very odd times for everyone. I'm sure school starting as her anti climactic as I will still be sitting in my house, like uh not much will change, but mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like actually 35. So I've been thinking like, you know, people who are, you know, just entering adulthood now, like this has got to be crazy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm wrapping up grad school, so open in the school game for many moons at this point, but
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Uh Yeah, I actually, I know two people who dropped out of art school and one person who finished and let's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: the two
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: people who dropped out. One of them actually had to drop out because it was giving him heart problems and he was gonna like
SPEAKER_R: Would
SPEAKER_L: die
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: back in his twenties.
SPEAKER_R: Really? I sprung for that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And the other was just like after several years I had an epiphany that this was bullshit and left
SPEAKER_R: sure you've had
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: that epiphany
SPEAKER_L: often.
SPEAKER_R: sooner, but yeah, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah and then the one who finished was like it was really hard and I needed a lot
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: of support
SPEAKER_R: do you do?
SPEAKER_L: but I got through it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I can relate to all three options I'd say. Uh from where? Somewhere in the middle there, so yeah, don't hate me. Yeah. Uh This is the first occasion that puppy has decided that sitting on the bed with the laptop means it's time to eat you. Uh Well, I've been trying to do these conversations.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But what can I say on blog food? Mm
SPEAKER_R: that's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh uh No I don't have a cat anymore unfortunately. But I used to have cats and they would like they always want to rub their cheeks on the laptop and I especially love anything that's sticking out of the U. S. B. Port like a flash drive. And they're just like oh I mean like run my head on this flash drive really hard. Like you're breaking it, you're breaking it.
SPEAKER_R: cats are that way. For sure. Yeah, we have four dogs and two cats. That's kind of a menagerie around here. Uh
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's a good luck. I always wouldn't bet this thing that you would like put on the corner of your laptop that would just like stick out a little further than anything in your USB port and be more attractive the cats, but it's nothing they can break
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: for.
SPEAKER_R: I bet there's a market for that.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, are your cats breaking your laptop order now? Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you real problem thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. So we've also been having this heat wave. I know talking about the weather, but what a heatwave. Right. Um No, I can't hear. You know, this might be you. Uh huh. Oh, it's what you say, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's definitely miserable weather wise. Especially because we're like in a drought too, and the rains are just not happening, so, you know, you can't go to a pool cause covid can't
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: go to like,
SPEAKER_L: that happens sort of, so, okay, all the gyms are closed. I'm in new york. They have an open gyms yet. And they said outdoor pools can open, but none of the municipal outdoor pool. Outdoor pools did. And there's an outdoor pool, like two blocks from my house. It's a wonderful pool. You can go swim
SPEAKER_R: 40.
SPEAKER_L: there for a dollar any summer except for this one. And it's just like lying there empty and it's like what gives were cleared, we were cleared to reopen those. There was, there was like an announcement municipal pools can reopen if they want to and they're just like, we don't want to do our jobs this year. So that I found the one the one outdoor pool that was open and it was in a tennis club that it was $600 membership for the summer to use it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: And I was like, I don't think the gyms are going to reopen this year. So I think if I don't take this now, I am not going to be swimming again for the foreseeable future. You know, this is supply and demand. Normally
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I would not pay $600 to use a pool.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: But when
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: only pool you can charge $600. So
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: figured,
SPEAKER_R: Well, hey, is it at least close enough to get to pretty regularly?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It actually is close. I I ride my bike there. It takes about 10 minutes
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: and It's, it's a nice pool. It's, it's like, it's not a $600 fancy pool. It's just like an ordinary outdoor pool, you know, with kids in it and stuff. But all
SPEAKER_R: Hey, you're the man.
SPEAKER_L: words, all their supplies demand. So yeah, I'm going to be enjoying that while it's warm enough to and then I don't know, man.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, I mean, you guys got hit harder than us, but it seems like you're coming out of it better than we are. I'm in Arizona, so we're like in the storm as it were because what?
SPEAKER_L: is going to be a lot worse there too.
SPEAKER_R: Because we're real dumb and we refuse to wear masks and stuff
SPEAKER_L: All right. You know, I think it was around
SPEAKER_R: created.
SPEAKER_L: March. I had an online friend in north Carolina who wasn't taking it seriously yet and I was like, look, I'm in new york, shit is about to get very real for you. You don't know it, you're not paying attention. You think, oh, that's all the way over there. That's what we thought when it was in Italy, it's here, it's happening. So I was like, anything you want to do, they were actually about to move out. I was like, move out now, you're not going to be able to soon? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Uh just started going back to uh work in person and I was like, wow, I've been in my home for four months and I have forgotten how to be a human around other humans. Like I look at people, I'm like, are you a good hand washer? Like looking at people's fingernails and like I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: Suddenly very
SPEAKER_L: been,
SPEAKER_R: just.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just like, you know, if you want to do things the hard way, we're just going to have everything locked down for more for longer and they're just gonna like, make you do it, they're just gonna like come to your house and wash your hands for you, like your to
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're on that track for sure. I don't get it. Yeah. I'm like thir The like K through 12 schools are still online right now but they're trying to have all of the universities go back to in person in the next like week or so. And I'm like How are you going to have like 60,000 people from all over the country come like live together, eat together, swap spit together like
SPEAKER_L: Also, I mean, primarily a group that is 18-22 years old. Are you telling me that they're going to listen to adults, not go to parties? Not all fuck each other.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's going to be horrendous. And I'm like what is it like you know? Okay fine. So they're less likely to die but that doesn't mean that they can't get sick, that they can't give it to other people, that they can't overwhelm the darn hospital like uh
SPEAKER_L: Like the serious cases in younger adults are rare, but I saw someone who is like 20 or something who had to get like a double lung transplant because of COVID and that's like that will affect you for life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and we don't know what the long term effects are. I have a feeling that probably eventually everyone's just going to get it like the flu because we're just letting it run rampant and it's just going to be a thing that happens, but like still ain't trying to get it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, basically, and we also don't know how many times you can get it. So like, okay, I got an antibody test a couple of weeks ago, like late july and it was negative. So apparently I haven't had it, but I'm not completely sure if that's true or not because I was like, really sick in late february and like had lingering symptoms for like a month and maybe that was the flu. Maybe good old influenza kicked my butt. It could be true. Like, influenza can sometimes surprise you. You know, maybe it was influenza plus, you know, just, oh my God, Although like Covid's everywhere, but maybe it wasn't and it's just that, you know, between february and july, I lost my antibodies.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, we're, we're definitely as a country, being a gambling man I'm going to say.
SPEAKER_L: Very much so, very much. I was thinking like when, when you said drought, I was thinking like, is there a drought here? I mean it's probably a drought because we do have farmers in this region. I'm like a little bit of state and you know, maybe they're noticing a drought. I think we've had like a couple of big thunderstorms. So I'm like, there's been some rain, there has been some rain, I think you're in last night, it can't be that dry. And I'm like, oh, Arizona, Oh, you're just, you're, you're running out of water,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, like we usually get uh some pretty intense like monsoon rains that like flood the streets because the ground is all hard so it doesn't suck up the water, you're just like create the river like um and we usually have multiples of that per summer plus things that like freak out people that are from flyover states that we're going to have like a hurricane or something because like trees like blow apart and whatever we've had like three like is somebody spitting on me right? Like rains in the past several months like and that's it. Um Yeah, I thought I was like where is all the rain? And then I started seeing news that like we're in like one of the worst droughts in the last like 100 years or something. We've gotten like operating instead of like 10 is a no brainer. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's been worse every year. I've been, I've been following that, the droughts out west a
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: whole
SPEAKER_R: got we got
SPEAKER_L: ecosystem.
SPEAKER_R: multiple problems, we got pandemic uh climate change, uh
SPEAKER_L: nick, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: racial reckoning. We got problems for days.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Now here it's, it's not the heat. It's the humidity. No, it's the heat and the humidity. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Can't sweat your own sweat.
SPEAKER_L: No, you can't. It's like multiple times when I go out to do any kind of exercise. Like I just wear a swimsuit because I know where this is going. Like when I'm not going to the pool, I still just wear swimsuit. It's like, this is where, this is where it's going to be. Like, I'll just be soaking wet. I'll look like someone turned the hose on me. It's just all wet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a, you know, we could use some of that at the moment. But
SPEAKER_L: Well it's not raining. It's not rain. It's just the, in the air, it's like a rain that doesn't fall.
SPEAKER_R: usually that's how monsoon season is that like you feel like you're in like uh I don't know like somebody's like microwaving you with a cup of water or something
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: like and you
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: I like to call it, sweetens armpit. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: they're just praying for the rain to just cut and you're like it's humid as hell has to rain, but now it's like it's 108° there are no clouds, it is dry, dry, dry rain is not going to happen like. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah there's there's problems everywhere. Man. What you uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: not not all of Arizona is this way we have like mountains and stuff. Uh huh. But not where I'm at is just straight desert.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've, I've been through parts of the west, but I actually haven't been that far south. I've been the desert in like Utah and Idaho in that region.
SPEAKER_R: we've got more variety of our plants and stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: hmm. At this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean the Sonoran desert is one of the most biodiverse places in the world. It's just also hottest hill.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was thinking like you were saying 100 and eight and I'm like, I don't think it's been 100 and eight here. I mean I like we have a high heat index because of the humidity. So I'm just, I'm just gonna pound that drum of the victim complex of how bad it is here that we haven't had 108.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know and it's like I think especially combined with like trying to be quarantining and having things shut down like it's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: getting very claustrophobic because like you can't even like go outside to do stuff because it's just too hot and like usually like you just shift to being a person that like wake us up really early and goes outside or goes outside in the middle of the night but like It's still like 90° in the middle of the night right now, like it's just there's no escape, you must stay in your home and just hunker, you gotta hunker.
SPEAKER_L: No, I, well there's a will, there's a way, I mean I haven't had 108, but what like the crazy stuff I've done, I've taken like, you know those ice packs, like for if you have sore muscles or something and just like strapped it to my head and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: gone for one and they have, you know those fans that you haven't gotten them? But I would where you like put them on your shoulders and they just like blow on your face and you just have a band with you everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm all for different strategies. Like I worked at summer camp, like my first job was a summer camp in Tucson in the daytime like with seven year olds and we had to you know keep them from dying in the and
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: so I'm like if you drink a lot of water you can let your own sweat and that cools you down a lot because it's not always good. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Alright. Actually have one of those like hydration packs for bikers and I totally use that when I'm outside. That works.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a big bonus. The problem is if our dogs are very heat sensitive and like especially the biggest one we call them Death March doughnut because like he just starts walking like you're trying to kill him and he's just going to lay down in any shade patch even if it's like on a cactus, like You can drag him, he doesn't care, but
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: he does not, if it's like over like 82 out, he's just not built for this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's I mean I think that dog speaks for us all, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean the other one, the other ones can hang better, but maybe he needs, he needs a little ice jacket or something.
SPEAKER_L: And then, you know, just like I I don't know how sick is for is but just like shave them.
SPEAKER_R: He I think that's maybe part of his problem is he like doesn't really have hair, like maybe he's just not insulated and so he has to do all of his like panting and dripping and he gets dehydrated and I don't know, he's
SPEAKER_L: That actually makes sense because I think the firm does also give them some sun protection and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a wimp. So what I'm gonna say?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I mean dogs and cats don't sweat on like most of their skin. So I think like we think for would be really hot but that's because we would be sweating. But they're not sweating in those areas. They're just sweating on their pads and their tongues.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah and if the ground is like a bazillion degrees that's not helpful and
SPEAKER_L: New studies available on prolific. There are no new studies available and prolific. Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: uh that's but uh like at at on or something,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's that's how we get them.
SPEAKER_R: it's nice that the that it does the like audio cue so that you can check it out. I have like two screens when I'm sitting at my desk and I usually just have one with prolific open so I'll see if something happens over there. But
SPEAKER_L: that's a good way of doing it now. I like it with the audio because if I'm doing something like, you know, cleaning or something, I can just like dive for it. I feel like I'll get it. I'll get that that one of those three places. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: When did you start doing prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think late last year. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I found it when I was actually looking for a way to like administer a study um and then I got furloughed because of covid and I was like, hey
SPEAKER_L: And then you get the lab rat.
SPEAKER_R: yeah give me money. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: I actually got really into like finding streams of online income late last year and I didn't know how useful that would be in the coming months. I started
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: from home,
SPEAKER_L: probably around like september october 2019. So it was before any covid things. I was just like, oh, you know, this is a cool thing to start getting into and have you ever heard of reb Okay.
SPEAKER_R: is that one of the like transcription things? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I made a grab account and I was doing that like on and off a little bit and then when Covid hit like everyone wanted to have a count because so many people were just furloughed or unemployed or unable to work for whatever reason we just needed more money and like they stopped letting people in and
SPEAKER_R: helps
SPEAKER_L: I was,
SPEAKER_R: to be on the, on the bus early, like it is.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I was like if I, you know, just realized now I needed to get in here, I couldn't, they actually had a notice up that they were like not letting a lot of people into like protect the jobs to the people they already had. And even so when it hit, like normally there's a queue of like a whole bunch of projects and you can just kind of look through and be like, yeah, I don't like this one. I don't like that. I know this one's all right, I'll take it, you know, or whatever and be picky. Yeah, there were none. The key was just And then one would appear and then you would have to like, you had to grab it because someone else would in the next five seconds and it didn't matter if you know, you're like, I can't understand this person's Australian accent. You had to do it.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah, That happens sometimes, but just with like the prolific things where I'm like, Oh, I didn't realize this was freaking 40 minutes or whatever. Like I was clicked it.
SPEAKER_L: I I like when it's 40 minutes unless I'm like about to run out the door then I'm like, fuck. But you know like it because it's more pay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's a helpful thing. I finally got like a mturk account approved, but I'm like, this is like a penny. Like I'm not doing this shit like
SPEAKER_L: I can't get into mturk. I did it years ago when some other accounts or something like look story short allergies. Like I I lived in Canada. I had some account there but then I found out that they only pay you in like amazon credit in Canada and not money and this was like 2010 or something. And I'm like I don't care about amazon credit, I don't I don't want their you know monopoly money so I'm not doing it. Um
SPEAKER_R: not really money in a new sense. Uh
SPEAKER_L: good on. But I'm not Canadian, I'm american but they have like different rules and now I'm like back in the U. S. So you know I'm like okay I want like a real account where they pay you cash and I don't know if it has anything to do with my old account but they just say like they can't verify my identity. And I've called support like a million zillion times and they won't let me in
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They weird that way. I suppose. I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: ocean.
SPEAKER_R: they can, they can be choosy if they want to because very, I am fine.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: don't know. One of the support people I talked to was like, Oh I see what went wrong. This is just like, you know some robot made some mistake. It just needed a human to look at it. I'll get it fixed right away. And I was like awesome. You know, this is just what I needed. And then within 12 hours I get the same form email I keep getting about, you know how we can't verify your identity and you cannot transact at this time. I'm like, God damn it.
SPEAKER_R: you lost the human and the robot took over again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: Oh man. Yeah. Well, you know, in fact that grind. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, but I did do like that week or two of em turk. I've heard that mturk is mostly surveys now which is funny because it wasn't then like it's weird to like everything is surveys now, but like I've done surveys on other sites and I just, I don't want to waste my time with the ones that disqualify you like, you know, sorry, you're the wrong age groups are, you're the wrong whatever, sorry, you don't wear the brand of lipstick. We want to research, I don't wear any lipstick, whatever, you know? And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've had a similar experience and that's why I like prolific a it pays way better than all of the other ones and be like they're usually academic surveys and studies instead of like consumer research or whatever. So they tend to be more interesting. Uh And yeah, it doesn't sometimes I'll get something where it will say like my VPN is in the wrong place or some crap and I can't do like
SPEAKER_L: I've seen a couple with a VPN, I just don't use a VPN so they let me in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you know. Well I think I think it's uh nice to get these little little gigs. Ah
SPEAKER_L: And some of the market research, like if you're well matched or something that's actually interesting. It's actually not bad like um I got some market research like I actually got a couple ones on different like Star Trek things that they were developing. Like one was a video game and one was that new cartoon which I actually want to watch. Um It just came out the lower decks. I haven't seen it yet.
SPEAKER_R: we have watched um Next Generation and we're watching Deep Space Nine right now, but we haven't watched the old ones or the newer ones.
SPEAKER_L: Ah yeah lower decks is like, it's a cartoon by like one of the people who made rick and morty
SPEAKER_R: Next
SPEAKER_L: and I think it's set in the same time era as TNG and DS nine and it's kind of like by someone who is a fan of that are which I like TNG
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is my favorite which is I know unpopular opinion but I like it. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely liked it. I am excited to watch the card at some point. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: You have.
SPEAKER_L: was excited to, I saw the Orkin encouragement or one of them was involved and I was like oh God they ruin everything in star trek priest. And then I also got a spoiler on some site that I won't tell you what it was because I won't you know, do to you what they did to me. But they used the word spoiler in brackets in a sentence where the rest of the sentence as a star trek fan told me exactly what the spoiler was,
SPEAKER_R: What losers?
SPEAKER_L: right. I'm like, I
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: the kids?
SPEAKER_L: you know what you just told me. Ah you ruined it.
SPEAKER_R: it's like that's that's supposed to come away in advance spoiler so I can be like don't forget and
SPEAKER_L: Well, they just basically redacted one word, but if you knew enough about the universe and the other things that have been made, you wouldn't know what that one word has to be. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what Demi
SPEAKER_L: I can't see anymore without doing the same thing they did and making you know what that word was.
SPEAKER_R: thanks for that. I appreciate yeah, there's still lots of lots of star trek stuff to see, which is nice because it's always kind of sad to like finish a series of like tv or book or whatever and you're like oh but it's over, what what do I do with myself now? Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've been meaning
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: catch
SPEAKER_R: is?
SPEAKER_L: up on Discovery. I watched like the first half season and then they went on hiatus for a few months and I didn't pick it up again when it did, even though like I had some problems with it, I was like okay, I'm not sure about this part, but some parts were interesting. I like the characters.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get frustrated like Deep Space nine is in like we're in a season of it where more and more like yeah, I don't know like kind of like relationship be drama is happening like you must be
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: hear
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: this. I would do this in the nineties as it was coming out live and I can't talk about this with anyone because everyone else is like on the kool aid that the later seasons of Deep Space nine are the best thing ever made and I just don't agree. I like the earlier seasons and it took a couple of plot turns I didn't like and then it got all the weird relationships that just like they were not good together. And also this is really petty but like the bit where Worf and Dax hook up and he like breaks most of her bones consensually. Like not only was that kind of weird because it's hard to imagine like consensual bone shattering, but dwarfs a sub check your cannon, like
SPEAKER_R: It seems like it kind of you know like pushes a narrative that seems a little anti star trek in some way like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like no, because they're like Oakley non sexist or rough. It's like, yeah, cling on. Sex is traditionally rough. The female is traditionally rough. Worf talks about this is like season two or something of TNG where he is just like going on and on to recur about how cling on courtship is, where the man recites love poetry and the woman foes furniture at him. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: What? Well? Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: And he seemed into it like, I don't even know if that was supposed to be true about Klingons, but I think it was true about Worf.
SPEAKER_R: There were one way or the other. Right? Oh man. Yeah. Thanks things to look forward to you I suppose. I don't know man. Oh well I have to finish up this whatever questions they have for me after this because I have a meeting on the hour so and
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: to go to the pool. That was $600 and I gotta get my money's with.
SPEAKER_R: get them lasted.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It was great talking to you.