Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yo
um I don't share your sound hold on it might be a me problem. Um
Bear with me if it is me um
on audio devices Windows is so terrible. I swear sometimes audio devices what is it not?
with me but with um yeah that's what happened. Okay
try saying something. Yeah. Okay
I think I have sound now. Yes. Yes. Okay. No I'm sorry that that's my fault that always happens. I have a microphone that has a headphone jack in it and every time I plug it in it wants to send the sound to the headphone jack but there's nothing plugged in it.
Yeah I actually disabled my microphone on my laptop because it's so bad. It just it sounds like you're listening to me underwater like 20,000 leagues under the sea.
Yeah I mean you know when you're doing that um Sea Adventures role play? Oh
well
No. Mhm.
Yeah I've actually had one other chat and I've been stood up a bunch of times and I stood one other person up by accident. How about, you know?
Not if you were lucky, you know, they must have known like this is this is someone special. We got to make us that extra effort.
That's good. That's good. I I guess they're getting more people who actually show up.
Right? I mean even I kind of ghosted one time, I just forgot to be honest.
Yeah, no, I have like a big whiteboard calendar on my wall that I can and should write things on.
Yeah. I feel like if I did it digitally, it would actually work less for me because the moment I pick up any device I'm already gone, I'm not checking my schedule.
I mean I do sometimes use like a digital backup for some things, but I think it's like an 80. HD think we're like if there's too many options for what I could do was like, oh my friends talking to be high. What's this now? I got to check this first. What's the email I forgot my small bill on. Mm
I dog, dogs are great. Mm hmm.
Okay.
mm
Oh, so you're starting 2020. What's that? Like work? Yeah.
Yeah, I'm like actually 35. So I've been thinking like, you know, people who are, you know, just entering adulthood now, like this has got to be crazy. Mhm.
Oh
yeah. Uh Yeah, I actually, I know two people who dropped out of art school and one person who finished and let's
see
the two
people who dropped out. One of them actually had to drop out because it was giving him heart problems and he was gonna like
die
back in his twenties.
And the other was just like after several years I had an epiphany that this was bullshit and left
is
often.
yeah and then the one who finished was like it was really hard and I needed a lot
of support
but I got through it.
Yeah. But what can I say on blog food? Mm
uh uh No I don't have a cat anymore unfortunately. But I used to have cats and they would like they always want to rub their cheeks on the laptop and I especially love anything that's sticking out of the U. S. B. Port like a flash drive. And they're just like oh I mean like run my head on this flash drive really hard. Like you're breaking it, you're breaking it.
That's good. That's a good luck. I always wouldn't bet this thing that you would like put on the corner of your laptop that would just like stick out a little further than anything in your USB port and be more attractive the cats, but it's nothing they can break
for.
It's like, are your cats breaking your laptop order now? Mhm. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. So we've also been having this heat wave. I know talking about the weather, but what a heatwave. Right. Um No, I can't hear. You know, this might be you. Uh huh. Oh, it's what you say, I'm sorry.
See
that happens sort of, so, okay, all the gyms are closed. I'm in new york. They have an open gyms yet. And they said outdoor pools can open, but none of the municipal outdoor pool. Outdoor pools did. And there's an outdoor pool, like two blocks from my house. It's a wonderful pool. You can go swim
there for a dollar any summer except for this one. And it's just like lying there empty and it's like what gives were cleared, we were cleared to reopen those. There was, there was like an announcement municipal pools can reopen if they want to and they're just like, we don't want to do our jobs this year. So that I found the one the one outdoor pool that was open and it was in a tennis club that it was $600 membership for the summer to use it.
And I was like, I don't think the gyms are going to reopen this year. So I think if I don't take this now, I am not going to be swimming again for the foreseeable future. You know, this is supply and demand. Normally
I would not pay $600 to use a pool.
But when
it is
the
only pool you can charge $600. So
I
figured,
Yeah. Yeah. It actually is close. I I ride my bike there. It takes about 10 minutes
and It's, it's a nice pool. It's, it's like, it's not a $600 fancy pool. It's just like an ordinary outdoor pool, you know, with kids in it and stuff. But all
words, all their supplies demand. So yeah, I'm going to be enjoying that while it's warm enough to and then I don't know, man.
is going to be a lot worse there too.
All right. You know, I think it was around
March. I had an online friend in north Carolina who wasn't taking it seriously yet and I was like, look, I'm in new york, shit is about to get very real for you. You don't know it, you're not paying attention. You think, oh, that's all the way over there. That's what we thought when it was in Italy, it's here, it's happening. So I was like, anything you want to do, they were actually about to move out. I was like, move out now, you're not going to be able to soon? Uh huh.
I've
been,
I'm just like, you know, if you want to do things the hard way, we're just going to have everything locked down for more for longer and they're just gonna like, make you do it, they're just gonna like come to your house and wash your hands for you, like your to
Also, I mean, primarily a group that is 18-22 years old. Are you telling me that they're going to listen to adults, not go to parties? Not all fuck each other.
Like the serious cases in younger adults are rare, but I saw someone who is like 20 or something who had to get like a double lung transplant because of COVID and that's like that will affect you for life.
Yeah, I mean, basically, and we also don't know how many times you can get it. So like, okay, I got an antibody test a couple of weeks ago, like late july and it was negative. So apparently I haven't had it, but I'm not completely sure if that's true or not because I was like, really sick in late february and like had lingering symptoms for like a month and maybe that was the flu. Maybe good old influenza kicked my butt. It could be true. Like, influenza can sometimes surprise you. You know, maybe it was influenza plus, you know, just, oh my God, Although like Covid's everywhere, but maybe it wasn't and it's just that, you know, between february and july, I lost my antibodies.
Very much so, very much. I was thinking like when, when you said drought, I was thinking like, is there a drought here? I mean it's probably a drought because we do have farmers in this region. I'm like a little bit of state and you know, maybe they're noticing a drought. I think we've had like a couple of big thunderstorms. So I'm like, there's been some rain, there has been some rain, I think you're in last night, it can't be that dry. And I'm like, oh, Arizona, Oh, you're just, you're, you're running out of water,
Yeah, that's that's been worse every year. I've been, I've been following that, the droughts out west a
whole
ecosystem.
nick, yeah,
Oh yeah. Now here it's, it's not the heat. It's the humidity. No, it's the heat and the humidity. Mm
No, you can't. It's like multiple times when I go out to do any kind of exercise. Like I just wear a swimsuit because I know where this is going. Like when I'm not going to the pool, I still just wear swimsuit. It's like, this is where, this is where it's going to be. Like, I'll just be soaking wet. I'll look like someone turned the hose on me. It's just all wet.
Well it's not raining. It's not rain. It's just the, in the air, it's like a rain that doesn't fall.
Or
as
I like to call it, sweetens armpit. Okay.
man.
Oh.
Yeah, I've, I've been through parts of the west, but I actually haven't been that far south. I've been the desert in like Utah and Idaho in that region.
hmm. At this.
Yeah, I was thinking like you were saying 100 and eight and I'm like, I don't think it's been 100 and eight here. I mean I like we have a high heat index because of the humidity. So I'm just, I'm just gonna pound that drum of the victim complex of how bad it is here that we haven't had 108.
No.
No, I, well there's a will, there's a way, I mean I haven't had 108, but what like the crazy stuff I've done, I've taken like, you know those ice packs, like for if you have sore muscles or something and just like strapped it to my head and
gone for one and they have, you know those fans that you haven't gotten them? But I would where you like put them on your shoulders and they just like blow on your face and you just have a band with you everywhere.
Just
Alright. Actually have one of those like hydration packs for bikers and I totally use that when I'm outside. That works.
What?
Yeah, that's I mean I think that dog speaks for us all, wow.
And then, you know, just like I I don't know how sick is for is but just like shave them.
That actually makes sense because I think the firm does also give them some sun protection and stuff.
Yeah. Because I mean dogs and cats don't sweat on like most of their skin. So I think like we think for would be really hot but that's because we would be sweating. But they're not sweating in those areas. They're just sweating on their pads and their tongues.
New studies available on prolific. There are no new studies available and prolific. Sorry about that.
Yeah. Yeah. That's that's how we get them.
that's a good way of doing it now. I like it with the audio because if I'm doing something like, you know, cleaning or something, I can just like dive for it. I feel like I'll get it. I'll get that that one of those three places. Uh huh.
Um I think late last year. Mhm.
And then you get the lab rat.
I actually got really into like finding streams of online income late last year and I didn't know how useful that would be in the coming months. I started
getting
probably around like september october 2019. So it was before any covid things. I was just like, oh, you know, this is a cool thing to start getting into and have you ever heard of reb Okay.
Yeah. So I made a grab account and I was doing that like on and off a little bit and then when Covid hit like everyone wanted to have a count because so many people were just furloughed or unemployed or unable to work for whatever reason we just needed more money and like they stopped letting people in and
I was,
Oh yeah, I was like if I, you know, just realized now I needed to get in here, I couldn't, they actually had a notice up that they were like not letting a lot of people into like protect the jobs to the people they already had. And even so when it hit, like normally there's a queue of like a whole bunch of projects and you can just kind of look through and be like, yeah, I don't like this one. I don't like that. I know this one's all right, I'll take it, you know, or whatever and be picky. Yeah, there were none. The key was just And then one would appear and then you would have to like, you had to grab it because someone else would in the next five seconds and it didn't matter if you know, you're like, I can't understand this person's Australian accent. You had to do it.
I I like when it's 40 minutes unless I'm like about to run out the door then I'm like, fuck. But you know like it because it's more pay.
I can't get into mturk. I did it years ago when some other accounts or something like look story short allergies. Like I I lived in Canada. I had some account there but then I found out that they only pay you in like amazon credit in Canada and not money and this was like 2010 or something. And I'm like I don't care about amazon credit, I don't I don't want their you know monopoly money so I'm not doing it. Um
good on. But I'm not Canadian, I'm american but they have like different rules and now I'm like back in the U. S. So you know I'm like okay I want like a real account where they pay you cash and I don't know if it has anything to do with my old account but they just say like they can't verify my identity. And I've called support like a million zillion times and they won't let me in
ocean.
I
don't know. One of the support people I talked to was like, Oh I see what went wrong. This is just like, you know some robot made some mistake. It just needed a human to look at it. I'll get it fixed right away. And I was like awesome. You know, this is just what I needed. And then within 12 hours I get the same form email I keep getting about, you know how we can't verify your identity and you cannot transact at this time. I'm like, God damn it.
mm
Yeah. I mean, but I did do like that week or two of em turk. I've heard that mturk is mostly surveys now which is funny because it wasn't then like it's weird to like everything is surveys now, but like I've done surveys on other sites and I just, I don't want to waste my time with the ones that disqualify you like, you know, sorry, you're the wrong age groups are, you're the wrong whatever, sorry, you don't wear the brand of lipstick. We want to research, I don't wear any lipstick, whatever, you know? And
I've seen a couple with a VPN, I just don't use a VPN so they let me in.
And some of the market research, like if you're well matched or something that's actually interesting. It's actually not bad like um I got some market research like I actually got a couple ones on different like Star Trek things that they were developing. Like one was a video game and one was that new cartoon which I actually want to watch. Um It just came out the lower decks. I haven't seen it yet.
Ah yeah lower decks is like, it's a cartoon by like one of the people who made rick and morty
and I think it's set in the same time era as TNG and DS nine and it's kind of like by someone who is a fan of that are which I like TNG
is my favorite which is I know unpopular opinion but I like it. Oh
I
was excited to, I saw the Orkin encouragement or one of them was involved and I was like oh God they ruin everything in star trek priest. And then I also got a spoiler on some site that I won't tell you what it was because I won't you know, do to you what they did to me. But they used the word spoiler in brackets in a sentence where the rest of the sentence as a star trek fan told me exactly what the spoiler was,
right. I'm like, I
know
what,
you know what you just told me. Ah you ruined it.
Well, they just basically redacted one word, but if you knew enough about the universe and the other things that have been made, you wouldn't know what that one word has to be. Mhm.
I can't see anymore without doing the same thing they did and making you know what that word was.
Yeah. I've been meaning
to
catch
up on Discovery. I watched like the first half season and then they went on hiatus for a few months and I didn't pick it up again when it did, even though like I had some problems with it, I was like okay, I'm not sure about this part, but some parts were interesting. I like the characters.
would
hear
this. I would do this in the nineties as it was coming out live and I can't talk about this with anyone because everyone else is like on the kool aid that the later seasons of Deep Space nine are the best thing ever made and I just don't agree. I like the earlier seasons and it took a couple of plot turns I didn't like and then it got all the weird relationships that just like they were not good together. And also this is really petty but like the bit where Worf and Dax hook up and he like breaks most of her bones consensually. Like not only was that kind of weird because it's hard to imagine like consensual bone shattering, but dwarfs a sub check your cannon, like
Yeah. And like no, because they're like Oakley non sexist or rough. It's like, yeah, cling on. Sex is traditionally rough. The female is traditionally rough. Worf talks about this is like season two or something of TNG where he is just like going on and on to recur about how cling on courtship is, where the man recites love poetry and the woman foes furniture at him. Oh.
And he seemed into it like, I don't even know if that was supposed to be true about Klingons, but I think it was true about Worf.
I have
to go to the pool. That was $600 and I gotta get my money's with.
All right. It was great talking to you.