Hello?
Mhm.
huh.
Okay. It could they could be me to let me say.
you
hear me now?
we have similar stuff happened where it's like trying to use my headphone microphone and not The Laptop 1 uh
helpful effect on rare occasions, but
yeah,
that'd do it. Uh huh.
have you done this chat thing thing before?
Um I have actually done to thus far and both of my people showed up, so
I'm batting 100 or at an esports but yeah, something three for three at this point,
that's good. Yeah, you figured they'd probably have to like, I don't know, there's not really any good way to screen people, what are you gonna do? You're fired? Like
yeah, if I didn't put those suckers in my calendar, it would never happen, yep.
yeah, put everything into google, because especially with the school you're starting, I've got a lot of things to keep track of. Oh,
fair enough. Yeah, yeah, I kind of miss using my like, analog planner. Um but it just got too much of a hassle. The upkeep two things at once. Yeah,
that's it. My dog is looking my laptop, so I was rocking back and forth.
Uh
that's it. Stop it. Mhm.
Yeah,
You know, very, very odd times for everyone. I'm sure school starting as her anti climactic as I will still be sitting in my house, like uh not much will change, but mhm.
yeah,
yeah, I'm wrapping up grad school, so open in the school game for many moons at this point, but
it's
like
you
Would
you
Really? I sprung for that? Yeah.
sure you've had
that epiphany
sooner, but yeah, Yeah,
What
do you do?
Yeah. Yeah, I can relate to all three options I'd say. Uh from where? Somewhere in the middle there, so yeah, don't hate me. Yeah. Uh This is the first occasion that puppy has decided that sitting on the bed with the laptop means it's time to eat you. Uh Well, I've been trying to do these conversations.
that's Yeah.
cats are that way. For sure. Yeah, we have four dogs and two cats. That's kind of a menagerie around here. Uh
But
I bet there's a market for that.
you real problem thing.
Uh it's definitely miserable weather wise. Especially because we're like in a drought too, and the rains are just not happening, so, you know, you can't go to a pool cause covid can't
go to like,
40.
Oh my gosh.
What?
Thank
you
very
much.
I don't
think.
Well, hey, is it at least close enough to get to pretty regularly?
Thanks.
Hey, you're the man.
Hey, I mean, you guys got hit harder than us, but it seems like you're coming out of it better than we are. I'm in Arizona, so we're like in the storm as it were because what?
Because we're real dumb and we refuse to wear masks and stuff
created.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh just started going back to uh work in person and I was like, wow, I've been in my home for four months and I have forgotten how to be a human around other humans. Like I look at people, I'm like, are you a good hand washer? Like looking at people's fingernails and like I don't know.
Suddenly very
just.
yeah, we're on that track for sure. I don't get it. Yeah. I'm like thir The like K through 12 schools are still online right now but they're trying to have all of the universities go back to in person in the next like week or so. And I'm like How are you going to have like 60,000 people from all over the country come like live together, eat together, swap spit together like
Yeah it's going to be horrendous. And I'm like what is it like you know? Okay fine. So they're less likely to die but that doesn't mean that they can't get sick, that they can't give it to other people, that they can't overwhelm the darn hospital like uh
Yeah and we don't know what the long term effects are. I have a feeling that probably eventually everyone's just going to get it like the flu because we're just letting it run rampant and it's just going to be a thing that happens, but like still ain't trying to get it.
yep. Yeah, we're, we're definitely as a country, being a gambling man I'm going to say.
Oh yeah, like we usually get uh some pretty intense like monsoon rains that like flood the streets because the ground is all hard so it doesn't suck up the water, you're just like create the river like um and we usually have multiples of that per summer plus things that like freak out people that are from flyover states that we're going to have like a hurricane or something because like trees like blow apart and whatever we've had like three like is somebody spitting on me right? Like rains in the past several months like and that's it. Um Yeah, I thought I was like where is all the rain? And then I started seeing news that like we're in like one of the worst droughts in the last like 100 years or something. We've gotten like operating instead of like 10 is a no brainer. Um
we
got we got
multiple problems, we got pandemic uh climate change, uh
racial reckoning. We got problems for days.
Can't sweat your own sweat.
Yeah, it's a, you know, we could use some of that at the moment. But
usually that's how monsoon season is that like you feel like you're in like uh I don't know like somebody's like microwaving you with a cup of water or something
like and you
just
they're just praying for the rain to just cut and you're like it's humid as hell has to rain, but now it's like it's 108° there are no clouds, it is dry, dry, dry rain is not going to happen like. Mhm.
So yeah there's there's problems everywhere. Man. What you uh
not not all of Arizona is this way we have like mountains and stuff. Uh huh. But not where I'm at is just straight desert.
we've got more variety of our plants and stuff. Um
Yeah, I mean the Sonoran desert is one of the most biodiverse places in the world. It's just also hottest hill.
Yeah. I know and it's like I think especially combined with like trying to be quarantining and having things shut down like it's
getting very claustrophobic because like you can't even like go outside to do stuff because it's just too hot and like usually like you just shift to being a person that like wake us up really early and goes outside or goes outside in the middle of the night but like It's still like 90° in the middle of the night right now, like it's just there's no escape, you must stay in your home and just hunker, you gotta hunker.
What?
Yeah I'm all for different strategies. Like I worked at summer camp, like my first job was a summer camp in Tucson in the daytime like with seven year olds and we had to you know keep them from dying in the and
so I'm like if you drink a lot of water you can let your own sweat and that cools you down a lot because it's not always good. Uh
Yeah, that's a big bonus. The problem is if our dogs are very heat sensitive and like especially the biggest one we call them Death March doughnut because like he just starts walking like you're trying to kill him and he's just going to lay down in any shade patch even if it's like on a cactus, like You can drag him, he doesn't care, but
he does not, if it's like over like 82 out, he's just not built for this.
Yeah, I mean the other one, the other ones can hang better, but maybe he needs, he needs a little ice jacket or something.
He I think that's maybe part of his problem is he like doesn't really have hair, like maybe he's just not insulated and so he has to do all of his like panting and dripping and he gets dehydrated and I don't know, he's
Yeah, a wimp. So what I'm gonna say?
yep. Yeah and if the ground is like a bazillion degrees that's not helpful and
uh that's but uh like at at on or something,
it's nice that the that it does the like audio cue so that you can check it out. I have like two screens when I'm sitting at my desk and I usually just have one with prolific open so I'll see if something happens over there. But
When did you start doing prolific?
I found it when I was actually looking for a way to like administer a study um and then I got furloughed because of covid and I was like, hey
yeah give me money. Yeah. So
what
from home,
is that one of the like transcription things? Yeah.
helps
to be on the, on the bus early, like it is.
All right. Yeah, That happens sometimes, but just with like the prolific things where I'm like, Oh, I didn't realize this was freaking 40 minutes or whatever. Like I was clicked it.
Yeah, that's that's a helpful thing. I finally got like a mturk account approved, but I'm like, this is like a penny. Like I'm not doing this shit like
not really money in a new sense. Uh
Yeah. They weird that way. I suppose. I'm sure
they can, they can be choosy if they want to because very, I am fine.
No.
you lost the human and the robot took over again. Yeah.
Oh man. Yeah. Well, you know, in fact that grind. Yeah.
Yeah. I've had a similar experience and that's why I like prolific a it pays way better than all of the other ones and be like they're usually academic surveys and studies instead of like consumer research or whatever. So they tend to be more interesting. Uh And yeah, it doesn't sometimes I'll get something where it will say like my VPN is in the wrong place or some crap and I can't do like
Yeah. So you know. Well I think I think it's uh nice to get these little little gigs. Ah
we have watched um Next Generation and we're watching Deep Space Nine right now, but we haven't watched the old ones or the newer ones.
Next
What?
Yeah, I definitely liked it. I am excited to watch the card at some point. Uh
You have.
What losers?
What
about
the kids?
it's like that's that's supposed to come away in advance spoiler so I can be like don't forget and
what Demi
thanks for that. I appreciate yeah, there's still lots of lots of star trek stuff to see, which is nice because it's always kind of sad to like finish a series of like tv or book or whatever and you're like oh but it's over, what what do I do with myself now? Like
what
this
is?
Yeah, I get frustrated like Deep Space nine is in like we're in a season of it where more and more like yeah, I don't know like kind of like relationship be drama is happening like you must be
this
way.
It seems like it kind of you know like pushes a narrative that seems a little anti star trek in some way like.
What? Well? Uh huh
There were one way or the other. Right? Oh man. Yeah. Thanks things to look forward to you I suppose. I don't know man. Oh well I have to finish up this whatever questions they have for me after this because I have a meeting on the hour so and
with
get them lasted.