SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: hello,
SPEAKER_L: you There we go.
SPEAKER_R: you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear me all right. Hi, what's your name on charlotte?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Jackson.
SPEAKER_L: I just mean thanks for showing up. I did one before and nobody showed up, so I think I've done one with a real person. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I figured that was probably a fairly likely scenario.
SPEAKER_L: anyways
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: hey, we'll get the money. Yeah, so hang on, let me just check the time. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, especially
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: for like 25 minutes. Okay. Cool. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, did you do one of these before? Like
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: random?
SPEAKER_R: no I haven't, I'm usually pretty uh resistant to being on the webcam even when I have to do like zoom calls and stuff like that, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm not an axe murderer, so
SPEAKER_R: you're gonna have to have a real long acts if you are. So
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Yes. And a direction finding one because Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: um do you mind saying what what light state you're in or?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Arizona.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I'm in California, so not so far away. Yeah. Um Yeah, so I don't know what's what's going on? How's your day going?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good, I've been pretty productive so far um working on getting a bunch of paperwork done to get some research approved myself. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so you're like a professor or a student or?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm I'm a grad student in clinical psychology, so I'm trying to get my doctoral dissertation stuff rolling for the next semester here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Well I have a friend of mine is provost at one of the universities in Arizona. So I can I talk to her quite a bit and I can only imagine how crazy things are right with what's going to go on with the semester and all that. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. How are things in California, have you been on like locked down?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah, we went on lockdown and like pretty early on, I think we're one of the first states to do it and then everything seemed to stabilize and then like I got like may june we're like okay, everything's good. So I mean things are still a little bit like you can't go to an inside bar or uh not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: really any restaurants open inside, but you know, we got a lot of outside dining and all of that. Like I'm still working at home and I think most of the companies here are going to be that for the next least six months. So it's kind of like this half and half thing, right? How about how about you? Because I was one I was in the news right? Like we're all like doom and gloom and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're never in the news for anything good, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: on, you know that's not true.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, anytime you hear us mentioned, I'm like oh man, what we do this time? Uh Yeah, we, we went on on, you know, a real soft lockdown kind of early on in the process
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: and considering how few cases we had at the time and then in like, like the middle of May, they decided like, hey, you can just basically go right ahead to doing all the stuff you were doing before and then we had massive spikes of cases and they've been really reticent
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: to uh like pull back on anything. Um we just like closed like public pools and gyms and movie theaters, but like people can still do
SPEAKER_L: Go.
SPEAKER_R: indoor dining at quote unquote 50% capacity. Um and like there's
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: lots of crowded places and people are very mask resistant in certain areas of the state. Um Yeah, I think the university is going to be opening to students in the next like week or two here. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And schools to write the kids will be back at school for the most part.
SPEAKER_R: The Wild west out there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, you know, all I can say is this is just like one john experiment, right? Especially with um you know the universities and the schools, right? Nobody really knows what will happen. And uh we hope it will be good. But I mean for example, I mean do you really see that that you know 18 I mean your you said your grad student. But do you really see like 18 to 21 year olds walking around campus in mosques? Do you think that's that's likely? Uh
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think they'll do it when it's like an official sort of capacity but like I have a little sister who's a freshman at a um Arizona
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: university like um and she just turned 18 and like I see her putting pictures on the internet like here's me with my friend eating inside this vegan restaurant like this is totally fine like so I think it's I think they'll probably be okay in the in the confines of school but that I think that like
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you know she has to go and work in person and interact with the public and stuff all the time. And I can see like the frustration of like I can't socialize
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: but I can
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: be employed and like my risk is not that much higher at one or the other. Like why can I only do the not fun stuff? Um I don't think they'll be fully compliant all the time. Uh huh. I mean even I'm sort of getting like the quarantine fatigue where I'm like I want
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to go play with my friends because it's been it's been quite a while.
SPEAKER_L: It's not. Yeah, I know. I think the fatigue it is it is really real. And I mean I hate to say it, but it's like I don't have my own sort of peer group or even like my friend's kids or whatever. I mean I know a few older people who have died and they had it and I mean, but to cover the honest, I mean they were very old, they were in hospitals and you know, they were going to die relatively soon anyway. So I don't
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: I mean I have a good friend actually who's who's good friend got sick, she got very sick. She was you know, ex
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: college athlete and swimmer and you know in her forties and
SPEAKER_R: you look
SPEAKER_L: got very sick. But that's only a friend of a friend that's the closest I know of anyone who has really gotten it. And I think that's the problem right until you actually see it as being real, you just think, well
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: I'm healthy and I'm not going to yeah, we don't think we're going to get it. So we're still trying to do the right thing. I mean, I mean, I haven't I've been the scene, I've seen friends, it's been like outside at a picnic or what, you know, I haven't sat down inside with people really at all. But we went camping the other week and we're just like, there's like four of us were just out of this lake and I mean, what are you gonna do? It's it's yeah, it's hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's it's kind of interesting from like a public health perspective how it's been, how it's been approached in in different ways and as talking to a friend the other day about like how we should probably be having more like risk mitigation conversations rather than sort of like this abstinence only approach. People have been trying to get to Bush in terms of like the quarantine of like okay people are not going to stay inside their house by themselves for the next you know, however many months like
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: how about instead like you know we practice safe for socializing like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen some of that, like there's been some like lists of things that they say, look, these are the most risky things and obviously, you know, being at a crowded bar or party is like number one most dangerous thing you can do or you know. Uh But it's interesting you said so they closed down the pool, see like here the indoor gyms are still opening. But like you can go to a pool and you reserve a lane. So if you want to lane swimming, you reserve a lange and it's only you or you can have you and your partner in the lane and then but then you just arrive you just dump your stuff, you jump in the pool, you swim, you leave right, there's no changing room or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: That seems to be pretty safe.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Right? I mean just I'm
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: gonna report.
SPEAKER_R: I think probably most of what goes on in pools here is I like I haven't been to a public pool and forever. But I just picture like when I was in, you know like middle school or high school that you would go with a crowd of friends and it's not it's not like lane swimming, it's like popping around in water like rough housing and all of that. So I sort of get it and you know we've been on a like major heatwave so people are pretty desperate and like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's go suck.
SPEAKER_R: the mountains have been on fire so people like can't go up the mountains to seek relief. They can't go to pools, they closed like like slide
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: rock, like one of the only like uh natural water areas. Like it's I feel really bad for anyone that doesn't have air conditioning for one. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I know I used to spend a favorite of time in Tucson just for work and and yeah, it's great. I mean my my thing was like always have a water bottle with you. Like you can die like if you park in the in the shopping mall and then you just walk to the store and you can, you can die.
SPEAKER_R: You just shrivel up on the way there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. No, I heard. Yeah, because again like some good friends of mine went to visit a friend in Tucson, this is like over Labor Day and I was like whatever it was the main holiday getting mixed up. I was like, are you serious? You're gonna go to Tucson, you're going to get the covid. You know, they didn't spoiler that they didn't, but you know, I decided not to go and we just went out to a, you know ourselves, but oh well yeah. So I don't know. I mean I was thinking back you know, like at least in California or whatever, it's like for the first month or so, it was all like, oh yeah, okay, we can do this, let's stay inside and let's speak up bread and let's do all our home projects and all that stuff and it's now we're like screw this, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's only there's only so much people can can handle like even when they're trying to be really like public minded and trying to be, you know, empathetic.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's all the signs and people like all the kids are out like little messages. We got these little little patterns on the pavements, like there's none of that now. It's just like you where's your mask? Put your mask on. It's like
SPEAKER_R: Like if everyone could just follow the rules, we could get over this and start doing our lives again. Like other countries have managed to squish this down like.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean they have, I come from Australia originally and then they just, well parts of them went like my sister lives in a state that has really had almost no cases and they're all back to school. Her business is back online, the kids are back in school but then the Southern states they had the the outbreak of cases and I don't know it just seems like unless you're like new Zealand like you literally can't stop anybody coming in. Um It's always going to research right? So we get a vaccine so yeah I don't know how long it's going to be. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, fingers crossed about it but we can come up with something and actually get it to people, but I just think about how like the flu works and that we never know exactly which strain of it we're going to get and
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: we have to get it every year and like sometimes they do it wrong and like we don't know how long a shot will even last for. You were just like banking everything on like I swear we'll have a vaccine. What?
SPEAKER_L: we're probably stuck with us for a while. But anyways well so I was just so you said your clinical psychology um That's it's your doctoral. Yeah so it's gonna be pretty interesting. I mean I think just being on the prolific platform right? Because I mean clearly that's I I realized I mean I'm not a psychologist. I mean I. T. And computing and stuff so uh but I really like seeing how the mind works and and it's pretty some of the studies are pretty wacky, right? And some of the fun and I don't know, have you ever actually done actually put one out yourself? Is that something that you would do it through the prolific platform? Actually run a run a study?
SPEAKER_R: Um No, so actually how I had found prolific initially was trying to find a way in which I could recruit participants and you know, pay them something that is not horrendous like on mturk or whatever. Um And then I was like, hey like I'm furloughed from my job, I could make money on. Um But I haven't actually run anything through it and now I'm probably gonna just have undergrads do my study so that I don't have to worry about paying people.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, good. Students are freaked out there. That's nice.
SPEAKER_R: they get research participation credit for their classes for however long they spend on stuff. Um.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you mind telling me what your, what your interest is?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Like what kind of research? I'm just, you know.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm it's called like an investigation of flexibility and its relationship to functioning. So um there's sort of this uh notion of flexibility that gets bandied around in a lot of clinical psychology stuff, basically the idea that being flexible is good and being rigid is bad, right? There's all of these different ways that people are rigid that we classify as being different kinds of disorders. Um And there's
SPEAKER_L: Six.
SPEAKER_R: ways of being flexible that seemed to contribute to well being. Um But nobody seems to have a really good definition of flexibility. Um And what it is and how we can measure it, just that it's not rigidity which is bad. Um basically I'm trying to see um if there are some components of flexibility that I think look like flexibility, like your ability to switch your attention from one thing to another um or to hold it in one spot
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: when you're trying to, I think that's probably really important. So I'm looking at a couple of different components and seeing if they hang together um you know statistically, and then also looking at whether or not that's predictive of um people's symptoms of depression, anxiety or um satisfaction with life and physical health and those kinds of things. Um Yeah, my study got corona, so it's a little bit different from how I had wanted it to be initially. Um because I was I was
SPEAKER_L: As.
SPEAKER_R: going to do um like heart rate variability stuff and have people, you know, hooked up to different psycho pissed measures and have this whole like biological and social component to it, but now it's all going to be online, so I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: gotta make the best of it. Yeah. No, I I um Yeah, I know. It's horrible. Right? I mean, I've got friends with kids are graduating high school and what they're going to do with college and then, you know, people in medical school
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, what was the joke is like you should wear your mask because do you want to get intubated by the O. B. G. Y N. Resident? You've got fast tracked through the last six months of their training and you know, learned how to do a ventilator over zoom, you know, and which is not to say anything. I'm sure all the folks who are in the medical profession, you know, they're absolutely doing their best and working their butts off, you know, it's, it's got to be really hard. I mean, I had you some on you. Is that what I'm supposed to do? Their last six months of residency on their actual specialty. And then, yeah, they got stuck doing it online and then there you go. I was like, yeah, do you want, do you want, do you want
SPEAKER_R: Gold.
SPEAKER_L: your dentist to be the person who had to learn how to do all that stuff? Yeah. I mean, at least my job, I mean I actually, for various reasons, had been working from home largely for the last several months anyway. So when they said, you know, I really came into the office. And so for me it wasn't a big thing is just that, hey, now everybody was doing it, but you know, it's just a whole lot of social stuff, Right? I mean when you're in a collegial or a communal environment, you know, you just see people and you have those chit chats and now everything you do is just like scheduled and it's, it's like, okay, well we're on this zoom now and you know, I'm not going to sit and talk about whatever. It's just like, let's do our stuff and get on to the next thing and yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I had hoped that like having everything move online would somehow give me so much time because I spend a lot of time commuting regularly adam, like somehow
SPEAKER_L: I'm,
SPEAKER_R: I just have more to do and like I guess that's grad school, like the time
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just got
SPEAKER_L: go,
SPEAKER_R: filled up post taste like
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what is, So maybe that's part of your flexibility thing. It's like how well do we deal with changing, changing ways of life and stuff? Yeah, that sounds that sounds really cool because I don't know at least, I mean, well we had to do one of these Myers Briggs analysis and I know that's certainly problematic or whatever, but at least what I found was useful. Like my whole team of about 16 people did it. And what was interesting was there was literally like two or three types which like 90% of the people fell into. So it wasn't even like what was the actual categories, but it was more like, oh I can see that I have something in common with these people and yet I'm diametrically opposed
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: on dimension Z, you know, with these people and you actually could see that. And and it was then then they sort of said, well, you know, if you're type this judgmental or whatever, you're going to see the other people as being really random and all that, whereas they're going to see you as being very rigid and it was just kind of helpful to just try to see through other people's eyes. Um So yeah, and then, you know, there's always that that dichotomy between being able to focus on something you've been touched on that, right? I mean, you don't want to be completely flexible in that you don't you don't focus on anything for more than five minutes and then you're like jumping onto the shiny new toy there. Yeah. On the other hand, bang your head against the wall um for three years and something not going to work just because I got to stick to this year, so
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. It's a it's a hard,
SPEAKER_L: morons.
SPEAKER_R: it's a hard thing to balance and I think like, you know, I happened to choose a research topic that I'm like, okay, this is a really, really big question to answer, like, and it's something that lots of research has touched on for decades and not really sought to answer directly. Like this could be like my entire field of research if I continue being an academic, because there's lots of ways to like flush it out and poke
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: at it if like when is there too much flexibility? Like which part of
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: flexibility is the most amenable to intervention? Like where we can train people to be better at this so that maybe they won't have problems down the line. There's lots
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: different stuff that I that I can dig into with it. Um And so I'm having to be flexible with like okay, what what is what is
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: feasible to do in one little dissertation study
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: online that I find interesting. That gives
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: me probably more questions than answers, but that's fine because that's science
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: like um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, still
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's a it's a cool
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: topic in that it's something that you can explain it to a lay person and they can understand it, right, Which is always nice
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: because when you meet someone at a party or I don't know looking forward making your famous ted talk series or your podcast or whatever, I mean you know it's something that will resonate with most people so it's not something incredibly esoteric and we're not that those topics are bad but that's something to be said for be able to explain to people what you do. Uh and they go,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's it's helpful to you because it's like it's a flexible topic in the sense that it it's so big that I can like hone in on what I think is going to be the most interesting to any particular audience, focus on that part. Um
SPEAKER_L: right. I mean it could be child development or it could be people's careers or it could be you know how to deal with being a mom and a working mom and all that sort of stuff and sitting and I don't know
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: anyway,
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: you have to grant, you got to be able to put to pitch it to whoever like this definitely fits within your institutions, uh things
SPEAKER_L: They,
SPEAKER_R: that you want to fund because black. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, again it could be on Good Morning America because yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: if that's if that's what you wanted to um Yeah. Okay. Well cool. Hey, so random question, do you have any pets? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: lot. Yeah. Um I have 44 dogs, which just
SPEAKER_L: right. On cube.
SPEAKER_R: um uh and I have two cats and I have hermit crabs and I have a pond full of fish and have a bullfrog that moved in of his own accord. Um
SPEAKER_L: moved in like, like hopped in
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: into your house.
SPEAKER_R: into the pond, right into the pond. He's just been
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: out there making sounds for months like,
SPEAKER_L: that's me. Yeah, but he just himself, he doesn't or he or she, I don't know how you tell the gender of a bullfrog, but Well that's cool. I think I think I officially hate because yeah, we actually now have no animals. My last
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: cat died a few months ago and
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: it was stupid because at the time had I known that this whole thing was going to go in for so long, I would have immediately started fostering kittens and you know, whatever, and we're like, oh it's not gonna be that long,
SPEAKER_R: truth?
SPEAKER_L: and I don't want to get, you know, stuck with a pet, and then now now we sure, so there's actually a strength kitten wandering around the apartment block
SPEAKER_R: Big
SPEAKER_L: across the road from me and we're sort of trying to hunt it and you know, encourage it becomes so we can we can we can take it on, it's really cute little kitten that. Yeah, yeah, you're lucky to have a pet, so
SPEAKER_R: That's that's how ours tend to happen is they kind of just roll up, they show up in the carport and then you know, you go through the week or two looking for someone
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: claiming them and they're not and we're like, we put you in the meat grinder, you got along with everybody else. I guess. You're just you
SPEAKER_L: How do the dogs and cats get along? I mean
SPEAKER_R: they're all fine with each other. We have one cat that's kind of scared of one of the dogs
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: they've been together for like two years and they're still like, I'm still really interested in you and I'm still really scared of you and it's kind of dumb. Um But you know, here's one fat sleeping one, here's a puppy. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: It messes and all of that. But yeah, there's always a critter. Somewhere highly encourage them and I'm sorry for your loss. We lost one in May two. A kitty cat, so thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, does, it really does, but you know part of what you take on when you, when you bring them into your house, so they go um cool um Okay, well let me say, I think, I think they do want you to do full 25 minutes, so I'm uh not that I'm not minding talking to you, just Yeah. Um Gosh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: interesting concept to be like okay you're going to talk to a Rando about whatever for 25 minutes has to be 25 minutes and don't stop talking. Like are you trying to observe naturalistic conversation or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, you know, I think, I think I've been in four sessions, but in two of them the person didn't show up, so I had one other and interesting, it was also a woman, so I don't know if they deliberately just match you up with the same sex to avoid any kind of, I don't know, potential creepiness. I mean you would you would hope there wouldn't be any problem with that, but you never know. Uh Yeah, I know. Anyway, I'm glad you were not enact wealth, not a psychopath. And uh you know, just someone that you could have a conversation with, you know, I don't know, favorite food. Lightning round favorite food.
SPEAKER_R: Uh cheese. Probably you.
SPEAKER_L: She's um indian food I think. Yeah my husband cooks all kinds of indian food and uh yeah and fruit, although we're sort of getting over fruited right now, it's like I bet all these pictures and stuff and then then it's like oh my god,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we got to get the pictures
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: of.
SPEAKER_R: the season on. Wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well I don't know, good luck with your studies and I hope that you'll be able to figure out the research and do that um online
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: and uh don't be kind eventually. So you you you were envisaging just like bringing people into a lab and hooking up to the you know the answer photograph and the heart rate
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: meter and whatnot. And have them try different tasks and see what they see, what happens to their their heart rate and uh Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yep.
SPEAKER_L: sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Now we're just gonna do it all on their lonesome and we'll just get whatever information we get.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Still though it's your only just studying your doctoral doctorate.
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm a I'm gonna be 1/5 year um in the in the coming semester, so I'm starting the dissertation process applying for internships and all of that. I'm almost done, fingers caressed. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, good luck with that. I know. It's a heck of a lot of work. I mean that's that's the life of a researcher is always putting in those grant proposals and yeah, but it's no, I mean private. We have we have plenty of bureaucratic craft that we have to deal with also. So you always want what you can't have I guess, yep.
SPEAKER_R: What I'm talking with you, charlotte right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, jasmine. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Alrighty. Well stay cool. I hope your air conditioning doesn't break down and uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would die. But uh okay
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: go pack your puppies and take him for a walk or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks very