Hi,
you There we go.
Yeah, I can hear me all right. Hi, what's your name on charlotte?
I just mean thanks for showing up. I did one before and nobody showed up, so I think I've done one with a real person. So
anyways
hey, we'll get the money. Yeah, so hang on, let me just check the time. Um
Yeah, especially
for like 25 minutes. Okay. Cool. Uh
Yeah, did you do one of these before? Like
random?
Well, I'm not an axe murderer, so
that's true. Yes. And a direction finding one because Yeah.
Well
um do you mind saying what what light state you're in or?
Okay. Yeah, I'm in California, so not so far away. Yeah. Um Yeah, so I don't know what's what's going on? How's your day going?
so you're like a professor or a student or?
Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Well I have a friend of mine is provost at one of the universities in Arizona. So I can I talk to her quite a bit and I can only imagine how crazy things are right with what's going to go on with the semester and all that. So
I mean, yeah, we went on lockdown and like pretty early on, I think we're one of the first states to do it and then everything seemed to stabilize and then like I got like may june we're like okay, everything's good. So I mean things are still a little bit like you can't go to an inside bar or uh not
really any restaurants open inside, but you know, we got a lot of outside dining and all of that. Like I'm still working at home and I think most of the companies here are going to be that for the next least six months. So it's kind of like this half and half thing, right? How about how about you? Because I was one I was in the news right? Like we're all like doom and gloom and
on, you know that's not true.
But
Thank you.
Go.
I think
so,
Yeah. And schools to write the kids will be back at school for the most part.
Yeah. Well, you know, all I can say is this is just like one john experiment, right? Especially with um you know the universities and the schools, right? Nobody really knows what will happen. And uh we hope it will be good. But I mean for example, I mean do you really see that that you know 18 I mean your you said your grad student. But do you really see like 18 to 21 year olds walking around campus in mosques? Do you think that's that's likely? Uh
Here.
Like
no,
but
Well
It's not. Yeah, I know. I think the fatigue it is it is really real. And I mean I hate to say it, but it's like I don't have my own sort of peer group or even like my friend's kids or whatever. I mean I know a few older people who have died and they had it and I mean, but to cover the honest, I mean they were very old, they were in hospitals and you know, they were going to die relatively soon anyway. So I don't
I mean I have a good friend actually who's who's good friend got sick, she got very sick. She was you know, ex
college athlete and swimmer and you know in her forties and
got very sick. But that's only a friend of a friend that's the closest I know of anyone who has really gotten it. And I think that's the problem right until you actually see it as being real, you just think, well
I'm healthy and I'm not going to yeah, we don't think we're going to get it. So we're still trying to do the right thing. I mean, I mean, I haven't I've been the scene, I've seen friends, it's been like outside at a picnic or what, you know, I haven't sat down inside with people really at all. But we went camping the other week and we're just like, there's like four of us were just out of this lake and I mean, what are you gonna do? It's it's yeah, it's hard.
But
I've seen some of that, like there's been some like lists of things that they say, look, these are the most risky things and obviously, you know, being at a crowded bar or party is like number one most dangerous thing you can do or you know. Uh But it's interesting you said so they closed down the pool, see like here the indoor gyms are still opening. But like you can go to a pool and you reserve a lane. So if you want to lane swimming, you reserve a lange and it's only you or you can have you and your partner in the lane and then but then you just arrive you just dump your stuff, you jump in the pool, you swim, you leave right, there's no changing room or anything like that.
That seems to be pretty safe.
Right? I mean just I'm
gonna report.
Yeah. Let's go suck.
What?
I know I used to spend a favorite of time in Tucson just for work and and yeah, it's great. I mean my my thing was like always have a water bottle with you. Like you can die like if you park in the in the shopping mall and then you just walk to the store and you can, you can die.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I heard. Yeah, because again like some good friends of mine went to visit a friend in Tucson, this is like over Labor Day and I was like whatever it was the main holiday getting mixed up. I was like, are you serious? You're gonna go to Tucson, you're going to get the covid. You know, they didn't spoiler that they didn't, but you know, I decided not to go and we just went out to a, you know ourselves, but oh well yeah. So I don't know. I mean I was thinking back you know, like at least in California or whatever, it's like for the first month or so, it was all like, oh yeah, okay, we can do this, let's stay inside and let's speak up bread and let's do all our home projects and all that stuff and it's now we're like screw this, you know?
Yeah, there's all the signs and people like all the kids are out like little messages. We got these little little patterns on the pavements, like there's none of that now. It's just like you where's your mask? Put your mask on. It's like
Well I mean they have, I come from Australia originally and then they just, well parts of them went like my sister lives in a state that has really had almost no cases and they're all back to school. Her business is back online, the kids are back in school but then the Southern states they had the the outbreak of cases and I don't know it just seems like unless you're like new Zealand like you literally can't stop anybody coming in. Um It's always going to research right? So we get a vaccine so yeah I don't know how long it's going to be. But
no
we're probably stuck with us for a while. But anyways well so I was just so you said your clinical psychology um That's it's your doctoral. Yeah so it's gonna be pretty interesting. I mean I think just being on the prolific platform right? Because I mean clearly that's I I realized I mean I'm not a psychologist. I mean I. T. And computing and stuff so uh but I really like seeing how the mind works and and it's pretty some of the studies are pretty wacky, right? And some of the fun and I don't know, have you ever actually done actually put one out yourself? Is that something that you would do it through the prolific platform? Actually run a run a study?
Oh, good. Students are freaked out there. That's nice.
Yeah.
Do you mind telling me what your, what your interest is?
Like what kind of research? I'm just, you know.
Six.
What?
As.
You
gotta make the best of it. Yeah. No, I I um Yeah, I know. It's horrible. Right? I mean, I've got friends with kids are graduating high school and what they're going to do with college and then, you know, people in medical school
and
I was like, what was the joke is like you should wear your mask because do you want to get intubated by the O. B. G. Y N. Resident? You've got fast tracked through the last six months of their training and you know, learned how to do a ventilator over zoom, you know, and which is not to say anything. I'm sure all the folks who are in the medical profession, you know, they're absolutely doing their best and working their butts off, you know, it's, it's got to be really hard. I mean, I had you some on you. Is that what I'm supposed to do? Their last six months of residency on their actual specialty. And then, yeah, they got stuck doing it online and then there you go. I was like, yeah, do you want, do you want, do you want
your dentist to be the person who had to learn how to do all that stuff? Yeah. I mean, at least my job, I mean I actually, for various reasons, had been working from home largely for the last several months anyway. So when they said, you know, I really came into the office. And so for me it wasn't a big thing is just that, hey, now everybody was doing it, but you know, it's just a whole lot of social stuff, Right? I mean when you're in a collegial or a communal environment, you know, you just see people and you have those chit chats and now everything you do is just like scheduled and it's, it's like, okay, well we're on this zoom now and you know, I'm not going to sit and talk about whatever. It's just like, let's do our stuff and get on to the next thing and yes.
I'm,
I
go,
yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what is, So maybe that's part of your flexibility thing. It's like how well do we deal with changing, changing ways of life and stuff? Yeah, that sounds that sounds really cool because I don't know at least, I mean, well we had to do one of these Myers Briggs analysis and I know that's certainly problematic or whatever, but at least what I found was useful. Like my whole team of about 16 people did it. And what was interesting was there was literally like two or three types which like 90% of the people fell into. So it wasn't even like what was the actual categories, but it was more like, oh I can see that I have something in common with these people and yet I'm diametrically opposed
on dimension Z, you know, with these people and you actually could see that. And and it was then then they sort of said, well, you know, if you're type this judgmental or whatever, you're going to see the other people as being really random and all that, whereas they're going to see you as being very rigid and it was just kind of helpful to just try to see through other people's eyes. Um So yeah, and then, you know, there's always that that dichotomy between being able to focus on something you've been touched on that, right? I mean, you don't want to be completely flexible in that you don't you don't focus on anything for more than five minutes and then you're like jumping onto the shiny new toy there. Yeah. On the other hand, bang your head against the wall um for three years and something not going to work just because I got to stick to this year, so
morons.
No.
All
You
know?
What
that
it's
but
Mhm.
Yeah, still
I think it's a it's a cool
topic in that it's something that you can explain it to a lay person and they can understand it, right, Which is always nice
because when you meet someone at a party or I don't know looking forward making your famous ted talk series or your podcast or whatever, I mean you know it's something that will resonate with most people so it's not something incredibly esoteric and we're not that those topics are bad but that's something to be said for be able to explain to people what you do. Uh and they go,
right. I mean it could be child development or it could be people's careers or it could be you know how to deal with being a mom and a working mom and all that sort of stuff and sitting and I don't know
anyway,
so.
They,
you know, again it could be on Good Morning America because yeah,
if that's if that's what you wanted to um Yeah. Okay. Well cool. Hey, so random question, do you have any pets? Yeah.
right. On cube.
moved in like, like hopped in
into your house.
Well
that's me. Yeah, but he just himself, he doesn't or he or she, I don't know how you tell the gender of a bullfrog, but Well that's cool. I think I think I officially hate because yeah, we actually now have no animals. My last
cat died a few months ago and
it was stupid because at the time had I known that this whole thing was going to go in for so long, I would have immediately started fostering kittens and you know, whatever, and we're like, oh it's not gonna be that long,
and I don't want to get, you know, stuck with a pet, and then now now we sure, so there's actually a strength kitten wandering around the apartment block
across the road from me and we're sort of trying to hunt it and you know, encourage it becomes so we can we can we can take it on, it's really cute little kitten that. Yeah, yeah, you're lucky to have a pet, so
What?
How do the dogs and cats get along? I mean
we
want
that's cool.
Yeah, does, it really does, but you know part of what you take on when you, when you bring them into your house, so they go um cool um Okay, well let me say, I think, I think they do want you to do full 25 minutes, so I'm uh not that I'm not minding talking to you, just Yeah. Um Gosh,
I don't know.
Yeah. Well, you know, I think, I think I've been in four sessions, but in two of them the person didn't show up, so I had one other and interesting, it was also a woman, so I don't know if they deliberately just match you up with the same sex to avoid any kind of, I don't know, potential creepiness. I mean you would you would hope there wouldn't be any problem with that, but you never know. Uh Yeah, I know. Anyway, I'm glad you were not enact wealth, not a psychopath. And uh you know, just someone that you could have a conversation with, you know, I don't know, favorite food. Lightning round favorite food.
She's um indian food I think. Yeah my husband cooks all kinds of indian food and uh yeah and fruit, although we're sort of getting over fruited right now, it's like I bet all these pictures and stuff and then then it's like oh my god,
we got to get the pictures
of.
Yeah. Yeah. Well I don't know, good luck with your studies and I hope that you'll be able to figure out the research and do that um online
and uh don't be kind eventually. So you you you were envisaging just like bringing people into a lab and hooking up to the you know the answer photograph and the heart rate
meter and whatnot. And have them try different tasks and see what they see, what happens to their their heart rate and uh Yeah
sometimes.
Yeah. Still though it's your only just studying your doctoral doctorate.
Yeah. Well, good luck with that. I know. It's a heck of a lot of work. I mean that's that's the life of a researcher is always putting in those grant proposals and yeah, but it's no, I mean private. We have we have plenty of bureaucratic craft that we have to deal with also. So you always want what you can't have I guess, yep.
Yeah, jasmine. Yes.
Alrighty. Well stay cool. I hope your air conditioning doesn't break down and uh
I would die. But uh okay
go pack your puppies and take him for a walk or something. Yeah.