hello,
you hear me?
I'm Jackson.
Yeah. Yeah, I figured that was probably a fairly likely scenario.
What?
Mhm.
The
Yeah,
but
no I haven't, I'm usually pretty uh resistant to being on the webcam even when I have to do like zoom calls and stuff like that, but yeah,
you're gonna have to have a real long acts if you are. So
did
you?
I'm in Arizona.
I'm pretty good, I've been pretty productive so far um working on getting a bunch of paperwork done to get some research approved myself. Um Yeah,
yeah, I'm I'm a grad student in clinical psychology, so I'm trying to get my doctoral dissertation stuff rolling for the next semester here.
Mhm. Yeah. How are things in California, have you been on like locked down?
Yeah,
Yeah, we're never in the news for anything good, unfortunately.
Yeah, anytime you hear us mentioned, I'm like oh man, what we do this time? Uh Yeah, we, we went on on, you know, a real soft lockdown kind of early on in the process
and considering how few cases we had at the time and then in like, like the middle of May, they decided like, hey, you can just basically go right ahead to doing all the stuff you were doing before and then we had massive spikes of cases and they've been really reticent
to uh like pull back on anything. Um we just like closed like public pools and gyms and movie theaters, but like people can still do
indoor dining at quote unquote 50% capacity. Um and like there's
still
lots of crowded places and people are very mask resistant in certain areas of the state. Um Yeah, I think the university is going to be opening to students in the next like week or two here. Um
The Wild west out there.
I mean I think they'll do it when it's like an official sort of capacity but like I have a little sister who's a freshman at a um Arizona
university like um and she just turned 18 and like I see her putting pictures on the internet like here's me with my friend eating inside this vegan restaurant like this is totally fine like so I think it's I think they'll probably be okay in the in the confines of school but that I think that like
you know she has to go and work in person and interact with the public and stuff all the time. And I can see like the frustration of like I can't socialize
but I can
be employed and like my risk is not that much higher at one or the other. Like why can I only do the not fun stuff? Um I don't think they'll be fully compliant all the time. Uh huh. I mean even I'm sort of getting like the quarantine fatigue where I'm like I want
to go play with my friends because it's been it's been quite a while.
Because
what
you look
because
Yeah, I think it's it's kind of interesting from like a public health perspective how it's been, how it's been approached in in different ways and as talking to a friend the other day about like how we should probably be having more like risk mitigation conversations rather than sort of like this abstinence only approach. People have been trying to get to Bush in terms of like the quarantine of like okay people are not going to stay inside their house by themselves for the next you know, however many months like
how about instead like you know we practice safe for socializing like. Yeah.
But
I
think
I think probably most of what goes on in pools here is I like I haven't been to a public pool and forever. But I just picture like when I was in, you know like middle school or high school that you would go with a crowd of friends and it's not it's not like lane swimming, it's like popping around in water like rough housing and all of that. So I sort of get it and you know we've been on a like major heatwave so people are pretty desperate and like
the mountains have been on fire so people like can't go up the mountains to seek relief. They can't go to pools, they closed like like slide
rock, like one of the only like uh natural water areas. Like it's I feel really bad for anyone that doesn't have air conditioning for one. Uh
You just shrivel up on the way there.
Yeah, there's only there's only so much people can can handle like even when they're trying to be really like public minded and trying to be, you know, empathetic.
Like if everyone could just follow the rules, we could get over this and start doing our lives again. Like other countries have managed to squish this down like.
Yeah. You know, fingers crossed about it but we can come up with something and actually get it to people, but I just think about how like the flu works and that we never know exactly which strain of it we're going to get and
we have to get it every year and like sometimes they do it wrong and like we don't know how long a shot will even last for. You were just like banking everything on like I swear we'll have a vaccine. What?
Um No, so actually how I had found prolific initially was trying to find a way in which I could recruit participants and you know, pay them something that is not horrendous like on mturk or whatever. Um And then I was like, hey like I'm furloughed from my job, I could make money on. Um But I haven't actually run anything through it and now I'm probably gonna just have undergrads do my study so that I don't have to worry about paying people.
they get research participation credit for their classes for however long they spend on stuff. Um.
Yeah. Yeah.
What?
So I'm it's called like an investigation of flexibility and its relationship to functioning. So um there's sort of this uh notion of flexibility that gets bandied around in a lot of clinical psychology stuff, basically the idea that being flexible is good and being rigid is bad, right? There's all of these different ways that people are rigid that we classify as being different kinds of disorders. Um And there's
ways of being flexible that seemed to contribute to well being. Um But nobody seems to have a really good definition of flexibility. Um And what it is and how we can measure it, just that it's not rigidity which is bad. Um basically I'm trying to see um if there are some components of flexibility that I think look like flexibility, like your ability to switch your attention from one thing to another um or to hold it in one spot
when you're trying to, I think that's probably really important. So I'm looking at a couple of different components and seeing if they hang together um you know statistically, and then also looking at whether or not that's predictive of um people's symptoms of depression, anxiety or um satisfaction with life and physical health and those kinds of things. Um Yeah, my study got corona, so it's a little bit different from how I had wanted it to be initially. Um because I was I was
going to do um like heart rate variability stuff and have people, you know, hooked up to different psycho pissed measures and have this whole like biological and social component to it, but now it's all going to be online, so I'm like,
well,
come
on.
Gold.
Yeah. I had hoped that like having everything move online would somehow give me so much time because I spend a lot of time commuting regularly adam, like somehow
I just have more to do and like I guess that's grad school, like the time
just got
filled up post taste like
If
Exactly. It's a it's a hard,
it's a hard thing to balance and I think like, you know, I happened to choose a research topic that I'm like, okay, this is a really, really big question to answer, like, and it's something that lots of research has touched on for decades and not really sought to answer directly. Like this could be like my entire field of research if I continue being an academic, because there's lots of ways to like flush it out and poke
at it if like when is there too much flexibility? Like which part of
flexibility is the most amenable to intervention? Like where we can train people to be better at this so that maybe they won't have problems down the line. There's lots
of
different stuff that I that I can dig into with it. Um And so I'm having to be flexible with like okay, what what is what is
feasible to do in one little dissertation study
online that I find interesting. That gives
me probably more questions than answers, but that's fine because that's science
like um
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
What?
Yeah, I think it's it's helpful to you because it's like it's a flexible topic in the sense that it it's so big that I can like hone in on what I think is going to be the most interesting to any particular audience, focus on that part. Um
that's
something
you have to grant, you got to be able to put to pitch it to whoever like this definitely fits within your institutions, uh things
that you want to fund because black. Yeah.
Yeah,
lot. Yeah. Um I have 44 dogs, which just
um uh and I have two cats and I have hermit crabs and I have a pond full of fish and have a bullfrog that moved in of his own accord. Um
just
into the pond, right into the pond. He's just been
out there making sounds for months like,
hey,
what
truth?
Big
That's that's how ours tend to happen is they kind of just roll up, they show up in the carport and then you know, you go through the week or two looking for someone
claiming them and they're not and we're like, we put you in the meat grinder, you got along with everybody else. I guess. You're just you
they're all fine with each other. We have one cat that's kind of scared of one of the dogs
and
they've been together for like two years and they're still like, I'm still really interested in you and I'm still really scared of you and it's kind of dumb. Um But you know, here's one fat sleeping one, here's a puppy. Um
It messes and all of that. But yeah, there's always a critter. Somewhere highly encourage them and I'm sorry for your loss. We lost one in May two. A kitty cat, so thanks.
Yeah,
interesting concept to be like okay you're going to talk to a Rando about whatever for 25 minutes has to be 25 minutes and don't stop talking. Like are you trying to observe naturalistic conversation or?
Uh cheese. Probably you.
Yeah,
it's
the season on. Wonderful.
Mm.
And
yep.
Now we're just gonna do it all on their lonesome and we'll just get whatever information we get.
Um So I'm a I'm gonna be 1/5 year um in the in the coming semester, so I'm starting the dissertation process applying for internships and all of that. I'm almost done, fingers caressed. Sure.
What I'm talking with you, charlotte right?
Yeah.
yeah.
Mhm.
Thanks very