mhm mm. Okay. Yes, speaking. Yeah it's
Hello, can you hear me? Okay,
so it's true but how are you
doing?
Okay where are you from? Where are you calling videoing from?
okay so you have like a real autumn there
texas?
that was part worth area. Yeah it's still it's still hot, it's not 100° but yeah
it varies, I mean sometimes it does get cold. We've even had snow a few times but the thing is in the wintertime The cold doesn't bother you much because you know in two or three days will be back up to 60. So I mean we do get down into the 30's here
and
there.
Yeah kind of yeah
it is yeah. Love
love
the winters here. Summers. Uh huh.
Yeah pretty much it's just like winters out there and in the case were all kind of stuck inside a lot right now. Is it is
No?
right, you know so much longer. Yeah
um A lot better than them turk. Uh You know I actually don't get bumped off at the end when you know after I spent an hour we're doing something and then it bumps me off to my sign in page or
All
What?
I haven't
heard
I haven't heard 1/5 worker,
Yep worker. And what was the other one
handed. Crazy. Okay. Because I'm doing this basically to survive. I mean this
is my
grocery
money and stuff like that.
Into this.
it's
What?
I had actually gotten to the point where I was Kind of averaging 400 a month. Um And then the pandemic hit and all at once they started combining lake three different things into one that pays less than any of the ones used to. And of course there's more competition for the $100 ones now that more people are unemployed and you know trying to. It's
definitely
look into that. That would
be
in,
No.
Put me off.
Oh I will.
That's
That's not bad. Yeah I just I'm
working my way up to minimum wage. Yeah. By getting there. Yeah. But
there
just aren't
opportunities.
Yeah I would be I would be thrilled to just get back up to 400. Really?
Now
I'm scraping by on maybe 100 a month and you know, so you know having to eat a lot of ramen noodles and skip meals and stuff size.
Well.
Yeah. Well those are, that gives me a lot to look into so that's good.
Wait.
That's huge. Yeah. And yeah I'm sure they probably have like for different ones demographic requirements and stuff like that.
You know a broad spectrum or a certain groups opinion and that's that's fine.
Yeah user interviews.
huh.
That change.
Maryland.
I
was like a bunch of people talking about beer first. Yeah.
Yeah definitely. I mean then they're going to be more needed you know as so many jobs are lost to automation and you know.
I know I know
and I feel guilty but then it's like okay I can become a burden to my Children or I can do this. So it's just a sad state of affairs in
at the
factory.
It
was a little more regulated. You know, because so many times, you know, you get to the end of the survey, they don't give you your number. So it's like, ok, I've just done this and there's no no recourse if they decide they don't want to pay you or
That.
I tried that and I've been rejected three times wrong. Yeah.
And
let's see,
You know, I try protecting, you know, mturk. And they're like, well that's you know, you used to
and that's your problem. So I like prolific because they they do have things like that. And I've been through ones on on enter where I've gone through like seven pages of questioning and then they're like, I'm sorry you're not in the right demographic for this. I'm like,
you couldn't have just done that on the first page.
yeah. I've got I tried that one before and that's the one where they like other people let you know,
the
problem
pops up. You've got like, if it's one that pays decently, if you don't click on it right away, then you miss it. So by the time you look up, whether it's the same.
I'm going to pass.
Yeah. Oh, it's survival fun. What?
Uh huh.
It's
so
it is right now.
Yeah.
What you have to do? It's sad that that's how it is.
A lot of other countries did and, and even all of like the economic experts who you would think republicans would listen to are saying that not sending out regular stimulus checks is going to make it so much harder to come out of this uh come out of the recession and may make it a double dip one, make everything so much worse because people don't have money to spend. And I don't care what they say, the real job creators are, but I would like to buy stuff.
it's all based
on
the stock market now. I mean it used to be based on customers now. It's all based on the stock market. And a lot of times they just manipulate the stock market to make money. They don't really care About
three people
human.
Now
it doesn't matter that the country is like living on the skating edge of poverty, whatever. Oh,
yeah,
It's very bad. It is very, very bad.
Me neither. Me neither.
And I
will, you know, he's called his people to observe the elections and if I have to walk by a bunch of idiots holding, you know, machine guns, I'm going to walk past them if I got a frog coronavirus to do it to get that name out of the White House. Because he's a nightmare consult. I'm also I grew up in michigan, so, you know, and I just heard about, you know, them trying to kidnap the governor there.
uh
so
I just keep telling myself that this year was written by steven Kane. What? Yeah.
Mhm.
we're not even a second wave yet, europe is just starting to feel that one. So yeah, it's gonna be a lot.
What was
that?
A lot of them did. A lot of schools in spite of threats, decided to not open or or give the option, but yet we've had, I mean, we keep getting write their numbers here, you know, because our governor looks like he rushed to reopen everything. And then it's like
it's another nightmare
what
now?
No,
he actually, what he did was was overruled cities, the
now that try to do if a city wants to do a mask mandate, people don't have to obey it because the governor said so. Yeah, that's brilliant, thank you very much.
but I mean it may turn blue this year. I would love to get rid of ted Cruz,
but
if he loses Wendy Davis, that would be awesome. Okay.
no, she's running for Senate.
Yeah.
Uh
she's running for the Senate and
I would love to see her again. And I actually uh worked on her uh worked on a campaign team for her when she ran for governor. Okay. Mhm.
It was, but I mean in texas before, the chances have always been really low, I mean, Beta O'Rourke came closer than anyone had a really long time. But this year, you know, biden and trump are neck and neck. The senate is uh you know, I mean it's very, we may see that blue tsunami that they weren't about because people are just uh so
I tell you what, the election, you know, everybody's like, oh, it's it's for sure. Look at the numbers, I'm like, I'm not gonna
break.
Exactly. The media told us outright that trump had no path to victory.
debate months.
Oh yeah, yeah, that's right,
I think that that this will hurt him more because the pussy tape didn't actually affect anybody, puts a lot of people off. But that's a little different than, you know, people who have seen their friends or relatives second or die.
Well,
trump saying like, oh look, I'm cured, I'm so tough. It's like okay. Yeah because not every american headache private hospital in their house and was you know helicopter to a hospital and had all the latest and greatest medication that's like yeah that's not what americans experience.
Exactly we get to pay for that. Yeah
he wants to take you know and he's pushing through his Supreme Court person to take away health care just you know about pandemic. What a great guy. Uh
Great
buy it.
No.
Either that or the Republican party is going to have to regroup and do something different because basically they're they're all baggage because they're afraid of losing this crazy base. But the thing is his crazy base alone isn't enough and they've driven so many out. I mean so many republicans are actually publicly saying they support biden this year because they just can't trump is just a bridge way too far. Uh you know with his behavior with him saying he won't even accept the results. I mean he has openly admitted he's pushing through this Supreme Court nominee also in case he contests it and he wants the Supreme Court to make him president.
for that.
he's
pushed a lot through
and
they
don't care about recusing themselves because Bush, Bush basically the Supreme Court voted him on one vote. But two of the justices who voted had financial ties to his campaign and they didn't lose themselves. So who cares
about
the rule of
law, you know anything a lower judge would be expected to but yeah
everything
thomas yeah
Well
they don't
want people to be independent, they want the court to be working for them. I mean that's pretty unbelievable.
now.
It's crazy. It is definitely crazy. Oh wow.
Right.
Wait,
her what kind of bird do you have? Tall?
understood,
No. Did the vets say anything?
that's really awful.
Thank
you for thank you.
I mean we all have to find ways to distract from all the mess these days, whether personal or you know the whole world right now.
yeah, well, and I got rid of live tv a long time ago and that really helps me because I would have the news on in the background all the time and once I didn't have that anymore, I realized how much less I was like this distressed out all the time.
That's
I'll
read, I'll read various online newspapers, uh, to see what's going on and then put it aside and pick up a novel or something like that
white
just
to you know, on netflix or something like that, just to distract myself from all the garbage going on because it can it can make you dizzy.
Well,
I personally think that people that are a little nuttier much more interesting than people that are just kind of normal, I'm an artist, so you know, I'm a rest also.
Yes, yes. Yeah, definitely. Uh like to escape to the arts as often as I can.
Yeah. Well, I'll do like I'll watch binge watch a show or something like that if I just really need to totally escape, find something interesting and been to watch it all day like okay, just to get lost somewhere else.
Yeah, I guess we are and
we
well, good luck. I hope I hope she's all right.
I
will, definitely. Thank you.
trip with you.