Hello,
Here man,
I'm
doing all right.
Hell right around boston massachusetts yourself?
Oh yeah. Where you at?
Oh yeah, it must be like 90.
Does it ever get? Like how how cold is it in like february?
Feel
like
our items essentially.
Crazy.
We're
not
Yeah, I got to stay inside I guess. We're all for me too. Uh I don't know, six months a year I guess.
Yeah, it wasn't much of a summer for me,
so whatever, I've just been like whatever that wasn't gonna do anything anyways.
so uh you use prolific obviously. How are you liking prolific?
Oh yeah, Thanks, Do
you? Oh yeah, I'm like kind of burning, burning out on these things. I was doing it for hobby money essentially. And uh I don't know, it's getting busy I guess. I don't know, I'm just getting tired of it I guess on some level, but
mturk do you use hit forker in
panda?
Crazy. Mhm
Oh yeah, look up how to do hit forker and panic res and combine those together.
Panda Crazy.
so
I
am
well I can tell you like tips and tricks I've learned because I was like I still kind of am just kind of burning out just, I was completely obsessed about this over the summer. Um So like if you can combine hit for kirpan a Crazy, you have to also download, just look up how to install those and use those correctly. Um I don't know, it's kind of like a tricky thing but the idea is basically you can see all the hits as they come in in real time and you can make really put in a request to accept it essentially 321 and then where it really gets advanced is there are scripts out there two make it so that it will automatically put in the request to accept it and that, but that doesn't come with just hit for current panic. Crazy. That's something I learned very recently in the,
yeah, I was uh like I was following the entire crowd forum and they have a
discord there, which is like a chat from and I was like, hey, I need like an auto accept. And one of the guys let me a private message with a script for it and said, here's how you install it. And so I was using that for a bit and I made 300 bucks a week, but I could be with that. That was
with like batch is essentially,
lot of them are using these tools still, so it will
put you on
on
more equal footing because I haven't figured out a way, but it's more advanced than this because I've been like, so I've been like I was working since 2012 off
and on and like each time they come back to it, I learned a new trick and I feel like at this point I must be at, I always feel this every single time I love the new chicken, like okay now I'm like at the cutting edge
now, I feel like I'm truly
at the cutting edge and if I had known this like years ago um when I was working like crazy, I would have like made a lot more money so definitely take a look at those.
Another good one If you're comfortable, well if you're comfortable doing this um user testing is one where you kind of like give verbal feedback about websites. Okay. Uh You have to be really honest though because they do like track that, but they pay like 10 10 bucks for like 20 up to 20 minutes task and
you can get like a few of them that way.
groups.
Yeah I think
I think it's.
I think
I think one can probably if one goes heart as possible once you probably make Like 1500 bucks a month doing this stuff. I think that's before tax. Mind you.
Oh yeah I think
you can.
this is that's one thing another one is just focus panels in
general like focus groups, like online focus so that like uh the ones that come to mind that I use are focus forward um 2020 research. Uh Watch lab research I think it's called. And uh I think that's kind of it.
Yeah just focus panels in general can be really good because I'm like get this like to our to our conversation like this Hunty box. I mean you have to qualify essentially for these things right?
Um They're definitely like even if you get even if you'd like to a month, I mean that's boom, you know
Yeah they do and
yeah um What else have I done? Uh The usability is I think usability stuff in general is this kind of interesting. Uh Oh you some people like user interviews.
Yeah that's actually another focus panel type one and that one might be good because I know that they've had one surveys targeted at unemployed people, you know? Yeah specifically and I was like I don't qualify. Uh
And so but I know what I'm like all right, this is the type of thing that would be good for like like if I if
you know if I wasn't I didn't if I hadn't you know keep being able to continue to work during all this, you know, stuff that would have been a good thing um enter with that, keep you busy. Uh There is a Beer Money subreddit,
it's called yeah, it's called Beer Money on Reddit. It's like a it's like a forum essentially on Reddit where people discuss ways of making money online and it kind of has other resources which you can like navigating like, I don't know, I guess I've like
the harder I
Uh Yeah, no there so like I I think there are a lot of ways to make money online um they haven't fully gone through a lot of them, but I think there there and it sounds like they could be helpful,
yep, that's kind of the fun, that's the funny thing about mturk is that we contribute to that,
but
I don't think there's anything
wrong
with doing this stuff online uh if you're
not part of the
Oh, but I always do, if they don't give you a code,
I've never had an instance where like sometimes I get to an end of an mturk it and there'll be no code at the end, but every single time I just type in my user id as the code and I just say my user ideas, blah, blah, blah, there was no code at the because
but bad requester, I've
never had that happen,
but uh
don't care.
yeah, on page screeners,
Yeah, Okay. So yeah, this is what you also need. Um, Mturk suite. Uh it's a Chrome extension I think.
yeah, they let you know if something's garbage head atop
and sometimes
that's all.
well that's why hopefully the panda crazy and hit forker will help you out in that regard,
because you could like, you basically start like accepting he's his before you even know what they are. And you start like a big all right. What what, what garbage did I did? I reel in here.
Um I know it's stinks that like it does stink on a lot of levels. Um But
I don't know. It's
like
I was,
there was a point where I was very un under employed where I was basically volunteer, volunteering as a job and like basically kind of getting paid when money was available um
sort of and I was going crazy on enter and I was like, man, this sucks so much. But hey, you gotta do what you gotta do.
Yeah. It would be good if like, you know I mean, can you believe like Canada gave everybody $2,000 a month periodically.
I know. That's like the big contradiction like they don't like there's like they don't care about, they don't care about the fact that it might but the economy might essentially eat its entire tail like that. And they just instead are like, well we need to make our immediate donors and people we serve happy now
and
you.
so they just
serve
these like short term like pointless number must go up at all times and if number does not go up that bad, it does not matter.
I think so. You know.
Um Yeah.
I mean that's like the crazy thing and that's why I don't know. Uh Yeah. I mean state of politics is pretty bad
and I assume in texas I don't know I don't know where you're hesitant to get political but uh well I'll just put it on the line. I'm not trump fan so.
that's
a big divide.
Okay. That's crazy. Uh
Yeah, I mean uh
that's why I tried I tried when ruth Bader Ginsburg died. I was just like yeah I have like with the pandemic and everything going on this year, I'm just I can't take it anymore.
Yeah.
I mean uh there's a lot more, there's a lot worse where where this came from, so.
yeah, I guess. Yeah, I mean it's like I got my flu shot that I go out that much but still got to get it. Um And uh yeah, I don't know. I was expecting like cases
to
like surge to like ridiculous levels when schools all went went went open, but as far as I haven't but I haven't and I stopped falling corona because I was driving me nuts.
Yeah. He's been uh
obviously
foolish. He did do a mask mandate, didn't they?
No, we didn't
crap.
Right, right. That was the original thing.
Yeah, that's bad. He's bad. Um,
yeah, he's not
up.
Yeah. I haven't heard much about Wendy Davis in a while. Like if she just kind of done,
oh, she is. Oh, wow.
I haven't followed the race against Corbyn. Uh, where is, wait, what is a corn and corn or corn from the corn in? Right, okay.
I can't.
Well,
yeah, that was a tough election year.
Yeah. I don't know. I guess. I'll believe it when I see it. I guess
people
said that four years ago at this time.
I was, because I was like, I was noting that like trump cut well within a few days, so trump announcing he had the coronavirus was within a few days of when the
that's the tape came up four years ago.
It was around that same time of october essentially.
you wouldn't, I mean that's what I thought that like there was no way like once the river met the road on the on this kind of thing,
but like it's like the thing that the republican mindset is such that like it doesn't exist unless it affects them personally, but they can't think outside that they can't think outside that. So it has to.
yeah and you know, it's not going to pay for either and so
so
I mean,
yeah, he's bad. Uh the person will come after him, probably going to be a lot worse.
No,
no, no, not buying, I mean the next republican, next Republican president.
Yeah, it's crazy is
even even if she wasn't confirmed, it wouldn't even if they didn't confirm her or she was somehow recused herself, they still wouldn't have the numbers this there would still be like so it's
it's
it was five there will be 53 conserve 6353 Okay so still when she was still win the political
lines.
What?
I
don't
like
exactly I mean Scalia
yeah Scalia and uh
um Yeah I don't know it's light just you know the Supreme Court is like the perfect example of this because like they're so dumb and um shortsighted that they jeopardize the very independence of the court itself. Not
that I was ever a good thing you
know?
Oh no I mean like like the independent mean that is I mean like um they're going to take it so far that the hot to start court packing or just taking away their power on some level because they know you guys you're good luck. How many, you know, uh like a famous quote from World War Two is, how many divisions does the pope have? You know, how many divisions does the Supreme Court have to actually effectuate their power
or as Andrew Jackson said? All right, He made the order now. Let him enforce it. So
Oh yeah.
Isn't that um
deal with this situation with our bird? Who is sick? Uh Very
We just got back from the vet. Uh The bird does not look great and uh yeah, I don't know. So it's kind of a it's not great uh the moment.
Um So I don't know what to say that the bird basically keeps playing exists and she can't handle that. She can't handle it. Um So
um Well hopefully the bird can last until Tuesday where they'll uh do some surgery because the problem is like she keeps laying these eggs but then like her like her cloacas basically the bird but it keeps falling out and it's awful. So
yeah, so you
know, she's not happy.
I know it's it's terrible taking I guess I'm taking a break from that, having the conversation to be honest with you. Um
I know. It's like you know sometimes with the political, like I said I was saying with the political stuff like I just got so bad. I was like and when it looked like a month ago that biden is actually contracting me actually screwed the pooch on this whole thing. Um I was like yeah, I can't deal with this.
I know, it's it's
like there's nothing good ever happens. And so
it's like,
yeah, I didn't
do it any
good.
basically it makes me not that you're rather. Yeah, so that makes me nuts. And then I corrected myself so I actually nuttier.
So
You must get that crazy question type on empirical out where they say, are you creative? Are you open to new? Are you? I kind of think you like to think about abstract problems. Yeah, he must be good at those.
Yeah. No, I just just use the entertainment medium. It's just being away. Just like yeah, just it's going to put my head down and just like things procedure a bit. I can't I can't do anything to affect them and getting involved in any direct action at this point anyways. It's risky for multiple reasons.
well anyways, so our time is like
you've
done the time. I got to deal with this bird situation, too.
Yeah. Thanks. Uh, yeah. Just fall through some of that stuff I told you it's
good.
Wait to yeah, take it to the next level, so to speak and just,
Yeah, Nice Chat and have a good one.