SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Okay, just make
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: sure who things working. Uh Okay. Uh huh. Reading the instructions here,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. As am I
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if if there's like a structured question thing or Oh
SPEAKER_L: um uh the only structure that I see is that it's gonna be, there's a there's a time on it, you know, it's supposed to be 25 minutes or more and that's pretty much that's pretty much it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: let me talk about. Okay, I guess introductions. Um My name is uh Stephanie and what's
SPEAKER_L: name
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: is todd
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: side.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, all right, cool. Um So
SPEAKER_L: where you hailing from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from florida in the States.
SPEAKER_L: Oh florida, okay, that's not too bad I guess I guess I'm on the you guys are on the rise, I'm going I'm on the to drop right now right now, I'm in new york city, so.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. Well yeah, I used to I used to live in new york in queens,
SPEAKER_L: also you know exactly how bad it got up here,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah, for sure
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: way too crowded. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what are we talking about?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh well for starters you got which part, you know exactly which part of new york I am, which part florida florida's big state, which part florida usa
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's like Deerfield Beach, there's just like basically around Fort Lauderdale, so yes, south florida mm
SPEAKER_L: yep, not been to that area, I've been to been to Miami, so when
SPEAKER_R: I'm uh
SPEAKER_L: the whole point,
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to university right now in Miami University of Miami, so uh
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm off now for the summer return,
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: course, of course, I mean naturally even if even if uh in non pandemic times you're off, because it's, you know, last week of Junior, also messages are gonna be off, but you guys, oh, all universities have to happen all pretty much or swap to remote learning what March I'm thinking.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was March, March meet week of March seven I think it was
SPEAKER_L: Right. Because I mean, my kids, my kids in pre kindergarten and we went to remote learning pretty much second week of March. And that's been the case going forward. And there has been talks about, well, let me ask you, has college campus reopened? Are they allowing anybody on campus?
SPEAKER_R: There they've been like really vague about reopening um But the plan right now for my university is just um like they're going to have us come on campus, but do like,
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: like a mix of in person and online.
SPEAKER_L: Two,
SPEAKER_R: I don't it's kind of weird to haven't given that many details about it. Um I'm staying home though because they're letting me do stuff online because I've got uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've got like asthma, so I'm not I'm
SPEAKER_L: Mr
SPEAKER_R: gonna go risk it, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I can see how remote learning Works because my last college experience, I haven't been in college since 2007, but even then, we were uh we were pretty much at the grassroots in terms of remote learning. I mean, we were submitting assignments to our professors, uh then like digital drop boxes, um but that was the extent that he was like, lesson plans were still uh, you know, lecture halls, recitals and in the whole nine, but you know, they were post up any of the materials that they gave out, you know, again, on those digital learning boards, that that that was the extent of like, we wouldn't hold sessions like this uh remotely I imagine in the span of, you know, 13 years, it's probably gone considerably flying, it's probably been pushed further
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: even in this case. Um and this pandemic. So I would imagine that going forward, I think a lot of this learning will probably like, you know, at some component is going to be a virtual component, I can't imagine right now, I can't imagine anybody even wanting to show up in class unless it's really much for example, uh that's that's the case. And lab classes were like classes you, there's a physical component to it where you have to um physically handle something rather than that. I mean, unless you take some computer classes and even in that case, um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: most pcs nowadays probably outstripped at least we now have you the last time I've been in a computer lab on the campus, you know, any most home Pcs outstripped whatever their capabilities are. So you're probably better off staying, you're right where you are, to be quite honest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I know a lot of people that are excited about going back, but I'm like, I'm just gonna stay home with my parents, like I don't I'm not gonna go out there.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, it's it's right now. The the excitement probably comes from the fact that, I mean you've been holed up for solo. I mean, look, but honestly new york city we've been reopening but it's a, it's pretty much of reopening but without uh certainty guidelines meaning, look, they tell you, you know, you're you're wearing a face mask when you go well your social distance. But it comes down to I mean, I mean, even even right now, as you know, new Yorkers rely on the subway. I can tell you right now you can probably go in one and it's not even up to 40% normal capacity. It's just gone down to the point where yes, you you have guidelines on reopening, but those are just guidelines. You know, nobody is is really taking it to heart. So you got a couple of people who are probably going out with any any guidelines. But the majority were just saying that, you know what? I'm probably in that camp honestly, until there's a vaccine, you're never gonna be truly comfortable going out. That's that's just the nature of things.
SPEAKER_R: Most of the cases in florida have just been um in Miami
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: um just because people are so excited to like go to bars and stuff now, go sit down at restaurants and I'm like, I'm not I'm not willing to die for some cheese fries, like I'm not gonna
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: do it.
SPEAKER_L: see the thing, the thing people down here is um That only stops if there's if there's enforcement against like for example, the general guideline here is you know, we don't want you to open the bar or if you do no more than 50% capacity, what happens if that's not met those conditions are met? It's really what happened to the proprietor in this case, the restaurant owner of the bar owner. And here they actually physically hand out tickets and they actually close down shop. I mean I know quite a few neighborhood bars that didn't force to force to close because essentially you could have opened up to your normal because neighborhood bars here, they might open up to the normal clientele and it might not be a party. But when your normal clientele fills out more than 50% of your bar space and that's that those are grounds for, you know, you can't continue operating the business
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: as per usual. So unfortunately, here I I know at least you know, 23 bars that have been forced to close in that way. And it makes it more difficult even if you say you're gonna meet those conditions, because now you're, especially bars, you're always in fear of losing. I mean if you lose your liquor license, that's pretty much game over these kids Exactly, sort of soda
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and have the patrons return. So ultimately I think it's the it's the enforcement. I mean what happens if they're holding a party indoors and people come in and you know, you have to, you pretty much have to stop it, you have to break up the party. And then what happens if if you tell me the restaurant owner is not on the hook for anything, he's just gonna do the same thing the next night. Because what's his risk if, if you people want to come into his place, pay him and then potentially, you know, getting infected down the road and said his phone. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I hear you. I mean it just sounds like a lot of quite a lot of people. It's always going to be virus later. Now. I can't, last time I went outdoors is probably and say outdoors, uh, literally, I mean outside of the, outside the defense of the property, obviously I haven't gone out bobby like six days.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am. My mom's been going out because like she thankfully still has a job because she's actually a doctor. Um
SPEAKER_L: cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she's not working in a hospital thankfully it's just like pediatrics. Um So gotta she's still putting on like a Hazmat suit just to like talk to patients and stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: What she should? I mean, it's basically, uh, my experience with the pediatric pediatrician is my, my son's pediatrician has been calling me. You know, he's, he's basically one going on to to and he hasn't, there's a, there's a requisite number of shots that he has to take, right? And I'll tell
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: you why I just, but I basically, the parent just kept pushing off saying that we can just be rescheduled. Music gets to a point where, Um, I'm glad my pediatrician is doing is where normally the office would be like, you know, you probably have 10, 15 people or waiting now. It's literally, well that's that's probably might be read to new york. But now it's actually, I'm kind of used to seeing the suburb treatment where it's like If
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: you have a six, if you have a 9:00 appointment, you're the only person in there besides the receptionist and potentially the doctor, which is good. I mean, I think
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I think that that that helps. I mean, honestly, I realized the pediatrician will probably be doing a lot less business. But again, they're essential. I mean, there are essential workers. So in this, in this case for them to keep working. They
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: know they know the deal. I mean, my my my sister works as a nurse, but thankfully also not in the hospital, but you do, you come into contact with patients, you come into contact with patients that could have could or might not be infected. And from
SPEAKER_R: You look
SPEAKER_L: her
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: her standpoint, you know, she works as a visiting nurse. You know, she's in come in contact with patients and unless you do your uh prerequisite, you know, the entire PP you get up and even then, you know, what was questioned even then, how great is it? I mean, I I still get people ask me, you know, right now, I just religiously, I I put on a mask whenever I go up.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, for sure.
SPEAKER_L: But you know, I got people who asked me that if everybody, if everybody that you see you're wearing masses then how come let's forget the overall numbers and let's just put that aside and say why are those numbers going up? But if the people that you know are also wearing masses how come you physically know people who who has gotten sick from this virus and honestly you know I don't know what to tell them. Um uh Pretty interesting thought though I have a I have a friend who is a clinical director and um basically in hospitals what they've used. And also they just recently started using this in the M. T. A. They have been using um uh ultraviolet light to kill to disinfect sterilize surfaces. The only thing um I mean I've been reading about that honestly might be of interest to most people but obviously you get much sunny weather in florida and then we get here in um in new york. What it boils down to here is this and that was the whole um if you hear about summer weather being more detrimental to pretty much any sort of virus is is because of the abundance of ultraviolet light. And for what I've been told by this clinical director friend here is that um you have basically the sunlight consists of three spectrum ultraviolet like you have A. B. And C. As you know, A. And B. Is basically what what your sunscreen protects against. And it's basically that's what that's what causes your sunburn or you know, be is what causes your skin
SPEAKER_R: About
SPEAKER_L: cancer. However there's a there's a third
SPEAKER_R: thanks,
SPEAKER_L: type and that's C. And that is the type that gets filtered out by the ozone layer. Now from what I've been told hospitals use that to disinfect surfaces. You're not supposed to
SPEAKER_R: He's
SPEAKER_L: expose
SPEAKER_R: the father.
SPEAKER_L: that to your skin or any, you know, let's live in part of you. But I've been told that it is effective against, you know, sterilizing surfaces and to the point where it might be 5-10 seconds. So, for example, you, my keyboard right here might be a, Since I use the keyboard heavily, maybe a 15 2nd thing. Um, if it's just a package that came in and everybody has has interpretation. I mean, my wife right now is probably anxious whenever she gets a package that, you know, it has to be disaffected.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So that might be something to look at where all you have to shine a light on it for about 5, 10 seconds. And you're at least giving some sort of, uh, I guess the assurance that the package is safe was safe as it can be from the coronavirus. And that seems like it's it's not a bad thing to look into. I mean, I wish, I wish I knew more about it. But all I know is it has it's pros and cons
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: people vouch for that. It does work. But I don't want to give the false sense of security, which is, which is one thing. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: like actually
SPEAKER_L: working?
SPEAKER_R: like pulling up like google things now just to like read later after we're like
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: after
SPEAKER_L: No problem.
SPEAKER_R: we're done
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: problem. No problem. This is
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: I'm just like, that actually sounds kinda interesting. So
SPEAKER_L: honestly, you could find you VC lamps anywhere between, I'll say on the lower end $15 on a high end, maybe $200. But to me that's still Honestly, seems insignificant because I don't know if you read the latest news, the that
SPEAKER_R: At
SPEAKER_L: drug that they were saying to use for COVID-19 patients. The remdesivir, It's supposed to be like, even though they were charging the government $359 a vial.
SPEAKER_R: Shit.
SPEAKER_L: And each each patient needed and that that's not it. Each patient needed five vials or five day course. And to make it even worse, I don't know if you have insurance but they were charging health insurance provide us $550 a vial By five. That's over $2500. So I figured If I could ensure that I won't get the virus and on pay is you know $200 I probably paid every day of the week. You know just this just goes to show.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So if that works by all means you know go for because you just have to be careful when using it. I I personally don't have any experience using it. I'm
SPEAKER_R: With competitive.
SPEAKER_L: pro I'm asking all my doctor friends, my nurse sister and see if they have any experience with it. I haven't gotten any feedback yet. But
SPEAKER_R: Before.
SPEAKER_L: if it works again, it's another form of um insurance in this case. You want to have it versus you don't, I want to have it. And quite honestly you don't know if the package comes in or something or surfaces infected. Just I mean to me yes UV C
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: light is harmful to human skin and human and don't stare into the light. But beyond that, I mean I I honestly don't mind my surfaces or but disinfected every every now and then. So I feel that you know that's probably something useful to have,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm gonna probably look into it and ask my mom. She would probably know something more about it than I do, But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: hey she's using a Hazmat suit. She's got again this is not a new technology. I mean they're talking about it. Oh it's been in use five years since the late 70s. It's been used. It's just not popular and I can see why because you know you make a device that's unsafe to use then. Yeah, you would be probably saying that okay, we could probably give this to the public, but
SPEAKER_R: I wonder.
SPEAKER_L: you know, Two out of 10 people might use it, right? And they'll be safe. But eight out of 10, they're going to have some sort of, it's gonna be a lawsuit because somebody's gonna get hurt from this, right? I guess that's what, that's what it boils down to.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah. It's kind of like weird being in this place because there's just so much like in this point in time just because there's so much happening right now and like a lot of things that like I just didn't even think about before, like now it's just constantly at the forefront of my mind like all a minute.
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: girl,
SPEAKER_R: just I used to just rinse my hands instead of doing the full 20 seconds. And now like just even like tiny things like that to like, Like it's kind of weird to think about how 06 months ago I was just like, you know, you know, working a job, going into the office, going to restaurants and things like that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: mean just
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: working there.
SPEAKER_L: like something as simple as um uh well, you know this one, I'm gonna build on my experience here, but basically
SPEAKER_R: More than
SPEAKER_L: in my lifetime, flying, flying on airlines and I do that at least, you know, once or twice, at least twice a year. Actually, it just seems like the seats have gotten tighter
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and tighter and in the back of your mind you're only thinking that, oh wait, this is probably just you know inconvenient thing. It sucks being stuck in the middle seat or it sucks that the seats are getting tighter and tighter. But it always just used to be inconvenient, a comfort thing. You never thought of it as being dangerous. You never thought of the guy
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: next to me or what happens if I catch the flu? Yeah, I'll live through it. You never think that. You don't think that. Okay. No, now you don't want to modify the middle seat and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it's a life or death situation. You know,
SPEAKER_R: shoot
SPEAKER_L: you never think to say,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: if somebody's not covering up when they're sneezing that again, it's a bad thing, but it's never life or death thing now now the
SPEAKER_R: Help
SPEAKER_L: fact that matter is that it
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: is, and I look at this year and it's funny. I look at this year and say any one of the, but let's start the topics right. You know the coronavirus, the Australian brush fires, the social Justice, unrest. Any of these topics would probably a number one topic in any of the previous 10 years, easily, easily. It will be like this is the topic that's, that's on everybody's mind, Everybody's gonna be talking about it and that's it. It would dominate the news, the airwaves and they'll
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: be the number one topic. But now this year you're probably thinking the way in fact
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: # one topic are we on today?
SPEAKER_L: exactly exactly. You know, I was just, I was just talking with my friend the other day and it was like basically we were talking in january like should we donate money to the Australian brush fires to at least help some of the conditions of the wildlife there. Right? And now we talk about it, this was in january. Now we talk about it, you know, in june we're gonna like, hey remember the brush fires? Yeah. Is that still happening? Nobody
SPEAKER_R: I felt
SPEAKER_L: even,
SPEAKER_R: like that feels like 10 years ago, the first
SPEAKER_L: that felt
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to think.
SPEAKER_L: the whole lifetime ago. It's almost like, well that's not even part of it. So it feels like any one of these topics really could have been a number one topic on any given year. Sounds like everything is really crashing up to this year and it happens to be an election year. It just, you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: who?
SPEAKER_L: you know what, that just makes it, that just makes it a cherry on top. If this happen, if all this happened last year, we'll be like, you know, we have to deal with it. But now they throw this all on top of an election. It just like, you know
SPEAKER_R: I'm not looking forward to november,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: department.
SPEAKER_R: because this is my first year actually being able to vote because I'm like 18 going on 19 next month. Um and I was, I was like, oh boy, I'm excited, let me go vote for Bernie Sanders and then he dropped out of the race,
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: like I bothered to show up to a primary. That's pretty impressive. Like a teenager.
SPEAKER_L: I, I hear yeah. Because when I was in college, I'll be uh when I was in college, I think the first, the first vote I went to, that was the first Yeah, that was that was Obama's first term, Right? And that was the first time I went there to vote. And I got out, I was like, you know, man, this is wait, why am I doing what I'm doing well? And I could even figure it because I'm in new york. So I say, I tell people if I don't go vote in a presidential primary, I think the presidential primary matter more to me than the actual election, because we're not, especially in this electoral college that went, you're you're in a much better position than than new Yorkers are because we're really a Democratic stronghold. I mean, I don't think we have at least neighborhood speaking. I do not think that we're never ever going to be a Republican state.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: So it's almost like, first of all I tell everybody call their vote and then secretly I tell them what's my vote going to do. Because if I don't vote Democratic in a you're in a blue and red state that could swing one way or the other, which is why your vote carries so much more. I could vote red to the till, the cows come home. But my state is so dark blue. It's really, really not going to make a difference. That's what it ends up count. That's what I say, my vote counts, but only because it's a number. Whereas I think in your case, your vote counts a lot more than mine. So I I make use of it. But man, it just sucks that what's your take? Are they allowing? I know we are there. They allow it here, are there long mail in ballots at in florida?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've gotten a couple of like emails about it, but I don't, I think they are, let me just check out a little bit of florida. I um, I need to like sign up for it though. I think.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, I I would try to use that because in this day
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: in this stage,
SPEAKER_R: not like if like, I'm not going to show up to a physical polling place. I
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: am not. Um,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: actually I voted in the primary the week before lockdown. So I actually did go in verse it
SPEAKER_L: We're all so go figure. But I look at it and say, you know what? We've had everybody's had their story. I've had my story where a polling place does not go as planned. What's wrong with the mail in ballot? What? Somebody steals my mail in ballot or why can't we do so if they and yeah, this is also the year of the census. For God's sakes. Everything happens.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you know this sense? I was actually going, I applied to work for the census and they accepted my application and they're like, we'll get back to you on the job details and they never got back to me because corona happened. I
SPEAKER_L: they deeply much figure
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: the most important thing story about
SPEAKER_L: exactly. They can send you the details and they can say, hey, are you ready to work? But you're going to tell them not on your life.
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: That's exactly what it
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: your, not on your life, am I going to go knocking on people's doors?
SPEAKER_L: exactly. But if we could rely, if the census could be now in the case of coronavirus could be reliably handed handled online, why not why not your your ballots? I mean I don't get right, it just doesn't make any sense to me. That's if you're about why can't it be counted digitally? And if we're gonna be worrying about uh interference from the Russians or any other party in this case, they they've shown that they could they could alter the polling place doesn't stop online. But at this at this rate I think a few people were connected enough digitally that they should not be a problem to just send in my vote electronic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think also insisted that are like voter suppression and they want to get as few people counting casting their votes as possible. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: And it's just very frustrating. I'm like, oh boy, it's like, oh boy, welcome to politics. Here you go. Pandemic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I almost love it because again, another story that's dumb in the headlines and it doesn't get its spoken a lot more in my household because my my my wife is from Hong kong, is there just there. So so unless there their whole hiccup on about, you know, their independence and it was the whole talk about how that they're fighting for democracy, fighting for what we have. And I'm looking at it going lightweight, we have to vote between a rock and a hard place. How is that? Yes, that's that's technically democracy. Yes. You could choose between that rock and the hard place. That's making great choices, but it's your choice, isn't it? So I look at it and say, you know what? There's no there's no real true democratic process. It's not like the guy, if the guy you wanted to go Into office, doesn't have the connections, the resources, the whole nine, I'm sorry, but we are really in a two party system. I can only think. I always look at and say, wouldn't it be nice if we had a like a mr smith goes to Washington story where, you know, this guy might be a complete independent and really doesn't need backing of anybody and he just rose to the ranks of where he is now the president. He would have the worst job in America, for God's sakes. You know, you have you have one
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: half of the house against you and
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: the other half now also against you, you wouldn't be able to pass one. In fact, you'll be the president, you'd
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: be able to veto anything that comes your way, but you would not be able to get one thing fast. One thing because well, when they actually are you standing on my party or standing with their part, that's a that's american politics in a nutshell, isn't it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I I don't I'm not looking forward to the next four years politically
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: because either either we get either we get more trump or we get biden and I'm I mean
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: I'm voting
SPEAKER_L: are no good
SPEAKER_R: democrat
SPEAKER_L: choices.
SPEAKER_R: but I'm not happy about it.
SPEAKER_L: There are no good choice. It's almost like people are saying that, wait, why go for biden? I'm like because the alternative is trump, but you're just making that argument is really just an argument against trump. Not for biden. You know, you're you're saying that, hey, you know, he's not the next trump. That's your argument. I'm sorry. That is my uh when, when that argument could be taken at face value
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and that is technically true. That's when you say, man, we are we are really stuck down this road, are we? We really don't have any other better choices, do we? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Wait, let me check the time. Oh, it's been 27 minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: no problem.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm going to hop off
SPEAKER_L: Thanks, Stephanie,
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: Stephanie.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was really nice to be too high.
SPEAKER_L: Enjoy. Bye bye.