Hi. Okay, just make
sure who things working. Uh Okay. Uh huh. Reading the instructions here,
I don't know if if there's like a structured question thing or Oh
Sorry um
let me talk about. Okay, I guess introductions. Um My name is uh Stephanie and what's
your
I'm sorry.
Okay, all right, cool. Um So
I'm from florida in the States.
Okay, cool. Well yeah, I used to I used to live in new york in queens,
Yeah yeah, for sure
are
what are we talking about?
I mean it's like Deerfield Beach, there's just like basically around Fort Lauderdale, so yes, south florida mm
I'm uh
I'm going to university right now in Miami University of Miami, so uh
I'm off now for the summer return,
but
Yeah it was March, March meet week of March seven I think it was
There they've been like really vague about reopening um But the plan right now for my university is just um like they're going to have us come on campus, but do like,
like a mix of in person and online.
I don't it's kind of weird to haven't given that many details about it. Um I'm staying home though because they're letting me do stuff online because I've got uh
I've got like asthma, so I'm not I'm
gonna go risk it, so. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah.
Yeah, I I know a lot of people that are excited about going back, but I'm like, I'm just gonna stay home with my parents, like I don't I'm not gonna go out there.
Most of the cases in florida have just been um in Miami
um just because people are so excited to like go to bars and stuff now, go sit down at restaurants and I'm like, I'm not I'm not willing to die for some cheese fries, like I'm not gonna
do it.
Good.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah. I am. My mom's been going out because like she thankfully still has a job because she's actually a doctor. Um
Yeah, she's not working in a hospital thankfully it's just like pediatrics. Um So gotta she's still putting on like a Hazmat suit just to like talk to patients and stuff, but
There.
of course.
Well,
What?
You look
terrible.
Oh yeah, for sure.
About
thanks,
He's
the father.
What?
No.
Yeah. I'm
like actually
like pulling up like google things now just to like read later after we're like
after
we're done
here.
Because
I'm just like, that actually sounds kinda interesting. So
At
Shit.
No.
With competitive.
Before.
All
Yeah. I'm gonna probably look into it and ask my mom. She would probably know something more about it than I do, But yeah.
I wonder.
Mm. Yeah. It's kind of like weird being in this place because there's just so much like in this point in time just because there's so much happening right now and like a lot of things that like I just didn't even think about before, like now it's just constantly at the forefront of my mind like all a minute.
I
just I used to just rinse my hands instead of doing the full 20 seconds. And now like just even like tiny things like that to like, Like it's kind of weird to think about how 06 months ago I was just like, you know, you know, working a job, going into the office, going to restaurants and things like that
because
I was
working there.
More than
And
But
All
shoot
good.
Thank
you.
Help
well,
What?
Which
# one topic are we on today?
I felt
like that feels like 10 years ago, the first
way
to think.
that's
who?
I'm not looking forward to november,
I
because this is my first year actually being able to vote because I'm like 18 going on 19 next month. Um and I was, I was like, oh boy, I'm excited, let me go vote for Bernie Sanders and then he dropped out of the race,
like I bothered to show up to a primary. That's pretty impressive. Like a teenager.
Good.
Um I've gotten a couple of like emails about it, but I don't, I think they are, let me just check out a little bit of florida. I um, I need to like sign up for it though. I think.
I'm
not like if like, I'm not going to show up to a physical polling place. I
just
am not. Um,
actually I voted in the primary the week before lockdown. So I actually did go in verse it
Oh, you know this sense? I was actually going, I applied to work for the census and they accepted my application and they're like, we'll get back to you on the job details and they never got back to me because corona happened. I
think
the most important thing story about
not
on
your, not on your life, am I going to go knocking on people's doors?
Yeah. I think also insisted that are like voter suppression and they want to get as few people counting casting their votes as possible. Um
And it's just very frustrating. I'm like, oh boy, it's like, oh boy, welcome to politics. Here you go. Pandemic. Yeah.
And
good.
No.
I I don't I'm not looking forward to the next four years politically
because either either we get either we get more trump or we get biden and I'm I mean
I'm voting
democrat
but I'm not happy about it.
No.
All right. Wait, let me check the time. Oh, it's been 27 minutes. Okay.
So I'm going to hop off
just,
yeah, it was really nice to be too high.