it's a mhm. What? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. But okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Mhm. Oh okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Okay. Ah Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. Mhm. Actually Mhm. Mhm. New studies available on prolific. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay.
Hello?
Yeah, hold on. Just 1 2nd. Oh all right.
Hey
you hear me
offer?
My name is Rachel.
You're the first guy that I've seen so far.
Uh this is my 3rd one but it's been ladies before you.
That sounds fun. Yeah.
Were you worried about him? Like did he seem like he was having done as a drunk or was he like this is how I live my life
at the moment?
No.
I mean what did he think what happened going from being a corporate lawyer to working for a non profit?
back
home?
Ah Well I don't know if you're a trump supporter so I'm just gonna say that the last lady that I talked to was a trump supporter but I kind of
understood
her
perspective more then I guess I hadn't really had a conversation with a trump supporter but hers was mostly about abortion and I can kind of see that because I'm more flexible with people that have issues with abortion. Just because it must be hard if you really think that babies are being killed like you don't want babies to be killed. That makes sense.
But I'm just okay with babies being killed. So
it
wasn't it was very very period of time because as soon as I said that we kind of visited away I didn't want to get to devolve into like a big argument but she had, she was like really, she needed help with like medical stuff. I think she was on disability and so she wanted, we started talking about like a social safety net and so I thought that maybe I would be talking to the liberal, but no, she was just someone with very liberal views that wanted to vote for trump for some reason.
Yeah, I was there anything to and beyond that. I was like hanging maybe I can have some good ideas, but I don't know. Uh
I'm from the south actually.
I'm from Birmingham Alabama, but I mean we see
southern wall. Yeah,
I guess
that
I don't know what happened to it at some point. I think maybe when I was a kid it was embarrassing even though surrounded by southerners. But something in my head was like, you got to get this
if
you ever travel, you don't want to be identified as a southerner.
No,
don't get rid
of
that.
no,
they like that's a hard time I identifying with like the people that wanted Brexit because I just have this idea in my head that british people like sophisticated, they're just reading books all the time and understanding things a lot better, but they're not, they're just, there are lots of like rednecks and there are people that just I stupid. Oh
down.
Whoa, that's cool. I uh stayed up there for a while when I was doing a community garden with my friend and you have to kind of know like some people in the punk scene
and a little anarchist house, it seems like a nice community, a little dangerous. But
yeah, we're too old. I think we think that it would be weird
Like
this month
was started 35
this month like just
now
I was at
university.
Well yeah. Do the cost out There are outrageous. I lived there before I
came here and I mean honestly
that
was part
of
it. I didn't want to pay that much and it was a great city but like way better than here actually. I kind of heard that. But
what
while the
protests
are going on?
I think it was very short lived. Yeah.
It's,
what do you mean like people on the streets or
for food,
are
you
homeless and not just like regular dc people?
Were
you in downtown proper or like
do you remember
the name you
come?
What kind of uh fair when you eating?
Yeah it's very american you have no idea what you're talking about. But I don't I don't know because I don't go downtown studies available on, I usually like I live on the outskirts and uh kind of in a newly gentrifying area
but it's it's nice if
yeah, that's a goofy thing. I see people smoking balls in their cars a lot and Yeah, I used to do that when I was in my young early 20s, but I don't know people are getting super irresponsible I think. But yeah,
Children.
eric.
and
that is,
I think you can have up to a certain amount and five plants at your home if I'm not one, but it's not something they're looking for and I think we just decriminalized mushrooms as well. Yeah.
Which people, if I was still into that
stuff like this is all lost on me, but the kids are loving it.
Well,
wow, I'm not sure if it's strictly in a medical capacity though. I remember voting on it but I didn't read it very well apparently, but
Mhm. Well used to treat like ptsd and anxiety and I think people with cancer also, they're just like kind of have you ever done psychedelics?
Make you really feel positive I guess.
I think now like now that I'm older, I kind of have anxiety so I would I haven't thought about doing psychedelics but I guess they have like a guide that they're using. I think they like I have a friend who used it to deal with alcoholism and he was for the therapist and I guess as long as you're being guided it could work out fine, but I'm not really, I don't think that's for me
personally.
it was hard now. I'm glad I have like a bad trip and freak out.
Yeah. And I would like to be with friends.
Not like
some
random in some sterile environment with some therapist. I don't think that.
No, it sounds kind of scary harmlessly. Mm
Why would
you say that?
Oh my gosh. Yeah, that's, that's not the right thing to say. Someone is having potentially bad time, wow. His friends an asshole.
Afterwards.
But
yeah, I am. I feel lucky that I made it through my drug use period with about too many mental scars I think.
You don't know until something like happens later on in life and your, I don't know, do you sell drugs at all or
do you drink? Mm.
Um Just this year I've been kind of going through most like months without drinking and then every once in a while I'll have a beer on
election night, I had like four beers and I'm kind
of drunk but uh huh
Yeah my tolerance is way down. I just, it's weird that that's kind of how we socialize is I kind of miss seeing what people were like without either me being drunk or them being drunk. I don't know. She's going,
I don't think I can't, they're, they're red stay, right? I don't, I don't think we're gonna get along in Utah.
I don't like religion either though. I don't know. Mm Yeah.
What do they believe in? Great some fucked up shit. Because I had a friend who grew up mormon I think and he was black and they really still is, well,
it's always going to have a thing for him, but he said they had to
do,
uh, he's pretty dark. I don't know. It would take a lot of effort on his part. But
racist beliefs. Uh I forgot that he kind of one night we were on the phone and he just walked me through all their racism and it was pretty funny the way he told it, but it's, it's not right.
Does
it
make
you mad?
Yeah, that's what I heard on that, right?
I
don't
care
what.
Well, I think what makes me sad and I was never like fully invested in it, but it's just that there's like nothing taking care of us like in the present. Just like it would be nice to have the concept. There is a god like making things been towards justice or, but it's still, it's like really like chaos. It's kind of a toss up whether good people will win or bad people will win and yeah, that makes me a little sad I guess. Okay.
No.
probably buddhism
I think because they have a lot of practices and
basic, the basic tenants
are just like doing it's kind of the same everywhere. But buddhism has really stripped it first of all, of a belief in a higher power. So you're kind of like it's you and reality and you just don't harm people. It's not, it's actually kind of strict like you have to not, I don't think you're supposed to use substances or eat meat or lie or steal just like and then you're supposed to meditate a lot. That's the goal is to like control your thoughts and be but also be present in the moment. Okay. And yeah, there's just a lot of work that you put into developing who you are so that you can interact with people in a loving and kind way. But it's a lot of
work. Lot of meditation.
And
and like
the abstinence from certain things like food, different types of foods and alcohol and stuff.
Probably specifically because you're harming
Um I was and I eat like a a lot of vegetable meals but I need more protein. I exercise and I want to run and do stuff like that and I just I would have to really be watching my diet and making sure I got enough without me and I'm too lazy I guess right now. We did more.
Do
you not
before
back?
What
can
you
have
with your pancakes?
Oh do you bake
the pancakes?
Are you help? You know, do you feel like uh you eat too much meat? Have you
ever had like, well, I mean as long as your body is healthy
really? I've never been to the gym. Well no, I went once in the head to the gym, but I haven't been to the gym here and I feel like it's different for a girl probably because I don't like working out around a bunch of dudes. It just is not, I don't know. I feel like it's a little uncomfortable, but
guys probably like it get a different vibe in the gym.
This
is what
is available
on politics.
No.
I don't
know.
Yeah, I'm not in that level of weightlifting
where I need a spot or so.
I mean that's, that happens pretty walking in my neighborhood. Like I ran across some guy like
humping a bike and the last time I was just out walking this dude that was homeless was underneath the blanket, definitely drugging off. I was like, okay dude, I'm just gonna walk past. You. Try not make eye contact.
he was definitely doing something with me.
man.
Youtube,
Bye.