in. Yeah.
Hi, can hear me?
Mhm.
Mhm. Hello? Hi,
I can hear you.
Uh My name is ted what's your name,
Rachel?
Oh yeah. Have you done a lot of these?
Yeah I had 1 um a few months ago and the guy was with was super drunk. Yeah
yeah it was fun, it was his lawyer and he was like constantly knocking over like his drinks and stuff and he knocked over something else. It was pretty pretty entertaining.
It
was hard to tell. He was he was complaining
that he uh he was complaining that he had just gotten a new job for a non profit and how he wasn't making as much money as he used to something as a corporate attorney. I couldn't really follow the conversation to be honest. I was just sort of I was just sort of you know going with it. So
yeah, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. But yeah he was complaining about it and then um he knocked over a glass that shattered and he was like I'm cool, I'm good, don't worry about it. So yeah, how
have
you have your conversation's been?
you
can see the
documentation.
of course.
wow. You talk politics. That's tough. That's a hard
topic.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't like either of them honestly I was I was looking for uh I was looking for Bernie but voted for biden out of uh out of spite for trump. So basically
So where you from
then?
Really? You don't have a you don't have a
yeah, I would have
been able
to tell.
we're gonna get
together.
I don't know if there's some there's some uh I mean not to make you feel bad about losing it but there is something to be in a little bit unique you know? Um There was a guy at my last company who had a lot of british accent and he was trying to lose it and
I'm like
I'm
like
I'm like why? I'm like you sound smarter, Everybody listens to you even if you have nothing
to say.
Yeah that's cool. So you're in D. C. So you're
not you're not you're not actually far I'm in Baltimore.
What?
it's got it's got is I've only been here since february. Um I was in uh I was in Arlington before that but the rents there just get just skyrocketed, you know, it's impossible to get any reasonable place there unless you want roommates and I tossed the entire idea of roommates years ago. So.
Yeah my brother actually he's uh So I'm 35 and so I'm I just turned 35 actions sometimes I forget how old I am. Um
and
my
I'm sorry
On
29 October so just
weeks you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Thanks. You know when you I just yeah sometimes just forget. Um But yeah but my my stepbrother or he's my half brother, he's um Uh three years older than me And he's 38 and he lives in san Francisco and he still lives with two roommates. He's done, he's lived with roommates his entire life
work.
I
understand
how
important.
I haven't been in D. C. In a while I was there. Um Why was that? There was in D. C. A couple months ago? For what? I I don't know, I think it was just meeting somebody for dinner or something and um it was complete chaos. It was it was
it was during like the uh bell
and
stuff.
Yeah it was right around that time, it was a few months ago but it was like complete chaos like they were like and I couldn't I mean there were places it when D. C. D. C. Ever fully shut down in terms of like restaurants and stuff, is there locked down there? Yeah
got it. So this was right around the time when the restaurants were opening but they weren't open in Baltimore yet so that but they were open like for I think for inside and outside dining there I think um and we went to eat out this place outside and it was just total chaos. There's like a
different world actually
people on the streets and just like
lot more homeless people in Baltimore, actually, just a ton of homeless people wandering around yelling. There was a guy with a box cutter knife, just you know, walking around randomly, and this was this was like this was like like three p.m. in the afternoon on a Sunday and
they shut
down.
I don't know. I don't know. Is that is that how is that how D. C. Normally is?
It
was by um it
was by
uh it was outdoor seating, it was by um the uh it was close to the walmart down there. I remember the walmart closed early because
of some chaos. So there's a walmart um around the corner there was a uh whole foods, I want to say, I don't know, the restaurant had like an orange uh orange decor sort of.
it was american, I had a cheeseburger. Beer Orange.
Well
that's cool, that's cool. Um. Uh Oh yeah and the other thing is my I took an Uber there and I took a Uber back and the lady who brought me back remember she was she was super high.
Yeah when I was in high school I smoke so much pot in my car that And that I mean this is as I was 17 years ago um had
a Ford Mustang and I smoke so much pot of my car that when we were out of weed this wasn't like this was in Connecticut. Um We would just do a search in my car were like open up the seats, see what dropped. And we would we would just inevitably
find like a bowl of something just like laying around so two. Yeah it was a
good time
So we just we just uh remind me so we does 100% legal in D. C. right?
Really
mushrooms?
Really like just
classic shrooms? Huh? I've heard a little bit about that but I don't know anything about it. Um wow I didn't know that. I didn't even know they were thinking about that. What
do you uh
but actually
really that it would make me feel super anxious. Yeah.
they
are not. You're over that. Yeah.
Yeah I think I think with those things that also depends who you're who you're with. Also
get
used
to it.
that doesn't that doesn't sound pleasant at all.
there was a guy who was a famous director I saw a movie about him and like from boston and he took some he took some shrooms once he was at heart. He was a Harvard student And he took a bunch of shrooms. This was in like the early 80s or something. And um he walked up to someone who's just like you know one of his friends came and no it wasn't sure I'm sorry it was LSD it was LSD and one of his friends came out to him and he was like and he's like man I really wish this trip would stop. I wonder when when this is going to end? And his friends said what if it never ends?
I
don't know. But it spawned him into a circle and he never ended. He actually had to go to a mental ward and they had to do some like LSD retraining therapy and then to this day he says he's still messed up from that point comment. All right.
What if it never ends? That's like the last thing you want to say. But apparently at the time so many people were were dropping acid that you could go to a hospital and I don't know if it works. But there are doctors. They had like some special antidote that could possibly like reverse it sooner than later but it didn't work for him and we're going to mental hospital. He ended up doing some films. But
yeah, he became a film director so he's a film director. Um
But he's sort of never been the same since then. Yeah,
that's good. Yeah, me as well I believe. I think so. You never know. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. I'll have some beers, some wine, whatever here and there. But yeah, I don't really binge drink sometimes. I do, but not often. What about yourself?
Do you expect
you're
taller, goes down.
well you could always move to Utah.
Yeah well you know the mormons mormons, I'm not religious but the mormons seem super happy all the time and they're always in really good shape and they always look like they're chiseled and having a good time and they're completely sober. At least they say they are.
But maybe there's something to that, I don't know.
he was
he
could he could go away, he could go away. It is possible.
And you're saying heat
mm. Yeah, I'm not sure, I don't yeah I think all that is kind of a little bit fucked up, pretty much most of the religions anyways. But I don't know, I grew up in the church uh Episcopalian but I started to believe in when I was like 12 years old. Yeah, I
just
woke
up on,
no, but it would be nice to believe in something, no
it
doesn't
make me
sad,
it does make me sad, but you know obviously one would like to be fully bought into the concept that after you die there is something there like a magical world, you know, that would like that would be an ideal situation, but it doesn't make me sad, you know?
yeah there's no like real rules, just chaos, so um no yeah, I don't know um if you were to be religious or are you religious? Oh
no you're not, yeah, I could tell that based on what you just said, but yeah, if you were which one would you be going towards? Oh
I had a lot of people say that and uh not a lot of people can explain it to me. They're just like it's spiritual. Uh huh.
Thank
you.
It's
Yeah. The work is the meditation. Yeah.
Come
on.
Mhm. What types of food? Like me?
Thanks. Are you vegetarian?
Yeah, I'm out if I need to eat meat. Actually, I need to eat meat with every meal. If I don't have a pretty much pretty much if I don't have meat for a meal, I feel like what did I just eat? I don't know. I
feel
I
don't feel satisfied.
I feel like I can't I wouldn't be able to just eat a pancake.
I want
to be able to
do
it.
Your bacon?
All
No, but I could like have it as a side. I mean like I can have a pancake, but I need I would need some sort of something else. I don't know. It's weird. So
No.
Yeah. No, I don't feel like, yeah, I'm pretty I'm in pretty good shape. Although although I have been slacking a lot off during Covid because I'm just not going to the gym. Um So, but I've been trying to work out at home, but uh I don't know. It's not the same.
Well,
Well, yeah, I mean, I need a I
need like
rack
with rates
and I need somebody to spot me, you know,
and I need to lift
heavy
weights and stuff like that when you're at home. It just push ups. I got some dumbbells, but it just doesn't it just doesn't feel the same. You know john
all
Yeah that's I think that's the difference. Uh And you said you like to run and you're running running better outside anyways. Um Except when you're running into homeless people in D. C. A.
No
he's got he's got to do what he has to do. You know he's got he's got to make ends meet when you're on the street so well
I think we're out of time but it was nice to meet you and uh
have a great day
see you right