I'm sorry. Yeah. Okay. Good morning.
Hi. Mhm.
Yeah.
I am
okay with yourself.
Good.
My last one. I did didn't work out too well. Yeah.
Oh everything's
good here 11
time. A city big so it's pretty it's pretty hectic.
I live in florida so it's pretty hectic.
In Hawaii
pack.
Well, I wish we could say slightly.
I'm
not
but I live right across
the street from the beach.
Well for the most part usually it is but not really because the traffic is horrendous.
So probably from say a mid february until november. It's bumper to bumper, you can't get out of driveway. Uh Other than that It is what it is, especially 50% capacity here but every parking lot is completely false.
I've seen me and my husband went down the street across the bridge and it takes
about Maybe 15 minutes. Not even get always you know over the bridge depend in my
city and I got a piece of paper out and I wrote Between here my house in the bring how many different license? I saw it. I saw like 14. Mhm.
So yeah I get kind of rude out you're not that we will get a hell home. Yeah. Yeah.
My husband's like stop, stop though. Well people get shot like that. I'm like no. Well yeah but you know don't miss that. Are you? I said the white folk that shoot
up moves and stuff and this black focus you have each other but everybody else. My husband's african americans. So uh huh.
Yeah. So I was like when you ever see any mass shootings? Never a black person.
Well you know been building up for years and years and years and years and I'm not a very big religious person. Not that I don't believe in God in the bible and all that kind of stuff.
But
you know, you know, you have to look at some of it and say, you know over the past, Say the past 20 years. You how do you you don't mind me asking?
How old are you if you don't mind me asking?
Honey wine? Okay. Well, okay. Well You wouldn't know. But I guess let's say even the last 10 years that you can remember think about 11 years old, how many fires? Didn't remember how many floods? Can you remember over all over the United States? All over the world? Over the last 10 years?
But I would say at least over the last 20 years I'm 50 and I would say the fires in California, the hurricane, the
bloods
of North that happened look all the time somebody is floating somewhere. It's just one after another, after another, after another. You know, it just seems like
every other two years or something. The second project that has happened,
you know,
like I went through hurricane injury In 1992, jennifer or detail with your hurricane Katrina in Mississippi and then I went to hurricane Michael here in the panhandle of florida. Matter of fact, hurting Michael was five miles from my house with land.
It was documented at the time before, but when it hit land, it was technically a farm And it went from a 3 - five and 12 hours. Like everybody went to bed tonight before thinking it's a three and it's going to be fine. Wake up the next morning, 9:00 and all hell broke loose.
Well I've been through so many that it's nothing but the thing I just left, I say for Andrew, I say for Katrina, I'm not saying for the excellent. And I live in a mobile home and write a question to be. So I mean the hurricane goes like this okay.
It hit it hit here and I live here and in between here and here is part of my city. You see, I'm not paying my baby, you know, florida goes up and over right. So I live in the top part, it was over to Alabama, right? So I live right down in the middle of it. So when the storm came up, you know, just kind of wobble just a little bit been with a wobble this way we would have got it. But instead of why we're one more wobble over and then they got it across the bridge.
So yeah, it was just like, like people came to the beach still, oh there's nothing you're wrong, there's nothing wrong. Oh everything's fine. But if you go over the bridge it was, it was gone mm
Gosh, rent went
up to like one bedroom before the storm was in Hawaii. It's probably
expensive anyway. But here one bedroom waiting about $900 to $1,000 a month. Okay.
After the store I went one bedroom meant to $1800 a month. Yeah, it was bad
for that.
Hey here.
Yeah, well I was around back, I was probably a little bit older than, you know when the Rodney King thing went, went went through And I was in 93, I think it was 22 my three when the Rodney King beating happened in Los Angeles and when that happens and then the officer got off with nothing. Oh my God it was oh my God it was oh he was a peaceful then. Yeah, It was it was like a I can't even describe it. It was so bad but it wasn't so naturally. I mean
it was some all open for it wasn't like it is now like when the right yeah people were mad. They were upset you know when they get stuff but it wasn't like it is it's now. Uh huh. Now I don't know. I just been around a lot latino hot. It's technology from where you don't remember that.
I remember when I was 1982 he came out and I wanted to watch it Paypal after it was out of the movie in our cable box. Our cable remote was like 50 okay little guy that came in the mail right before we had that Justin was the channel changer me. No, I wouldn't go and change the channel that we only had five. Uh huh.
So
Hold on the top to make it move. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. So I looked in every day at months when the thing would come out. I would look for the coming on is coming on is coming on and never came on everything and every point on TV really for like 20 years later never did come into for 12 years. Yeah,
but uh
and then I recorded
it. Yeah. So my kids were like five and 65 and seven when it finally came on TV. All right, right. Well, I have uh did you very droll are you a native from Hawaii? Yes,
cool.
I always wanted to go. Just never been like that if I'm a bucket list.
Does
it ask you?
What
what is your average summer temperature?
Okay. So it's not what it is here but
our high like today it was 94
Humidity of 75%. It feels like 109.
So and then you can it's still muggy outside right now. What time is it fair that you have
an afternoon? Okay.
I'm nine or 9.
Hi.
That's like 9:00 at night for me. Yeah.
So So uh 21 you go to school yep. What you're majoring in? You don't know yet.
Secondary education. Okay. My daughter went, yeah so in Louisiana for second hand she wanted to be a third grade here. He went five years of school it passed whatever test it was. And now she's a dialysis
technician nurse.
I think she just decided where she knew somebody that knew, somebody got her in the door to this thing. That's the part that and she ended up and that's just completely content analysis for the medication, the people that have, um, diabetes. Yeah.
Um, and in order for her to move up, you have to become a hurt. But this graduated this past paul for her al pacino and I just graduated this spring for my B. S. W. Which is the bachelors and so forth.
Thank you. Well, I haven't walked the stage yet because we've got canceled. So I graduated with a 3.7 from events. You so they're never didn't hike. Yeah. Now.
All right. All right. I
can't believe that
I'm feeling because I started school and um, 2015 in January and I started off at a community college. It might associate and I do it the whole thing or not the whole 2.5 years. I did. All right, Well, when I got
the scholarship to go to
express you Ffs, she was at school, so I had to physically go to class. Oh my oh my bachelor's degrees, so right. I found it, I guess because I'm older. No, I don't guess I really needed the classroom engagement and all of that kind of stuff, You know, as being, you know, 45 and going back to school. Um
I found
it,
yes, so babysat my grandson the whole time
I was in school, uh he was born in December 14, and I started in January 15. So, so yeah, it was very hard to get to go to class, and all of that. You have to be a disciplined kind of person to do online online school. It's not for everybody, you know, like my my my bonus water, my husband's water found my Goldwater, not my stepdaughter. Uh but I don't know what that is, you know, but I called my bonus Children. Um so she
came to us that she was 16
And she was in 10th grade, but she had dropped out. She had all asked. Um So we wrote her in school here, Then I wrote her an online, her 11th and 12th grade year. She had all her classes online questions before. So she did like five online classes while she was going to school regular school.
Well you know, there are mine, you know, was at her own pace, but we would get because he would do like five or 6 at one time private fixed lessons at one time. Like she did personal fitness, which is like to eat online. So basically what she had to do what she had to do a baseline, you had to do like sit ups and run the mile after mile push ups at the beginning. And then you know in three weeks he had to do it again and then she had to right as she improved. Which contributed.
Right. And then when she did like she did one or two or online and when she got to like the stuff that was kind of like boring to her or something, she didn't do, I would do that lesson for her. But she would do like they say there were 27 lessons. She would do like 1234 Skip five and 678 early one day. No and then it spells and I would go back in and see what you did and see you know what she's scared and I would just you know either
help her with it and she came back or did you get the lesson myself? You know guys, that's what moms do. Yes.
Yeah. So yeah I can remember my kids were little helping them with their projects. That was the most funny thing. I was always a mama in the school I was always going making the cookies and you know going through the classroom and like the school mom yeah
my kids are grown now. They are 28 Are almost 29 and 31. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think 2019, let's Justin was born in 92. No 28 and 30 89, Yeah. No 28 29 I think 29 30 What? Because it both Boehner says I'm going on a on an even number like zero. No that's easy for me. You know if it's 82 I'm 12 you know 94 then I'm But see I got 91 in 89 so Justin is probably easier 91 Now in 2021 he'll be 30 So he'll be 29. So they're still be 31. Yes he'll be 29 next month. He'll be 31 in October yeah. There we go. Gosh. As they get older you can't remember. Think harder to calculate. So yeah. So how is uh nice for you out there in Hawaii?
I'm glad you. Have you ever been for the state?
And
or
part
of Virginia?
Like James pound and Okay.
I
grew up in Virginia that I now 14 so I went to Jamestown. Been in the White House and leaving memorial and
no.
What?
good.
Right. Yeah that's how we all feel. Like I always say I want to go to Hawaii I'm gonna make it one day. Yeah I'll make it one
day.
But I could probably
right across the street from my house.
I guess
I feel
like that
lot of people from the florida I was like what the hell are you here for? I live here. Yeah. Like when I lived
in new
Orleans
I
live in new Orleans.
It was you gotta get a new Orleans when you come to the face. That's one of your next destination. When you come back over here you need to go to new Orleans. Get in Louisiana.
Well that's kind of what sam I'm gonna from Virginia and moved to Louisiana. And so like I said I went to herself. Yeah So it was really weird. Too often hurricanes for 13 years apart.
Right 92
- five in 2018.
Which is kind of weird. So I'm thinking, and like 11 years from now I need to be off of the coast. Like I can't be anywhere on the coast where the hurricane they need to be in the midwest winters. There only the tornadoes and stuff because
it's not tornadoes, but the beauty of the hurricane. But You know, and being three major hurricane.
Well, you know
what we're doing here When I lived in Virginia, I was 14, I never even knew there. They even existed. I mean I never remember after having a hurricane came up nose like they do now ever, you know, and I lived on the coast. I mean I live like in Norfolk. So it's like, you know, I don't know if you know what Virginia, North Carolina is kind of like it, you know? And here's Virginia, here's north Carolina and I live right there and here's the water. So I mean I live, I mean I live 25 Miles from Virginia Beach. So it was like, I don't know, maybe we had him and just didn't have kids, didn't pay attention. And then when I moved to Louisiana, I didn't experience my first hurricane until Andrew when I came back to florida. So my first one can experience was in 92.
Well I've been kind of pretty fortunate even though like I said, I've been Through three of them for some reason I've been on the outskirts of all three of them. So like I haven't really ever lost anything because of what because like Andrew hit hunk that, which out for lottery is a little more and Katrina hit new Orleans, which I was a little bit in
little bit of off the coats. Um, and then here and Andrew would hit across the bridge. She's
like, like I said, is only five miles. I mean you,
so from here to, you know, we're coming up to the bridge but it's it's like a little water play that, I don't know what did you call it? Uh Right, I don't know the name of it, but it's got a waterway and in order to get across as a bridge, You got to go over the halfway bridge by two miles. Like we call it the other border. It seems like you're going like to another city or something, but it's really just part of us, right?
They don't like to come over here and we don't like to go over there. It's like, Oh my God, I get across the bridge. You would think it was like a 20 mile bridge. You know, it's like right there. Yeah.
Like some of the schools over here, they say they would have shirts what sayings on them and said, you know, friends don't let friends go across the bridge, You know, stuff like that. It's just crazy stuff. But like my kids over there, I mean it takes me 10 minutes to get to my daughter's house. But it's like, oh my God go crying like you got a doctor's
appointment, you know, you got an office on this side of the break. But
it is. It really is. And I guess because I live so far
west of the bridge, like I live on the west end of Panama City. So like people say, oh and get your turn them all, you know, it takes me 15 minutes to get the tandem off but it takes me another 20 minutes to get to your house sound I guess. Kind of like yeah the little islands.
You know some of them I don't care.
It's hard.
you
gotta vote right? But you but still, I mean even if you went by boat be only obscured distance. Right?
Well I watched you know on tv you know the buying Highlands shows sometimes.
Yeah so they have a lot of them buying Hawaii buying you know like people buying whole islands
for the federal like
oh you know we're going to look at this
island. It's like no $12 million brian. Which I think it's kind of cool to have your own island.
There was one it was kind of like it was weird it was like almost like a bow and arrow. It was like an arrow. I don't know if it was in Hawaii and I could have been anyone Mexico somewhere so you must have them all over. But when you look at it from up area here where they showed it kind of looks like an arrow. It was like a little little piece here and a bigger piece here and it was like it was fuller houses and stuff, they didn't like it because it wasn't enough wooded area, it was all full of buildings. Uh
no it had
like
house and then it had like you went and it had like you know across the thing you have to go for something and on the other little half of it was the middle house.
so
and it was like People was like six acres, seven acres 30, so it's not big enough you know? But I think it's kind of cool to buy your own island
Brooke.
Yeah. I don't know. I think it's us Jack. I'm gonna say shack was over there trying to buy an island for trying to retreat frequent kids. Yeah.
All
I think I want to say
I
want to say it was okay. It had to have a woman in Hawaii because they wanted to be able to see that must have been in the United States
then because
remember
they wanted to be able
to see Chicago somewhere. So it's kind of I don't know, it was weird because they said they finally found one that they can actually see across the water to the skyline of everything. It was that they were trying to look at either I
want to Chicago. But anyway, it wasn't ended up not going to fail, but don't let the music for their whatever. It was beautiful. So there are covid you said was slightly increasing their
Whatever
in Miami is really bad, that's where most of the cases came from. Down south man. Like I said, I'm up in the top, they call it the panhandle of florida. Um So uh down
there it's really bad, but in my my general area there are eight or 9 county and I'm in Bay County. As of last night, Our county has had 3500 cases,
no altogether
500
cases just in this county. Um just in Bay County and our district consists of five counties but there's also counting around us, But our county um has five district. Okay, so hey Carrie, um so we got a county Walton County county uh calhoun county franklin county. So they're all different white.
So like so so even out of those five we have 3500 cases. Mhm. Over 3500 cases within our county. Jackson County with about about 50 miles north
over because you can only go noise because if he heard thousands and in water um we get my house in the war. Uh It's Jackson County very bad. Like
They had less cases like 28 100 cases, but they had like running back. Whereas we've had like 3500 cases, but we only had like 35.
Well most people here don't live here. Everybody
here are tourists.
So like he didn't bumper to bumper traffic out there. I live one night from walmart When it takes me 10 minutes to get there. Uh huh. So you can ride a bike to wal mart faster than you could drive a car. You could probably walk when you can buy a car. Well
Walmart and it's one mile away.
they
50% capacity you're supposed to be, you know, actually here in Panama City Beach history, they've actually had a mandatory, uh, facing and mandatory facing inside buildings, which most
of the stores are following the mandatory face mask. All right. I would say 50% of the restaurants
and now 50% are following the guidelines. So I don't go out personally by host from 72 years old, so I don't necessarily go out in public.
I go
to
the Dollar General. Dollar
General's over there. Hello?
All right.
All right. Well, okay. So I go to the Dollar General and I get most of my necessity, you know that I need milk bread, you know, got to buy every week because I don't go to walk on. I'm just going to walmart and that's not necessarily have water walmart walmart morning.
Okay, good, cool. Yeah, I mean, I think all of us, but evidently you have everything we have, so
Okay. I got every island.
You
got
the big
one,
That's the one they call the Big one. The
victory.
What's the big one call
Hawaii? I am. Okay, wow. Okay. So I just finished watching the show, but the deadliest catch people with kind of hawaii intimate.
Yeah, they were out there, captain. Uh are you? And that's a good one. Right, Okay. Those are the ones that caught that like $1,000 or something. Right, okay. And then they were catching a little one. Either I eat and let's see how to repair me.
What
it was
that big.
Your you know, the I'm your huge right
when
they would
catch
one, smaller fish probably, you know, to hold it And those were only like $200 or $200. Um But yeah they were down their jobs from Tennessee were down there. So they happened for a boat right? And they weren't like They weren't like I don't know $12,000 for this boat because Oh my God this is what you get for $12,000 in Hawaii. Um Uh huh. You know they got the little boat and they got a little tour guy that helped them learn how disk that bad people they kept granted. No Alaska. So two of them coming down to hawaii because we found a map what is bad built When his dad had went down there in the 80s, charted a bunch of places. The fish to catch the eye. He and the other thing I remember was um so he went down there to scope out stuff that his dad had done that has backed away and uh So they were down there catching 5th. Yeah, never kind of cool. They learned how to do that. Yeah, check
it
out.
But
yes, I said
that you, yes,
I'm usually catch
crab. Like I said one kid josh when one of the votes, his dad had passed away on the Northwestern. So he found a Mac Hawaii where they had all of them charted stuff that we had part bitch. So then the attached it because the deadliness couch uh huh deadliest catch, I'm trying to thank you. Let me catch bloodlines, His scratch catch bloodlines and it was josh and Katie came down to Hawaii and they met this guy that 5th out of time show them how to fish in America and how to mark them and all of that. You know, both the little boat they had and um yeah, it was kind of cool to check it out. You might
even
know
the guy. Yeah. Uh I like to watch stuff when I see like some of this stuff when they are here in Panama single buying condos. Yeah this is like buying on the beach with their here. And he advised he like what? Oh yeah, that's right down the street like. So yeah, I think it's cool when people found,
I
don't
watch
a lot of
my husband watches everything so I just kind of know. Yeah,
I'm there. Um All right. That was in school five years. What kind of watching tv? So now since I've been out of school since March? Well I actually said graduated in april in the april. Um So we're still waiting to walk across the stage. Um So I just I found this little game that I play in my home because I occupies my whole time.
And camp fire empire. It's a cannabis game, right?
Yeah.
Well, I have a license America licence for cannabis. So, um, then wonders from back. Really? Yeah,
but
you've just spoken. It isn't really what helps, You know, just might have a bold lighten up. Uh That's not what helps. What helps is all of the different forms, but it comes in like you get pills to get rub it vague yet, you know, the cannabis cigarettes to get, you know, you know, you love shit. I mean you get all kinds of stuff and you know, you take different stuff at different times and it's just like a regular medication that you take at 12 o'clock at three o'clock in at six o'clock at night. Yeah. So I have a regimen. Like I take my, you know, my feel in the morning and then, you know, it takes, you know, like an hour for the pills. So when I went on the pill, then I put the stuff in your coffee or I stick it under my tongue and that takes like two minutes and then, so it kind of makes it all right, come on. But you don't really get all right brand. So
like
I don't
never
I I don't ever ever gets really good. I had high. Yeah, so
it's
gosh.
If you do
feel high because you're playing get to, I have gotten too hot, you know, like I have on a joint and it only lasts five minutes. It's like you sit there and it's like, all right God and let me just go eat this. God. Yeah.
You know, but it's like,
it's almost like Wendy just drank a little
bit
too
much and you but you're not fully loaded drunk chip based but just there and you get that little
right before you get busy, you know what I mean? That that's what you get And it lasts like five minutes and put your head down both eyes and prominence on. He's like, damn, that sucks. But you hate it when it happens because it's like Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. But other than that and that's probably only happened to me in a handful of times over the last 30 years. I've
been
partaking in cannabis before. It was very illegal. Uh huh.
Yes. Well now before when I'm taking it before I had it legally I can have all the different forms. No smoking didn't
help nothing and that's what hurt. Stop hurting. But since I've been taking it away with different forms that my back that curtain so. Yeah.
What?
Well you know cannabis was put on the schedule Ron drug list for political reasons back in the day. You know what I mean? Now um You know we should have never been put there. It was put there while they were waiting our
research and then when the research came the president at the time in there I don't know I can't my eyes in one of the president never even looked at the report that the surgeon general brought him. You ever looked at the report? You know black men of 40. Um And so we just never got taken off the list. But yeah they needed they needed cotton could be prosperous and him which is a derivative of cannabis is stronger than cotton. So they had to get away with the win them and all of that wanted to make the cotton prosper. So the cotton farmers had all the money, you know? Of course they, you know, line the politician pockets just like they do else. No politicians ain't for us. We're going for us, they for themselves. They really are they democrats, Republicans say. I
don't believe
that
really no different in either one of them,
You
know, and they said
if
you want,
yeah, for sure, you know, So, you know, it's our countries never going to be what it used to doing. It's only getting worse and we have people, the different generations of people. They don't it's always all my right, my right, my right, my right, my right, my right to that. Oh, it's my freedom. I don't want to wear a mask because it's invading my right to whatever, you know, everything is so political now. It's not like it's the right thing to do,
you know, I wear a mask. I don't have a problem with the mask. You know if it's going to protect me, if it's going to protect you, I don't believe there's two transparency and I don't believe that the virus was made by
I don't
believe that
all
the vaccines are going to have tips to them now and yeah, they're going to try to control us and I don't buy into none of that,
right? They say if you want your politician to work for you camera electing businessman. Mhm.
You know those that own businesses because tax laws come around who do you think they're going to vote for? But they kind of business, wow, they not gonna vote for something, they're gonna make them throw more taxes. Think about it. Uh huh.
Yeah.
A
vote
I
have.
by the time
you I am, I'll probably be on my way out of here. So you got 30 years ago, 35 years ago, 30 years ago, get 50 29 And in 30 years I'll be 80. So I'll be on my way out of here if you're all set here. Yeah.
And hopefully by the time you're my hat off to you again. Oh, I remember probing when
the whole world that idiot.
Yeah. Well, I don't know. I don't know if it's gonna get better anytime sitting because they were in a completely different days. I mean before before it was like continue to different areas now it's everywhere. We've
lost the chance to contact
truth. We lost that window of opportunity here,
you
know,
right? And who's going to take
it?
I'm not gonna
take
it. I'm not listening for us. And
I see
the
card like
and I sure as hell
ain't it?
And I don't
want I don't know what your political position is but I sure as hell ain't gonna take no vaccine yet. Donald trump is about I can't I'm thinking on it. Donald trump got his name on it. I now
oh yeah for sure
but it's easy but he's the one he can pick and choose which one he wants to to allow come through the base throwing if he even likes the scientists or not.
The problem coming from you know he may not let the best ones come through
so
you know and for sure
yeah not that yeah
Donald trump is an excellent businessman. I just don't think he I don't think he's a great president because he wants to treat the country as a business and we're not a business
where
you have people but not a business that he can just fire fire you, you're fired. And and I hope, you
know, hope,
you know, I'm not gonna give you ventilators because I don't like you, you know, I'm not going to give your schools money. You know, open, I'm going to default you. If you don't do what I say do that's not how the government works now. It's not
blackmail,
it's meet up the president is not supposed to blackmail the freaking governor of a state. Yeah.
Of course.
So, you know, I don't know. It's just, and then I call the three R's here we have really Ron and rubio
rick scott, Rhonda Sanders and marco, rubio two Senators and the Governor for a governor to Stanton
can't get his head or donald trump's. But for the life in here he's like a million donald trump. He is a mini donald trump.
Yeah well if it
weren't
for that
anybody never became governor here you know and then he wants to keep saying oh it's not that bad it's not that bad here. Oh all the cases in here this is not there oh it's old people oh it's this and all the numbers are from this and I'm not correct. Yeah it's yes I'm gonna put on my facebook page your are that fill in the blank florida? You can put your own word. That's got yeah little one l you know. Yeah whatever fail. Mhm.
Right
how long you been doing this?
Yeah my my
friend actually
did that for a long time put me on it and I I don't know I couldn't get the hang of you for some reason
anything I try not to do something it didn't work. I just gave up on it. And then he shows him and she signed me up for it and I got on and I think I did it every day for like a month. Hey I ended up cashing out like $150.
Yeah. They're not
like I don't really ever do the one or two sent one. I don't think they're only one. Can't. I think most of them are at least handsets 10 to 15.
No. See when I get a whole list of them I go through and I see which
ones are paying the most And how
long
they will be available. Like how many people like this? Like $4. But it's got 320 faces. That This one saying $2, but it only has 15 pages left. I'll do that one because I know I should still have time to do the other one.
This is the 3rd one of these old guy.
The one I did last time. For some reason. My camera wasn't working, but it was working, but it wasn't working for this thing. And there was a little microphone enough to hear. I mean my microphone recording and there was a little microphone right on top of my little corner and it was it was out. Wouldn't let me click on it. So, we had no sound. And 45 minutes I worked on trying to get
down and I even turn it off my computer, even shut off on me and step back and go back and even around the sound. But I still gave us my $12.
I
mean,
we want for 45 minutes, we just set it up, you know? So which kind of was messed up. But anyway so I just recently did this one on marriage and family, so I had to do a 10 minute video with my husband and we had Bernie Beanan. It's like for like $75. Like it was like for like two weeks straight.
like like you've got like $5 for the video, got $6 for the survey and got every night for 12 nights you had to go on at night and like three of them were dollars 52 of them are 4 50 A couple of more 2 50. Um And then it all added up to Jack. You get all of it. No like $75 sal that was cool. I think I'm up to like $56,
of their their dollars
but
now
and
it's british
found it.
Yeah. So yeah
I had like 156 or 165
appointment.
I cashed in over now I'm back up to £57.. My cat stand in the dollars 26. It was a dollar once. I follow that now when I'm cashing in doc, I don't smash it. Yeah.
When
I was 26. Yeah.
Well I guess we get our,
yeah. Hey, I'm a talker. I talked all night down man. Yeah. What?
Right.
we're good. But the
3rd point is good when you talk to the other first. Yes, I am with my other one. I did. It should be five points. Uh It was that night. I try to do that because I got kids during the day, most time about it's in the grandstands now what? I'm going to school one just born. That's crazy. But just getting
real wide.
Well, at least I took this functional class and now I'm a whole lot more prepared than I was when I had my key. You know how Children's brains develop themselves? No, males, males. Uh The male brain doesn't fully develop until 25.
That's why they're so daring.
You know? And my sandwich from a bridge into the water with no problem. I'm going off down the street, drop the ridge what you can do what, you know? But now he doesn't uh
even get on roller coasters as much now. Uh huh.
Down I noticed
that too. Yeah.
Where?
Yeah. Well, you
got what? 5:00? It's damn time of
You too.
the house is in I'm probably more than a month, so. Yeah. All right, well, it was nice talking to you and
I made again.