Hi.
hold on one set. Mhm, mhm.
Hey, how are you?
And
good.
Thank you.
so I guess how is everything going so far for you?
That's
good.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I see. Yeah, I'm being stuff up in Honolulu hawaii. So
things
are, yeah, things are slightly getting worse here in terms of the number of cases that are occurring.
lot of people. Yeah, Yeah. So
just
trying to,
just
Oh, that must be nice. Yeah.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see. Um
All
And
be chaotic. Yeah.
Yeah.
And
I see.
Yeah, it's a difficult time. Our nation is going through right now with all of these tensions and plus covid and it's just a mess.
I'm just
saying to,
I'm sorry.
21.
Not that many. I mean there were a few like hurricane Katrina and You know, 9, 11, but you know, other than maybe a handful of some major events that have happened, I mean it's been somewhat smooth sailing I guess.
Thank
you. All right.
But
that's
true.
what category storm was it?
Well that must have been terrifying.
right,
Mom,
okay,
anywhere
retired?
wow,
And wow. But
I mean, I feel like even though there are more tragic events that occur, like I feel like the significance of each event has slowly become more of like a national, what would you say? Like a national event? Like covid it's impacting us nationally and the Black Lives Matter movement has been impacting us nationally. I mean even in Hawaii for example I didn't really anticipate the large turnout of people you know peacefully protesting on the streets. But I guess I guess for me it's sort of um like an unreal experience to witness like a national movement going on and this whatever else is happening in our daily
lives.
Brave.
Thank you.
Like
the little rabbit ears on the T. V. You have one of those?
wow.
Family
that's
and raised here. Mhm.
Yeah.
mm. It's kind of pretty similar to florida in the sense that you know you have tropical weather during most of the seasons and you
know
it gets quite humid during the summer. Uh but
I don't think it's as bad as florida.
Um I'd say 80's or low 90s to usually And then lifetime it's, you should be around maybe upper 70s to lower 80s.
All
no problem. Oh,
oh, okay. So that's more extreme than Hawaii right now then, yeah.
Um right now it is 409,
so I think it's a six hour difference if I'm not mistaken
and Also
five hour difficult stance. Yeah. Ok.
Yeah.
now I'm thinking about secondary education.
And
Oh, what made her change your mind?
right.
Oh, wow, Happy early. Congratulations to.
I mean, it's kind of difficult. I mean during this time with, you know, trying to even plan for schooling, I mean, you know, like a lot of the um learning methods being used right now is all my learning and so I don't know, I just for me I find it a little more as a struggle because you know, you're not really actively engaging in the classroom so you don't get that sort of in person um like conversations or just you know, it's not the same experience I guess.
Thank
you.
I
think.
Did
you
find online learning more convenient for you in terms of fitting it into your regular, you know, daily life?
All
Never
I work,
how did she manage to juggle all of those classes, I mean?
so more physical work than then? I just mental work.
Great.
my mom has been there too.
Yeah.
So you have a lot of experience then?
Um It's okay. I mean I don't know I guess for me being born and raised on the island we kind of call it like a rock because you know it's basically cut off from the mainland and the rest of the world basically sort of isolated in the middle of the ocean. So I mean although I've had experience like traveling to the mainland and
yeah I've been to
California, Nevada, uh new york Virginia
and
D.
C. Um I don't quite remember. This was like for our eighth grade I guess. Um It was like an east coast trip where we visited like basically the american historical sites like James tom. Uh
so
Burns Area.
all of those national monuments and you know I guess for people in hawaii it's sort of like I mean like perhaps like a once in a lifetime experience for them because it's just so distant from you know the rest of the United States. And I mean you know it might not be the case like if you're maybe like even California for example or like you know the east Coast but I guess you know it's
almost as though you know you're seeing history
but yet you know you're you know
you're there you're sort of experiencing it through your own eyes and you know, taking in this, you know, once in a lifetime experience sort of
well,
I mean, I guess this, I don't know, I used for me like, I don't really feel like there's much to do on the island. I mean, I guess for a lot of tourists, they find it as a great, relaxing vacation spot and just like, you
know,
right. I mean like how like maybe other people think of forward for example, it's just like a vacation destination. Hey, I guess that's how
I
started
seeing for raising.
I
mean
you guys got Disney World though. I am uh
Universal
Studios,
Is that like your favorite destination?
Call, mhm,
mm hmm.
Whoa,
No.
So you must have been, you know, growing up with hurricanes throughout your entire life and have
experience.
Did it sort of catch you as like sort of like an unreal experience or were you sort of like prepared for it? Like you know, what was going to come from, What was gonna happen? Did I catch you off guard by surprise or?
Thank you.
interesting.
Thank you.
Oh
Yes.
Thanks.
it's just an inconvenience I guess.
I'm
Remember.
Unfortunately.
Yeah, we don't really have like bridges connecting to each island. I mean, I wish we did,
but
yeah, at one point I think this was like several years back, they had what was called a superferry which basically um made daily trips from Oahu to Maui, which is, you know those two islands. And so I guess that worked out for maybe a couple of months. But I guess because of like environmental protection laws, um something happened and they just had to cancel it. I mean it was a good idea and a lot of people liked it. But I mean ever since then there's nothing hasn't really been anything besides like, you know, an airplane to really travel from each of the islands. So.
Oh yeah. H U T V. Yeah.
Great.
Great.
All
Yeah. I mean if you can afford,
Oh, on that island it wasn't just like a house and then like forests
or
like bush.
Oh, so like a little town, but I guess we can
go ahead.
Yeah, I mean
if I could afford it I would buy it. Mhm.
on
florida or
gulf concern
somewhere.
Just
think of
it.
No.
what?
In fact we had 200 cases today which is sort of unusual for Hawaii because I guess lately we've been sort of like in a upwards tick. So We've had like maybe last week was like about 80 And then this week it increased in 90 and then a couple of days later it increased 200 so it's kind of rapidly increasing. I mean, I'm sure it's worse in florida like with the news going on and what not about cases,
how is it like there?
Uh huh.
Right. 30 501 day
all
along,
Great.
rate.
I'm,
Mhm. Mhm. How's the severity in your area, like are people experiencing like wild symptoms or more severe symptoms?
Oh, they just visited?
Oh, I see.
but,
but you guys don't have any like Connie restrictions to sort of block
out people or
Well,
you're welcome.
Great.
I think
you,
no,
they used to have dollar stories here, but things just got too expensive in Hawaii, so yeah,
unfortunately we don't have that, but.
Yeah, Yeah, we have a couple of walmart in Hawaii.
Yeah, most of the stories we have are from the mainland, but like some of the stores, like for example, like olive garden, we don't have here like restaurants or yeah, so it's just like a really minor few that we don't have, but most of the big change ones like target and wal mart we have, yeah.
Mhm. Um not every island, usually Oahu has most of the stuff since
it's
like
the
capital city. Great.
no,
no, no, no, not the big one. It's like, it's like sort of in the center of the island's. Yeah. Mhm
uh the big island or Hawaii Island.
they were out there.
Yeah. Um little fish.
I don't know if we have like
fish,
like,
the bluefin too and I
would
be
yelling into this.
I'm kind
of surprised
obvious catch came over to you because you should be our key. Like you should be filming like stuff
in Alaska catching
crab
was
grade.
I've been
to
that.
I haven't watched too much tv recently, so I mean, I know some of the shows that are on, but like
I
haven't
been
keeping.
Oh.
Oh, what's it called?
Uh, interesting.
Yes.
Yeah, I think kind of, this is, you know, useful in terms of like medical use and you know, just helping me to calm down. I mean,
you know, I don't see.
Yeah. I can imagine it's like taking natural remedies, right? It's
sort
of
herbal medicine,
I
mean as long as you don't abuse the medicine, then I'm sure like you won't like, you know, get high and just sort of lose it. I mean, compared to like what, you know that regular connotation is
with
marijuana.
Mm.
I see.
You're
in the
world
in between.
I see. Yeah.
And
then
does it help you?
and
I mean, I guess I wish there was more support for medicinal marijuana sense. You know, it's just like taking any other, you
know medicine and in fact it might be even better than taking like I don't like OxyContin or, you know, those other addicting medications.
1930.
What
do you
do?
Oh, right. They each have their own political agenda. I mean,
you
know,
rarely
do you see a politician that ever maybe works for the people? I mean, I'm sure there's like one or two, but most of them are probably corrupt. No.
Right. There's no ethics involved, like it's just basically it's either you're with us or you're with them or we're basically just slander, you, you know? And, but
Right. Right. It's
ridiculous.
What's been going
on?
It's fake information that's just been going around to scare people. It's just a political tactic.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Uh
Hopefully.
Hopefully our country gets better. I mean, within my lifetime, I
mean,
I would hold but you know, realistically, I
don't know.
Yeah.
Hopefully.
Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully the situation will get better. I'm sure I will, but it'll take some time.
it's everywhere.
Way
we
just
have to wait for the vaccine to arrive. And even then it's they're gonna take a while for the vaccine to get to different people. So
great.
That's another thing too.
I
mean,
I'm sure
they're
conducting
studies right now, but you never know what the society effects are again also. So
those
posing
problems.
Well, but I mean, you know that the vaccines are being pushed by scientists, right. And there's
academic research that's being conducted. So I mean, I feel that even though, you know, donald trump trump may pass it. It's not really him who's, you know, conducting the vaccine. It's the scientists who are in charge of research.
Yeah, that's true. Also, you're right.
Right. He may choose one for political reasons or, you know, money reasons, you know?
So,
I see where you're coming from.
Okay.
I
agree.
It's
not celebrity apprentice.
I
agree.
They're supposed to be working together to combat covid, but you know, it's all political game,
you know?
No
excuse me.
Well, they're basically just kissing ass. I mean part of my profanity, but you know,
it's
what
it is.
Yeah.
Mm
Um I don't know, I I started doing enter, you know what amazon mechanical turk is?
I'm
sorry,
not
Trust me. Okay. Yeah, I mean it just depends like what what's available because there's like different tasks and some of them like green one sent to like $15 and it's all about timing to like depending on like what gets released. Like you have to like quickly just grab it so that you know, you have your opportunity. But what I like about prolific this is the platform that I found out about this research, the study um is that they pay very decently. I mean there's like a minimal, I think sort of like a minimal wage that they sort of yeah have researchers put out research for. So, you know, you don't really have to like constantly rush and grab them, you know whatever task you know
Thanks
they have one cent ones but yeah it's not worth it. Yeah
you
can sort
them.
Right. Yeah that's what I try to, you try to manage and plan like you know how quickly can I take this one? Is it worth my time and effort for the pay? You know it's a good side money I mean you know it's something better than nothing.
Oh this is the second for me so
so
well that's good. I mean I think as long as you attempt to make the effort to do
the
task
Oh wow, $75 that's good paid.
it was good.
I don't know. Yeah
I think
it's in either poems like British poems
and
one
yeah once you deposited it into people, you can convert it to us dollars and yeah,
Yeah,
it didn't
work.
Yeah. Yeah. Look at that. The conversion rate to, I mean, you see, that's
good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I should let you go. I think it's been like an hour channing.
it was fun though talking. Yeah,
we had a good conversation I think. Yeah, I enjoyed it.
So
Yeah, it's interesting
learning about people's different lives and what's going on.
Mhm. Yeah, I've heard some research about that saying males tend to develop later in life compared to females.
Yeah, it makes sense I guess.
Yeah.
I
Camp,
I guess I should let you go in the house since it's getting late. I'm
sure it's at 10:00 over there.
55.
Yeah so I'll let you go. Thanks for this opportunity though.
Have a great evening and hopefully you're tomorrow is okay. Yeah.
you too.
Thank you.