that way.
Hello?
I can hear you. Can you hear me now?
Hey?
Hi. Uh Pretty good. Pretty good. Feeling better now that the election is over?
Thanks
hopped
out of the tub.
A Where about do you live?
Yeah. Is it cold violence? Is it cold?
I live in Arizona so
it's still pretty warm.
Uh Really stressed out. Um But
you know
feeling feeling better now that we hopefully at least won't have trump again.
Um Not super super excited about biden but way more excited than about trump because
that was
a problem in my opinion.
Yeah.
I would I mean I would have preferred Bernie Sanders. Um But we can't have nice things
right? I voted for biden but before that
I voted for Bernie Sanders like before
like for the um the primaries or whatever, like I would have preferred that it was Bernie Sanders versus trump and then we had Bernie Sanders but that wasn't an option.
how
about you?
World
not
for sure.
yeah, definitely. He says
a lot of
days,
does that mean?
Yeah, things that you don't say in polite conversation about? Yeah.
It's definitely better. I'm a little nervous that trump's not gonna get the heck out that he's going to try to cheat his way into staying, but I think it will be okay.
sure, sure,
definitely. Uh
happy and relieved, but also kind of like
I saw something on the internet that was like Why do I feel like how when you're watching a scary movie and they defeat the monster, but there's still like 20 minutes left so you feel like they're gonna come back, like um like I'm still a little bit on edge, I feel more relieved once he's actually out of there.
huh
If you do this, I'm engaged.
How about yourself? I'm engaged crap about you.
That not yet.
Yeah. Once I ever figure out when that's going to happen, I got engaged like forever ago. But then I started grad school, so I've been too busy to even think about getting married.
No,
I live with my partner, but we just haven't picked out a date or anything.
Yeah. No, we have dogs. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Then it sounds like,
it
sounds like you live with a lot of people. It sounds like you live with some other people.
Mhm. Can you hear me?
It sounds like you live with some other people or the TVs on.
Well, yeah. Boy or girl.
How old is
he?
Six?
Hey? 28.
I'm still doing school.
I'm almost done with my PhD. Yeah. Thank you.
Thanks.
Yeah. What's what do you want to do your PhD
in?
Yeah. What do you want to to do? Like what kind of program?
Cool. Like public health, like public health or like bio staff or?
it's it's in the same program um and I'm doing clinical psychology.
until I have my degree and my license. I'm uh trainee or doctoral student or something.
to get a little bit
uh decent. I haven't had anyone that I know get really sick or have a lot of um you know like financial difficulties from it. So I'm blessed in that way. Um It's mostly just stressful to like be at home all the time for so long. Like I missed, I miss people
and like doing activities, but that's pretty minor.
How about you?
And
you
don't,
Have you
had,
sorry?
You know,
Yeah, exactly. Have you had any left with the like unemployment stuff that they were supposed to have for people that lost their jobs because of covid or has that not worked?
You can probably,
I don't know, prolific is definitely the best one that I found online as far as
like
paying actual money for things. Um But I think it kind of depends on where you live, like can you reach out to your alumni program from your masters at all maybe
and I know it's not,
it's obviously not the best pay, but I know a lot of places higher seasonal workers
for like the holidays coming up um
like amazon and target in places like that because lots of pick,
they get lots of business over the holidays. Um
good
to meet
you.
Okay.
AJSB
247.
that's what ready?
JSB 247
people.
Mhm B As in boy?
uh,
yep. At N au dot E D U.
at N au dot E D U.
mhm uh dot E D U. Like education?
Jasmine.
How about you,
William? Nice to meet you. I can only see the top of your head.
Thanks
to meet you as well.
Ryan,
What's your son's name?
Michael. That's a good one. Mhm.
Is he in
kindergarten? Is he in Kindergarten or 1st grade?
Has he had to do it all on the computer
like or can we go to the place?
Mm hmm. Can you hear me now?
I was asking if he's had to do it all on the computer or if he's been able to go to school with the pandemic?
Perfect. Yeah, that's
hard.
Mhm Okay. Yeah, once I figure it out, man.
Um so we've been together for seven years,
and we've been engaged for like four years, I think.
How what?
yeah, he's a good guy. He likes to have his messy office though.
No.
Yeah, it's like different like tool things and he's got some like uh like drone airplane things and whatever that he plays with.
he's an aerospace engineer so it kind of fits.
Thanks.
he's out at work building. Something replies. I don't know
Actually It is 1021
am
Mhm.
Yeah. Okay there on the West coast somewhere?
sure.
Yeah. Yeah,
happens.
So nice. Have you done one of these like these conversations things before?
Yeah, it's pretty nice because they, you know, you get like what, like $15 or something and it's usually yeah, pretty fun to just talk to people for a little bit. It's better than the other questionnaire things.
The families. Yeah.
Uh there, you know, there's just a lot of really repetitive questions or like boring questions and talking to people is more fun.
What's
going on here,
Yeah, it looks like you can do for this study. I think you can do seven of these. Um if you sign up for them. South speaking.
What,
Yeah.
Um when I'm done with this, I'm going to start working on my dissertation project some more because of the pandemic,
I had to make it so that people can do my study online. Kind of how prolific is um
because I can't see people in person, so I have to figure out how to code it all to have people do tax and collect my data.
Um I'm gonna I'm gonna use a different one that so that I don't have to pay my participants. I'm going to just use undergraduates um
like volunteers that are in um psychology classes will take my
study for course credit. Um
But yeah, that was how I found prolific, was looking for a way to run online studies, but
mm, I think probably right around when the pandemic started because that was when I needed to find a way to do online studies and then I realized I could make money on prolific. Okay, so I'm on the computer like most of the time anyways, doing my work at home, so I can just like take studies whenever they pop up.
Working.
What are you
doing
here?
yep, exactly, it works out
well,
unfortunately.
Thank
you. Yeah.
Well, I definitely
recommend
that you sign up for more because I think they're the highest paying ones. Um and yeah,
I'll watch out for your email and uh maybe talk to you more later. Yeah,
good luck, have a good day.
You get,
bye.