SPEAKER_L: very good. Okay. It's quick women. Okay. Sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: good?
SPEAKER_L: So I guess are you my chat partner then? I didn't know if you were some intermediary from whoever is doing this.
SPEAKER_R: No just logged on.
SPEAKER_L: All right, me too. So let's see. Let's start out with Geographics here. I'm in the midwest to Iowa from
SPEAKER_R: I'm in
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: south.
SPEAKER_L: not comfortable wherever. I don't care. But.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No you're fine. I'm in south florida.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. I know you guys are getting kinda hit hard by that coronavirus thing.
SPEAKER_R: We are
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My dad actually lives in Clearwater, which is more north. So anyway, pretty uh pretty hot down there I imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. 100°..
SPEAKER_L: Right. I think we we had like 65° weather this morning. So uh you
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: that would actually be kind of nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. My dad tells me what I was going to go down to visit him in october because of this whole corona thing. Getting on a jet right now doesn't appeal to me, you know? And plus a lot of the airlines are in fact the route that goes from I live in uh it's basically near Molina And I don't know if you ever heard of it. It's like, it's on the Mississippi River. We got an airport has a direct flight from Moline to clearwire. I was going to take that, but now, because the airline industry, so like in the gutter, uh, they canceled the flight for october when I was going to go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's pretty bad down here and people aren't taking it seriously. So
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: you go into stores and people are screaming and cussing at the employees about, I'm not wearing a mask, I'm not staying away from you and it's no wonder we have it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. The same thing here in Iowa, our governor has never imposed any kind of stay at home order, has never posed any kind of mask order. Uh, and you know, I was on the hot spot list too. I don't think we're as bad as florida. But uh, yeah, we're not doing great here. Um,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and it's, it's sad because, yeah, it's not fun wearing a mask, but if it's a simple thing and we can keep our economy somewhat open, why would we do it? You know, I just don't get why people are so obstinate. Two simple things. Again, not fun, but simple solution, you know? So anyway, Yeah, and I, I drive for Uber and lift to kind of on the side, well that's impacted my business because there's no business travel anymore. People aren't, you know, we have a big PGA tour event here that attracts a lot of people from around the country, they canceled that. Um you know, so have you been affected by the, like your job or anything or?
SPEAKER_R: Um I actually quit my job because of corona and started doing just online work full time. Um I was doing home health for as a nurse and the company I work for lied to me and they told me that one of my difficult clients, she was tested. They told me she was negative and I have a lot of health problems. So three days after they told me she was negative, I've been with her every day and she finally got a phone call from her doctor and we just wanted to give you your results and she was negative. But they put me at risk and lie to me. So I actually quit and now I only do online until this picks up and I find a different company. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't, I mean I don't blame you. I I'm kind of in a similar situation with Uber and looks a side gig for me, but I basically back in Middlemarch, I stopped driving like I I haven't, I've done like maybe six rides in the last three months, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: blame
SPEAKER_L: days
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: where you can keep the windows down, you know my other jobs working for enterprise rent a car and it's I understand what you're going through with, you know, are they keeping me protected from the other people I got to work with and sometimes I feel like they are, you know, um it's it's unfortunate that companies will sacrifice our safety so they can keep the money rolling in, but I mean good good for you for quitting because there's nothing more important than your health, you know, I mean that's
SPEAKER_R: I just got very lucky because we were actually in the process of a move anyway, so
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: it was difficult to get back and forth and I did have the savings just knowing that I might want to find something different. So I just got very lucky that I was able to do it, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, savings is what's gotten me through this. I mean that that's one of the smartest things you can do and it's it's nice to see that, you know, if you start at a young age it's just gonna build up and build up and you know, I'm I'm 47 now so I've had you know 20 plus years of savings and let me tell you this moment it came in real handy
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: how I'm feeling.
SPEAKER_L: yes and that's a good habit to to keep
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: throughout your
SPEAKER_R: credit.
SPEAKER_L: life. I mean that's that's really smart to do so um Well guys good sounds like you know it sounds like you got a good head on your shoulders there. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm just a very paranoid. I like to plan.
SPEAKER_L: the paranoia helps doesn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Because I just turned 30 and every time that all my friends want to go out and do something else say I'm I'm broke and I don't mean I have nothing. I mean, I'm I put money in savings before anything else.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's that's real smart. In fact my moment where I started doing it was I was in my early twenties and I was you know like everyone else start now are leaning money to my name and I'm out of getting evicted from an apartment and going through that made me think you know if I would have had a couple $1000 socked away, I probably could have weathered that storm And you know so that's kind of what woke me up and then I started you know my 20's, I just started putting money away and you know you get in the habit of doing it and it adds up quickly.
SPEAKER_R: It does
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: and it helps a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's that's good to hear. Um like I said it's something that served me, especially in this particular moment very well because Enterprise, I actually took a sabbatical from that job before they laid us off. They did lay us off. But I actually a couple of weeks before I said you know what guys, I don't think this is safe to be doing this so I'm gonna take a couple weeks off like okay that's fine. So with if I didn't have savings I could have done that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, it's a really good idea if you're able to to be able to get away from this because it's dangerous.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and like you say so many people are just well you know no big, oh it's a cold, it's it's a flu, you know and Yeah I don't remember a flu killing 150,000 people in four months. I never seem to think that's ever happened. So anyway uh so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you do prolific a lot then or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I do prolific. I do in turk um I'll get in on some of the studies from craigslist where they just want you to do like a focus group. Um They're not always scam. Some of them are legitimate. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: know Franklin
SPEAKER_R: did one.
SPEAKER_L: had studies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I just did one and it ended up paying $175. So that's how I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: all excited
SPEAKER_R: crowded.
SPEAKER_L: cause I'm getting 15 for this one,
SPEAKER_R: This is exciting to me too because last night um I spent $100. I have animals and I had to take one of my guinea pigs are the vet at one o'clock this morning, so that was $180.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: we have birds. So I I know what, you know. Yeah, avian
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: specialists are not cheap either.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah this is uh it's kind of cool in a way this reminds me of Uber because I pick up strangers get my car, I don't know who they are. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am a conversation that's kind of why I like you know what to do this because it's just interesting random people you might not have a lot in common with, but you can usually quickly find some kind of interest or you know, common ground or something. So you know, for $15 and you know, it just, I do this when I do, I try to at least strike up a conversation with a passenger, you know, because
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: you got to break the ice, it's a stranger getting in your car, You know, and we're told as kids don't, don't get into a stranger's car. You know, the whole business model for Uber is strangers getting in your car? So have you ever done like Uber left? Like either driven or taking a ride?
SPEAKER_R: I've taken a few, I have a much older car and it's not in great shape Now that I'm working from home, I'm actually if I'm able to keep this up and able to keep up paying taxes because if you make more than 400 they will send you forms And so I I have all that put away and I'm going to wait like a few more months. But if I can do it, I'm thinking about selling my car. Um it's got a few minor issues anyway and insurance. I used to live in Virginia. My car insurance was $263 every six months in Virginia. It's 1000 every six months down here. I asked them what changed and they said it's only my zip code, I I have a perfectly clean
SPEAKER_L: florida,
SPEAKER_R: record of 30 and they're like it's high drinking and driving which I don't do but that's what we're
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: punished
SPEAKER_L: in that.
SPEAKER_R: for.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. So they assume that you're going to be, even if you're not doing it yourself, you're going to be involved in an accident where someone was. So
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that means your risk pools higher.
SPEAKER_R: so for insurance alone I'm thinking about just getting rid of it and then actually just taking Uber or lift when I need to get around because I don't really know, I go to the grocery store and that's about it because Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's all I do these days. You know, my days are going to hockey games and baseball games. Yeah. But uh, you know, driving for him during the pandemic. I haven't done a lot of it, but I've done a little of it and it was early on, no one was wearing a mask and Uber even had like, you had to wear a mask and no one was, was wearing their mask. I was having to cancel a lot of rides, but yesterday I went out and did six rides, three on left, three on Uber. Everyone was wearing a mask with, you know, so maybe there's hope yet. So anyway, uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: well, I feel like I'm dominating conversation here. Uh, let you ask questions or talk if you want you not to go back to dominating him.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're fine. I like that because it just keeps the conversation going
SPEAKER_L: Well before I did uber and lift um I was actually in radio broadcasting for like 17 years. I was an on air person. Yeah. Uh so I guess I've always been like this, you know like laver mouth I guess, you know uh like I just, I hate awkward silence. I can always find something to talk about it. It might be really goofy, but I can usually keep the conversation rolling. But yeah, which is why I dominate conversations in, which is why I try to uh you know, sometimes I'm like, okay mike, you've been talking for two minutes straight, maybe give the other person. So um so you work at home health care then? Huh? Or you did anyway?
SPEAKER_R: I used to yeah, I'll probably end up going back to it if well it depends because if I can make money off of this kind of thing, I'd I'd
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: rather just not put myself back at risk.
SPEAKER_L: why not? I mean working from home is everyone's dream man. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: can you not like working from home? You don't have to shower, you can sit in pajamas, no one cares, you know? Um See for me I couldn't work from home because I like, I'm kind of on the go type person, which is why I don't know if you hear my birds in the background
SPEAKER_R: I do,
SPEAKER_L: here. Okay, I'll hold on to shut the door. They get they can get a little loud sometimes, so
SPEAKER_R: That's okay, I love animals, we actually have 20 total, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, what do you have?
SPEAKER_R: um well I have two guinea pigs, a dog, a tortoise that lives outside um a turtle, we have her in a large aquarium right now, but we're going to build her a pond, I've got a goldfish, a couple of snails, I don't know if you've heard of an axle model, but
SPEAKER_L: axel lot. I can't,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: no, I can't.
SPEAKER_R: it's uh they call it a mexican water salamander. Um They live in little puddles in Mexico and it's basically just a little, it's a little pink salamander um but it always has these long gills that come out of its head, it's it's really keep
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: um then I've got a bearded dragon, a skink which is just a two ft long lizard, um a dog, a couple of frogs and a hamster. So we we have a lot, but that's that's another reason I like to stay home because I usually have somebody on my lap.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and if there's like uh say some kind of like meteorite or something hits the earth as long as you're safe, you can probably repopulate the plant with all the animal, you're
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: animal
SPEAKER_L: of like a modern day noah's art there. So so yeah, we just have one cocktail
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and uh what four? We're down to four parakeets. Um the wife takes in wayward birds that people didn't want. Uh
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Parakeets not not not not like the big cockatoos and the big, you know, because because those are a handful.
SPEAKER_R: they're beautiful but they're alive. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like parakeets, you know parakeets are $20. People think they're disposable pets, you know? So we've taken in probably Over the years, probably 15-20 wayward parakeets that no one wanted. And then yeah, so that's what, you know, it's it's great because you know, they are still need pets. I mean parakeets are actually really fascinating animals because they are intelligent little parents. Yeah. But then our cockatiel, he's like our son, he's 16 years old, We've had him we've had him since he was hatched in 2004.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: So. So yeah, so we can't have dogs or cats because she's allergic to fur and dander. So birds are hypo allergenic, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: anyway.
SPEAKER_R: of my animals are rescue and that's why they're so expensive is because I usually get ones that have issues and need vet care and extra things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's almost as expensive as going to the doctor for yourself, you
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: But but you know in a way you kind of look at them like I look at like matteo that's our cocktail. Uh they have an emotional intelligence and an awareness that, you know, it really it really makes you wonder, you know, uh you know, we kind of just classified them as animals and put ourselves on this higher pedestal. But I mean I think they probably have the same senses about things that we do, we just have a more complex way of expressing. So. Right. Yeah, it's uh it's been I didn't have birds before I met Aaron and you know, I always had dogs and cats but I I really got into birds in the last you know, 15 years uh just watching their behavior, it's fascinating, so.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of lucky because I, any time that I see an animal in need, I'll get it and I'll figure it out and I'll put the money down and I don't care what it takes. And when I found this last, because it's sad, I've only had this guinea pig that's costing me vet bills for about a month. Now. I had went into a pet store just on a whim and they had him in a little box and it said free to go home. And I asked what was going on with him. And they were like, the girl just brought him in, dumped him off with no supplies, didn't tell his age, didn't even tell that he was male. I just found out by looking um didn't say as far as I know, he's never had a name. Nothing. And he's definitely an adult. He was in terrible shape. He's already, I've had him at the vet two different times and where he's back on track now he's going to be okay. But I mean that free animal cost me all that money. He's in a four ft by four ft cage beside me. He sleeps by my bed. I I just don't know how people can be so mean.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It is kind of uh I see that with especially with the parakeets because you know again there a $20 animal uh
SPEAKER_R: Is this?
SPEAKER_L: The one that we got we've actually had for like eight years now, it was like this 10 year old girl just went and her mom bought it for at a pet store and within six months she was bored of it. So so we took it in and you know here we are eight years later it's still living. You know. So I mean it just you know and sometimes I wonder if the birds, you know they probably don't really know the situation or what's going on. But um you know I wonder what their situation would have been like if if we hadn't come along would she just set it loose outside our um you know it might have survived a while, but Iowa winters are really harsh and there's no way parakeets were from Australia can survive in Iowa winner. So um, you know, you wonder what's going through people's minds when they buy a patent and decide, oh well it's not working out so you know, it's not like this blouse I bought from amazon, I can just put it back, you know? So I don't know. Anyway.
SPEAKER_R: See we have the opposite problem down here are winners stay pretty warm. So anybody that releases we have a lot of like wild birds, a lot of wild snakes. A lot of people iguanas, things like that and
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: wanna
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: are destructive.
SPEAKER_L: actually a problem down in florida.
SPEAKER_R: They are Yeah. You're supposed to shoot them which I look the other way but you're supposed to kill them.
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: Um They can get up into your attic and things and tear up your installation so I understand why but I just I can't personally do it.
SPEAKER_L: And I mean these things are like huge.
SPEAKER_R: six ft
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: long 60. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: wow. Huh. Well and I've heard san Francisco has a similar problem because their climate is very, you know, year round, kind of hospitable. The most life
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: uh like san Francisco has a lot of feral birds and other creatures that you probably wouldn't find normally in the United States. So not in Iowa are killed. Everything in Iowa. I mean it's you know, have you ever been to a midwest, upper midwest in
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: in the world?
SPEAKER_R: I've only ever really florida Virginia indiana. Just that little strip there that's about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. If you if you ever want to experience basically what Siberia is like come to Iowa in january there's been days were literally colder than Siberia. I'm not joking.
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: think I could do it.
SPEAKER_L: We had today it was a couple of years ago we said our all time record low in 2019 it was 33 below zero without a windshield.
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: That was just the air temperature. So anyway, so how long you lived in south florida area?
SPEAKER_R: Uh seven years and then we just moved a little bit further south. We finally were able to house. I don't think I could do cold anymore um when my boyfriend's at work during the day because he works long hours. I
SPEAKER_L: Center.
SPEAKER_R: keep the air conditioner on 79 for myself and I'm happy and
SPEAKER_L: that's what we keep it here. Yeah 79.
SPEAKER_R: oh Okay and he comes home and puts it on 76 and I put on long pants sleep. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So now in Virginia where you like around the D. C. Area or Richmond or?
SPEAKER_R: We were in Harrisonburg if you've ever heard of it. So we were James Madison University. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I want to say I've heard of Harrison but I'm kind of a geography buff. So if the town of like 15,000 or more probably at least seen it on a map. I couldn't tell you exactly where it is but it does sound familiar. Uh
SPEAKER_R: About an hour. It's about an hour from Charlottesville.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah that town made headlines a couple years ago for that was that was kind of horrific what happened there. So. Yeah. Well of course Charlottesville, I also want to say that's where Dave Matthews band is from. Never heard
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: of.
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: Um I want to say that I think they started out and in charlotte's Charlottesville Virginia. So uh yeah Virginia's got to be one of those states. It's it's kind of like all kinds of different demographics. The further west you go I'm sure the more like kind of uh you know hillbilly shit gets a share further north you go it's very like almost kind of new york, New Jersey pennsylvania, kind
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: a big city. Um but I've never been out that we have all the furthest east I've been as buffalo new york, so
SPEAKER_R: I didn't like where we lived in Virginia but I mean that's where I was born so that's all I knew forever. But we were about 5 to 10 minutes from the college so all of the prices were super inflated. But there's nothing really to do unless you wanted to drink or party or go to sports bar and I don't do that. It was definitely not for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know that's another thing about this pandemic, I don't understand, there's so many people that are willing to risk their lives to go to a bar and drink, right? I mean just go and buy a 24 pack of bud light or something and hang out in your living room is cheaper,
SPEAKER_R: pence.
SPEAKER_L: you're still gonna get the buzz. But I don't know it's this this kind of connection that people got to have in, you know, being in tightly packed areas and loud noise and I guess that's that's actually what makes them feel alive and it's not the alcohol itself, the alcohol is just kind of an accessory to that, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Down here they shut our bars down in april and then they open them back up for about two weeks maybe. Yeah, maybe about two weeks and the numbers rose so much they looked into it but as far as I know they're still closed, they closed them back down.
SPEAKER_L: I I know that southern florida Miami area had some of the strictest measures in place. I mean they had you know they have really? I mean it seems like you know florida the rest of the state was just you know, no big deal. You know, de Santis is saying oh it's just you know, it's just a flu, whatever, he's basically telling trump's lying the whole thing. But then Miami was like no we're taking this seriously, you know we're shutting things down. And unfortunately still Miami got hit the hardest. It looks like which is kind of like what happened in New york city and you know New york city, they had very strict measures in place. Governor cuomo is on top of it but they still got nailed and I think it's because of the density of the population in places like Miami and new york, you know, it's not like here in Iowa we can kind of space out a little bit, you know, um and I don't live in a small town, I live Davenport, I was like literally a mile from me, I live in a suburb type of setting the Davenport over 100,000 people, which you know, that's, it's not a small town, it's not a big town but it's, it's still small enough that you can space out but it's still large enough that you know, we got obviously, you know, things to do and you know, all kinds of, you know different people and different, you know, we got, we got a crime problem here. I mean there's, there's a lot of gangs here, even
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: in Iowa they exist so um, but you know in Miami and New york, everyone is just so dense, people are on top of one another and there's no way to get people spaced out, you know?
SPEAKER_R: we're lucky enough to live on the gulf coast so we're closer to Naples. But yeah, Miami is I I don't know if I feel comfortable walking outside of my house in Miami. It's
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's just,
SPEAKER_R: bad there.
SPEAKER_L: I mean because of the violence are also because it's just a coronavirus or
SPEAKER_R: Mostly just the virus. But yeah, there's
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: lot of violence, a lot of shootings, a lot of things over there too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, it's kind of like, you know, again, people think of Iowa, I think of corn and farmers and that's true for much of the state, But like in Davenport near where I live, um, they have a very large gang problem and even Chicago has taken notice of it because Chicago is 160 miles east of us. And you know, I mean, what town in the United States is more violent than Chicago? I mean that's the most miles. Uh, and even people in Chicago have, have come to realize, oh yeah, damn ports. That's, that's kind of bad too. Um, you know, so it's, uh, in fact, there's a lot of, a lot of my Uber passengers, our Chicago repatriates. They've actually moved to Davenport to get out of Chicago. You know, when they came here, they were like, oh, I didn't, I didn't realize I thought I was moving to a small town. I didn't realize that Davenport also had the same problem Chicago. And these are people from Chicago saying this. So it's like, yeah, it just goes to show you when you kind of live in a certain geographic area and maybe you don't get out from that much. You just kind of rely on the media to make your impressions about places and you know, that's why a lot of people think I was just cornfields and farmers and well, there's that, but there's also legitimate big city problems in some of the cities in the States. So do you like florida then or?
SPEAKER_R: I do you know for the most part, I mean, I don't like the humidity and if we get a hurricane that's bad, I don't know what they're gonna do with all this, stay away from each other, but get out kind of thing. It's going to be a mess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My dad said the humidity in, in Tampa is just, I mean, he said it's awful this time of year you go out. He said, within 30 seconds, you're already drenched.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you are.
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I don't know. I like warm weather. Don't get me wrong, I'm an avid bike, a biker. I'm on my bicycle all the time. You know what I hate the winter because I can't get on the bicycle, but there's too much of a good thing and it sounds like florida and it's just like to too much. Oh, so
SPEAKER_R: No, it's
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: like phoenix where it's dry.
SPEAKER_R: the humidity is miserable. I mean when we moved here they have some pretty strict laws about what kind of swimming pools you can have um without having to have a fence and permits and that kind of thing is shut down right now. So I actually went and bought one of those uh Like 10-foot long baby pools just for something to sit in in the evening to feel better because it's just walking outside. You feel let right away.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So do you know, have you ever done one of these studies before like
SPEAKER_R: Actually
SPEAKER_L: this? Do they
SPEAKER_R: I've done one before with this exact person or this
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: exact person that's putting it out.
SPEAKER_L: better up labs because I've seen this numerous times. This is the first time I've done this, but I've seen them in the past solicit for this and I didn't want to give up my time off, so I just kinda opted not to do it, but this time I'm like, yeah, I give it a try, like, you know, so do they come in and tell you your time's up or do do we, do we just end the conversation?
SPEAKER_R: Let's see. 10 23. Okay so we we have reached our limit a little over actually. Um what they'll do is you actually go back to your, so we can close out of this here in a minute and then go back to the tab where it had the little counter and everything. Um There should be an arrow on that page And when you click that it's going to give you like a 15 minute long survey and then once that will automatically submit and then it's completely done I think they pay you within like two days. They're
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: what you're doing, because like I said, this is kind of doing, this is a new one for me, but uh anyway, and I'm not trying to rush off the conversation anything, but
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: I figure
SPEAKER_R: you're fine.
SPEAKER_L: I just uh if there's a, I didn't know if we had to wait for someone to come on and say, okay, you guys are done or whatever, so, but I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: have enjoyed
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: the conversation.
SPEAKER_R: like that. Me too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, uh it was nice meeting you
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: and good luck with your job. I think you did the right thing by you know taking your safety first. But I hope everything works out well for you because you know, you seem like a good person with a good head
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: on your shoulder. Keep
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: saving that money. Keep saving that.
SPEAKER_R: and until until I find something, I'm just gonna do this and mturk and just any transcription jobs work well to focus groups it is kind of like a full time job in a way because you do have things scheduled every day but I'm fine with that so. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: And you can be close to all your animals. So all right. Hey, you have a good weekend. I thoroughly enjoyed this chat.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you. You too