very good. Okay. It's quick women. Okay. Sure. Yeah.
How you doing?
So I guess are you my chat partner then? I didn't know if you were some intermediary from whoever is doing this.
All right, me too. So let's see. Let's start out with Geographics here. I'm in the midwest to Iowa from
or
not comfortable wherever. I don't care. But.
Oh okay. I know you guys are getting kinda hit hard by that coronavirus thing.
Yeah. My dad actually lives in Clearwater, which is more north. So anyway, pretty uh pretty hot down there I imagine.
Right. I think we we had like 65° weather this morning. So uh you
know.
Yeah. Yeah. My dad tells me what I was going to go down to visit him in october because of this whole corona thing. Getting on a jet right now doesn't appeal to me, you know? And plus a lot of the airlines are in fact the route that goes from I live in uh it's basically near Molina And I don't know if you ever heard of it. It's like, it's on the Mississippi River. We got an airport has a direct flight from Moline to clearwire. I was going to take that, but now, because the airline industry, so like in the gutter, uh, they canceled the flight for october when I was going to go.
I,
yeah. The same thing here in Iowa, our governor has never imposed any kind of stay at home order, has never posed any kind of mask order. Uh, and you know, I was on the hot spot list too. I don't think we're as bad as florida. But uh, yeah, we're not doing great here. Um,
you know, and it's, it's sad because, yeah, it's not fun wearing a mask, but if it's a simple thing and we can keep our economy somewhat open, why would we do it? You know, I just don't get why people are so obstinate. Two simple things. Again, not fun, but simple solution, you know? So anyway, Yeah, and I, I drive for Uber and lift to kind of on the side, well that's impacted my business because there's no business travel anymore. People aren't, you know, we have a big PGA tour event here that attracts a lot of people from around the country, they canceled that. Um you know, so have you been affected by the, like your job or anything or?
yeah, I don't, I mean I don't blame you. I I'm kind of in a similar situation with Uber and looks a side gig for me, but I basically back in Middlemarch, I stopped driving like I I haven't, I've done like maybe six rides in the last three months, you
know,
just
days
where you can keep the windows down, you know my other jobs working for enterprise rent a car and it's I understand what you're going through with, you know, are they keeping me protected from the other people I got to work with and sometimes I feel like they are, you know, um it's it's unfortunate that companies will sacrifice our safety so they can keep the money rolling in, but I mean good good for you for quitting because there's nothing more important than your health, you know, I mean that's
no,
Yeah. You know, savings is what's gotten me through this. I mean that that's one of the smartest things you can do and it's it's nice to see that, you know, if you start at a young age it's just gonna build up and build up and you know, I'm I'm 47 now so I've had you know 20 plus years of savings and let me tell you this moment it came in real handy
because
yes and that's a good habit to to keep
throughout your
life. I mean that's that's really smart to do so um Well guys good sounds like you know it sounds like you got a good head on your shoulders there. So
the paranoia helps doesn't it?
Yeah that's that's real smart. In fact my moment where I started doing it was I was in my early twenties and I was you know like everyone else start now are leaning money to my name and I'm out of getting evicted from an apartment and going through that made me think you know if I would have had a couple $1000 socked away, I probably could have weathered that storm And you know so that's kind of what woke me up and then I started you know my 20's, I just started putting money away and you know you get in the habit of doing it and it adds up quickly.
So.
Yeah so
yeah that's that's good to hear. Um like I said it's something that served me, especially in this particular moment very well because Enterprise, I actually took a sabbatical from that job before they laid us off. They did lay us off. But I actually a couple of weeks before I said you know what guys, I don't think this is safe to be doing this so I'm gonna take a couple weeks off like okay that's fine. So with if I didn't have savings I could have done that.
Yeah and like you say so many people are just well you know no big, oh it's a cold, it's it's a flu, you know and Yeah I don't remember a flu killing 150,000 people in four months. I never seem to think that's ever happened. So anyway uh so
do you do prolific a lot then or?
I
know Franklin
had studies.
I'm
all excited
cause I'm getting 15 for this one,
No
we have birds. So I I know what, you know. Yeah, avian
specialists are not cheap either.
So yeah this is uh it's kind of cool in a way this reminds me of Uber because I pick up strangers get my car, I don't know who they are. Um
I am a conversation that's kind of why I like you know what to do this because it's just interesting random people you might not have a lot in common with, but you can usually quickly find some kind of interest or you know, common ground or something. So you know, for $15 and you know, it just, I do this when I do, I try to at least strike up a conversation with a passenger, you know, because
you got to break the ice, it's a stranger getting in your car, You know, and we're told as kids don't, don't get into a stranger's car. You know, the whole business model for Uber is strangers getting in your car? So have you ever done like Uber left? Like either driven or taking a ride?
florida,
you're
in that.
Cool. So they assume that you're going to be, even if you're not doing it yourself, you're going to be involved in an accident where someone was. So
that means your risk pools higher.
That's all I do these days. You know, my days are going to hockey games and baseball games. Yeah. But uh, you know, driving for him during the pandemic. I haven't done a lot of it, but I've done a little of it and it was early on, no one was wearing a mask and Uber even had like, you had to wear a mask and no one was, was wearing their mask. I was having to cancel a lot of rides, but yesterday I went out and did six rides, three on left, three on Uber. Everyone was wearing a mask with, you know, so maybe there's hope yet. So anyway, uh
well, I feel like I'm dominating conversation here. Uh, let you ask questions or talk if you want you not to go back to dominating him.
Well before I did uber and lift um I was actually in radio broadcasting for like 17 years. I was an on air person. Yeah. Uh so I guess I've always been like this, you know like laver mouth I guess, you know uh like I just, I hate awkward silence. I can always find something to talk about it. It might be really goofy, but I can usually keep the conversation rolling. But yeah, which is why I dominate conversations in, which is why I try to uh you know, sometimes I'm like, okay mike, you've been talking for two minutes straight, maybe give the other person. So um so you work at home health care then? Huh? Or you did anyway?
I mean,
why not? I mean working from home is everyone's dream man. I mean,
how
can you not like working from home? You don't have to shower, you can sit in pajamas, no one cares, you know? Um See for me I couldn't work from home because I like, I'm kind of on the go type person, which is why I don't know if you hear my birds in the background
here. Okay, I'll hold on to shut the door. They get they can get a little loud sometimes, so
Oh wow, what do you have?
axel lot. I can't,
no, I can't.
Uh huh
yeah, and if there's like uh say some kind of like meteorite or something hits the earth as long as you're safe, you can probably repopulate the plant with all the animal, you're
kind
of like a modern day noah's art there. So so yeah, we just have one cocktail
and uh what four? We're down to four parakeets. Um the wife takes in wayward birds that people didn't want. Uh
Parakeets not not not not like the big cockatoos and the big, you know, because because those are a handful.
like parakeets, you know parakeets are $20. People think they're disposable pets, you know? So we've taken in probably Over the years, probably 15-20 wayward parakeets that no one wanted. And then yeah, so that's what, you know, it's it's great because you know, they are still need pets. I mean parakeets are actually really fascinating animals because they are intelligent little parents. Yeah. But then our cockatiel, he's like our son, he's 16 years old, We've had him we've had him since he was hatched in 2004.
So. So yeah, so we can't have dogs or cats because she's allergic to fur and dander. So birds are hypo allergenic, you know? So
anyway.
Yeah and it's almost as expensive as going to the doctor for yourself, you
know?
But but you know in a way you kind of look at them like I look at like matteo that's our cocktail. Uh they have an emotional intelligence and an awareness that, you know, it really it really makes you wonder, you know, uh you know, we kind of just classified them as animals and put ourselves on this higher pedestal. But I mean I think they probably have the same senses about things that we do, we just have a more complex way of expressing. So. Right. Yeah, it's uh it's been I didn't have birds before I met Aaron and you know, I always had dogs and cats but I I really got into birds in the last you know, 15 years uh just watching their behavior, it's fascinating, so.
Yeah. It is kind of uh I see that with especially with the parakeets because you know again there a $20 animal uh
The one that we got we've actually had for like eight years now, it was like this 10 year old girl just went and her mom bought it for at a pet store and within six months she was bored of it. So so we took it in and you know here we are eight years later it's still living. You know. So I mean it just you know and sometimes I wonder if the birds, you know they probably don't really know the situation or what's going on. But um you know I wonder what their situation would have been like if if we hadn't come along would she just set it loose outside our um you know it might have survived a while, but Iowa winters are really harsh and there's no way parakeets were from Australia can survive in Iowa winner. So um, you know, you wonder what's going through people's minds when they buy a patent and decide, oh well it's not working out so you know, it's not like this blouse I bought from amazon, I can just put it back, you know? So I don't know. Anyway.
I've
heard
it was
actually a problem down in florida.
Who?
And I mean these things are like huge.
I
wow. Huh. Well and I've heard san Francisco has a similar problem because their climate is very, you know, year round, kind of hospitable. The most life
uh like san Francisco has a lot of feral birds and other creatures that you probably wouldn't find normally in the United States. So not in Iowa are killed. Everything in Iowa. I mean it's you know, have you ever been to a midwest, upper midwest in
in the world?
Yeah. If you if you ever want to experience basically what Siberia is like come to Iowa in january there's been days were literally colder than Siberia. I'm not joking.
We
We had today it was a couple of years ago we said our all time record low in 2019 it was 33 below zero without a windshield.
That was just the air temperature. So anyway, so how long you lived in south florida area?
Center.
that's what we keep it here. Yeah 79.
So now in Virginia where you like around the D. C. Area or Richmond or?
I want to say I've heard of Harrison but I'm kind of a geography buff. So if the town of like 15,000 or more probably at least seen it on a map. I couldn't tell you exactly where it is but it does sound familiar. Uh
Okay. Yeah. Yeah that town made headlines a couple years ago for that was that was kind of horrific what happened there. So. Yeah. Well of course Charlottesville, I also want to say that's where Dave Matthews band is from. Never heard
of.
Um I want to say that I think they started out and in charlotte's Charlottesville Virginia. So uh yeah Virginia's got to be one of those states. It's it's kind of like all kinds of different demographics. The further west you go I'm sure the more like kind of uh you know hillbilly shit gets a share further north you go it's very like almost kind of new york, New Jersey pennsylvania, kind
of
a big city. Um but I've never been out that we have all the furthest east I've been as buffalo new york, so
Yeah. You know that's another thing about this pandemic, I don't understand, there's so many people that are willing to risk their lives to go to a bar and drink, right? I mean just go and buy a 24 pack of bud light or something and hang out in your living room is cheaper,
you're still gonna get the buzz. But I don't know it's this this kind of connection that people got to have in, you know, being in tightly packed areas and loud noise and I guess that's that's actually what makes them feel alive and it's not the alcohol itself, the alcohol is just kind of an accessory to that, you know? So
I I know that southern florida Miami area had some of the strictest measures in place. I mean they had you know they have really? I mean it seems like you know florida the rest of the state was just you know, no big deal. You know, de Santis is saying oh it's just you know, it's just a flu, whatever, he's basically telling trump's lying the whole thing. But then Miami was like no we're taking this seriously, you know we're shutting things down. And unfortunately still Miami got hit the hardest. It looks like which is kind of like what happened in New york city and you know New york city, they had very strict measures in place. Governor cuomo is on top of it but they still got nailed and I think it's because of the density of the population in places like Miami and new york, you know, it's not like here in Iowa we can kind of space out a little bit, you know, um and I don't live in a small town, I live Davenport, I was like literally a mile from me, I live in a suburb type of setting the Davenport over 100,000 people, which you know, that's, it's not a small town, it's not a big town but it's, it's still small enough that you can space out but it's still large enough that you know, we got obviously, you know, things to do and you know, all kinds of, you know different people and different, you know, we got, we got a crime problem here. I mean there's, there's a lot of gangs here, even
in Iowa they exist so um, but you know in Miami and New york, everyone is just so dense, people are on top of one another and there's no way to get people spaced out, you know?
I think
it's just,
I mean because of the violence are also because it's just a coronavirus or
All right.
Yeah. I mean, it's kind of like, you know, again, people think of Iowa, I think of corn and farmers and that's true for much of the state, But like in Davenport near where I live, um, they have a very large gang problem and even Chicago has taken notice of it because Chicago is 160 miles east of us. And you know, I mean, what town in the United States is more violent than Chicago? I mean that's the most miles. Uh, and even people in Chicago have, have come to realize, oh yeah, damn ports. That's, that's kind of bad too. Um, you know, so it's, uh, in fact, there's a lot of, a lot of my Uber passengers, our Chicago repatriates. They've actually moved to Davenport to get out of Chicago. You know, when they came here, they were like, oh, I didn't, I didn't realize I thought I was moving to a small town. I didn't realize that Davenport also had the same problem Chicago. And these are people from Chicago saying this. So it's like, yeah, it just goes to show you when you kind of live in a certain geographic area and maybe you don't get out from that much. You just kind of rely on the media to make your impressions about places and you know, that's why a lot of people think I was just cornfields and farmers and well, there's that, but there's also legitimate big city problems in some of the cities in the States. So do you like florida then or?
My dad said the humidity in, in Tampa is just, I mean, he said it's awful this time of year you go out. He said, within 30 seconds, you're already drenched.
I don't, I don't know. I like warm weather. Don't get me wrong, I'm an avid bike, a biker. I'm on my bicycle all the time. You know what I hate the winter because I can't get on the bicycle, but there's too much of a good thing and it sounds like florida and it's just like to too much. Oh, so
it's not
like phoenix where it's dry.
Yeah. Yeah. So do you know, have you ever done one of these studies before like
this? Do they
no
better up labs because I've seen this numerous times. This is the first time I've done this, but I've seen them in the past solicit for this and I didn't want to give up my time off, so I just kinda opted not to do it, but this time I'm like, yeah, I give it a try, like, you know, so do they come in and tell you your time's up or do do we, do we just end the conversation?
Well,
I'm
like,
you know
what you're doing, because like I said, this is kind of doing, this is a new one for me, but uh anyway, and I'm not trying to rush off the conversation anything, but
I figure
I just uh if there's a, I didn't know if we had to wait for someone to come on and say, okay, you guys are done or whatever, so, but I
have enjoyed
the conversation.
Yeah. Well, uh it was nice meeting you
and good luck with your job. I think you did the right thing by you know taking your safety first. But I hope everything works out well for you because you know, you seem like a good person with a good head
on your shoulder. Keep
saving that money. Keep saving that.
And you can be close to all your animals. So all right. Hey, you have a good weekend. I thoroughly enjoyed this chat.