what
good?
No just logged on.
I'm in
south.
Yeah. No you're fine. I'm in south florida.
We are
Oh yeah. 100°..
See
that would actually be kind of nice.
Yeah. I mean it's pretty bad down here and people aren't taking it seriously. So
you go into stores and people are screaming and cussing at the employees about, I'm not wearing a mask, I'm not staying away from you and it's no wonder we have it.
No.
Um I actually quit my job because of corona and started doing just online work full time. Um I was doing home health for as a nurse and the company I work for lied to me and they told me that one of my difficult clients, she was tested. They told me she was negative and I have a lot of health problems. So three days after they told me she was negative, I've been with her every day and she finally got a phone call from her doctor and we just wanted to give you your results and she was negative. But they put me at risk and lie to me. So I actually quit and now I only do online until this picks up and I find a different company. Yeah.
I
don't
blame
you.
I just got very lucky because we were actually in the process of a move anyway, so
it was difficult to get back and forth and I did have the savings just knowing that I might want to find something different. So I just got very lucky that I was able to do it, but
that's
how I'm feeling.
Your
credit.
I'm just a very paranoid. I like to plan.
Yeah. Yeah. Because I just turned 30 and every time that all my friends want to go out and do something else say I'm I'm broke and I don't mean I have nothing. I mean, I'm I put money in savings before anything else.
It does
and it helps a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, it's a really good idea if you're able to to be able to get away from this because it's dangerous.
Yeah.
Uh I do prolific. I do in turk um I'll get in on some of the studies from craigslist where they just want you to do like a focus group. Um They're not always scam. Some of them are legitimate. I
just
did one.
Yeah, I I just did one and it ended up paying $175. So that's how I'm
getting
crowded.
This is exciting to me too because last night um I spent $100. I have animals and I had to take one of my guinea pigs are the vet at one o'clock this morning, so that was $180.
But.
Okay.
No.
Yeah.
that makes sense.
I've taken a few, I have a much older car and it's not in great shape Now that I'm working from home, I'm actually if I'm able to keep this up and able to keep up paying taxes because if you make more than 400 they will send you forms And so I I have all that put away and I'm going to wait like a few more months. But if I can do it, I'm thinking about selling my car. Um it's got a few minor issues anyway and insurance. I used to live in Virginia. My car insurance was $263 every six months in Virginia. It's 1000 every six months down here. I asked them what changed and they said it's only my zip code, I I have a perfectly clean
record of 30 and they're like it's high drinking and driving which I don't do but that's what we're
punished
for.
No,
so for insurance alone I'm thinking about just getting rid of it and then actually just taking Uber or lift when I need to get around because I don't really know, I go to the grocery store and that's about it because Yeah.
Okay.
Oh you're fine. I like that because it just keeps the conversation going
I used to yeah, I'll probably end up going back to it if well it depends because if I can make money off of this kind of thing, I'd I'd
rather just not put myself back at risk.
It
is.
I do,
That's okay, I love animals, we actually have 20 total, so
um well I have two guinea pigs, a dog, a tortoise that lives outside um a turtle, we have her in a large aquarium right now, but we're going to build her a pond, I've got a goldfish, a couple of snails, I don't know if you've heard of an axle model, but
I'm
it's uh they call it a mexican water salamander. Um They live in little puddles in Mexico and it's basically just a little, it's a little pink salamander um but it always has these long gills that come out of its head, it's it's really keep
um then I've got a bearded dragon, a skink which is just a two ft long lizard, um a dog, a couple of frogs and a hamster. So we we have a lot, but that's that's another reason I like to stay home because I usually have somebody on my lap.
with
animal
I
well
they're beautiful but they're alive. Yeah.
that's awesome.
most
of my animals are rescue and that's why they're so expensive is because I usually get ones that have issues and need vet care and extra things.
It
is,
I'm kind of lucky because I, any time that I see an animal in need, I'll get it and I'll figure it out and I'll put the money down and I don't care what it takes. And when I found this last, because it's sad, I've only had this guinea pig that's costing me vet bills for about a month. Now. I had went into a pet store just on a whim and they had him in a little box and it said free to go home. And I asked what was going on with him. And they were like, the girl just brought him in, dumped him off with no supplies, didn't tell his age, didn't even tell that he was male. I just found out by looking um didn't say as far as I know, he's never had a name. Nothing. And he's definitely an adult. He was in terrible shape. He's already, I've had him at the vet two different times and where he's back on track now he's going to be okay. But I mean that free animal cost me all that money. He's in a four ft by four ft cage beside me. He sleeps by my bed. I I just don't know how people can be so mean.
Is this?
See we have the opposite problem down here are winners stay pretty warm. So anybody that releases we have a lot of like wild birds, a lot of wild snakes. A lot of people iguanas, things like that and
I
wanna
are destructive.
They are Yeah. You're supposed to shoot them which I look the other way but you're supposed to kill them.
Um They can get up into your attic and things and tear up your installation so I understand why but I just I can't personally do it.
six ft
long 60. Yeah
because
No
I've only ever really florida Virginia indiana. Just that little strip there that's about it.
I don't
think I could do it.
Group.
Uh seven years and then we just moved a little bit further south. We finally were able to house. I don't think I could do cold anymore um when my boyfriend's at work during the day because he works long hours. I
keep the air conditioner on 79 for myself and I'm happy and
oh Okay and he comes home and puts it on 76 and I put on long pants sleep. Okay.
We were in Harrisonburg if you've ever heard of it. So we were James Madison University. Mhm.
About an hour. It's about an hour from Charlottesville.
think
so.
Are
you?
I didn't like where we lived in Virginia but I mean that's where I was born so that's all I knew forever. But we were about 5 to 10 minutes from the college so all of the prices were super inflated. But there's nothing really to do unless you wanted to drink or party or go to sports bar and I don't do that. It was definitely not for me.
pence.
Yeah. Down here they shut our bars down in april and then they open them back up for about two weeks maybe. Yeah, maybe about two weeks and the numbers rose so much they looked into it but as far as I know they're still closed, they closed them back down.
man.
we're lucky enough to live on the gulf coast so we're closer to Naples. But yeah, Miami is I I don't know if I feel comfortable walking outside of my house in Miami. It's
it's
bad there.
Mostly just the virus. But yeah, there's
lot of violence, a lot of shootings, a lot of things over there too.
I do you know for the most part, I mean, I don't like the humidity and if we get a hurricane that's bad, I don't know what they're gonna do with all this, stay away from each other, but get out kind of thing. It's going to be a mess. Yeah.
Yeah, you are.
No, it's
the
the humidity is miserable. I mean when we moved here they have some pretty strict laws about what kind of swimming pools you can have um without having to have a fence and permits and that kind of thing is shut down right now. So I actually went and bought one of those uh Like 10-foot long baby pools just for something to sit in in the evening to feel better because it's just walking outside. You feel let right away.
Actually
I've done one before with this exact person or this
exact person that's putting it out.
Let's see. 10 23. Okay so we we have reached our limit a little over actually. Um what they'll do is you actually go back to your, so we can close out of this here in a minute and then go back to the tab where it had the little counter and everything. Um There should be an arrow on that page And when you click that it's going to give you like a 15 minute long survey and then once that will automatically submit and then it's completely done I think they pay you within like two days. They're
pretty
good
about
it.
no
you're fine.
I'm
not
like that. Me too.
You too.
Well
thank you.
and until until I find something, I'm just gonna do this and mturk and just any transcription jobs work well to focus groups it is kind of like a full time job in a way because you do have things scheduled every day but I'm fine with that so. Yeah
Well thank you. You too