SPEAKER_L: Hi. Hey. What's going on?
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. All right yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I am doing good. Make sure I have the, you tried it. Okay, cool.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, my name is matt.
SPEAKER_L: What are you doing? I'm being where you from man?
SPEAKER_R: I am from southern California and Ben is the name of my brother. So I appreciate
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: your name. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: That's what's up from south Louisiana Atlanta? The hurricane.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah. How many have you? How
SPEAKER_L: Real?
SPEAKER_R: many of you written through at this point?
SPEAKER_L: This year two. I drove through one the other day.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: It was real fun. Not at all.
SPEAKER_R: that's insane.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine I out here in southern California that we get the occasional earthquake here and there, but nothing, nothing like hurricane. That's crazy
SPEAKER_L: You have been getting a lot of those tremors
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: around the san Andreas. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, everyone keeps saying the big ones
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: coming, but we haven't really gotten a big
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: one in quite
SPEAKER_L: do you think about?
SPEAKER_R: time. I'm not too,
SPEAKER_L: I think it's coming.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not too worried. Yeah, we do have fires though. I mean not necessarily like a lot where I am because I'm, you know, Orange County just in California, they're kind of by L. A. L. A. Has a couple of pills that will light up here and there. But besides that a lot of the fires are kind of more up northern California, which is, you know, hours and hours away from us. So
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy though when people out there just getting roasted. That's I know it's normal but it's not normal.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's really not. In fact actually funny there there's like websites dedicated to like where is it burning in California right now, just like constantly
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: tracking the different fires that are happening in California,
SPEAKER_L: required.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's crazy. It's supposed to be 2020 an American that you got yellow lit up
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: over
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: it's insane. So thankfully I don't really like, you know, I don't have family by locations like that, but I'll kind of here friends or friends type of situations where people having to evacuate stuff like that, but for us it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a big deal. They're losing everything I know down here. The hurricanes. We're used to it. And were we expected because you get living in the marsh and you get what you ask where we're living on the gulf coast. We're gonna get shitty weather. But that stuff is just that stuff is insane.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So what do you guys typically do, like when do you just, I would do like just board up your house, get in your car and drive for? Like what do you,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it depends on how close you live to the coast like um right now we, we live kind of, we live pretty close but just the water can come get up to you, but it's best to get in your car and get away.
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: Just go to another state. But we did this time as we waited till the hurricane almost hit and then decided to evacuate, which was stupid. So we literally drove across the interstate throughout this whole thing with number storm chasers man. It was, it was insane. I
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: don't recommend it to anybody. It was like driving through a war zone man, you see snapped and a half and like people's people's possessions from the hurricane six weeks ago, still on the road. So you've got trees and refrigerators on the interstate Minutes. It was like I get off the interstate, you know, I see like whitecaps in the parking lot and back on it was nuts. It was yeah, it was definitely too much of an adventure man. But yeah, you just got to get out the way because you can't stop it. You know you can do what you can for cleanup and when it's all over but when when it comes man 100 miles an hour without stopping a some heavy win.
SPEAKER_R: How do you even, like,
SPEAKER_L: And as
SPEAKER_R: how do you even, like, I'm assuming everyone in that area has some sort of like a hurricane insurance, right? So they leave, no, I don't know how it goes to, people just constantly leave it to lose everything. They have period,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I hate saying it. But yeah that you can't get an actual hurricane insurance, you can get flood insurance and you can cross that up with your this insurance or your homeowners but they don't ever give you a pure hurricane so you you're gonna take a lick no matter what your best bet is to insure everything. You have built your house up on high ground, just get away from the coast. But if you live on the coast you know it's gonna come you know you just have but you know when you got cities like lake Charles in new Orleans those are supposed to be real cities man, I'm supposed to take gifts
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: that and they're underwater.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Lake Charles was I mean it was driving through like Charles was tough man because it looked like a third world country and I mean it was getting hit again. So you pretty much got to start over. The government's good about helping. But there's also a slow about helping. So you see a lot of people that a lot of people don't care. They love it. You see them out there and they're waiters with their boats and they think it's great. Absolutely love it. They think the winds funny and the water is great and there
SPEAKER_R: that's bizarre. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but it happens but like I said there's nothing like an earthquake or a fire but it's um it's almost like stuff we're used to man, were we expected every
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: year? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Well Ben, how long you been living down there in that area?
SPEAKER_L: Born and raised man. How about you
SPEAKER_R: I was technically actually born in Kentucky um and then Yep, Yep
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My family moved out here when I was like 13 and uh so I don't know like you know your formative years, there's kind of somewhere when you're middle school high school age, so I actually built most of my kind of close your friendships out here, so I kind of consider this my home, but I did spend a good amount of time in Kentucky before moving out here. My dad got like a teaching job here out in southern California. So we moved
SPEAKER_L: A really big difference from Kentucky.
SPEAKER_R: Huge dude. I grew up
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: in a town of about 6000 people to really small. We had, we had one stoplight and one grocery store in the entire town and that's it. So you know, kind of in the middle of nowhere. And then I remember like getting on the plane to move and getting off of the plane and the two things I noticed number one was I walked off the plane and it was hot and I didn't feel it Because like, you know over back it's like humidity is a thing. Like, you know, it could be, it could be 85, you know, up there, but you're, you know, you're sweating, you're completely soaked. But then out here it'll get really hot, you know? Like even today it's like you know, mid 90's but you don't you don't really sweat too much. You don't feel it too much. I mean it'll feel like when it's hot it feels hot but it doesn't feel as heavy as it does, you know? So I remember noticing that and I remember noticing just like how It was just like so much bigger so much faster. Like I walked from this tiny 6000 person town into like the metropolis of Orange County like constantly like everything is everywhere and it was crazy. So I as a kid I liked it because it was it was like just interesting and new and you know, I thought it was cool and I found new friendships and stuff like that. But it was a big difference, big change
SPEAKER_L: So you really live like in the real old seat
SPEAKER_R: realizing most people, most
SPEAKER_L: and I
SPEAKER_R: people when they think of Oc they think so Oc is kind of divided into two sections. Not really but just kind of demographic and kind of how that the county is. There's no Northern Orange County that's more kind of middle class suburbs type like normal. And then there's Southern Orange County where all kind of the money is, there's a lot of rich. You know when you see shows about Orange County usually that it's kind of like Southern Orange County is where where they're depicting so.
SPEAKER_L: that's kind of what I wanted to ask. You heard about a doctor out there that was going through some trouble. Like it turns out he um he was apparently drugging his patients and doing all, he was like a famous um I'm kind of doctor was here are not orthopedic. He did something might have been orthopedic but he he's from where I'm from and it was crazy to see him like he was on the tv show the most eligible doctor in Orange County or whatever. Then the dudes out there getting in trouble for doing crazy stuff and this is, yeah, it's kind of blew my mind like the kind of stuff they're into out there, how much money they have and how he just blended in was just nuts.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty crazy. Yeah. You got to L. A. Scene where there's a lot of that kind of stuff, a lot of money, you know, Beverly hills, that sort of thing. That's L. A. And also in Orange County, specifically more Southern Orange County. So like by the beach like Newport Beach like Huntington beach, stuff like that kind of more more in those areas. You got a lot of money, a lot of partying going on.
SPEAKER_L: It's like movies that house Corona treating you all out there.
SPEAKER_R: Good, good. It's not it's not too bad, I can't complain too much. It's like um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's really interesting. You get really mixed responses because you have, you have like in California kind of have a mix, you have a mix of people who are super liberal like L. A. Super liberal. Um surprisingly Orange County is more conservative kind of in there. Like I thought you know politics and kind of that they're thinking so you get a mix of some people like each town specifically like specifically they're like screw it like I like I don't care, I'm not wearing a mask, like I'm not whatever, you know that's like I'm here at the beach, don't talk about my life. That's like you know people like that but then you also get you know people that are like out protesting in the streets in L. A. So just it's
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: kind of it's kind of mixed bag but uh thankfully for me, I am a like I work from home and have been for a long time um And so this doesn't really change for me too much. My my wife had her job transition where she had to work from home for a little bit but then she kind of went back to work which is good. The kids, I have two kids, they like their daycare clothes for a little bit. So I was kind of hard because we were at one point all for you know kids me and my wife were all at the same house trying to both work and deal with you know little kids at the same time. That was pretty stressful, but that was probably only for like a month and a half, two months. And after that take your open back up. Um You know my wife's job, the offices you know open back up so she went back there so things kind of settled down fairly quickly for us. So I know some people have gotten really hit by it but we've we've actually surprisingly grace of God, we've been doing pretty good. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Same here man. I just have a hard time listening to people tell me to stay home and not do this and not do that. Just that baffles me that we're even at that point as a country man. It makes me nervous.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah sure sure. It's really interesting. It's it's a it's a hard just a hard 1 to 2 pin down because I understand something that like their their moments I can see both sides of the corn and moments I can't you know because it's it's a new thing they're trying to figure out you know how to do this thing for the first time you know trying to deal with a pandemic. They're trying to look at data, but the data is changing and trying to make calls and then, you know, it got political and messy and just, it's tough. It's tough all around.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's been, that's been my view to the way I see it. If you're going to be a standard or an organization that makes those calls, you should know what you're doing before you make those decisions because people follow you and if you're gonna switch up on the go, you really, I'm not gonna put much faith in that man. You know, it's just kinda hard to, to base my decision on someone who can't even figure out
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: what they're telling me
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: yet,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: for last night.
SPEAKER_L: know? But uh,
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: you all,
SPEAKER_R: are you guys down there? Is it like do people kind of do what they want or is it pretty tight?
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yes and no. I mean you got some people that will freak out if you don't have a mask on. I mean they go, they go, ape shit, they got people getting arrested, they got people getting fine. But then like where I'm from, you're good. I mean, it's a really small kind of sounds like where you grew up in a small town. Everyone kind of knows everyone and you take it for what it is. Nobody really has a problem with it. And no one's really been sick either. I mean they keep saying that the people are sick but I don't know any of them you know So I mean you know I guess you know thank God we're lucky too but I don't um I'm I'm glad I'm in the area where people don't take it too too seriously with other parts of like we're in texas right now and they're they're gung ho about it man. Don't you dare go out without a mask. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah and don't stand close to people that will freak out.
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: I mean they get upset. They called the cops like they would call the yeah and I thought it was a joke at first but they're dead serious
SPEAKER_R: wow. That's weird. Cause I remember, I remember seeing that texas is one of the first states to really push to like completely open back up, you know, no lockdown, nothing like that. So I figured texas would be
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: more like kind of free spirit and
SPEAKER_L: that that's the thing though you hear about the lockdown and they're not locked down like apparently Louisiana when phase three but people are still freaking out in texas. I don't know what phase they're in but it's just it's like each little community like pocket of people in their own way of dealing with it and their own way of going about it. They're they're strongly they feel strong about it man which I wanted to be crazy but we might have judged anybody you know
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just trying to stay safe. It's the strangest times I can remember living in for sure. I'm just trying to stay safe and get through it.
SPEAKER_R: it's super bizarre.
SPEAKER_L: Things are
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can't like All I keep thinking about my head is how one day I'm gonna try and have to explain this to my kids when they're older, you know, like, like 10 years from now, 15 years from now. And they're like, hey dad, remember like, you know, this thing or you know, you were like, what was it like? Like how do you know what to say? It's such a
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: bizarre
SPEAKER_L: what about
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: What about this? What about in 10 years if we're still are wearing mask? How
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: you gonna explain that? That's what's got me where we
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: gosh,
SPEAKER_L: this thing is not that that's not going away and that's the new normal and kids got to grow up without being kids anymore because they were in a mask and they can't touch each other and talk. That's, that's, that's, it's a possibility man,
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: man,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: at that point, I think I would move to nowhere in Montana, get a cabin and say, nope, we're living our lives, you know? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I feel you, but I'm scared. I'm scared. It might happen man. I'm scared of. What about the protests are doing a lot of that out there on that Black Lives matter
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: yes and no. Like I said, you know, the uh L. A. Is just hopping with, you know, a lot of kind of liberal politics, which is fine. That's that's the prerogative. But so there's definitely some, there's definitely protesting out in there. Nothing is bad. I mean, once again, man in the midst of all this chaos, because there's protesting coronavirus stuff, like There's been so much chaos in 2020 in the United States. So I feel like I really tried to take a pretty heavy step back from trying to kind of track with all of it because once again
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: it wasn't necessarily touching a lot of us and I don't know like I know I know the good civil thing is to try and engage with the conversations and think it through and figure out. But for me it was just really heavy. It was really hard to kind of wade through to try and figure out what I believed was right and what I believe was wrong. Um it's just really, really tough because I felt like you know, you have voices that are saying the exact opposite thing, presenting data to back up their point of view, I believe. So, so I feel like I just tried to honestly just trying to kind of tune it out. So I know there's writing and stuff out here. I don't think it was nearly as bad as what you're getting kind of closer to what a lot of this was happening. Um I actually have a guy that I work with that was about 30 minutes out from, Gosh, where this all started uh in ST. like kind of kind of that area is about 30 minutes out from where you know, this all went down and um he said it was just chaotic like kind of what you're saying like almost war zone, like you know, places like things on the place is on fire and just like, you know, just a lot of stuff going down. But man, we weren't we weren't anything close to that always where we are here in Orange County, so I kind of just let it slide like let it be what it was.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I hear that. I'm the same way man. Because I honestly, you can't try to see everybody side of the story and I don't think we're getting all the facts so I can't make a judgment call on anything.
SPEAKER_R: it's really
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: hard,
SPEAKER_L: trying to keep out of the, you know, the Bs and stay safe. I just, I hope again that doesn't get worse with the elections and everything else is just, it's just a tough time to be an american dude. It really is.
SPEAKER_R: Has it has
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: ever
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: gotten
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: said,
SPEAKER_R: point
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: that you
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: you explain?
SPEAKER_R: of like uh moving to the country? Really?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, absolutely. I've actually been looking, they actually have countries that will pay you to move there like,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: know. Yeah, like um they got a few different countries like where was I looking at the other day? I want to say santiago chile a few other like crazy place, I never thought I'd live like really like on the up and up with their technology and like their their tech jobs and I'll pay you all kind of money to start a business there. And I mean new Zealand is not a bad idea just because I mean if it gets any crazier man, I just can't really see myself participating in all these nuts. I mean it's just the, I mean the fact that they got people telling us where we can and can't go how many people we can have in a room or what I mean to me that's drawing the line. So if it gets any worse, I'm gonna have to exit man, I just can't see it. That
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I've ever gotten to the point of you know, googling and doing research about it, but I definitely
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: thought like, okay, I mean it's hard, you know, like my whole family is here like we all kind of were down here in southern California, we're all really close and so so realistically, I don't think I've ever pull the trigger on something like that, but through the chaos, I've been like, man, like what do you do if this really gets drastic so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it was really 11 or two steps away because I mean, you know what do you do that day? They tell you can't leave your house and you're going to jail if you leave me or start separating people like by force. I mean, I couldn't accept that. I'm I'm not saying it will come to that, but man, it
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: could we we've gotten this far, we shut the whole world down, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I saw something yesterday where the W. H. O. The World Health Organization was actually condemning the strategy of and I think this was, I think the first time condemning the strategy of lockdown saying, hey lockdowns are actually never intended to be long term. They're really not the best strategy just like, okay, cool. But I mean stuff like that, it's kind of like hopeful signs like okay, so it seems like people are starting to wise up, people are starting to say, hey we can't keep doing this forever, so stuff like that's helpful.
SPEAKER_L: You would think and I mean it is help, but at the same time you're talking about the one organization that has the ability to shut stuff down. So at one point they're saying do this and then they're peeling back saying, never mind we were wrong. I like people before they make those decisions that they're that important to know what they're
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: saying.
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really do your homework yet. At least let me trust you know what you're doing before you shut us all down because the world came to a halt man. People never get their jobs back and you can't I think it hadn't even shown how ugly it's gonna get. But you never know
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, it'll be crazy. I'm I'm hoping that things start to and I can't calm down. I really hope things
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: everybody
SPEAKER_R: to come down.
SPEAKER_L: keeps their head, everybody keeps their head cool, like, you know, looks at it like you do. I think it would you get caught up in the hype? They're only gonna get ignorant because because one on one people are smart, but you get a group of they tend to get dumb, be
SPEAKER_R: Put
SPEAKER_L: honest.
SPEAKER_R: out 100%. that's crazy. Let me I need to actually ran put my dog in the past two seconds.
SPEAKER_L: You're good, man. It looks it five more minutes. It don't put the dog up. What are we going to swim? Yeah, I'm gonna make sure Jackson. All right. Yeah, so I just had to come to these things. It's up to you will be ready go girl.
SPEAKER_R: So Ben,
SPEAKER_L: Whereas
SPEAKER_R: do you do any sort
SPEAKER_L: can do
SPEAKER_R: of do any sort of work or anything like that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I do. I'm gonna oilfield salesman. I'm basically like a carbon steel and exotic we call exotic duplex of in there for the oil field. Just just all feel related to our work. But anything from like huge, you know about all feel like drilling for oil or anything like
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: that huge pipes or anything of a huge pipes. Um Solid bars they make tools with, which is kind of cool because a lot of metallurgy involved, you know a lot of respect. You have to you know, chemical analysis and stuff. So it's a lot more than just pipe is. Um It's like it's basically finding chemical makes up a metal they can use for tools, they do some really cool stuff with IT man. CNC machines are amazing, they can do anything with anything. So we we do everything from selling pipe to go down a hole for like you know five years tools that they need to go fear something out, which is neat man.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, what kind of work you do?
SPEAKER_R: How do programming? So I do the whole sit in front of the scheme screen, type on the keyboard sort of thing? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so yeah this this this isn't affecting
SPEAKER_R: nope,
SPEAKER_L: you at all then you're good at home,
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: let's say you got a comfortable chair, you're good.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. That's really funny. Like I have my home set up here, so I, you know, I have a big wide screen and then a big widescreen underneath it and, you know, nice desk, comfortable chair. And this is all like, this is my setup all before coronavirus. So through all of this, I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: man
SPEAKER_R: okay, like world's going crazy out there, but I'm doing okay.
SPEAKER_L: it works for you, you deal with like cyber security at all, you deal with anything like
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: that where you
SPEAKER_R: so I'm a web developer. So I work, so I work with a company right now. Um
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: and it, yeah, so basically, you know we have a team of different people who sit down, we write code, we actually build the application. Um And so I specifically do something where I'm writing um like through coding and writing tests that will actually test the program itself. I love it. Like I I totally like geek out over it but I'll sit down and start with a blank, it's like to me it's a super creative process but I'll start with like nothing so a blank file, nothing in it. And then I'll you know kind of sit down crank out this code and what it builds it builds a test that will run automatically on its own to automate it will run and it will go and check our platform. So something like a facebook like just like our website because you know people people use us as a company to do different things, so they'll log in, you know, go to their account, they'll set up page for themselves, they'll kind of tweet different settings, that sort of thing. And so I will through coding, right um a test that will basically do that and pretend to be a user, so it will pull up in a browser, it will log in, it will go to account, it will look at different settings, it's basically just running through all of the different corners of our platform to make sure that nothing is busted. And if it finds something that's broken it will actually like send out a report so that we can see it. Um and so basically it kind of helps to make sure that we're aware at all times of what either currently is broken in our product so we can fix it or um if we write to say, you know someone else's writing code to build something new um this test will kind of run through that and then say, oh wait, if you if you actually implement this, it will break this, this, this, this and this, so you should fix that before you actually try and like push it out. So it's pretty cool, I love what I get to do.
SPEAKER_L: how often you have to update that thing, how often you have to check your little checker like how often you have to,
SPEAKER_R: it's honestly
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: it's supposed to be running continuous continuously. Um but really the main the main times that it kind of runs and does its course is whenever we are, because the thing about like having a product that's kind of based on technology like you know, a website or something like that is it will constantly break at different points all the time, mainly because you constantly are adapting and changing it. You know, customers
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: need new features or maybe teachers out of dates have to update them. Like this constantly work to be done and so in that work to be done really what's happening is you're changing and evolving it, you're adding code to it, you're rewriting stuff, you're like whatever. And so that process of evolution at every turn, something could break and so every turn, these tests are running to see if something will break or if it won't break, if it's good to go. So yeah, so that's what I want to get to do over here.
SPEAKER_L: it seems pretty cool. It seems like a never ending process.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: So it
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: seems like you can always have something going wrong.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, super. Honestly, I I love it. It's like it's really funny, you know, some people, I feel like I
SPEAKER_L: Brand.
SPEAKER_R: feel like you know coding has become a much bigger being a programmer has become much more mainstream. Like a lot of people are kind of caught onto that train. Um but at the same time like I found where it's just clearly like you love it or you hate it, like there's just the two extremes because it's a lot of super technical jargon and super like I mean you have to you have to like hit roadblocks every day and then like that's the point where you like do I like this or doing on because you love it, then you're like cool, like you enjoy the process of getting over the hump and doing research and figuring out why this thing is broken and like you kind of dive into it, but if you hate it, like you're gonna you're gonna get every day your job, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I find it really talks about free coding this side and the other. I'm like that's not something you just
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: jump in, you know, that you don't, it either fits you a dozen, man because I know it's a strenuous task in some meticulous ties to, it's not something that's just gonna fly by the seat of your pants. You have to get into it. You really gotta live that stuff, man. I know it's not easy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: it, it's it's been a process like I actually never finished school. So I was I was here for I went to school for about four years, met my wife got married, was on kind of a long story short, my dad was a professor where I went to school and so I had a free ride through him because you know, I was a child, a professor. I got in school for free, I didn't realize that kind of some of the bylaws of how that worked was as soon as I got married, I was no longer dependent of his and so that's, I lost my free ride overnight and so I was like in a position where I was kind of, you know, it was a private christian school, like it was kind of not kind of expensive is very expensive and my, my family is not a family with money. So I was in a place where I was like newly married, I need to support my wife and now us and then suddenly like had to figure out how to go back to school and just didn't work. So I'm like, okay, I got I got launch out and try and do this thing without it. So it was really cool. I feel like I didn't have, I didn't know anything about programming until post college, but I found myself in an internship, found myself diving into this thing and really loving it and then kind of through time and effort and teaching myself and you know, like a long road. It's kind of landed me here, so I'm super grateful to be here and I really, really like it.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool, man. It really is cool. Well, it looks like we have about 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: we did. This is fun then. I appreciate, appreciate the conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Really was cool talking to you, man. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_R: good luck out there with all the hurricanes,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, These two men stay safe on five,
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: man,
SPEAKER_R: Alright, take music.