Hi. Hey. What's going on?
Mhm. All right yourself?
All right.
What are you doing? I'm being where you from man?
No.
That's what's up from south Louisiana Atlanta? The hurricane.
Real?
This year two. I drove through one the other day.
It was real fun. Not at all.
No.
You have been getting a lot of those tremors
around the san Andreas. Huh?
What
What
do you think about?
I think it's coming.
That's crazy though when people out there just getting roasted. That's I know it's normal but it's not normal.
but
required.
Yeah. That's crazy. It's supposed to be 2020 an American that you got yellow lit up
over
there.
Yeah, that's a big deal. They're losing everything I know down here. The hurricanes. We're used to it. And were we expected because you get living in the marsh and you get what you ask where we're living on the gulf coast. We're gonna get shitty weather. But that stuff is just that stuff is insane.
Yeah, it depends on how close you live to the coast like um right now we, we live kind of, we live pretty close but just the water can come get up to you, but it's best to get in your car and get away.
Just go to another state. But we did this time as we waited till the hurricane almost hit and then decided to evacuate, which was stupid. So we literally drove across the interstate throughout this whole thing with number storm chasers man. It was, it was insane. I
don't recommend it to anybody. It was like driving through a war zone man, you see snapped and a half and like people's people's possessions from the hurricane six weeks ago, still on the road. So you've got trees and refrigerators on the interstate Minutes. It was like I get off the interstate, you know, I see like whitecaps in the parking lot and back on it was nuts. It was yeah, it was definitely too much of an adventure man. But yeah, you just got to get out the way because you can't stop it. You know you can do what you can for cleanup and when it's all over but when when it comes man 100 miles an hour without stopping a some heavy win.
And as
I mean I hate saying it. But yeah that you can't get an actual hurricane insurance, you can get flood insurance and you can cross that up with your this insurance or your homeowners but they don't ever give you a pure hurricane so you you're gonna take a lick no matter what your best bet is to insure everything. You have built your house up on high ground, just get away from the coast. But if you live on the coast you know it's gonna come you know you just have but you know when you got cities like lake Charles in new Orleans those are supposed to be real cities man, I'm supposed to take gifts
like
that and they're underwater.
Lake Charles was I mean it was driving through like Charles was tough man because it looked like a third world country and I mean it was getting hit again. So you pretty much got to start over. The government's good about helping. But there's also a slow about helping. So you see a lot of people that a lot of people don't care. They love it. You see them out there and they're waiters with their boats and they think it's great. Absolutely love it. They think the winds funny and the water is great and there
but it happens but like I said there's nothing like an earthquake or a fire but it's um it's almost like stuff we're used to man, were we expected every
year? Yes.
Born and raised man. How about you
Yeah.
A really big difference from Kentucky.
Look
So you really live like in the real old seat
and I
that's kind of what I wanted to ask. You heard about a doctor out there that was going through some trouble. Like it turns out he um he was apparently drugging his patients and doing all, he was like a famous um I'm kind of doctor was here are not orthopedic. He did something might have been orthopedic but he he's from where I'm from and it was crazy to see him like he was on the tv show the most eligible doctor in Orange County or whatever. Then the dudes out there getting in trouble for doing crazy stuff and this is, yeah, it's kind of blew my mind like the kind of stuff they're into out there, how much money they have and how he just blended in was just nuts.
It's like movies that house Corona treating you all out there.
No.
That's crazy.
Yeah, Same here man. I just have a hard time listening to people tell me to stay home and not do this and not do that. Just that baffles me that we're even at that point as a country man. It makes me nervous.
Yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's been, that's been my view to the way I see it. If you're going to be a standard or an organization that makes those calls, you should know what you're doing before you make those decisions because people follow you and if you're gonna switch up on the go, you really, I'm not gonna put much faith in that man. You know, it's just kinda hard to, to base my decision on someone who can't even figure out
what they're telling me
yet,
you
know? But uh,
I'm glad
you all,
you know? Yes and no. I mean you got some people that will freak out if you don't have a mask on. I mean they go, they go, ape shit, they got people getting arrested, they got people getting fine. But then like where I'm from, you're good. I mean, it's a really small kind of sounds like where you grew up in a small town. Everyone kind of knows everyone and you take it for what it is. Nobody really has a problem with it. And no one's really been sick either. I mean they keep saying that the people are sick but I don't know any of them you know So I mean you know I guess you know thank God we're lucky too but I don't um I'm I'm glad I'm in the area where people don't take it too too seriously with other parts of like we're in texas right now and they're they're gung ho about it man. Don't you dare go out without a mask. Yeah.
Oh yeah and don't stand close to people that will freak out.
I mean they get upset. They called the cops like they would call the yeah and I thought it was a joke at first but they're dead serious
But
that that's the thing though you hear about the lockdown and they're not locked down like apparently Louisiana when phase three but people are still freaking out in texas. I don't know what phase they're in but it's just it's like each little community like pocket of people in their own way of dealing with it and their own way of going about it. They're they're strongly they feel strong about it man which I wanted to be crazy but we might have judged anybody you know
I'm just trying to stay safe. It's the strangest times I can remember living in for sure. I'm just trying to stay safe and get through it.
Things are
but
what about
What about this? What about in 10 years if we're still are wearing mask? How
you gonna explain that? That's what's got me where we
did
this thing is not that that's not going away and that's the new normal and kids got to grow up without being kids anymore because they were in a mask and they can't touch each other and talk. That's, that's, that's, it's a possibility man,
you
know?
yeah, I feel you, but I'm scared. I'm scared. It might happen man. I'm scared of. What about the protests are doing a lot of that out there on that Black Lives matter
stuff
or?
you're
yeah, I hear that. I'm the same way man. Because I honestly, you can't try to see everybody side of the story and I don't think we're getting all the facts so I can't make a judgment call on anything.
I just
trying to keep out of the, you know, the Bs and stay safe. I just, I hope again that doesn't get worse with the elections and everything else is just, it's just a tough time to be an american dude. It really is.
You
know,
like
you
said,
how
do
you explain?
Oh yeah, absolutely. I've actually been looking, they actually have countries that will pay you to move there like,
you
know. Yeah, like um they got a few different countries like where was I looking at the other day? I want to say santiago chile a few other like crazy place, I never thought I'd live like really like on the up and up with their technology and like their their tech jobs and I'll pay you all kind of money to start a business there. And I mean new Zealand is not a bad idea just because I mean if it gets any crazier man, I just can't really see myself participating in all these nuts. I mean it's just the, I mean the fact that they got people telling us where we can and can't go how many people we can have in a room or what I mean to me that's drawing the line. So if it gets any worse, I'm gonna have to exit man, I just can't see it. That
this is
Yeah, I mean it was really 11 or two steps away because I mean, you know what do you do that day? They tell you can't leave your house and you're going to jail if you leave me or start separating people like by force. I mean, I couldn't accept that. I'm I'm not saying it will come to that, but man, it
could we we've gotten this far, we shut the whole world down, you know?
You would think and I mean it is help, but at the same time you're talking about the one organization that has the ability to shut stuff down. So at one point they're saying do this and then they're peeling back saying, never mind we were wrong. I like people before they make those decisions that they're that important to know what they're
saying.
Like
really do your homework yet. At least let me trust you know what you're doing before you shut us all down because the world came to a halt man. People never get their jobs back and you can't I think it hadn't even shown how ugly it's gonna get. But you never know
think
if
everybody
keeps their head, everybody keeps their head cool, like, you know, looks at it like you do. I think it would you get caught up in the hype? They're only gonna get ignorant because because one on one people are smart, but you get a group of they tend to get dumb, be
honest.
You're good, man. It looks it five more minutes. It don't put the dog up. What are we going to swim? Yeah, I'm gonna make sure Jackson. All right. Yeah, so I just had to come to these things. It's up to you will be ready go girl.
Whereas
can do
Yeah, I do. I'm gonna oilfield salesman. I'm basically like a carbon steel and exotic we call exotic duplex of in there for the oil field. Just just all feel related to our work. But anything from like huge, you know about all feel like drilling for oil or anything like
that huge pipes or anything of a huge pipes. Um Solid bars they make tools with, which is kind of cool because a lot of metallurgy involved, you know a lot of respect. You have to you know, chemical analysis and stuff. So it's a lot more than just pipe is. Um It's like it's basically finding chemical makes up a metal they can use for tools, they do some really cool stuff with IT man. CNC machines are amazing, they can do anything with anything. So we we do everything from selling pipe to go down a hole for like you know five years tools that they need to go fear something out, which is neat man.
Yes, what kind of work you do?
so yeah this this this isn't affecting
you at all then you're good at home,
let's say you got a comfortable chair, you're good.
man
it works for you, you deal with like cyber security at all, you deal with anything like
that where you
and
how often you have to update that thing, how often you have to check your little checker like how often you have to,
you know?
And
it seems pretty cool. It seems like a never ending process.
So it
seems like you can always have something going wrong.
Brand.
Yeah. I find it really talks about free coding this side and the other. I'm like that's not something you just
jump in, you know, that you don't, it either fits you a dozen, man because I know it's a strenuous task in some meticulous ties to, it's not something that's just gonna fly by the seat of your pants. You have to get into it. You really gotta live that stuff, man. I know it's not easy.
That's
that's cool, man. It really is cool. Well, it looks like we have about 25 minutes.
Yeah. Really was cool talking to you, man. I appreciate it.
Oh, These two men stay safe on five,
man,