How you doing?
I am doing good. Make sure I have the, you tried it. Okay, cool.
Hi, my name is matt.
I am from southern California and Ben is the name of my brother. So I appreciate
your name. Mhm
Nice. Yeah. How many have you? How
many of you written through at this point?
my gosh,
that's insane.
I can't imagine I out here in southern California that we get the occasional earthquake here and there, but nothing, nothing like hurricane. That's crazy
more.
Yeah, everyone keeps saying the big ones
coming, but we haven't really gotten a big
one in quite
time. I'm not too,
I'm not too worried. Yeah, we do have fires though. I mean not necessarily like a lot where I am because I'm, you know, Orange County just in California, they're kind of by L. A. L. A. Has a couple of pills that will light up here and there. But besides that a lot of the fires are kind of more up northern California, which is, you know, hours and hours away from us. So
no, it's really not. In fact actually funny there there's like websites dedicated to like where is it burning in California right now, just like constantly
tracking the different fires that are happening in California,
It's pretty crazy.
I
know,
it's insane. So thankfully I don't really like, you know, I don't have family by locations like that, but I'll kind of here friends or friends type of situations where people having to evacuate stuff like that, but for us it's not too bad.
Yeah. Yeah. So what do you guys typically do, like when do you just, I would do like just board up your house, get in your car and drive for? Like what do you,
you know?
gosh.
How do you even, like,
how do you even, like, I'm assuming everyone in that area has some sort of like a hurricane insurance, right? So they leave, no, I don't know how it goes to, people just constantly leave it to lose everything. They have period,
I
know.
Well
that's bizarre. Yeah,
interesting,
Well Ben, how long you been living down there in that area?
I was technically actually born in Kentucky um and then Yep, Yep
My family moved out here when I was like 13 and uh so I don't know like you know your formative years, there's kind of somewhere when you're middle school high school age, so I actually built most of my kind of close your friendships out here, so I kind of consider this my home, but I did spend a good amount of time in Kentucky before moving out here. My dad got like a teaching job here out in southern California. So we moved
Huge dude. I grew up
in a town of about 6000 people to really small. We had, we had one stoplight and one grocery store in the entire town and that's it. So you know, kind of in the middle of nowhere. And then I remember like getting on the plane to move and getting off of the plane and the two things I noticed number one was I walked off the plane and it was hot and I didn't feel it Because like, you know over back it's like humidity is a thing. Like, you know, it could be, it could be 85, you know, up there, but you're, you know, you're sweating, you're completely soaked. But then out here it'll get really hot, you know? Like even today it's like you know, mid 90's but you don't you don't really sweat too much. You don't feel it too much. I mean it'll feel like when it's hot it feels hot but it doesn't feel as heavy as it does, you know? So I remember noticing that and I remember noticing just like how It was just like so much bigger so much faster. Like I walked from this tiny 6000 person town into like the metropolis of Orange County like constantly like everything is everywhere and it was crazy. So I as a kid I liked it because it was it was like just interesting and new and you know, I thought it was cool and I found new friendships and stuff like that. But it was a big difference, big change
realizing most people, most
people when they think of Oc they think so Oc is kind of divided into two sections. Not really but just kind of demographic and kind of how that the county is. There's no Northern Orange County that's more kind of middle class suburbs type like normal. And then there's Southern Orange County where all kind of the money is, there's a lot of rich. You know when you see shows about Orange County usually that it's kind of like Southern Orange County is where where they're depicting so.
It's pretty crazy. Yeah. You got to L. A. Scene where there's a lot of that kind of stuff, a lot of money, you know, Beverly hills, that sort of thing. That's L. A. And also in Orange County, specifically more Southern Orange County. So like by the beach like Newport Beach like Huntington beach, stuff like that kind of more more in those areas. You got a lot of money, a lot of partying going on.
Good, good. It's not it's not too bad, I can't complain too much. It's like um
it's it's really interesting. You get really mixed responses because you have, you have like in California kind of have a mix, you have a mix of people who are super liberal like L. A. Super liberal. Um surprisingly Orange County is more conservative kind of in there. Like I thought you know politics and kind of that they're thinking so you get a mix of some people like each town specifically like specifically they're like screw it like I like I don't care, I'm not wearing a mask, like I'm not whatever, you know that's like I'm here at the beach, don't talk about my life. That's like you know people like that but then you also get you know people that are like out protesting in the streets in L. A. So just it's
kind of it's kind of mixed bag but uh thankfully for me, I am a like I work from home and have been for a long time um And so this doesn't really change for me too much. My my wife had her job transition where she had to work from home for a little bit but then she kind of went back to work which is good. The kids, I have two kids, they like their daycare clothes for a little bit. So I was kind of hard because we were at one point all for you know kids me and my wife were all at the same house trying to both work and deal with you know little kids at the same time. That was pretty stressful, but that was probably only for like a month and a half, two months. And after that take your open back up. Um You know my wife's job, the offices you know open back up so she went back there so things kind of settled down fairly quickly for us. So I know some people have gotten really hit by it but we've we've actually surprisingly grace of God, we've been doing pretty good. So.
Yeah. Yeah sure sure. It's really interesting. It's it's a it's a hard just a hard 1 to 2 pin down because I understand something that like their their moments I can see both sides of the corn and moments I can't you know because it's it's a new thing they're trying to figure out you know how to do this thing for the first time you know trying to deal with a pandemic. They're trying to look at data, but the data is changing and trying to make calls and then, you know, it got political and messy and just, it's tough. It's tough all around.
What,
totally.
Thanks
for last night.
What,
what
are you guys down there? Is it like do people kind of do what they want or is it pretty tight?
Oh,
interesting,
wow. That's weird. Cause I remember, I remember seeing that texas is one of the first states to really push to like completely open back up, you know, no lockdown, nothing like that. So I figured texas would be
more like kind of free spirit and
totally.
it's super bizarre.
Yeah, I can't like All I keep thinking about my head is how one day I'm gonna try and have to explain this to my kids when they're older, you know, like, like 10 years from now, 15 years from now. And they're like, hey dad, remember like, you know, this thing or you know, you were like, what was it like? Like how do you know what to say? It's such a
bizarre
thing.
gosh.
my
gosh,
no
man,
at that point, I think I would move to nowhere in Montana, get a cabin and say, nope, we're living our lives, you know? Okay.
No,
I mean,
yes and no. Like I said, you know, the uh L. A. Is just hopping with, you know, a lot of kind of liberal politics, which is fine. That's that's the prerogative. But so there's definitely some, there's definitely protesting out in there. Nothing is bad. I mean, once again, man in the midst of all this chaos, because there's protesting coronavirus stuff, like There's been so much chaos in 2020 in the United States. So I feel like I really tried to take a pretty heavy step back from trying to kind of track with all of it because once again
it wasn't necessarily touching a lot of us and I don't know like I know I know the good civil thing is to try and engage with the conversations and think it through and figure out. But for me it was just really heavy. It was really hard to kind of wade through to try and figure out what I believed was right and what I believe was wrong. Um it's just really, really tough because I felt like you know, you have voices that are saying the exact opposite thing, presenting data to back up their point of view, I believe. So, so I feel like I just tried to honestly just trying to kind of tune it out. So I know there's writing and stuff out here. I don't think it was nearly as bad as what you're getting kind of closer to what a lot of this was happening. Um I actually have a guy that I work with that was about 30 minutes out from, Gosh, where this all started uh in ST. like kind of kind of that area is about 30 minutes out from where you know, this all went down and um he said it was just chaotic like kind of what you're saying like almost war zone, like you know, places like things on the place is on fire and just like, you know, just a lot of stuff going down. But man, we weren't we weren't anything close to that always where we are here in Orange County, so I kind of just let it slide like let it be what it was.
it's really
hard,
Has it has
ever
gotten
to
the
point
that you
thought
of like uh moving to the country? Really?
That's
fun.
I don't know if I've ever gotten to the point of you know, googling and doing research about it, but I definitely
thought like, okay, I mean it's hard, you know, like my whole family is here like we all kind of were down here in southern California, we're all really close and so so realistically, I don't think I've ever pull the trigger on something like that, but through the chaos, I've been like, man, like what do you do if this really gets drastic so.
totally.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I saw something yesterday where the W. H. O. The World Health Organization was actually condemning the strategy of and I think this was, I think the first time condemning the strategy of lockdown saying, hey lockdowns are actually never intended to be long term. They're really not the best strategy just like, okay, cool. But I mean stuff like that, it's kind of like hopeful signs like okay, so it seems like people are starting to wise up, people are starting to say, hey we can't keep doing this forever, so stuff like that's helpful.
to
back
it. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, it'll be crazy. I'm I'm hoping that things start to and I can't calm down. I really hope things
are
going
to come down.
Put
out 100%. that's crazy. Let me I need to actually ran put my dog in the past two seconds.
So Ben,
do you do any sort
of do any sort of work or anything like that?
nope.
That's cool. That's awesome.
How do programming? So I do the whole sit in front of the scheme screen, type on the keyboard sort of thing? Yeah,
nope,
nope.
exactly. That's really funny. Like I have my home set up here, so I, you know, I have a big wide screen and then a big widescreen underneath it and, you know, nice desk, comfortable chair. And this is all like, this is my setup all before coronavirus. So through all of this, I'm like,
okay, like world's going crazy out there, but I'm doing okay.
no,
so I'm a web developer. So I work, so I work with a company right now. Um
and it, yeah, so basically, you know we have a team of different people who sit down, we write code, we actually build the application. Um And so I specifically do something where I'm writing um like through coding and writing tests that will actually test the program itself. I love it. Like I I totally like geek out over it but I'll sit down and start with a blank, it's like to me it's a super creative process but I'll start with like nothing so a blank file, nothing in it. And then I'll you know kind of sit down crank out this code and what it builds it builds a test that will run automatically on its own to automate it will run and it will go and check our platform. So something like a facebook like just like our website because you know people people use us as a company to do different things, so they'll log in, you know, go to their account, they'll set up page for themselves, they'll kind of tweet different settings, that sort of thing. And so I will through coding, right um a test that will basically do that and pretend to be a user, so it will pull up in a browser, it will log in, it will go to account, it will look at different settings, it's basically just running through all of the different corners of our platform to make sure that nothing is busted. And if it finds something that's broken it will actually like send out a report so that we can see it. Um and so basically it kind of helps to make sure that we're aware at all times of what either currently is broken in our product so we can fix it or um if we write to say, you know someone else's writing code to build something new um this test will kind of run through that and then say, oh wait, if you if you actually implement this, it will break this, this, this, this and this, so you should fix that before you actually try and like push it out. So it's pretty cool, I love what I get to do.
it's honestly
it's supposed to be running continuous continuously. Um but really the main the main times that it kind of runs and does its course is whenever we are, because the thing about like having a product that's kind of based on technology like you know, a website or something like that is it will constantly break at different points all the time, mainly because you constantly are adapting and changing it. You know, customers
need new features or maybe teachers out of dates have to update them. Like this constantly work to be done and so in that work to be done really what's happening is you're changing and evolving it, you're adding code to it, you're rewriting stuff, you're like whatever. And so that process of evolution at every turn, something could break and so every turn, these tests are running to see if something will break or if it won't break, if it's good to go. So yeah, so that's what I want to get to do over here.
It
is,
yeah, super. Honestly, I I love it. It's like it's really funny, you know, some people, I feel like I
feel like you know coding has become a much bigger being a programmer has become much more mainstream. Like a lot of people are kind of caught onto that train. Um but at the same time like I found where it's just clearly like you love it or you hate it, like there's just the two extremes because it's a lot of super technical jargon and super like I mean you have to you have to like hit roadblocks every day and then like that's the point where you like do I like this or doing on because you love it, then you're like cool, like you enjoy the process of getting over the hump and doing research and figuring out why this thing is broken and like you kind of dive into it, but if you hate it, like you're gonna you're gonna get every day your job, so.
No.
Yeah, I like
it, it's it's been a process like I actually never finished school. So I was I was here for I went to school for about four years, met my wife got married, was on kind of a long story short, my dad was a professor where I went to school and so I had a free ride through him because you know, I was a child, a professor. I got in school for free, I didn't realize that kind of some of the bylaws of how that worked was as soon as I got married, I was no longer dependent of his and so that's, I lost my free ride overnight and so I was like in a position where I was kind of, you know, it was a private christian school, like it was kind of not kind of expensive is very expensive and my, my family is not a family with money. So I was in a place where I was like newly married, I need to support my wife and now us and then suddenly like had to figure out how to go back to school and just didn't work. So I'm like, okay, I got I got launch out and try and do this thing without it. So it was really cool. I feel like I didn't have, I didn't know anything about programming until post college, but I found myself in an internship, found myself diving into this thing and really loving it and then kind of through time and effort and teaching myself and you know, like a long road. It's kind of landed me here, so I'm super grateful to be here and I really, really like it.
we did. This is fun then. I appreciate, appreciate the conversation.
good luck out there with all the hurricanes,
totally.
Alright, take music.