wow,
I'm Marie,
I'm all right, how are you?
I'm from Arkansas,
I'm going to school college right now.
Um Theater performance, yeah,
Um I so like when I was in 8th grade, one of my favorite teachers, she started at theatre club and um I convinced my friends to joy we did it and I've always really enjoyed storytelling so I did it the next year and I just, it felt right and I really liked it, so. Yeah.
Mhm,
I like stage.
Um it's mostly online. I there's been a few
times where I've gone in very simple, it's mostly
been online
on stop, luckily for me for I have my acting class next semester, but the people who do have acting, they say it's a little bit difficult because you don't get like, you know, move around as lunch.
Well,
you know, it
seems we have seen some zoom place and that was interesting. It's
not my preferred method but really doing it.
Um I guess it kind of depends on where I am more like what opportunities I see, but I kind of, I guess I kind of like figure out as it gets closer, but I want to, I'm kind of open to whatever, so not just like even though I prefer stage, I'm also open to whatever, whatever other opportunities I can get. So where are you from?
yeah. And yes.
I like baking. Um
I play a little bit of a guitar and piano and I just like music
Um I mean I'm better at guitar because I've been doing it longer, but they're both really
fun.
I mean I've kind of moved around a little bit. Um But I've been in Arkansas longest I've been anywhere, so
I'm, the school I go to is really close
to where I live, so I just commute there since this
What what grade do you teach?
twice the 3rd and 8th grade.
Well my sister is in 8th grade.
You know she's like she's okay with it like
yeah she's doing online,
she had the option to be in person, but she prefers online, she's kind of what's what's the word introverted?
Yeah. Yeah. For her, everything is online.
I think she knows what high school she's going to go to and I think that one is going to be a balance the main person and everything so she has that figured out at least. Mhm.
No I have another one.
she is 14, she's in 9th grade.
I mean like you know we have some off days but we've obviously figured out.
But
Yeah, I have a family who lives in California, so been
Um Most of them, I mean some of them live in northern California. We have a few like down more like your your Disneyland. Yeah.
it's
free.
I promise.
yeah, they had passes, so like for them it wasn't like a big deal, like when we go where they were like, wow, like whatever. Uh huh.
Disney World, there's just more to do. Have you been to Disney World?
yeah, it's pretty fun. Universal Studios
is also really great.
Yeah, I love like the harry potter park in there, it's really nice.
I mean, I feel like there's like there's stuff there for everyone, it's really well done. If he's read the books and he likes them, then that would definitely be fun. But I mean there's it's a, they do a really good job by creating the environment so it's pretty fun even if you haven't read the book.
When I was in middle school, my friend got me to read them when we just like nerd it out over them. Have you seen a very potter musical?
Wow. Well, those are those are fun. It's like a yeah, it's by Star Kid, it's just like really goofy and it's just harry
potter
stuff.
Yeah, you can find on Youtube.
No,
potter musical.
Yeah, I've read all the books and I were like fantastic beasts scripts that have come out so far. So
I mean like I think it's like the first seven movies are like pretty solid. I think they're good at adaptations as a whole. And then like the fantastic based movies. Like I like some things about them, but other times I'm kind of like why do these exist in the
first place? I don't know. Well there's a little sketchy.
I love the costumes. Too awesome.
Yeah.
I really I don't know. I'm kind of thinking the fourth, but I'm not sure. I was thinking about that like earlier this week I was like, which one is my favorite?
I don't know.
I
think everyone
like hate someone because it's just so annoying. Just like harry. Put it, pull it together, wow.
yeah. You should like watch some videos or something like the park is, it's amazing.
they have, they have a ton of really cool things.
Yeah.
It must have been like two or three years ago last
time I went. but like they saw robes and lawns and everything and they have like, they kind of reenact like the Olive Vander things and they like do a little show
when you go in the shop and they have um butter beer ice cream, which
is so good. Yeah.
So
have you, have you read the Tales of Beedle, the Bard?
Yeah, like they have like those little many books, they're really they're really cool because you can get that extra aspect of world building.
wasn't
the
cursed Child? Yeah,
I think they didn't, they just kind of, it definitely felt like a fan fiction that was turned into a play. Yeah.
I was like what,
Who um what else do I like? We'll take a minute. Um I mean like I enjoy makeup I suppose. Um
I like I guess I already said that like music. Um Have you read the King Killer Chronicles? Those are
Killer Chronicles. Those are that's like my favorite series at the moment,
It's kind of like it's it's
very
fantasy adventure like you kind of imagine like T. And D. Button in book about the bard and like it's just kind of like a classic sort of adventure story where you have this very intelligent brave main character. So you have this um Uh huh.
And he he grows up with this acting troupe and he goes to this university, it's kind of like following him on his journey and it's
I don't know if you enjoy like fantasy and inventions
keep
on
so far. There's two I think that I think the third one came out but he was he's not working on the third one for forever, like it takes him so long. So if he has to come off the third one that I wouldn't
be surprised if they fax it.
Yeah. I hate having to wait for the books.
Well, what kind of hobbies do you have?
My games.
I islands,
Yeah. Since floor. I I haven't played in a while though, but like, you know, that's that's kind of like been my game. It just makes me really mad though how they've been treating it lately with all the extra content. But
Did you did you start with the Sims 3?
Yeah. I hope it's better than
I just I'm so frustrated with them because they made the sims for the Star Wars pack and nobody asked for that. No one at all.
like the last few packs, like everyone's been like, okay, we've been asking for these things and then, you know, like they give us something else. I'm like, okay, we're kind of annoying. But then like, but I was able to tolerate it. But then Star Wars, I was like, no, I'm done. I'm done.
I don't know. I haven't seen any trailers or any news about it.
So did my thing sometimes is like, oh,
it's gonna let me go back on sometimes. It's weird. Mhm.
That really is the same. Uh huh.
Mm
hmm. Okay.
Mm
I'm gonna go try that.
Do we worked? Oh,
all right.
would like,
I guess more customization. I just feel like they've been kind of low on that.
color wheels not being there. It's been kind of annoying guys with colour rials. Oh
yeah, I want farms. I think farms would be nice.
We
need value. Yeah.
Have you heard of paralyzed?
So it's a game that's coming out, It's in development right now, but it's gonna be a competitor for the sims and like they released some trailers so far and it lets you have so much more customization and everything. So I would, I'm, I'm excited for that to come out because I don't think like that sometimes it really had a competitor, but now they get one, you know,
we'll have to,
um, there's not really a release date yet, but if you, if you look it up, they have, yeah,
information about it and some trailers and
yeah, it's, you know, it's another like world
simulation, like
life game.
Para lives.
Um
I like house flipper.
Yeah. Um Yeah one's fun. I've also I've played a little bit of sims three and sims too so like I kind of have an idea of like what we're missing out on. Okay.
Uh huh.
Yeah. They really like the sims. They only play sums for though. I've tried to get them to branch out because you know some story seems to they have like their distinct flavors but they don't want to.
The only thing with that one, like I love being able to terra form that's so fun. But it's such a hard game to run on the computer. Just gets so slow.
What other games do you
play?
I
tried the
mobile version. I didn't really like
it. I deleted it. I was like that.
like I used to have like home design and like there's like this bakery game but I I don't play this anymore.
like a lot of them you have to wait and I was kind of like okay.
I'm a freshman.
I think it's really cool. I've been like seeing everyone like have a push to vote, so that's that's kind of nice. Yeah.
Me
um I think I have to go, I looked it up because I was gonna just mail it in but it looks like I have to be in person. Mhm.
Yeah. My second term never matches like
it has
like kind of starts off the same, but like sometimes like I'll forget what letter and while I'm just like it's okay, like just
kinda like they won't know.
I
hate
when they have you sign your name with your finger or something because it never looks
What
why
won't they let you see it? Like how
are you
supposed to decide?
D. M. V. S. Always the worst.
I think so. Yeah.
It's not like the vertical.
Air.
Yeah. You can use it to find stuff. It works it works out I guess. You know
um I need to like catch up on some work and I was like hoping to talk to my friends or something because I miss I miss seeing people.
Peak
of conversation. Mhm.
Um We have discord and we
use that so it's but that's pretty nice. You know we have like a nice mix of texting and sometimes we're on like voice chat. But
yeah like before like senior year I was like super active and like going
like all these places and he all the
time. So now it's like
what?
Um No, I have one friend who goes the same college, but a lot of them they're going to school in the state, so if they drive back for a holiday or something that I can, I can see them.
Will
be
um I have a timer, I think, yeah, I think after one more minute we'll hit that because I had to leave and come back. So yeah, I think we're almost
there.
Mm
I mean Professor Mcgonagall,
she's a classic,
she's
Mhm.
Ooh. Umbridge um Bridge.
Mm hmm.
Are
Um yeah, I think we're good,
It was nice talking
to you too