Hi,
good, how are you doing?
Uh Nothing much. Nice to meet you. I'm William by the way,
nice to meet you, Kelsey. Where are you located?
Oh where, where in new york? Used to live? In upstate new york.
Uh A little bit outside Rochester, in a place called Greece new york. It's like right on Lake Ontario.
Okay, you're on like the eastern side of the state. I got you.
Oh yeah, we we live like right off Lake Ontario for a while, so
it was,
I live like a little north of Pittsburgh western pennsylvania.
Uh I go to university at a small state school called Clearing University. Real real small, so it's like 4000 people. It's even less right now because no one's up here for due to the pandemic. So
Oh, what school do you go to?
Oh, Mercy R. S. What to say? I was like, you get Mercy Edinburgh. Yeah, because there's a few up there.
I hope.
would you study at Mercyhurst?
That's what do you do with that? I don't I don't even think I've even heard of that before.
Wait.
Oh what like what kind of like music are you like a music teacher? You like do you like lessons or?
that's really really cool. I didn't know, I don't know too much about that stuff, so That's
Yeah. Have you guys been hampered because all this though, like not like getting a little slower or anything
like that?
Yeah, I was a little disappointed at a lot of concerts lined up, starting in like april through august and everything's just been cancelled so I haven't seen anything, I had to get refunds on all my tickets and
everything
because I'm waiting to see when stuff comes back and
it's
been a little disappointing.
Um So my favorite band of all time, it's uh they're called Me Without You. I don't know if you've
ever heard of them,
You know Me Without you?
I
wanted to go,
I wanted to go see him on this farewell tour because they said they were going to play all through 2020. And then, I mean, I'm glad they at least pushed it back
year. So. But yeah, it was really disappointing. Um but I was really pumped to go see them live because I haven't seen them uh since their last album, entitled came out. So because I didn't get to see them when they toured it, I was really busy with school and work and everything, so I was like, oh, I'll get to see him on the farewell tour at least. So that was like the big one that may be really, really upset. Um
Yeah, that's awesome. I didn't I'm honest to God, you're the first me without you fan, I think I've ever found
or talk to. Yeah, I've never really
spoken to people who have any idea who the band is and I'm
really into them.
They
were in Allentown. Okay.
Yeah, we're I'm waiting for them to come back to Pittsburgh because that's, you know, I mean they're from P. A. They're going to come back anyway, but yeah,
so we're I'm really, really pumped to see them live again. Um Yeah, that's awesome, wow, small small world right there
with me without you. Yeah, I I dropped that name, band, and people are like uh what do they sound like? And then I'm like, oh, they really don't sound like anyone.
It's
very,
no, do you Really nice. No, that's awesome. I need to get some I need to get some new merch from them and everything. So I
was gonna
get stuff on this tour but
I was gonna go see um it's another filly band. But I grew up like a big pop punk kid when I was younger and I kind of grew with him the Wonder Years. Yeah.
I was going to see them in spanish love songs because I really love the album they released this year and I've been listening to them since malts and uh of course I got cancelled but I've seen the Wonder Years like seven times now, so it's uh it's kind of cool. I have um So like our campus every year does like a campus fest. You know, they bring out bands and stuff. Well our campus fest was the same time as a small school in Eastern P. A. Called Millersville University. There were both state schools and it was third eye blind in the wonder years, playing for their campus fest. And our campus fest was like to no name lake rappers and I was like, I'm going to drive across the state to go see this. And uh dan Campbell, the lead singer at at the end of the show, gave me his guitar pick from one of the one of their guitar picks and I still have it, so it's pretty cool,
experience to have. Yeah. What were you planning to go and see him before all this? It,
Oh, that's so cool.
yeah, I've heard of him, yeah, I have a friend who was really big into him.
Yeah,
it's been it's been a great time. Have you ever heard of the band called Typhoon?
Like very, very indie rock there from like Oregon. I got to see them the first time they've ever played in Pittsburgh as a band.
Yeah, they're called typhoon, it's like uh originally was like a 13 piece ensemble band. Now, it's like nine people, but still a pretty big supporting cast of people. Um It's my little sister's favorite band, so I got to go see them in Pittsburgh though, and it was really, really cool. We went to this little place called Mr Smalls and Bill Bill pennsylvania. I've been to a lot of
concerts.
Yeah, I mean every time I tell someone they're always like, oh we're going to um you know, like stage 80 or something, and if you mentioned Mr Smalls, like a lot of other people's heads pick up, because everybody in Western p has been to Mr Smalls if you're a concert goers at some point. So it was their first time playing out there and that was a really cool experience, because the band, there's something like 100 people at this show, it was really it's the smallest show I've ever been to, and they have met with everybody afterward, they took pictures, signed autographs for anybody that wanted anything. It was it was probably one of the coolest like experiences I think I've had with a band
two,
No. Where is that?
The smoke?
We have the rex Theatre which is closing
down
in Pittsburgh.
I know the
rex is closing down, I don't I haven't heard me anything about the smiling moose though.
that's
That sounds so cool. How long did you like tour with your band and stuff or did you do that while going to school, or was it more like a
wow, that's
quite a long time,
Oh really? I didn't
know. Yeah.
wow, that's
awful. I didn't realize
like it's sad.
that's
if you don't mind, is that like was that more towards you know female acts? Like just the sexism or did you hear about them doing it to like a lot of like maybe all male bands on the scene like doing something like that?
Yeah, that's I had no idea, I mean I've never played in a band, I can play like five cords of my guitar and that's about it, so um yeah that's uh that's insane, I'm so sorry that happened to you with how they were treating you.
What's
A N R
let's survive. I've definitely gone from a lot of their from their shows and the way they put out their music and everything because it's it's such a niche genre. It's like they never purposely to change their sound or anything like that, Which definitely makes me sad with a lot of bands that over time after maybe like two or 3 albums they signed with some big record deal. And then the next few albums are just to me like they just sound like complete shit. That's like the authenticity of what they actually started with just went out the door.
Yeah, that was actually a band. I was thinking of what I was saying. That
comment
because
because because um I think their last good album was what Life's not out to get you like that's what I considered like a really good like pop punk album. I
used to
jam to it, I have the cd in my car still when I bought it. And uh these I guess last two albums they've had, I just I've listened to him like now this is this is garbage now and so I I don't listen to any other new stuff.
they put
up
Yeah, they just put out some new one and I'd even listen to it, but I would just like rating reviews and stuff and people are like don't people were just like don't bother to skip that, it's not worth it.
Yeah, it's it's real sad how bands do that. I mean one of my favorite bands of all time, but I mean they're gone and then some people get offended if you say you still like them, but brand new, I mean uh just every album is completely different, like they didn't listen to anybody and I've always appreciated that. That's how they did it with their music. Um I like Manchester Orchestra a lot, but I like the earlier stuff a lot more. I felt like they're going a little more mainstream than what I was intending. But their album, me and everything to Nothing is probably one of my favorite albums of all time, so
Yeah, they're they're great. I I do love everything they put out. I just like the earlier stuff a lot more. But
that's
awesome. I uh mm That's so cool that you do all that stuff. I mean, can I ask what your band was? Or
do you
guys
have like spotted?
Are you
guys like,
oh, like, like a helmet? All right,
let me
take
is this you with the black hair and the Oh
wait, you
probably
can't see that.
That's you awesome. That's so cool. That's so cool after
check
this out.
Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. To check that out then always like new music or stuff that I haven't heard from before. I just uh the other day I like I was on Discord with a few of our buddies from Australia and someone's like have you ever heard of the Middle East? And I was like no who are they? And it's like Super Indie. It was from like early 2010 11. And they had some they had some songs that are like it like made me feel emotional listening to them.
Yeah it's the Middle East and the song is called blood. It's one a it's such a sad but like good song how they did it. I don't know
but
they're no longer abandon anymore. But they used to be really big in Australia and they were just talking to us about it,
nightmares now.
Oh yeah. Sit long, long time ago.
Night
care of You.
Yeah. I can
look
that
one up
to um you've heard of the Hotel Year?
Uh It's Hohhot L E R. It sounds you say it like the hotel Year but they like rebranded as the Hotel Year. Um They have like two Fantastic, it's more of like an email rock,
but it's um the one album like No Home, like No Place there is was I think like 2013 or 14 and that's great and then they did their album Goodness, which don't show the album cover ever in front of like your grandmother or something because it's just a bunch of naked uh elderly people. But that that albums like fantastic front to back, it's very nice.
That's
I think
I've heard of the name
surprisingly
I feel like my discover weekly when I do listen to it is either complete hit or it's like way off, way off course of what I'm looking for.
So I mean sometimes their album algorithm works out pretty well. But yeah, I mean I love I've had my Spotify since I was like 18 years old, I absolutely love it. So it's such a, such a great app to have. But
I'm currently finishing up my bachelor's in Biology at here at Clarion University, so I'm just about done. Um I want to go into research
so I'm really big and to like microbiology and immunology. So I want to go to grad school and then get into either like vaccine research, that's like a big thing that I'd like to do. So look, I've been applying to jobs because I'm done with school in like five weeks, and I'm sort of like coasting right now here at the end of the semester because I'm just completely tired of it. Um and I'm like right here at the end, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel and everything, so it's kind of nice, but I've just been applying to jobs in Pittsburgh, primarily, there's a big research. Uh University of Pittsburgh is one of the biggest uh universities for research in the United States. They get a lot of grant funding. So I have a couple of friends who work down there and research labs and they really like it. Um Yeah, it's not like incredible paying or anything like that. Like, I have friends who totally calm up in Erie who met school now and stuff and I know that they're going to do well, but I like I like this. I like the research a lot more.
The
maybe
work
in health
care.
so I did I did research for two years here. Um Covid kind of messed up the last little bit here, which was which was fine because I got a lot of experience out of what I did. And then I've been in the army now for eight years. I'm a sergeant. Yeah, so actually drilled this weekend, so, and I draw out near Pittsburgh, so that's been it's been fun. I joined right out of high school and everything, so it's been good. Yeah.
Yeah. Other than that, um I've been pretty much quarantined through a lot of this. I mean, I kind of broke, we went to like a wedding and stuff, but here in p A cases of just skyrocketed, we just had our highest daily count today. So I have friends who are testing positive left and right now. And I'm like, all right, I guess I'm back into the apartment for a little bit.
Yeah, we were we were, I remember back in um it was like mid february, late february. We were at uh we were just at the bar just drinking and stuff and we were talking about the whole covid stuff and I went, dude, as soon as it like starts popping off here in the U. S. Like they're gonna freak out, like we're going to go into lockdown or something. And then it was, it was literally like three weeks later that we got the email from the school, they're like everything's online now. And I freaked out because I was like, well I have classes with labs and everything. I was like, I'm not gonna learn anything now, which I didn't like, none of the professors knew what to do with the lab components and stuff. So it was, it was a really rough transition the first week, as soon as they announced it that school was online, we were only like halfway through the semester, the first week, everybody just drank and was having fun and just took it as like a big party vacation. And then uh, when everyone realized that we weren't going to learn pretty much anything, I got bored really quickly and it was rough. So yeah, it's been rough, but yeah, I'm done. And Uh, four weeks now. four or five weeks. Yeah, this is almost four weeks now at the end of this week, so that
it's exciting. Yeah,
thank you.
Yeah, mess it up for a lot of people. We we had friends who were our schools like big for people in speech pathology. I don't know if you know what that Yeah, so a lot of our friends were like in their external ships and whatnot. And they they suddenly weren't allowed to go to the clinic to complete their hours for their external ship, which is to get them certified since they had just finished their masters. So they had to wait like 34 months to get let back in. And then we had friends who were supposed to finish like in May and then they didn't finish until like october here because they had to wait. And so it was like a very stressful time for them,
Oh yeah, like they were right there at the end and then all that got announced and we were checking up with them like every week. And Finally it was like end of August they said they were really planning to have them finished on the full and then uh they came back and they're like all right, I need like 60 hours in the next Like four or 5 weeks to get done with this external ship. And they just like The one girl did like an 80 hour work week because that's
all she needed. She was just there all day long for five days, 16
hours just to try and hurry up and finish in case something happened again. But yeah. Yeah, it was it was crazy.
Yeah. Same for you guys up in new york.
Yeah. I mean they just they announced that uh bio in tech vaccines should be good to go by the end of december. So we're gonna hopefully look like we're gonna have a normal summer next year. Which
I will be very happy because
I did not have much of a summer this year.
Yeah, I need I need everything to come back now. I pretty much everybody's life got put on hold for a year.
So yeah, my little sisters were all upset because they're in high school still so and they just went back to remote last week because they have too many cases popping up in the school now so I feel bad for them to
good.
Well
Yeah, we did. That was awesome. Have you done one? I've done like one of these before.
wow, nice.
Yeah, I talked
to someone
in
florida
once.
But
Yeah, that was super cool. Like the whole me without you think just got me really, really excited. So.
Yeah. Well hey, you have a great night. Okay.