that will be Mhm. Yeah. Okay. It's going to okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Here yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. This weekend. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Hey how are you?
Good. Yeah. What's going on?
Nice to meet you. My name is Kelsey mm
I'm in new york.
Oh really? Um What part?
Okay you're a little bit farther up that I am actually way farther up. About an hour and a half outside of New york city.
Yeah I call it upstate new york but then like real upstate new Yorkers are like that's not upstate new york.
That's
Where are you located now?
Okay. Cool. You go to school there?
I went to I went to school in pennsylvania to actually
I went in Erie pennsylvania. I went to Mercyhurst.
Yeah I went to Mercyhurst and moved back to new york like two years ago
I think. So
forensic anthropology.
Yeah it's it's like the study
of dead bodies pretty much. Um I never used it and I ended up pretty much dropping on my last year and going back to school for music and that's that's what I do now. So
so I I'm in um well I was in a band for like many years I sang in a band and then when I ended up going back to school I went for music business and now I work for a music production company and we do a lot of like sync licensing and we make music for television and film and and stuff like that. So
it's it is it's a it's a lot of fun and very cool and it's definitely a passion of mine so I'm glad that I went with that rather than uh you know, all the other stuff. So.
Big
time. Big time. Yeah, Yeah, it really took a hit on, on us and on the company, we've had to find different ways of um kind of coping with the whole thing, whether it's uh making deals with our clients or taking like a separate route in the company um and just dealing with our clients in different ways because it definitely a lot of our clients budgets actually took a big hit, which in turn makes our budget take a big hit. So um yeah, it definitely has been rough. It's still rough actually, like the beginning of the pandemic really hit us hard, but even now, like, even coming out of it, it's still pretty rough. Mhm.
I
know
me
too.
Who were you going to see?
No
way.
Of course. They're one of my favorite bands ever on their
final
tour. Right,
me too.
I was really bummed when they announced that, but I feel like I mean they've been working so hard for whatever the last 20 years so but I'm really glad they pushed it back because I would have been really bummed if they were like, we're just gonna like not do anything for our our farewell, so I'm glad I I didn't want to miss it so
Big Time.
huh
my gosh. Yeah,
I've seen them play because they went on Para Hoy actually where they did the cruise with Paramore and so I've seen them play on all those cruises that they did, but I also saw them play I think it was in Allentown Um
Pennsylvania
at one point um years and years ago. And my God they put on such a good show.
Course.
definitely.
No not at
all. It's really
hard to describe them. Yeah it's funny I have some of their art on my walls in my apartment and everything.
they're
built.
I know, who else are you gonna go see?
Yeah.
That is it's
Oh gosh. Um Well Hayley Williams the leasing repair where she um put out her own record so she was gonna tour on her record. I had like tickets to see her in boston pennsylvania new york. Like I was just going to follow the route for like the four dates of her tour. Um
All of that got cancelled you know um who else I had tickets to go see? Um N. F. He's a rapper.
he is he like blew up last year from one of his songs, but he put out a new record and it's just so incredible and I just I felt like I had to see him before he started like selling out Madison Square Garden, so um
yeah, so I got a ticket to go see him and of course done for and everything just had to get refunded and yeah,
no,
I got a note that Typhoon
Love
Mr loss
That's awesome. Yeah,
intimate shows are so cool, I love those and Mr smalls is such a great venue to have you been to? Um Oh my gosh, I can't think of where it is that it might be in Philly, I can't think of it, but the smiling moose
No, it's definitely in Pittsburgh, it might be right next
to,
it's,
it's
right next to the wrecks. The smiling
moose.
Yeah, it's like an upstairs venue and it's, it's really intimate, but it's, it's a great place. It's really
fun. Um, I saw Ice Nine kills there a couple of times. I mean, I've, I played there, that's the only reason I know it. But um, I seeing Ice Nine kills play there and, and going to shows there, it's so intimate and just so fun to, to hang out. So,
yeah, yeah, I did. Um, I dropped out of school to tour with the band, so I wasn't really going to school while doing it. Uh, it was more of like a career choice that we were gonna do the band and then no one was going to go to school and we were going to do it as a career. So we toured for about three years.
And
yeah, it was fun. We did like most of the East Coast and Central and, and all of that, and played with some pretty big names and um, it was, it was a lot of fun. Yeah, and then, you know, I decided I wanted to go back to school and do it for music and then, um, be a real person and get a real person job. Not that a musician isn't a real person job, but it just wasn't paying the bills, unfortunately, and it's a very hard market to get into, to break into. And it's very uh, like, demeaning, like, people will say whatever to you at whatever time and if you don't look a certain way and you don't act a certain way, people are not nice.
So,
it's it's almost scary. Um you know what, what it's turned into? Um So the, like I almost think about like the punk rock scene a little bit and how like Nirvana for example, their music uh was so transformative in the way that they just didn't care and they just played what they wanted to play. But um these days you have like we went to get we played a couple of shows to get signed For a few pretty big labels and they had no problem, you know, walking up to me and being like if you lose £20 will sign you.
So
it's
it's pretty brutal in the world
of yeah, in the world of that realm. So um At the time I was like hell yeah, I'll lose £20 if you sign me. But um looking back on it now, it's very like uh why would I put myself through that just for Okay,
I never heard of it being, yeah, so aggressive towards all male acts. Um, what they would say or what I heard from friends or like if friends were auditioning to um, what I heard was they would tell them, like if you cut your hair, we'll sign you, but nothing about, like, their weight or their looks. I did have a couple, um, a couple of people that I knew there were some weight comments. It was mostly appearance that they all judged you on. Um, your music did it did matter whether you had the music behind you, but it mostly mattered. Um, if you had the money to back it up. So like if you had, um, the biggest named producer behind you or behind your single or whatever, and then you had the facebook likes behind you. So if you had the money to back up your sound, whether you're sound was just okay or whether you're sound was like phenomenal. And then if you had the looks to back it up to regardless of whether you were a female or male.
oh, it's in the past and it's really not. Um, it has, it gives you like, a new perspective, especially being in the music scene, of how you treat people because, um, like I do A and r most of the days and working
with artists.
Oh, I'm sorry. Um, it's like when you're recruiting artists to work with you, so I do that most days and it kind of flipped a switch in my head of like how I treat other people. Like, I would never say what they said to me to other people because it's just not how you treat someone. So, um, if I just didn't think that someone had the talent, I would just tell them that it's not time to work with them. I would never tell them like you know go cut your hair and we'll work with you in two months type of thing. Um So yeah it's pretty brutal but it makes you like like me without you it makes you love them so much more because they're so authentic and just don't care. I love that.
Yeah. You have a band neck deep.
No
way
because Me too.
Thank
you.
Me too. I feel the same exact way and I don't know if it's because like their label got into their head or what but like that first E. P. That they put out with um part of me on it. It's not even that song but like that E. P. Was so good and then they just like built on that with um What was it? Wishful thinking I think I don't know but life's not out to get you was so good. And then they put out that one album
and I
was like Not feeling it and then they put out this new one.
it's not worth it. Yeah it's too uh it's a little too mainstream. Yeah
I never really listened to them that I feel like there's a couple of bands that I need to really sit down and have a listen to. Their one of them one of them.
I'll keep that
money.
Of
course
of course
the band's
name
the band's name was Kevlar.
Um
If
you look it up on Spotify you'll find a lot of rappers. But um you know. Yeah that's what it was. It was a couple years ago.
I can't
see
it. Put it
that's it.
That's
it.
Yeah it was hard rock. Um I scream and sing and um yeah I mean it was a good time while it lasted.
well I got a note that one too.
I can't
wait
awesome. I'm gonna listen to that one too. Um My partner really likes this band called Nightmare Review
and there another one that's like um not mainstream at all and they're broken up too. But they have some some bangers and they're different. They're they're not something that you would hear now. I think I think they're last Record was 2012.
Yeah. So um it's more like it's kind of like punk rock, alternative rock. But yeah
maybe
Check that one out.
You
might
like that
one
the hotel year. No balances.
Love that.
I'll tell really listen, I love you
music, I've been using Spotify Eyes discover weekly lately and it's been giving me some good recommendations. I got what uh I don't know whether they're banned or not, I don't know because I just got it yesterday, but it's Michael Sarah Palin is the
artist,
Yeah, that's the artist's
name. Um I think it's a play on like Sarah Palin and Michael Sarah I don't know but and one of their songs came up in the Discovery Weekly and it's a bob mhm So yeah, it's very like uh emo rock, so
Yeah, I feel like that too.
well enough about me, what's going on to your life,
Of course.
Yeah, I mean
that's
all
that matters,
is
that you like what you do? Right, so
well that's awesome.
I know it's terrible new york is doing the same thing pretty much. Mhm
Congratulations.
Even
though Covid messed it all up, that's still awesome.
Yeah I can't imagine not being able to finish up, especially when you're that close.
my
Oh my gosh
Yeah well I hope things get better. I mean
yeah I mean we're hoping this whole thing well pass and I'm sure it will but you know it'll just take time,
hopefully
hopefully.
Yes me either. Oh my gosh,
Yeah. Yeah it's crazy.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Mhm.
Well
we did it.
Yeah I've done a couple actually, yeah
they're
they're
they're
pretty
fun
and they're pretty easy, so um well
it was great talking to you. That was so cool to meet you and to talk about fans and and all of that. It was really awesome.
pumped.
Thank you. You too.