SPEAKER_R: are you passively really to?
SPEAKER_L: Eloped script.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Chris are you my 9:00, is that correct?
SPEAKER_L: Wait, well I'm the 8:00. AM. Central.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. eight a.m. Central. Yeah. Perfect. So five minutes from now. All right, let's just go ahead and do it then. So We're gonna talk for 25 minutes I believe. It's just,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so that would be um 25 20 after your time.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Course you said your name is chris where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in austin texas.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. I've never been to texas but I've always really wanted to go.
SPEAKER_L: The best time to visit texas is from october through May. They have two seasons here hot and not so hot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like florida I'm guessing in that regard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You cut the grass in the winter if we have a lot. Um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: And you've got the same thunderstorms, we're far enough, we're close enough to the gulf that we will get the effects of the hurricanes. Usually it's just massive rain, really intense flash floods. Um We're talking like quicks going up four or 5 ft in an hour
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: then going down by the next day. So it's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I live in Lexington Kentucky so I'm, you know, midway up the country, it's very nice temperate here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it freezes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm from Maine originally, so I moved from Maine to Kentucky three years ago. So in Maine are winners are awful consistently single digit temperatures. Lots of lots of freezing. Like it's like to the point that pipes freeze and burst, it's an issue during the winter, so Kentucky is magical in that regard.
SPEAKER_L: I grew up in upstate new york And I escaped in the 80s and it wasn't as intense usually as main, but it could get a weather system from Canada that would push everything down. It wail below Even even as low as 30°.. Um Yeah, it was intense and I left New York primarily for whether also for some cultural issues in the early 80s when I found about Texas um Austin particular and but I visited Austin in the winter around january and it was like october, I thought I could live in this place. Then I moved in august in my car, didn't have a seat
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: And it was
SPEAKER_R: him.
SPEAKER_L: even in my 20s, it was really tough. Um but I uh eventually adapted and
SPEAKER_R: Most of my family were from all over Maine originally, most of them have moved to florida so they're all in the same boat, you know, certainly hot summers but very nice temperate winters when
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I call the summers the indoor season.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Kentucky's nights in the spread like it only gets out, you know, maybe maybe in the 30s and the coldest day of the winter, which is perfectly fine for me because I'm from Maine and then this summer that will hit 90s pretty regularly. But sorry? No.
SPEAKER_L: that's right. Um you're probably close enough that you still get some of the influence of the gulf of Mexico, the moisture it can really affect the humidity. Hundreds
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, our humidity
SPEAKER_L: and uh
SPEAKER_R: can be asked you
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Um and so I'm I want you call semi retired. I had worked at, my last job was at Apple Care. I worked for Apple doing tech support And I did that for almost 20 years, Something
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: like 60,000 plus calls. And yeah I just, it got to the point where I just didn't want to do it anymore. I
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: know, I, I found.
SPEAKER_L: oh I didn't mostly I would do, I mostly did desktop applications and operating systems and wife and network troubleshooting and printing troubleshooting and um some of their applications and if an iphone had an interaction with those applications then I would get involved in. But one of the things about Apple is that don't really give you a lot of training on the products they treat train you more how to handle customer and uh oh that's what they try and then you just, you wing it on the call. You actually try in real time to simulate the customer situation if it's new to you, if it's really knew that you have to put them on hold and go to a like a little lab and try to reconfigure their scenario and see if you can figure out if they're just missing something or if there's a better actual issue. So, but I uh there's Austin has the second highest population of Apple employees globally and they've been here in Austin since the early Mid 80s, I guess. They initially tried to move in um or get established and in a very conservative county north of boston called Williamson, it's like night and day once you go across the border or can in line and they, those individuals that were voting on the infrastructure improvements, we're not keen to the lifestyles that Apple fostered and and they didn't improve anything. So Apple just moved into Austin and, and has stayed here And say there's probably eight or 9000 apple employees here in Austin. Austin
SPEAKER_R: Well the killer for
SPEAKER_L: globally. There's probably 80 or 90,000 and that's employees and then they have what they call contractors and that's like another 100,000 mostly for calls and support. So
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. Yeah, I used to use an iphone, I'm I'm now I use Windows pcs uh and I'm now on android for my phone. I have a google pixel, but you know, I called obviously good product.
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm probably migrating off of Apple. It's been about five years since I've really, I bought anything new and I want to get back into a line of work that I did called solids modeling. I used to do engineering work And my last project was on the supercollider here in Texas that got shut down in the early 80's and the caliber of those applications what I'd like to do, but they were the machines for a long time we're like, it would take up, it was the equivalent of a year's salary or earnings to just by the physical computer in this operating system to run the program. Now, I can get a Dell laptop that's configured to be a workstation and it's about 1/10 cost, even though it's yeah, even though it's still several $1000 it's 1/10 the cost. So I'm probably gonna migrate back into Windows just leased for that. Um And uh though there are people here in Austin that were on the internet that have figured out how to install Mac OS X on Windows since it's the intel based platform, it can do that.
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. What?
SPEAKER_L: there were some there was a period for instance, when there was another Mac clone here called Power Computing and it was um it's contracting manufacturer was the same as Dell's. And for a while they had a chassis compatible computer. And you could put, well You had a mac that had the same chassis as as a del, but this is like 15
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: years ago
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and they could so the boards are the same and the the rest of the harbour system is the same. So people could install mac OS X. The old version on that. You would see a Dell computer running mac OS X. S first time I saw that and they quickly changed and so you couldn't do that. And uh Apple is Apple is what you call very proprietary and they call it open there. They want they run that whole show themselves and they were really adamant about drilling that into the support employees. Probably all the employees. You only talk through official channels and you don't make any conjecture.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't used, yeah. Windows mostly because the game, you know, I play video games a lot and yeah. So Apple,
SPEAKER_L: I was looking
SPEAKER_R: you can, but Windows
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Apple is
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: not good at that. I haven't been looking at a Dell Alienware system. But it's a the thing with Cats systems is that they are designed to work with particular um um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hardware families, chip sets and such because that's the software is optimized for because it's submit they have some pretty intense processing requirements so everything is optimized and and I only where I started looking at them but they there were some nice features like being able to track eyes which is something that maybe good for an education and application message. But but I wasn't really a gamer. I mean I grew up in the area just before um games were moving from calculators too old to X. T. S. Or eight bit computers. So they were very monochrome or 16 color graphics. And by then I was doing computer aided design as a profession and I just didn't interact with those that hardware anymore. So you know, they had in the early days in the 80's we have to do all our work on mainframes is that could run it now, you can do it on your, your handhelds.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I play, I do play on my phone to its killer even thinking about 20 years ago. You know, you're obviously you're older and you've been around longer than I have, but like Just the progression over 20 years and smartphones. Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's um, nowadays, I think the experience is probably going to be fairly similar because we're internet phase when it's exponential, so the amount of growth is unchanged and the capacity is
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so occurs so fast that even if your your recent six months ago, you can easily find yourself uh dealing with new features and characteristics that you're not even familiar with. And that's one of the characteristics of uh, of dealing with change. And I am when I was an Apple,
SPEAKER_R: I think that.
SPEAKER_L: The product would change every four months or some major significance just when you just when you figure it out, all the the typical calls, all the issues that drive reasons for people to call and then, you know, them they change the product and then you started all over again and I did that for a couple of decades. And uh so I um I had to leave Apple because my asperger's was no longer conducive to doing sports, like the way it was, I can put up, I'm relatively insensitive to a lot of emotional inflections, meaning it's like just dealing with what's the problem, okay ma'am, what's the problem picture, and then and I get to the end, but I don't recognize except for
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: emote distraught situations that there's a problem emotionally and for a lot of people, if you fix their problem that made them distraught, they were okay, they liked it, but Apple changed their style when I was there too, you have to be their friend in two minutes or less. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't NBA call center employees, I did it very, very briefly back Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: 15 years ago and it definitely isn't for me.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh yeah, well I had to do it because I had to work my way out of bankruptcy, I went through uh early internet bankruptcies around in the odds. Um So now I've I've created a retirement insulation and I've actually been pursuing entrepreneurial of activity here in Austin, not for anything that I have but because there's just so much activity, entrepreneurism is a startup, there's almost like a
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: startup
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: fever here in Austin, I don't, and they the city foster said the state of texas is kind of like a love hate relationship with with
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: Austin and the University of texas. They um Austin makes laws that like a plastic bag ban or no driller. No um um tracking then next time there's every two years the
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: state legislature can um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: convenes and if they don't like the law,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: they make a global
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: one or statewide one that invalidates all all the efforts of states and they have to figure out something else. So they recently they band uh local regulation of of uh TNC. That's the ubers and lifts and such. That's very popular here at least. It was until covid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Austin is pretty liberal, right? Austin is fairly blue in texas is fairly red overall.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they call it the blueberry in the pie. And yeah it and um so the governor is all the time just seeing all this activity around them. This was a long time ago. But um when George Bush was the governor,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I would go there is a library almost across the street. Uh And I would go there for internet access and and I also did inter library loan and I'd come out in the evenings or late afternoons and I would always see protests outside the governor's mansion. Now that would be on the other side of the street. But they all the time. I mean um I think what happens in state texas bought the other pieces of property so they can't get out anymore. Maybe the county, there's anyhow it doesn't happen now with our with our current um with their last two governors Abbott and I can't remember the other guy rick. And so that was very interesting to see that there was and before that there was no activity. So Bush really and uh invigorated a lot of people and there's enough liberal people in Austin that probably could always get a crowd.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was curious to the governor of texas is uh I've always known it to be bushes, but of course I've never lived there. So what I wouldn't what would I know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know the governor of Kentucky. I understand it's um there's a there's a lot that you learn by being in the place.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, Kentucky, we actually just got uh Andy the shooter was voted in. He's a legacy here as well. But
SPEAKER_L: That yeah.
SPEAKER_R: previous Kentucky governor, Matt Bevin's was just like a completely corrupt fool. Uh he tried to he tried to drain the teacher pension fund uh in his last year in office and that was the nail in the coffin for him.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Did they run them out or just not elect them?
SPEAKER_R: He was just he wasn't re elected, but Kentucky has voted red for the governor for 30 years, something like that. Andy Beshear is a is a Democrat, so they voted and it was like not even close, it was like 70, 30. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: there's a certain degree of average that goes with republicans and uh we see it it's I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: don't I don't can't profess that I understand the method of the thinking very well. I read a book about how conservatives and liberals think differently and what they rely on. But I don't understand it did not cover this general average. The liberals can be corrupt too. We've we see plenty of that. So maybe it's just something with being in a place of power and you can accept um and you can you can do in flight so um it may not just be a particular party. Um Just maybe opportunity. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So what are you what's your collection back their star Wars?
SPEAKER_R: so this is all all like most of it is Star Wars, um there's some more of warcraft mega blocks and similar and um fancy stuff. Um So I write, you're familiar with dungeons and dragons, I'm guessing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've heard I tried that in the well I tried precursors textual based systems but I've never launched the app
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: or Jordan.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm really big into dungeons and dragons, the current edition of DND is called fifth edition, so it's nice compared to previous editions because it's really flattened on math and it's very simple to get into. Um so it really attracts a lot of new players. So what I do is I actually converted dungeons dragons, fifth edition to Star Wars. So I've written this really encompassing project, I've got four books of basically how to play Star Wars, but with DND rules and that, I use the lego stuff to facilitate a game at my house, which of course is on hold, so we play with lego and then like the play at my, my players can build their own character and that character can evolve over time. It's pretty fun.
SPEAKER_L: when you say Bill, they're actually building a physical um player like those. Those um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like a mini figure.
SPEAKER_L: All right. All right, that's a very evolved method. That's how long it take you to crash that. I mean the other go
SPEAKER_R: the lego
SPEAKER_L: ahead
SPEAKER_R: project
SPEAKER_L: actually. Both actually.
SPEAKER_R: robert about honestly about five years as both. So I bought the lego, I started buying lego specifically to facilitate traditional DND. And then I started writing the Star Wars stuff. I've been writing the Star Wars predominantly for the past two years, like really really enforced. I have a website uh you know, subreddit, twitter, all that Patreon. So I am uh it's a very big project at this point, a lot of people are using it, it's kind of fun. Um Yeah, and then I just use the leg of it for my own table. I'm a big fan of using the physical matters, I think it helps players to think strategically and helps to really get them more invested. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: huh. So is there a unique physics
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to Lago uh DND or is it um or doesn't mirror the world?
SPEAKER_R: so it for Star Wars it works a lot because of, you know, there's a lot of Star Wars lego, so there's a lot you can do using Star Wars lego which you can't really do with fantasy because there isn't a good fantasy lego I. P. Uh one of the biggest issues is scale like you look at that that A TST right next to those mini figures in the 80 S. T. Is 10 times as tall. But in reality in the movies and A TST is like 20 ft tall. So it's like three or four times. So the scale for the build stuff is way, way, way off. But it doesn't really it doesn't really matter. Nobody cares.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess it's sort of like you do you compensate for in your mind? It's like I guess when I was in my early twenties and thirties I used to watch a tv series called Doctor Who and it was so cheesy, you had to imagine what was missing to make it more entertaining. So
SPEAKER_R: I will.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, real time compensation. I guess
SPEAKER_R: Doctor
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: who in 2000 and a little bit. But that's it.
SPEAKER_L: I've been involving in crowdsource activities right now. I'm developing a submission or uh one of Nasa's Hero X um projects, it's called the lunar loop, Develop a toilet for zero gravity. And so in in you'll get get some development funds if they like your design and the and you get some more support but and and they do a lot of these so and that's in sort of in line with the type of projects I I liked when I was doing the supercollider and I get to use unusual. We need a solution. Here is a problem here. The constraints go off and think something up and that's the type of activities that I like.
SPEAKER_R: I like doing that too. I like I mean I do it mostly on the DND side but I like the critical thinking problem solving.
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: I really
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: enjoy doing that. But I don't have any engineering uh knowledge or background to ever execute something like that. You know those nasa problems?
SPEAKER_L: Well actually a lot of it yourself, physics so, but it is a lot of reading in my case, it's also well an acquired knowledge of physical chemistry. So um as least my approach, there are people that I have to find people who are good at at uh maybe the mechanical engineering or since there is a potentially a an alignment issue to make sure that all the everything
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: lines up when you take a toilet, we need some sort of visual system. That means that, that you probably need a uh some way to guide, get everything in alignment. So, there may be an AI component. You probably don't want people looking at your asshole or something like that when
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you're getting ready. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So, a machine will probably be less.
SPEAKER_R: helpful.
SPEAKER_L: That's worrisome. So, I'd like to go get a problem and start studying it, figure out what I know, and then figure out what. I don't know. I go learn that. So, Are we getting close to 25 or 20?
SPEAKER_R: We've got a few more minutes to kill.
SPEAKER_L: All right. And then after this, we're going to have about 20 minutes of questions. I've never done the I've never
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: most.
SPEAKER_L: is the first one I've ever been able to complete. I signed up for one person in the show and then I signed for another one and I did it show and this one worked and I was a little apprehensive that I got my days mixed up because they didn't give me, they said tomorrow and I can't remember what they, that that message came in. So I, but I knew it was at eight a.m. My time. So thank God it worked out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. These are this is the third one of these I've done I do a lot of this alternative income stuff every month like keeping meticulous,
SPEAKER_L: yeah I do, I do a lot of online surveys you know prolific is how I found it. But um and prolific is one of the better ones but I probably do about 20 different survey panels every day and I get amazon cards and then I go out of amazon. I recently I just discovered there is a rebate system from like rebate key so they can buy a product of the amazon, get often 80 to 100% return rebate for a review. And then I had, once the rebate process is about a little bit more than a month later. I then have converted the amazon cards to cash. You can account but I can now you take the amazon cards or the equivalent and pay off my other credit cards or other needs. So I've been trying that out for about three months and it's working but it's slow. Everything I'm doing is slow money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I do mostly a lot of like user testing stuff with websites and apps and I do a lot of one on one interviews and stuff like that. Um I work from home and I work on a computer all day so I'm able to do it a lot of it while I'm on the clock at work. Uh It's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: I used to I've been trying to get into some user acceptance testing offline. I used to do it at Apple a lot and I was one of those people that I would find the weird stuff and but it's been that's been a little harder for me to crack. Um I do some education websites and I did some interface testing, but but a lot of them were only like quarter or 50 cents each for each test. I don't know what what you're yield is on on an exercise, but you have to do a lot to get past that. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I do. So user testing is one that I do is the biggest one and they paid at least $10 for every um you know it's not video, it's audio so you'll review a website or an app or something like that. They'll ask questions. You know they take 10 minutes to half an hour, they pay 10 bucks apiece and they also do a lot of one on one through there that pay 30 or 60 bucks. I mean bucks per session, not per hour. So like last month I made last month I I did insane. I made 2900 last month doing like the interviews and stuff like that. I just did a lot of it. Um And yeah so it's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: do you what's good sight to find that type of activity?
SPEAKER_R: so user testing is the biggest one is definitely like half of the money I make user testing dot com. You have to do like a interview and things like that. It's all audio. Another good one is validate, Lee. So
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: user testing
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you keep the tab open. It dings when something pops up. And then there's a quick questionnaire for each activity and if you qualify you can do the test, you can do the, you know the review and then you just go through it. They're pretty straightforward. You know it's it's easy validate. Lee is the same concept but they send invites to your email so you open the invite on your email, you answer the questionnaire if you qualify, you get to do it. Um Those are the two big ones for site for those kind of just site reviews if you like doing the one I want interviews, user interviews dot com and respondent dot io are the two big ones for me.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Thank you. Um So let's see. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: Are we are we at the uh time?
SPEAKER_R: yeah we are.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, it's been great talking with you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: And Uh huh. Good luck on your on your on your venture.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah, you as
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: right. Right. But you know how we can do?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just close the tab
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's close to. Okay. Thank you.