are you passively really to?
Yeah, Chris are you my 9:00, is that correct?
Okay. eight a.m. Central. Yeah. Perfect. So five minutes from now. All right, let's just go ahead and do it then. So We're gonna talk for 25 minutes I believe. It's just,
yep. Sounds good.
Course you said your name is chris where do you live?
Oh nice. I've never been to texas but I've always really wanted to go.
Yeah, it's like florida I'm guessing in that regard.
huh.
That's
crazy.
Yeah, I live in Lexington Kentucky so I'm, you know, midway up the country, it's very nice temperate here.
Well, I'm from Maine originally, so I moved from Maine to Kentucky three years ago. So in Maine are winners are awful consistently single digit temperatures. Lots of lots of freezing. Like it's like to the point that pipes freeze and burst, it's an issue during the winter, so Kentucky is magical in that regard.
That's
him.
Most of my family were from all over Maine originally, most of them have moved to florida so they're all in the same boat, you know, certainly hot summers but very nice temperate winters when
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Kentucky's nights in the spread like it only gets out, you know, maybe maybe in the 30s and the coldest day of the winter, which is perfectly fine for me because I'm from Maine and then this summer that will hit 90s pretty regularly. But sorry? No.
Yeah, our humidity
can be asked you
well,
so,
you
know, I, I found.
Well the killer for
that's cool. Yeah, I used to use an iphone, I'm I'm now I use Windows pcs uh and I'm now on android for my phone. I have a google pixel, but you know, I called obviously good product.
That's interesting. What?
Great.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't used, yeah. Windows mostly because the game, you know, I play video games a lot and yeah. So Apple,
you can, but Windows
there.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. I play, I do play on my phone to its killer even thinking about 20 years ago. You know, you're obviously you're older and you've been around longer than I have, but like Just the progression over 20 years and smartphones. Crazy.
No.
I think that.
I don't know.
I don't NBA call center employees, I did it very, very briefly back Uh
15 years ago and it definitely isn't for me.
Thank
you.
I
have.
All
Mhm.
You
know.
Austin is pretty liberal, right? Austin is fairly blue in texas is fairly red overall.
And
Yeah. I was curious to the governor of texas is uh I've always known it to be bushes, but of course I've never lived there. So what I wouldn't what would I know?
Right. Yeah, Kentucky, we actually just got uh Andy the shooter was voted in. He's a legacy here as well. But
previous Kentucky governor, Matt Bevin's was just like a completely corrupt fool. Uh he tried to he tried to drain the teacher pension fund uh in his last year in office and that was the nail in the coffin for him.
He was just he wasn't re elected, but Kentucky has voted red for the governor for 30 years, something like that. Andy Beshear is a is a Democrat, so they voted and it was like not even close, it was like 70, 30. Yeah,
What?
Yeah,
so this is all all like most of it is Star Wars, um there's some more of warcraft mega blocks and similar and um fancy stuff. Um So I write, you're familiar with dungeons and dragons, I'm guessing.
so
so I'm really big into dungeons and dragons, the current edition of DND is called fifth edition, so it's nice compared to previous editions because it's really flattened on math and it's very simple to get into. Um so it really attracts a lot of new players. So what I do is I actually converted dungeons dragons, fifth edition to Star Wars. So I've written this really encompassing project, I've got four books of basically how to play Star Wars, but with DND rules and that, I use the lego stuff to facilitate a game at my house, which of course is on hold, so we play with lego and then like the play at my, my players can build their own character and that character can evolve over time. It's pretty fun.
Yeah, it's like a mini figure.
the lego
project
robert about honestly about five years as both. So I bought the lego, I started buying lego specifically to facilitate traditional DND. And then I started writing the Star Wars stuff. I've been writing the Star Wars predominantly for the past two years, like really really enforced. I have a website uh you know, subreddit, twitter, all that Patreon. So I am uh it's a very big project at this point, a lot of people are using it, it's kind of fun. Um Yeah, and then I just use the leg of it for my own table. I'm a big fan of using the physical matters, I think it helps players to think strategically and helps to really get them more invested. Okay.
No.
so it for Star Wars it works a lot because of, you know, there's a lot of Star Wars lego, so there's a lot you can do using Star Wars lego which you can't really do with fantasy because there isn't a good fantasy lego I. P. Uh one of the biggest issues is scale like you look at that that A TST right next to those mini figures in the 80 S. T. Is 10 times as tall. But in reality in the movies and A TST is like 20 ft tall. So it's like three or four times. So the scale for the build stuff is way, way, way off. But it doesn't really it doesn't really matter. Nobody cares.
I will.
Doctor
who in 2000 and a little bit. But that's it.
I like doing that too. I like I mean I do it mostly on the DND side but I like the critical thinking problem solving.
I really
enjoy doing that. But I don't have any engineering uh knowledge or background to ever execute something like that. You know those nasa problems?
But
All
Yeah.
helpful.
We've got a few more minutes to kill.
The
most.
Yeah. These are this is the third one of these I've done I do a lot of this alternative income stuff every month like keeping meticulous,
Yeah. See I do mostly a lot of like user testing stuff with websites and apps and I do a lot of one on one interviews and stuff like that. Um I work from home and I work on a computer all day so I'm able to do it a lot of it while I'm on the clock at work. Uh It's pretty good.
I do. So user testing is one that I do is the biggest one and they paid at least $10 for every um you know it's not video, it's audio so you'll review a website or an app or something like that. They'll ask questions. You know they take 10 minutes to half an hour, they pay 10 bucks apiece and they also do a lot of one on one through there that pay 30 or 60 bucks. I mean bucks per session, not per hour. So like last month I made last month I I did insane. I made 2900 last month doing like the interviews and stuff like that. I just did a lot of it. Um And yeah so it's
it's
it's
so user testing is the biggest one is definitely like half of the money I make user testing dot com. You have to do like a interview and things like that. It's all audio. Another good one is validate, Lee. So
user testing
you keep the tab open. It dings when something pops up. And then there's a quick questionnaire for each activity and if you qualify you can do the test, you can do the, you know the review and then you just go through it. They're pretty straightforward. You know it's it's easy validate. Lee is the same concept but they send invites to your email so you open the invite on your email, you answer the questionnaire if you qualify, you get to do it. Um Those are the two big ones for site for those kind of just site reviews if you like doing the one I want interviews, user interviews dot com and respondent dot io are the two big ones for me.
we're
yeah we are.
I'm talking to you.
Thank you. Yeah, you as
well.
Yeah I just close the tab