SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh huh. What? Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh. Mhm. The popular what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing great. Uh It's interesting to actually have someone show up to these. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I've
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: actually done this before just once,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: have as well. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: attempt
SPEAKER_R: we've stood up the last time?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it worked the first time, it failed the second time, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well that's not. It always sucks when you're supposed to be there, you're supposed to have a conversation and the other person doesn't show up, so it's like just wasted a lot of time.
SPEAKER_L: I know because you plan your day around this a little bit, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: bit
SPEAKER_R: uh anyway, let me to introduce myself. My name is boss. I live in michigan, east Lansing michigan and I'm working here as a chemical engineer in a nuclear facility.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Very interesting, very interesting. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: I actually live in Western new york um which is uh do you know where buffalo new york is?
SPEAKER_R: I've actually been to Buffalo.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm about an hour and a half from there so that that's where I live. Um I work in the construction wholesale supply industry as a project manager. Um
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a um it's an interesting job I'm either working from from home or I'm on the road, you know, three states away. So it's it's interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I think that the pandemic actually suited you and people like you well actually like working from home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know it has it has pros and cons, you know it's like I I kind of joked because it was like all right after Covid happened because before Covid there wasn't working from home uh you know it's like the first month I'm working at the kitchen table, you know the next the next month I'm working from the couch and then three months later I'm working in bed, you know what I mean? So it's you just get you just get increasingly comfortable with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. Uh ever since we we got this order of like our director, he sent out an email to everyone that enough vacation now at home. So now everyone now has to slowly come back and transition to the on site work again. And I I have been going to my office uh since the last two months now. So it's not that man uh completely safe though. Uh continue is constant hand washing. I think I've got no calluses just because of the hand sanitizer is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. I always wonder how much handwashing makes a difference. I feel like it's more of the aerosol aspect you gotta worry about. But it is what it is I guess. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is
SPEAKER_L: I you know I really thought that a lot of the changes brought by Covid businesses, I really thought some of them would stick. Um but I I've heard kind of what you're saying, how they're bringing people back into the office now and I I feel like it should be a preference thing. You know, we got teams,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: we got zoom.
SPEAKER_R: I completely agree. Like I've never used zoom in my life before this and ever since this happened, everybody had to use zoom and it's extremely uh well let me put in uh great yourself. It's actually really good when you don't have to talk to other people about weather. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Very true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's like the first 5 to 10 minutes is about how their day is going, uh what the veterans like what the weather is going to be tomorrow. So it's actually a like a breath of fresh air. So you just, you go to the meeting uh talk about the main points of the meeting and get out. That's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. And you know, it's so much more efficient to, because like for my job I'm I cover, you know, an extended area and an extended region. So it's like it makes so much more sense for me to have my meetings virtually because then I can meet with someone in Buffalo one minute and then after that meeting is over in another half hour I can meet someone who's in pennsylvania. And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: otherwise before this the expectation would be no of course you do it in person. You know, a teams call or or a virtual call is just a backup plan. But now we're all getting more comfortable with it,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and then I
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: don't have any problem with being like this. And plus I was so comfortable in my shorts, I had the everyday, I would bet jeans go to office. Well I had this habit of wearing shorts now for the last six months and suddenly it was taken away. Right? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: Were
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: strange only for some of this to it looks like some of this is coming back again at least in some areas. So. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And then what did you do? It's
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: a power of corporations, so you have to keep on. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It really is. And you know the industry I'm in, I mean as you can imagine working in construction, wholesale supply, you know we saw to a lot of manufacturers and stuff and and the prevailing opinion among people in that industry, if I had to generalize is, you know, they see it as no big deal. Um My opinion of it is a little more nuanced. I think covid it is obviously more deadly than the flu. It's not going to affect most people who get it, they're going to be fine. Yes, but you don't know, I mean if you're older and then even if you're not older, there's there's these weird outliers.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then hope me, like people our age are not probably going to have much of a lasting effect Because of COVID 19. But then there was one news article that I read the other day um 25 year old guy, he was buying his entire life and he go he contracted covered. and suddenly uh the device that he had some kind of a complication in in his heart apparently. And that guy died just move over.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So, you know, the very hardware.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I I've heard some of those stories of young people getting it and and yeah, it's it's scary to think about because some people have underlying conditions they don't know about. Um And then even if you're healthy, sometimes you just, maybe you're exposed to a huge viral load and you get really unlucky or the third aspect is there's some people that are having residual effects from it, I'm sure you've read a little bit about that, but some people are having long term breathing problems. I've heard of weird like thinking problems. I see
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: articles like
SPEAKER_R: with,
SPEAKER_L: that pop up a lot lately.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, mm. Well yeah, I mean reading problems and they're they're always there. Plus there I always read an article which said that the long term effects uh covid 19 on on the human lung is not really low known right now. So it might not have some long term complications and you never know. But even during this and data by knowing the one thing which was keeping me sane was uh so I work out a lot, like practically every day. So the one thing which I still remember it was 7th of March that the lockdown effect was the lockdown was put into effect in michigan and they're like,
SPEAKER_L: The lock you up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: everybody has to go home and that's it. Just keep to yourself being your rooms and that's it. You do not have to live up apartment, so okay, that's fine. I mean, it is what it is. But then one thing which uh the one thing which I really missed was, I mean working from home was fine, but walking out from home, like the exercising part that was really difficult. So everyone had to get creative. I had to find, I didn't have any bets, I don't have any pets. I actually go to gym right across the street and they just didn't let let us in like, no, we don't have any better if we cannot let you borrow anything. Oh, I just had to get creative. And I think one thing that I did was I have a big bag, I just animals started stuffing stuff in it. Just putting heavy things. I put a gallon jug of milk inside it. And
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: go,
SPEAKER_R: my marbles essentially,
SPEAKER_L: that's all you need. I mean, you know, the principles of working out are the same whether they're you know traditional dumbbells or not. You know you
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: did the right thing. That's awesome. I bought a bunch of, I bought two Schwinn machines, cardio machines um one is an elliptical which honestly I got to say I'm not too fond of it. I like the more expensive ellipticals you'll find um in the gyms uh you know this was one of the higher end residential ones without trying to spend thousands and thousands. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The machines are extremely expensive.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah like I said this was probably the best one I could get for a reasonable price but I'm not just there's something about it I I don't like I don't like um I guess what's the word I'm looking for? I I don't like the range of motion um that my legs have on it for whatever reason but we also bought a um bike, Schwinn bike um And I do
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: I hate the bike. There's
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: gonna be, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I never used to like them, but this is like a recumbent bike, so it's a little bit different, a little bit different, but I'm with you on that. I never, I always avoided the bike machines, honestly, I always did, but it's it's growing on me a little bit because I hated the elliptical so much. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's half an hour ago. I mean, I just came back from the gym as you can see it. Just really showered.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, dude, that's that's awesome. It kind of fell by the wayside for me, my workout routine. Uh sure it's partially covid, but some of it has been, you know, I just moved into this house a year ago, I had a kid and everything, so I've been so busy, you know, with a toddler and everything, but
SPEAKER_R: comeback.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it's been great, it's been great, but yeah, it's time is a little um difficult to come by. Um But
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: mentioned
SPEAKER_R: married there?
SPEAKER_L: one thing, yeah, you mentioned one thing though about the weights, how, how you had to be creative um I found these, have you heard of those dumbbells where you can? Um Well they're basically like dumbbells that you can attach and detach the weights from. Not not a barbell but an actual dumbbell and you lock
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: single
SPEAKER_L: in with like a locknut.
SPEAKER_R: correct. Those I think have several disks and and those desks essentially made the dumbbell just heavy. So
SPEAKER_L: you put
SPEAKER_R: whatever
SPEAKER_L: the disks
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: on,
SPEAKER_R: comfortable with, you just take out the rest of the desks and whatnot end.
SPEAKER_L: So right, so it saves on space and and also
SPEAKER_R: Listen
SPEAKER_L: obviously money because you're just using the same disks. Um
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: I'm the same on the same bar, two bars. Um You know, again it's a work around again. It's it's economical. That's why I liked it, but it's not perfect because you've got to waste a lot of time between sets and the lock it comes loosened as you do your sets. Not to the point where the disks are going to fall off, but it gets kind of shaky I guess is the word.
SPEAKER_R: I should have. I mean, I did look at some of the bills yesterday from the prime day, we had more food to do that. So prime the ideas. They don't really have some any good deals. I think people just bounce on any good things that the sea and then I'm always late to the party. So uh not not left for me.
SPEAKER_L: No, I know it's, I didn't see a whole lot. I liked, I decided to upgrade my kindle to the aid or whatever the fire eight because I've had this one for literally like seven
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: years.
SPEAKER_R: just could never use any amazon products for some reason. I don't know why for for me I don't think that that user intuitive, um let's the user interface is especially if you're talking about the tablets. Uh huh. I don't know. They just feel a little monkey. They just felt no. So I used them a few number of times. But then after that I just gave up. Thank you. They
SPEAKER_L: I hear you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: were responsible.
SPEAKER_L: You know, everyone's got their preference. I mean, me personally, I don't like Apple. Um, I'm an android guy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna do it together guys. But
SPEAKER_L: So 100% only reason why I go with Amazon for the tablet is they're so inexpensive. I mean that's really all it comes down to for me and it does what I needed to do. So,
SPEAKER_R: I mean one thing I mean, I don't know have you rooted your tablet?
SPEAKER_L: um, I thought about it. I, I haven't the previous one, but I've thought about doing it for this one.
SPEAKER_R: You can do it. I mean at least we had access to the play store and a whole new world is waiting for you. I do have an or tablet and I have thought of routing it so many times and then every single time I tried to do it I was like uh let's just do it tomorrow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I know you got to sit down and it takes forever. I know it's a whole process, whereas if you've got an android you know you barely have to do that. I mean yeah there's some benefits but yeah you barely
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: I mean my girlfriend, she loves happening everything. She has, it is made from apples And she just one gadget. So uh every single time uh what was that the other day? I don't remember but she was having problems accessing um I think a cloud storage and she didn't have enough space on her phone. She's like oh now I'll have to buy some more stuff or more cloud storage for this. Like just use the SD card. That's it. It doesn't really go in this phone doesn't have a slot for the secret. That's like that's so stupid. Our European
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: we get $1,000 for a phone and you can't even greater without paying extra. Or
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: lemon
SPEAKER_L: the thing. I mean if you compare android and Apple they have very different philosophies. Apple tells you what you want, they'll give you what they think, they'll
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: tell you
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: The best for the gusty.
SPEAKER_L: android lets you customize it yourself, they say okay we don't know what you want, we'll let you decide. I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: mean to
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: me it's a
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: no brainer.
SPEAKER_R: I actually like that feeling of uh getting everything to my needs according to my needs. And I like my personal experience instead of a company telling me, oh you should do this or you need this now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah headphone jacks are antiquated, all that crap. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And what was that dangling? I think it was exchanged. And that was one of the stupidest changes that I've seen when when they came out with this new headphone jack. Uh Well the absence of the headphone jack or there was the tagline was changed. That's it.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: We should women described. Always prescribed towards a new change. A new era. Oh
SPEAKER_L: yeah and honestly it's just it's just one more thing you've got to remember to charge, which is just absurd, you know and you know, speaking of uh, charging and all that reminds me
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: I, I recently had difficulty. Um well, okay, so I feel kind of stupid because the reason why I have the model phone I have now, the reason why I ever upgraded to this version of android, which I think it's eight. Whatever the reason I upgraded is because I thought my charger port went on me. Um, well, as of a month ago, you know, I've had this phone for like a year and a half the same problem started happening, right, so it won't hold a charge. Um, and when it does, I can't touch it. You know, if I, if I be, if I even breathe on the phone all of a sudden it loses the charge. Well, I figured out that it's just, it's literally just lent, it's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: literally, it's a common problem. A lot of people think they're charged reports are broken, but if you just grab a toothpick, you'll be amazed at how much lint you'll dig out. And then once you get it all out, your charger works good as new, you don't have to worry about the wireless chargers, you don't have to worry
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: about any of that. So that's something I've been telling people, because I bet you a lot of people don't think of that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean bell come to think of it. that's a very uh common issue with lots of my older phones. Uh But yeah, but I never read that does not them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely, man, look it up and it has to be a toothpick because you've got to be able to dig really, really deep
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, know what
SPEAKER_L: ups.
SPEAKER_R: I mean? I do have these uh Well I'm not really a gadget person. Uh But I mean I I just have a few get to sit in there but I love learning about things, I love learning about the latest models of phones which are coming out, the latest models laptops which are coming out. I mean even yesterday I'm never going to buy an iPhone 12 Yet. I know I've seen a few videos in which they're comparing iPhone se iPhone 12 to some previous models and again none of my business. But I just like learning things and learning about new technology is going to be an unbelievable.
SPEAKER_L: You're an engineer, you're curious guy. That's, yeah, that's, that's awesome. So, so, so since you're up to date on this stuff, I have to ask, um, do you have a preference on the new generation Xbox as opposed to the new generation playstation?
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Have you looked into that?
SPEAKER_R: I did. I mean again I used to love playing games a very long time ago. Uh It's
SPEAKER_L: know, I don't have much time either anymore, but
SPEAKER_R: yes I mean if you're talking about um first of all what place what game controller you have Is it the experts on the playstation right now?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so and I know where you're going with this and I've considered that angle too. But here's the thing. I had an Xbox 3 60 then I went to a PS four and so that's the thing I'm not committed. Like I'll
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: go wherever
SPEAKER_R: at it
SPEAKER_L: the better specs are.
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Xbox. It did come out with three versions of uh the game Cube. And uh then Again even if you're comparing apples to apples the highest end of xbox and the PS five go ahead. Well they're very comparative and they they have some great speeds and I'm not talking about the small Xbox that they released last month. There was it's like box that they released last month. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: you don't want to buy that because that essentially is I don't know it's it's going to be very slow. So if you want to
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: find,
SPEAKER_L: they they have they both I've noticed a very weird designs this this time around.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: They didn't
SPEAKER_R: like er very futuristic
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: specialty design.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't, I feel like they didn't worry too much about aesthetics. I don't know. But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: what you
SPEAKER_R: then let me tell you this uh there was this uh nuclear facility okay it's out in California. And the only thing I know this is because I belong to this community. So what they did was they were having problems um uh figuring out how to control. I think it was the timing mechanism for some control rods. Okay. And one of the main reasons for this is there are billions of calculations which have to be done and because of that so it's very expensive to have like a super computer right over there. So what they did was They took 100 xboxes connecting them together and that's what they use over there.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Just because of its amazing computing power. They just use 100 Xboxes. And plus it's insanely deeper than having a supercomputer. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I get it because they sell these consoles basically at costs are at a loss because they make the money on the game. So it would be cheaper you get the most bang for your buck computing power wise to just use consoles gaming consoles so actually that's genius so
SPEAKER_R: Record.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. But the one thing I didn't catch with what you were saying is is what what were they powering exactly?
SPEAKER_R: So they wanted to find out the they were not really powering something they were controlling the control rods. So basically what you do is every single nuclear reaction. Let's let the nuclear reaction happens. Yeah. It always has to be controlled nuclear reaction. Now the way to control it is um if there are some access uh atom or not atoms but components of items it's called they call neutrons. So if there are excess neutrons which are produced we can have like a a bomb which can get weird and we don't want that. Okay you do the accident. So what happens is whenever you don't want
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to access neutrons there are these gratified rods and you just insert them inside the reactor. So what happens is those graveled roads. They just absorb all the nutrients. So
SPEAKER_L: I get where you're staying.
SPEAKER_R: but the problem is these neutrons which are part of atoms and everything is made of atoms. There are billions of atoms. As a result there are billions of neutrons. So the number of neutron to the value you need to have a correct number of neutrons in a political reaction. So the calculation for those are very humongous. And I mean even really I cannot do that. There are some scientists there are physicists will do them. So I'm just a guy who knows things like how it's done. So I am basically the construction. Well I'm not really the construction gap. There are other people who have worked with the construct things but I tell them what exactly has to be made. So I'm the designer
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and I designed the facility that I'm that we're working with right now. So the one thing that this is where I'm working. It's a nuclear facility and it's a nuclear scientific facility. So essentially uh this is one of the I think there are only 26 in the US. total. So and this is going to be the the latest one which will have state of the art equipment go ahead. So what I'm hoping is uh that when we get into the start up and commissioning uh of this there probably is going to be a politician coming over here to contribute when we started this up. And I'm really hoping that uh trump doesn't show. Yeah no the one person that I don't want I saw miss that Obama wasn't here because that guy's he's a very cool guy. So it would
SPEAKER_L: he he was one smooth guy he
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: one of our better uh better presidents. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I know so
SPEAKER_L: Man that's uh that's you know man it's been a very interesting conversation. Um
SPEAKER_R: it will. Yes
SPEAKER_L: It was it was very nice meeting you. Um
SPEAKER_R: it was me thinking as well
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah I think we're at the 25 minute mark so um I I wish you luck with everything that you're doing man.
SPEAKER_R: Well you as well and good luck with the toddler. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'll need it
SPEAKER_R: And good
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: luck
SPEAKER_L: need
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: some sleep. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's that will always in low quantity when you're a new parent. All right man
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right see you
SPEAKER_L: Yep You have a good one