Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh huh. What? Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh. Mhm. The popular what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hello, how are you?
I'm doing great. Uh It's interesting to actually have someone show up to these. Yeah.
Good.
I
have as well. Yeah, I
I've
attempt
yeah, it worked the first time, it failed the second time, so. Yeah.
I know because you plan your day around this a little bit, you know,
little
bit
awesome. Very interesting, very interesting. Nice to meet you.
I actually live in Western new york um which is uh do you know where buffalo new york is?
Okay, I'm about an hour and a half from there so that that's where I live. Um I work in the construction wholesale supply industry as a project manager. Um
Yeah, it's a um it's an interesting job I'm either working from from home or I'm on the road, you know, three states away. So it's it's interesting. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know it has it has pros and cons, you know it's like I I kind of joked because it was like all right after Covid happened because before Covid there wasn't working from home uh you know it's like the first month I'm working at the kitchen table, you know the next the next month I'm working from the couch and then three months later I'm working in bed, you know what I mean? So it's you just get you just get increasingly comfortable with it.
Yeah. I know. I always wonder how much handwashing makes a difference. I feel like it's more of the aerosol aspect you gotta worry about. But it is what it is I guess. Um
I you know I really thought that a lot of the changes brought by Covid businesses, I really thought some of them would stick. Um but I I've heard kind of what you're saying, how they're bringing people back into the office now and I I feel like it should be a preference thing. You know, we got teams,
we got zoom.
Very true. Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. And you know, it's so much more efficient to, because like for my job I'm I cover, you know, an extended area and an extended region. So it's like it makes so much more sense for me to have my meetings virtually because then I can meet with someone in Buffalo one minute and then after that meeting is over in another half hour I can meet someone who's in pennsylvania. And
otherwise before this the expectation would be no of course you do it in person. You know, a teams call or or a virtual call is just a backup plan. But now we're all getting more comfortable with it,
you know?
I know
it's
strange only for some of this to it looks like some of this is coming back again at least in some areas. So. Yeah,
I mean.
Yeah. It really is. And you know the industry I'm in, I mean as you can imagine working in construction, wholesale supply, you know we saw to a lot of manufacturers and stuff and and the prevailing opinion among people in that industry, if I had to generalize is, you know, they see it as no big deal. Um My opinion of it is a little more nuanced. I think covid it is obviously more deadly than the flu. It's not going to affect most people who get it, they're going to be fine. Yes, but you don't know, I mean if you're older and then even if you're not older, there's there's these weird outliers.
I
yeah, I I've heard some of those stories of young people getting it and and yeah, it's it's scary to think about because some people have underlying conditions they don't know about. Um And then even if you're healthy, sometimes you just, maybe you're exposed to a huge viral load and you get really unlucky or the third aspect is there's some people that are having residual effects from it, I'm sure you've read a little bit about that, but some people are having long term breathing problems. I've heard of weird like thinking problems. I see
articles like
that pop up a lot lately.
The lock you up. Yeah.
there
you
go,
that's all you need. I mean, you know, the principles of working out are the same whether they're you know traditional dumbbells or not. You know you
did the right thing. That's awesome. I bought a bunch of, I bought two Schwinn machines, cardio machines um one is an elliptical which honestly I got to say I'm not too fond of it. I like the more expensive ellipticals you'll find um in the gyms uh you know this was one of the higher end residential ones without trying to spend thousands and thousands. But
yeah yeah like I said this was probably the best one I could get for a reasonable price but I'm not just there's something about it I I don't like I don't like um I guess what's the word I'm looking for? I I don't like the range of motion um that my legs have on it for whatever reason but we also bought a um bike, Schwinn bike um And I do
like that.
I,
yeah, I never used to like them, but this is like a recumbent bike, so it's a little bit different, a little bit different, but I'm with you on that. I never, I always avoided the bike machines, honestly, I always did, but it's it's growing on me a little bit because I hated the elliptical so much. So
yeah, dude, that's that's awesome. It kind of fell by the wayside for me, my workout routine. Uh sure it's partially covid, but some of it has been, you know, I just moved into this house a year ago, I had a kid and everything, so I've been so busy, you know, with a toddler and everything, but
yeah, yeah, it's been great, it's been great, but yeah, it's time is a little um difficult to come by. Um But
you
mentioned
one thing, yeah, you mentioned one thing though about the weights, how, how you had to be creative um I found these, have you heard of those dumbbells where you can? Um Well they're basically like dumbbells that you can attach and detach the weights from. Not not a barbell but an actual dumbbell and you lock
them
in with like a locknut.
you put
the disks
on,
So right, so it saves on space and and also
obviously money because you're just using the same disks. Um
I'm the same on the same bar, two bars. Um You know, again it's a work around again. It's it's economical. That's why I liked it, but it's not perfect because you've got to waste a lot of time between sets and the lock it comes loosened as you do your sets. Not to the point where the disks are going to fall off, but it gets kind of shaky I guess is the word.
No, I know it's, I didn't see a whole lot. I liked, I decided to upgrade my kindle to the aid or whatever the fire eight because I've had this one for literally like seven
years.
I hear you. Yeah.
You know, everyone's got their preference. I mean, me personally, I don't like Apple. Um, I'm an android guy. Yeah.
So 100% only reason why I go with Amazon for the tablet is they're so inexpensive. I mean that's really all it comes down to for me and it does what I needed to do. So,
um, I thought about it. I, I haven't the previous one, but I've thought about doing it for this one.
Yeah. Because I know you got to sit down and it takes forever. I know it's a whole process, whereas if you've got an android you know you barely have to do that. I mean yeah there's some benefits but yeah you barely
have
to.
I know.
that's
the thing. I mean if you compare android and Apple they have very different philosophies. Apple tells you what you want, they'll give you what they think, they'll
tell you
what,
you know.
android lets you customize it yourself, they say okay we don't know what you want, we'll let you decide. I
mean to
me it's a
no brainer.
Yeah yeah headphone jacks are antiquated, all that crap. Yeah.
I
yeah and honestly it's just it's just one more thing you've got to remember to charge, which is just absurd, you know and you know, speaking of uh, charging and all that reminds me
I, I recently had difficulty. Um well, okay, so I feel kind of stupid because the reason why I have the model phone I have now, the reason why I ever upgraded to this version of android, which I think it's eight. Whatever the reason I upgraded is because I thought my charger port went on me. Um, well, as of a month ago, you know, I've had this phone for like a year and a half the same problem started happening, right, so it won't hold a charge. Um, and when it does, I can't touch it. You know, if I, if I be, if I even breathe on the phone all of a sudden it loses the charge. Well, I figured out that it's just, it's literally just lent, it's
literally, it's a common problem. A lot of people think they're charged reports are broken, but if you just grab a toothpick, you'll be amazed at how much lint you'll dig out. And then once you get it all out, your charger works good as new, you don't have to worry about the wireless chargers, you don't have to worry
about any of that. So that's something I've been telling people, because I bet you a lot of people don't think of that.
absolutely, man, look it up and it has to be a toothpick because you've got to be able to dig really, really deep
ups.
You're an engineer, you're curious guy. That's, yeah, that's, that's awesome. So, so, so since you're up to date on this stuff, I have to ask, um, do you have a preference on the new generation Xbox as opposed to the new generation playstation?
Have you looked into that?
know, I don't have much time either anymore, but
yeah, so and I know where you're going with this and I've considered that angle too. But here's the thing. I had an Xbox 3 60 then I went to a PS four and so that's the thing I'm not committed. Like I'll
go wherever
the better specs are.
No.
Yeah, it's
they
they they have they both I've noticed a very weird designs this this time around.
They didn't
what?
Yeah, I don't, I feel like they didn't worry too much about aesthetics. I don't know. But
what you
What?
Well, I get it because they sell these consoles basically at costs are at a loss because they make the money on the game. So it would be cheaper you get the most bang for your buck computing power wise to just use consoles gaming consoles so actually that's genius so
that's awesome. But the one thing I didn't catch with what you were saying is is what what were they powering exactly?
Well
I get where you're staying.
interesting.
he he was one smooth guy he
was
one of our better uh better presidents. Uh huh.
Man that's uh that's you know man it's been a very interesting conversation. Um
It was it was very nice meeting you. Um
Uh huh. Yeah I think we're at the 25 minute mark so um I I wish you luck with everything that you're doing man.
Yeah I'll need it
I'll
need
it
that's that's that will always in low quantity when you're a new parent. All right man
Yep You have a good one