Hello.
I'm doing good. How about you?
okay. I've
actually done this before just once,
so.
So
what
we've stood up the last time?
well that's not. It always sucks when you're supposed to be there, you're supposed to have a conversation and the other person doesn't show up, so it's like just wasted a lot of time.
Yeah, I know.
So
uh anyway, let me to introduce myself. My name is boss. I live in michigan, east Lansing michigan and I'm working here as a chemical engineer in a nuclear facility.
nice to meet you.
I've actually been to Buffalo.
okay.
So I think that the pandemic actually suited you and people like you well actually like working from home. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. Uh ever since we we got this order of like our director, he sent out an email to everyone that enough vacation now at home. So now everyone now has to slowly come back and transition to the on site work again. And I I have been going to my office uh since the last two months now. So it's not that man uh completely safe though. Uh continue is constant hand washing. I think I've got no calluses just because of the hand sanitizer is
Yeah it is
and
I completely agree. Like I've never used zoom in my life before this and ever since this happened, everybody had to use zoom and it's extremely uh well let me put in uh great yourself. It's actually really good when you don't have to talk to other people about weather. Yeah,
That's like the first 5 to 10 minutes is about how their day is going, uh what the veterans like what the weather is going to be tomorrow. So it's actually a like a breath of fresh air. So you just, you go to the meeting uh talk about the main points of the meeting and get out. That's it. Yeah.
And
yeah, and then I
don't have any problem with being like this. And plus I was so comfortable in my shorts, I had the everyday, I would bet jeans go to office. Well I had this habit of wearing shorts now for the last six months and suddenly it was taken away. Right? Mhm.
Were
there?
And then what did you do? It's
a power of corporations, so you have to keep on. Mhm,
Yeah. And then hope me, like people our age are not probably going to have much of a lasting effect Because of COVID 19. But then there was one news article that I read the other day um 25 year old guy, he was buying his entire life and he go he contracted covered. and suddenly uh the device that he had some kind of a complication in in his heart apparently. And that guy died just move over.
So, you know, the very hardware.
Even
with,
Okay, mm. Well yeah, I mean reading problems and they're they're always there. Plus there I always read an article which said that the long term effects uh covid 19 on on the human lung is not really low known right now. So it might not have some long term complications and you never know. But even during this and data by knowing the one thing which was keeping me sane was uh so I work out a lot, like practically every day. So the one thing which I still remember it was 7th of March that the lockdown effect was the lockdown was put into effect in michigan and they're like,
everybody has to go home and that's it. Just keep to yourself being your rooms and that's it. You do not have to live up apartment, so okay, that's fine. I mean, it is what it is. But then one thing which uh the one thing which I really missed was, I mean working from home was fine, but walking out from home, like the exercising part that was really difficult. So everyone had to get creative. I had to find, I didn't have any bets, I don't have any pets. I actually go to gym right across the street and they just didn't let let us in like, no, we don't have any better if we cannot let you borrow anything. Oh, I just had to get creative. And I think one thing that I did was I have a big bag, I just animals started stuffing stuff in it. Just putting heavy things. I put a gallon jug of milk inside it. And
that
was
my marbles essentially,
you know.
Yeah. The machines are extremely expensive.
Well,
I hate the bike. There's
gonna be, yeah.
Yeah, there's half an hour ago. I mean, I just came back from the gym as you can see it. Just really showered.
comeback.
And
you
married there?
I'm
single
correct. Those I think have several disks and and those desks essentially made the dumbbell just heavy. So
whatever
you're
comfortable with, you just take out the rest of the desks and whatnot end.
Listen
correct.
I should have. I mean, I did look at some of the bills yesterday from the prime day, we had more food to do that. So prime the ideas. They don't really have some any good deals. I think people just bounce on any good things that the sea and then I'm always late to the party. So uh not not left for me.
I
just could never use any amazon products for some reason. I don't know why for for me I don't think that that user intuitive, um let's the user interface is especially if you're talking about the tablets. Uh huh. I don't know. They just feel a little monkey. They just felt no. So I used them a few number of times. But then after that I just gave up. Thank you. They
were responsible.
I'm gonna do it together guys. But
I mean one thing I mean, I don't know have you rooted your tablet?
You can do it. I mean at least we had access to the play store and a whole new world is waiting for you. I do have an or tablet and I have thought of routing it so many times and then every single time I tried to do it I was like uh let's just do it tomorrow.
I'm
not,
I mean my girlfriend, she loves happening everything. She has, it is made from apples And she just one gadget. So uh every single time uh what was that the other day? I don't remember but she was having problems accessing um I think a cloud storage and she didn't have enough space on her phone. She's like oh now I'll have to buy some more stuff or more cloud storage for this. Like just use the SD card. That's it. It doesn't really go in this phone doesn't have a slot for the secret. That's like that's so stupid. Our European
we get $1,000 for a phone and you can't even greater without paying extra. Or
lemon
this
for
you.
The best for the gusty.
And
kind
of
I actually like that feeling of uh getting everything to my needs according to my needs. And I like my personal experience instead of a company telling me, oh you should do this or you need this now.
And what was that dangling? I think it was exchanged. And that was one of the stupidest changes that I've seen when when they came out with this new headphone jack. Uh Well the absence of the headphone jack or there was the tagline was changed. That's it.
We should women described. Always prescribed towards a new change. A new era. Oh
One.
No.
Well
yeah, I mean bell come to think of it. that's a very uh common issue with lots of my older phones. Uh But yeah, but I never read that does not them. Yeah.
Yeah, know what
I mean? I do have these uh Well I'm not really a gadget person. Uh But I mean I I just have a few get to sit in there but I love learning about things, I love learning about the latest models of phones which are coming out, the latest models laptops which are coming out. I mean even yesterday I'm never going to buy an iPhone 12 Yet. I know I've seen a few videos in which they're comparing iPhone se iPhone 12 to some previous models and again none of my business. But I just like learning things and learning about new technology is going to be an unbelievable.
Well
I did. I mean again I used to love playing games a very long time ago. Uh It's
yes I mean if you're talking about um first of all what place what game controller you have Is it the experts on the playstation right now?
look
at it
then
Xbox. It did come out with three versions of uh the game Cube. And uh then Again even if you're comparing apples to apples the highest end of xbox and the PS five go ahead. Well they're very comparative and they they have some great speeds and I'm not talking about the small Xbox that they released last month. There was it's like box that they released last month. So
you don't want to buy that because that essentially is I don't know it's it's going to be very slow. So if you want to
find,
yeah it's
like er very futuristic
specialty design.
But
then let me tell you this uh there was this uh nuclear facility okay it's out in California. And the only thing I know this is because I belong to this community. So what they did was they were having problems um uh figuring out how to control. I think it was the timing mechanism for some control rods. Okay. And one of the main reasons for this is there are billions of calculations which have to be done and because of that so it's very expensive to have like a super computer right over there. So what they did was They took 100 xboxes connecting them together and that's what they use over there.
Just because of its amazing computing power. They just use 100 Xboxes. And plus it's insanely deeper than having a supercomputer. Mhm.
Record.
So they wanted to find out the they were not really powering something they were controlling the control rods. So basically what you do is every single nuclear reaction. Let's let the nuclear reaction happens. Yeah. It always has to be controlled nuclear reaction. Now the way to control it is um if there are some access uh atom or not atoms but components of items it's called they call neutrons. So if there are excess neutrons which are produced we can have like a a bomb which can get weird and we don't want that. Okay you do the accident. So what happens is whenever you don't want
to access neutrons there are these gratified rods and you just insert them inside the reactor. So what happens is those graveled roads. They just absorb all the nutrients. So
but the problem is these neutrons which are part of atoms and everything is made of atoms. There are billions of atoms. As a result there are billions of neutrons. So the number of neutron to the value you need to have a correct number of neutrons in a political reaction. So the calculation for those are very humongous. And I mean even really I cannot do that. There are some scientists there are physicists will do them. So I'm just a guy who knows things like how it's done. So I am basically the construction. Well I'm not really the construction gap. There are other people who have worked with the construct things but I tell them what exactly has to be made. So I'm the designer
and I designed the facility that I'm that we're working with right now. So the one thing that this is where I'm working. It's a nuclear facility and it's a nuclear scientific facility. So essentially uh this is one of the I think there are only 26 in the US. total. So and this is going to be the the latest one which will have state of the art equipment go ahead. So what I'm hoping is uh that when we get into the start up and commissioning uh of this there probably is going to be a politician coming over here to contribute when we started this up. And I'm really hoping that uh trump doesn't show. Yeah no the one person that I don't want I saw miss that Obama wasn't here because that guy's he's a very cool guy. So it would
if
if
yeah I know so
it will. Yes
it was me thinking as well
Well you as well and good luck with the toddler. Yeah
And good
luck
getting
some sleep. Okay.
Okay. All right see you