Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Mhm. Hello? Right. Mhm. I don't know you know. Okay. Mhm. Hello?
Yeah I can hear you. All right.
Good. How about you?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah I've heard I've heard that um less people have been having dental work since the COVID-19.
Uh It's going okay. Um I'm taking and I'm taking online course um uh It's in uh Oracle database and uh the courses are at night so I'm gonna start the course in about two hours. Mhm.
All
Wait
I guess
have you heard of um sequel or SQL it's um it's I think it's some sort of program that uses sequel the sequel language. And um I guess it uses that uh to manage databases I guess where they stored data on stuff and a bunch of tables. And I guess use the there's a lot of programs that use the sequel language to uh manage databases and this is one of the most popular ones.
I either hear people call it sequel or SQL yeah.
I'm trying
to find a new job um in that yeah. Right now I'm out of work right now, I'm looking for work. So yeah, I was taking the course because I wanted it to um find a job in that field.
I think that is database administrator, that's that's what I read, the main job that uses it. Mhm.
But
Yeah. It is complicated. Uh So is the is the main thing you're learning javascript?
huh.
I see, I spent some time trying to learn javascript on my all um before uh I used to I tried to use it with the program Grease monkey, I don't know if you've heard of that program.
Yeah,
that I was trying to make scripts with that with javascript.
Uh Okay. I mean I made a few um uh I mean I learned I think I got better at understanding other people's scripts and I made a few, but I never I didn't use it a whole lot, I didn't end up using it a whole lot. Um
I guess sort of like the other things they have on Grease monkey for mechanical turk, like you know press this button and you'll click this button when you when you press this button on your keyboard or stuff like that, that makes the surveys go faster.
really?
yeah, I don't use mechanical turk as much as I used to I guess. Um Yeah, it's it's hard to make that good uh Money per hour on that site. Yeah.
No, I I don't I don't think so. Is that on, is that on mturk?
Oh okay. I'll try to remember that they're testing. Yeah.
So you're using that a lot lately?
that I
do it.
Mm Yeah, I think it seems like would prolific, they have verified the people who give the surveys more, so I think the people who signed up on prolific don't try to either, they don't try to give surveys that pay really low or they have to be verified. So if they're giving surveys that are broken, it gets um fixed really quickly.
Yeah, I think that's as the very big
paper
mm uh Well I've had I've had issues with finger pain and hand pain before.
Uh Yeah. Um I'm not sure. It didn't really never really went away for me. Uh And
Yeah I have I have a Microsoft natural keyboard that I think that helps. Some I try not to it's some keyboards cause more pain, want to use them so I try not to use it too long if it starts making me feel more pain when I use it. Uh And um I mean there's I guess there's information you can read on that. Um I think exercise helps um And uh maybe trying not to use the computer too much throughout the day that that's more difficult I guess trying taking some time off the computer sometimes. But I admit I I've yeah I didn't really find this solution to that.
I think those help some. I have one that's sort of like that.
I'm not sure that the brand is uh you see like this one
Wasn't too hard to get used to it. I mean I've had it for about four years. Uh Yeah, I got used to it after a little bit. It has um this is probably the lower budget one. Uh It has these two side buttons which sometimes I accidentally click. Um but you can change the settings on it and stuff, or there's other programs that let you change the settings on it. Um Yeah, I think it works uh works pretty well.
Mhm. Yeah. I used to have you heard of speech recognition software? Bird?
no,
I used that sometimes instead of typing are used to use it more. Actually stopped using it because then it started making my voice feel worse. So actually I used to use that more instead of typing but then it started making my voice feel worse. So uh I'm not sure much I like it because it does it can wear down your voice after a while so
and yeah it can be pretty accurate actually. Like Dragon naturally speaking. I think that's the most popular one. Um There's Windows speech recognition is okay That I think that's the free one. But yeah I think it's pretty accurate.
Yeah it might be it's probably harder to use for programming and I think if you use it for stuff that's really repetitive I think it's more likely to strain your voice over time if you have to use it a lot for really repetitive commands. Mhm. All right.
Yeah I think yeah couch is not not as comfortable and the laptop keyboard yeah I don't think it's not as comfortable as a some of the other keyboards ev mhm.
Uh What is Catalina?
Uh I hear that about Apple computers. I mean I hear people say they run better and they like them more but then also they're expensive and they there's a lot of stuff they don't work with.
Okay.
Uh Yeah. Oh yeah enough. Um thinking about that the the pain computer use pain. I know there's some books on it, probably the books they have on it. Probably whatever books that are on the subject they're probably going to be more helpful than most doctors and I don't know a lot of doctors if you bring it up they don't they don't seem to know much about it or care that much about it that's my impression
were really
expensive. Mhm.
robot
are
this
is
I don't think right now but I guess if yes if
they
got
yeah we got more advanced and maybe if one of if my body parts started having enough problems maybe I'll think of that. I would think of it. It got to the point where everything was more advanced.
yeah I don't know how that would work. I've seen that in movies. Uh
I would try it at least for a while. Mhm mm. Mhm.
could be bad. People could misuse. That definitely mm.
Uh I live on the east Coast.
I'm living in Delaware.
it's a yeah it's a small state. Uh it's next it's close to Maryland pennsylvania, New Jersey. Um Well I guess you know I think it's a probably a normal state and that's my feeling is probably like an average place. Uh um There's there's not doesn't seem like there's there's not that so many people, I mean it's getting more populated, it's gotten a lot more populated the past few decades, but it's close to pennsylvania and New Jersey and Maryland. So doesn't seem like there's so much going on in Delaware, but you can always um drive to another state nearby.
I think so. Yeah it does. Well in uh in southern Delaware there's Rehoboth Beach, that's a popular place that I hear a lot of people from Washington D. C. Go there in the summer. Um Then I mean they do have some parks, they did you have a fair amount of parks and hiking trails. I think it has some good areas to uh is it?
Why now in Delaware? I know, let me think, oh well, a lot of the banks have their headquarters in Delaware I think because there was there's some there's some old uh tax law about Delaware not having corporate taxes, some corporate tax law that made the banks want to put their headquarters in Delaware. Uh
And what else? Well, oh, it has a lot of the chemical industry companies like Dupont have their headquarters in Delaware. I think some of them are starting to move now, but it had a lot of companies in the chemical industry, Probably the biggest one is Dupont.
it's
They do have plans, I think they've moved a lot of them in the past 10 to 20 years because they've Dupont's been sort of splitting off, they've been selling parts of their company off and um they've been sort of they had a they've been sort of moving relocating places and I think they had a merger with Dow Chemical and um yeah they were relocating some of their places. But yeah, there's a lot of chemical companies that are still in Delaware, so if somebody wants to work in that, you know in that industry, Delaware is a good place to be. Yeah.
Yes,
I think there's not that far away from where people live. Yeah, I did hear that used to be, there were pollution issues in the past in Wilmington, Delaware which is where a lot of them were. Yeah, there has been some controversy about chemical chemicals and stuff. I know there's a lot of lot more rules now than there used to be. They have to follow a lot of, a lot more rules than they used to. But yeah I know the um in the past there was a lot there was more controversy about that.
I think yeah all kinds I think. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I have heard I have heard some of those stories I guess uh it's come out more recently. I didn't yeah I guess growing up I didn't realize how didn't hear as much of that stuff until uh until later. Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Well
Oh teflon. Yeah that yeah
it's a thing with teflon, I've heard that you're not you have to be careful not to eat it too much or not to scrape off of it when if you use it. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess with metals I guess with aluminum or steel or steel pans I guess it's a lot savor. Mhm I think.
The universe is trying to kill us.
Yet it is. That's sure it's like it's lazy but doesn't really care if we live or die, but it's also too lazy to really try most of the time. Yeah.
Oh yeah. It looks like time's up.
to
start.
Me
too.
You're welcome
speaking
and
afternoon.
You too.