Can you hear me?
All right, cool. How's it going?
Uh huh. I woke up this morning and I had dental work done. I'm just now getting coffee so it should be up from here.
Yeah. I usually pushed back. I had an appointment I think in june and I had that push back because I was like, there's no way I don't want to go get covid. But now I'm just I mean yeah, I think they're being pretty safe about it. I think they've kind of had time you make the preparations that they need. At least. I hope so. I mean, well hopefully I don't die. What have you been up to you today? How's your day going?
Oracle database? Is that uh I'm taking web development but that has
not that is not related to anything that I've seen that I would have to go through. So is that a specific like just 18 specific
or what? What
is it?
So SQL is sequel. I always thought that was squirrel for some reason and I'm glad that you're here correcting me, and I've never had to say it out loud, but Mhm.
Do you work uh what do you, is this what you do for a living and you're just getting like more knowledge to go deeper into it, or are you trying to pivot into a new career Or is this just
one
and that just like in keeping up databases? That's the field.
All right. I've there's so many jobs available in technology and I just kind of started going with web development because my friends sent me uh something that just like this web page to show you like the ins and outs of the beginnings of programming. It was really fun. But I don't think I'm going to stay in web development, but I feel like all those skills like html CSS javascript, they're going to be useful for thinking down the line, but I just like javascript such a hard way to train my brain to think about things. Just the way computers interact in general
is a little bit to get my head around.
Um Well, I was I'm taking is it you did me or you did me? It's a I'm taking a web development course on there, and then I've gotten to, I guess an intermediate javascript project and I felt like I didn't really have the information from what she had given me because it's such a comprehensive course. I decided to take a break and I'm doing like a whole deep dive into javascript, just so I can kind of understand that from the ground up, and not just for the project, so right now, yes,
focusing on job this group.
Um I think I have uh some mturk apps through Grease monkey. Yeah,
yeah.
How'd that go?
What were you trying to make the scripts for?
Yeah. Yeah, I don't really uh mturk hasn't been paying off as much recently, but I did get stacks, which is a free version of I think something that people pay for, which is like a
it's an auto hit grabber and that has made it a lot, like definitely doubly as lucrative as it was, but it's strictly because I couldn't, like I asked the guy on one of the mturk forums, I told him that someone had told me about the script they were selling and he was a total ass about it. He was like, yeah, we can talk about it later. And then he just never responded to me. I was like, okay, I guess I'll just Get the Free one. But
have you tried user testing?
No, it's just user testing dot com every time Is at least $10. And you're just basically they want you to walk through websites. So Lemma graphics, you would just Do what they tell you and kind of read it aloud and they're wanting to see how people interact with their websites and just usability I guess. And some some are 30, some are 90 like you can make decent money after that.
Yeah. Some girl on another one of these that I was doing told me about it and it's actually it's been pretty good money.
Yeah. And prolific is better than mturk I've found and I guess
as
many people use it either. I don't, I can't tell why it's better.
Yeah it does. I've noticed that there was one that was like broken the beginning of it and I wrote them an email and they just like fixed it within like 10 minutes. So I think they have a really good system, but I don't understand why mturk can't get it together. I guess. They just don't care, basis has no real reason to care about anything except his empire of deliveries table delivered from him today. So I can't good about it. But
you know, have
you dealt with tendinitis at all? I don't know. I guess you probably use your computer a lot. You're programming.
How long does it take that to go away? I just recently started having it and I'm pretty sure it was just like a combination of using like programming, doing stuff during the day and then guitar and push ups, but it's just like not really going away. Yeah.
That's not helpful. That doesn't sound part. Did you get an economic keyboard or anything?
I'm going to try one of those vertical mouse is I think. Right,
what do you have? Which one do you have? I was looking at uh different ones over the weekend,
so you do like hold it? Yeah, that's a vertical. How is it to get used to?
Yeah, I just don't want so I have to get surgery and like five years. That would shitty mostly because I don't know if how it afford it, but hopefully by then we'll have some sort of health care that's better than a couple.
Uh Yeah, I've heard of it. I don't. Is that are you making money that way? Thank
you.
But it's accurate.
Yeah, I don't think I've tried that, but I don't know how that would work with programming.
I don't know. I just think that he don't I've been trying to lay off it for about a little over a month and I decided to just get a brace for try that for like a week and see if that kind of toast and I got a desk. I wasn't using a desk. So I think my posture is generally pretty crappy to, I just probably a lot of things that need to change like the better keyboard, better mouths because I'm using like a laptop. So I have no art, like risk support or anything and just like bend pumped over on my couch. Probably not the best.
I think one thing that I was kind of concerned about when I was looking at like the mouse and the keyboard is compatibility with Catalina, but I guess I'll figure that out. Just I saw that a lot. We're not compatible and you had to get 3rd party software right? Hopefully in the next couple of months, the mouse that I'm looking at will have either a patch or some new software for it
is the newest uh, Mac. Os. Yeah. I kind of wish I had never gotten a mac even though I love the laptop. I really do. I have an unnatural love for it. But it's just it's really annoying. I already have to get a new, like a USB port converter because they got rid of USB for some reason and it's just see. So I just don't understand Apple's logic other than just like try to make as much money as they can on everything.
Yeah, the compatibility issues I think are pretty big. But Uh huh.
I'm hoping to build a desktop soon so I won't have to worry about that. And I can just use my laptop for like, yeah, other things, fun things I guess just games or something. Probably not games, but maybe it'll be worthless when I get a desktop. I don't know.
I found that with a lot of things surprisingly when I go to the doctor like I have this weird little bruise or something on my leg that I've had for, I think three years and I told the doctor about it and he was just like, I don't know does it hurt? I'm like, no, it's like, well I guess we'll just keep watching. And I'm like, yes, I am watching it. But I'd like to like, am I dying? Is this gonna was my leg to get cut off in the next three years? Just it baffles me sometimes how little doctors know and how much we pay them. Just like I need you to either, no, a lot or not make so much money you need about here. Oh
yeah.
book would probably be better because it would probably be written by someone who had a bear interest in the subject and not such a comprehensive knowledge. I think it's just repetitive stress though and I don't know I guess I'll have to learn how to strengthen the muscles. I think I was doing like More push ups and I don't have great formats. Like I broke my collarbone when I was 18 so I have some sort of weird funky right arm and I think I just I'm not strong enough to do the things that I was trying to do all at once but I'll figure it out hopefully or I'll just get a robot arm
and that
will too also expensive I guess. But maybe they have a armed program where they want people to sign up to test out the robotics.
I have to
look through that. Maybe I'll do that anyways. Yeah. Would you replace any of your body parts with robotics?
This
technology
is not advanced.
Would you live forever if you could replace everything with robotics? Right.
Yeah. Look let's not, I'm not going to be able to tell you how that works. So let's just pretend that it does work. That's been disbelief. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know what kind of society we're going to have in the future. It would be nice in a good society but I don't know where we're going right now. Mhm.
just elected donald trump. Well hopefully not twice but once is enough to tell me that society needs a little work before I want to live in it forever. Do you live in the north? Yeah.
Yeah. I'm in D. C.
Delaware. I know nothing about Delaware. I don't think I've even met anyone from Delaware. What do you guys do this?
is it like nice nature areas or?
Yeah because I'm just just thinking about Delaware, I don't even know what kind of industry you guys have or I assume it's a liberal state because it's Northeast but that's pretty much all I would assume about it other than maybe lots of nice wooded areas. They don't even know why I would think that.
Yeah. That's interesting.
Mhm. two part does not have a good
reputation. Do they have a lot of chemical plants there or just the headquarters?
That's interesting. Wonder what the soils like. Like are these chemical plants? Where are they located? Are they? Is there a definite, is it a far away from the suburbs or? Uh huh. Near
places where people live
like soil pollution or air pollution or just all pollution?
That's crazy to think back when these companies started, it was kind of like the Wild West and they didn't have to worry about affecting people's health because I think I read a story about a guy that's a Uh huh. I don't I think he was a corporate lawyer, but he went up against Dupont because they were, some of their workers were getting cancer and it was a huge uh lawsuit that he won, I think one of the largest environmental lawsuits in the country. But that's how I remember do point or that's all. I always think of them. Cancer. Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't
either. And I think it was from like the teflon they put in pans to probably just like eating the cancer teflon when I was a kid because I don't think any of our parents knew about it. Because
there's something.
You get for now. I don't know. I feel like everything's trying to kill us. Yeah.
Yeah. But doing a very poor job of it. It's just a very lazy murder of the race.
I mean, I wish they would put some effort in. Just well, thanks for wishy washy. Yeah. All right. Well, um, I think our time is up,
but it was awesome to talk to you. Uh, Thanks
for
having
me
and everything.
Have a good Damon. Or after
your night.
Night? Yeah, afternoon.
I don't know. You have a good one.
Bye.