Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I can hear you a little bit. Uh can you hear me okay? You sort of low uh let's say a few words and maybe I can figure out where the volume is. Uh Hi there uh I blow in my sink, you see me?
Okay? Great, well hi, nice to meet you. My name is Carol. What's yours
Bradley? Okay. Nice to see you. Uh I usually teach, so that's why I'm in this funny looking room. Uh So how are you today?
glad to hear that. Uh Do you do these surveys very often?
do you usually do? My God,
Okay, so you're not working now?
Okay. How do you feel about working with all those people?
That's true, that's true. My younger brother worked at a corner store when he was young and he got held up so I know what you're talking about.
Did you ever take a first aid or cpr
good
enough.
So
how's the weather today?
Big?
I'm in florida's it's just it's hot a lot and miserable.
So what was some are going to be before the pandemic? What were you going to do?
Looks
that's true. Are you going to school? Mhm.
you know it's great because you can stay at home and you can make some money um Bradley did you turn your camera off for? Did I just lose the picture?
It's very
We've got the silhouette going and we got some headphones. It's uh
kind of neat. There you are there You are
still
excellent. So what do you do for fun?
Um I teach english to chinese students so they're in china and I'm here and uh I get on the computer in the morning and uh we learn english together.
Yeah, it's hard to learn a different language.
The kids are pretty good that I get but they start really early and thats the trick if you start early, apparently it's easier to learn.
I know exactly. What what how old were you when you took spanish 10? Okay. So what do you still got a good chance of learning? Are you going to continue with Spanish do you think?
hmm.
it's
changed the world a lot. Uh what are you planning to do? But
How do you feel because of it? I mean uh you still see your friends too,
Oh no, don't worry about it. What we've got to, we've got to connect with people. So are you at home with your family? As in are you in the same home
first?
well it's it's a different time that we're going through, that's for sure. What did you have any idea what you want to do as a career? What you've done?
Could
you help me with my green screen? When uh
but uh this is just a shower curtain, but I'm trying to I'm trying to set up my my computer so I could do a lot more fancy stuff. Uh You have any
questions?
uh the programs I use, they haven't built in, I just have to push a button, but I'm trying to figure it out for myself. So what games do you play? Do you do virtual reality? Do you just do you do group games online? Yeah.
Listen.
I
don't
know. Sure, thank goodness.
Now there's I mean, I can't imagine going through this when I was your age and we wouldn't have had computers and all we had was the telephone and you couldn't see your friends. I couldn't imagine it uh It sucks in a lot of ways. At least at least we have their phones and uh
Wait
what?
it's uh it takes some getting used to uh I'm all set up for my class, but before I did this, so I just had the little thing like you have and I was like half the time I would turn it off. Yeah. What?
Yeah.
Do you like to uh look at gadgets like for the for the computing, for your games and things? Uh
I like
I like whatever gadget works for me, the rest of it, I don't care.
So
you
know when all this is over, do you do you ever travel? Do you like the idea of traveling something will want?
Yeah. Sometimes we go see your family and take care of that. It's okay.
Oh no, don't bother with that.
I
do too.
And they take your phone number and they make it look like your phone number.
that's what you gotta do. You gotta do. It's uh have you ever accidentally picked it up?
I
don't
know.
So what did he say to you?
Yeah. I just block them. And that way they go I am go ahead.
So I got a call once when I was traveling in Canada and he claimed he was from the Tax Department and the police said my name is Sergeant Murphy and they're going to come arrest you. But sergeant Murphy had a very heavy indian accent. I think it I don't think so. Bye bye. We're going to arrest you know? You're not. Oh.
huh.
I'm sorry.
Mhm.
No,
it's just any time there's money I just uh angry up.
No.
Now.
Oh very unhappy. That would not be good at all. That was crazy. This uh what uh have you ever done the face to face? Um Certainly not on prolific before. Mhm.
Thank
you.
no, no.
man. Oh man.
Yeah technology can easily mess us up.
Well I'm uh I'm retired
and I want to make a few extra dollars so I do the teaching and I found it and I started to do it a couple of years ago just slowly with surveys and then I started getting a lot more offers. So uh I did do one of these on camera once before and I find it's interesting because you get to read all kinds of people. Yeah.
now
it's uh it's better if you do something for yourself for sure, that's great, I'm sure you weren't expecting to talk to someone who could be your grandmother, but
well thank you, that's one way of looking at it, of course, you know more about different things.
you
Mhm. Okay, he's going to go on there.
no, and it's better not to try, I had the same experience with my mother in law who is 91 and we tried
to give
her a smartphone, but she just wanted the plain one, so uh yeah and actually she still has a regular phone, you know the type that plug in the wall and you pick up and say hello.
uh well she kind of has to because she has a lot of trouble with the cell phone. So we just said, okay, keep you safe for having one of these phones, but the telemarketers love those phones. No,
it's
easy to use those minutes.
I
can't keep track of, oh,
it's uh it's quite a world if some of my chinese students, I have an old phone, I show it to them and they say they've never seen one. I said, did your grandmother have one, says no, Even grandma has a smartphone. So uh kind of kind of funny to talk to them about that. Oh
I've been pretty, you should see some of the things they have and I'm like, wait a minute I have that. It was made just down the street. Mm
Uh huh. You know, technology is one thing, one thing that you like to talk to the kids they always like to talk about is food. So what's your favorite food?
but always
fresh
and always handmade, Right? Uh huh. No.
All
trying
to go vegan. You've had enough chicken. Yeah.
What part of the country do you live in if you don't mind telling me?
Yes, but like a north, south, east west.
Okay. Midwest, my husband's from the midwest. What state?
Okay. Alright, anywhere near Chicago? All
Well,
Pretty
good location. I mean, it's nice because you're near the city, but you're not in it. It's kind of the best of all world.
wow. That's a that's a lot of people. Okay,
wow. Hey, how about that? We made our 25 minutes. It's been nice talking to you.
Okay? Take the stay safe. And,
I hope things work out soon. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. I guess we just accept, Yeah, let's, uh, let's just give another 30 seconds. Make sure we hit our 25 minutes. I'm gonna let it switch over to 26. There we go. Okay. I think we are going to be, uh, I used to work in television, so I would time things. Okay?