Hi I can see you
Bradley.
I'm doing very very good. Yeah.
Um Yeah dude this is uh um what I'm doing for right now because of the whole pandemic and everything manage.
a music part time at a grocery store
not working, not working now simply uh the store just did not decide open up to but this um until a little bit more time has passed and it's a little bit safer.
I feel safe. I mean what it's better to have like many people working then. Um 11 person working with this I mean but you never know what to happen.
Yeah that's that's why I will always just feel like um uh just have more people because it's probably a better idea that more people more safer. I don't know. I mean I don't know people might know cpr our something they other people won't know. Yeah. Yeah
I
am not because I did not
need that in. I don't need to give CPR
so I did not take your course and that
um kind of kind of Saudi storming
where I am. Yeah.
I feel like uh never before.
Uh oh work very much. Uh
Apple family. What? That's it. Anything like everyone's the same what it's like, I mean if you're working like sit out today, 78 hours, you only have so much time.
Currently I'm in my my I just got done with my second year of high school. No, I'm just doing this first met extra a little extra. I mean what?
You just lost the picture. That's right.
I have
and
yeah, I was like, well I must not like Nigeria. So I
mean part of thoughtful sake weather. So I mean, you know, some people use the night tonight so you can't expect the best of things.
Um Sometimes play games sometimes to handle family. Sometimes this from ever. If I'm really bored this my built might be fun. Uh huh. What do you teach?
nice. And I did a little on a course of spanish. That's so I know I know a bit of spanish but I'm way more full in english.
It ain't easy. But I heard that influences it's my girl. Really hard language so.
Mhm. Yeah. Just don't you have like more time because your starting weight. I don't know your second certain. Um I don't know. They end up probably somewhere in the middle school is probably the best time. Um But you don't want to get them to young but you don't want to get them. I don't know when they're about to freaking graduate.
But it's a possibility. Um Mhm. I'm not not really sure
at this point. What? I don't even know how like the beginning I'm not serious gonna be because of this
on Kerry crazy stuff.
Um Mostly try and do this. Um I don't know. Keep on top of keep on top of things, make sure everything's good. Um uh Maybe play some games. I mean I have no idea what this summer gonna be like. Uh I mean what this has been. You got amount right here. We just I mean what? Yeah.
Um Pretty pretty much very quarantine. Just what I would say. I mean I am a mask on quite a lot in this room. Maybe Made at least 10 hours a day. I mean it's been good sleeping would be not good sleeping. I'm sorry about that. How is my phone going off?
Um I'm with
one other person. I'm with my father. That's uh I don't want I don't really pretty much I made a decision because a Mhm. It means I don't need to be mentioned. I was I was like um well up uh be with him for so a little bit of time
but I'm gonna say the possibilities. Um Something involved in I. T. I'm pretty much I'm pretty knowledgeable on that type of field I'm with um perhaps and promoting mm stuff
that wouldn't really make sense. The
it.
would
have no idea how they have been doing it, I would have no idea how to do. What about I've never used a dream trying to be honest. Uh huh.
Sometimes in my view um like normal council games, sometimes virtual reality. Um Some sometimes
I'll just play something on my phone if I'm really that bored mostly I will work out
social
media.
Well I've listened to it in the bathroom. It's not so yeah, might sound unhealthy to be like, oh yeah, you're I'm on like Youtube for like 10 hours and we for something around that, but most of that province on the background.
Yeah. Just when you're least, well I guess you would pretty much we um talented people but with you'll be talking to them with you would be discharging film. Like I'm the telephone. Yeah, I do have a phone right here. Oh wow, I'm like over trying to put over on the side of my computer screen was like well dug, put it by the freaking webcam.
That's a
it's just a such a laptop. There is no, it's myself about this, that's why I'm trying to use this because um it's not a lot worse than trying to use a what? A laptop, microphone, like quiet. I mean you can barely eur europe was like um I'll try, you know, it's more than still presentation books, audio and um yeah, that took like three hours more intense. Shut off.
Oh there is no new button, that's at all. It's a pretty
pair of headphones that I paid $10 for. That's what, that's what this is. It ain't nothing.
Sometimes, yes, sometimes it's like I don't care
hospital.
Yeah, long as long as you have what works
doesn't really matter. I was in the video.
All
Pretty pretty much it. I don't really travel at all. I mean I went pretty much what what I traveled is so Vegas sex,
yep. I'm telling my dear ni answering it.
Oh believe me, I get
too many calls. Yeah. 10
times a day.
Yeah. I know. Yeah, pretty much idea. It's always the same record. I was like, nope. I'm even, I've bought um so many of them is like at this point I was, I'm like, I don't want into the phone. I was it someone in my contacts?
Yes, I have done that.
I don't
know.
Yeah. Like one time was like mm that sounds like never. It's like, I don't know, like stupidly early. I don't know. It's like 4:00 in the freaking morning. I was like, yeah, I was angry.
um They were they were like, well pretty much it was like a telemarketer slide stamp. Okay. Yeah. The biggest, it's even course they're like, you want to refund? Um Yeah, but I know that was um and that certain I hang up the phone and hit the block one and I went back to bed.
No, you go ahead.
Um Yeah, so I have to send you something via the mail. Yeah.
So yeah, we did something to get the mail like that Woods official
then. Yeah you're that is, yeah.
You will actually get arrested but I need my phone. They ain't gonna give you a phone call. They know you will rescue. Oh yeah you have to pay 4000 or
5000 or whatever. It's amount of wine.
Yeah. I was like I'd rather just talk to the burden police and set and I'll pay, I'll pay them, I'll pay for that if I know that was actually true.
But then then have them this gas and be like, nope, I don't really want them. It's money going down the drain me, you know a little unhappy. I
can't tell what I'm happy. Very.
I have not knowing time don't face to face was for for school that was the zoom.
I'm
never I did this once and of course. But yeah the time it just has to be the perfect time for my power to go out. Yeah.
the perfect time. And it took like two hours of like well okay thursday five since what?
that very on what it was like God. And then I tried to I explained it to them and I never got a reply back. Yes. Never done bad.
How did you for getting into by this this type
chris
It is interesting. It was like you know what? Uh Sure because I was like it was like I was like trying I was trying to do the like everything is fast because I was like in the middle of sometimes like put flip flip like because I was trying a little I was just making sure I was helping my dad was some tempting not pain and it wasn't, it's a complete
pain.
Yeah. Uh It's interesting. What? No way. No, like three times as much as me. I mean because you've been a live way longer than me.
Yeah, well more. I mean, I mean, what If I made my grandfather it's
somehow alive. He's 82.
Yeah, but yeah, if you try and give them a smartphone, it's just all right. You cannot explain to him at all. I mean, he's born into a foot phone. You can't change that.
All
changes
Oh, she had she is valid. Uh
I've heard of heard about that. I mean, I mean, but I know me, I have. I've just heard that I've never used the landline. I've seen one. I've never used the landline. I've only I've only used as far back as a folk phone. And I used that for like three years. My parents something that was responsible enough For of smartphone at that point. They're like uh you got like 500 minutes,
they're like 300 tats. Okay. And
pretty much I didn't need to call anybody else, I didn't know anybody else. Well at that time and know pretty much if I needed to talk to somebody, I don't go on my computer and and I go and use like facebook or instagram or any other. Tell us any of the other like
20 social media's that are out there that I don't know about.
can't, he tried to them either.
Yeah, obviously. Uh and it's probably they probably like, we haven't seen that, but it's only in a bathroom because everything's like made in china or.
because but I mean it ain't really good for because of all the like pollution and everything.
Um to be honest um I don't really have a favorite food, I mean but I'm an italian mother, so home pretty much. Yeah, I don't know if you think of what pasta or anything, I mean they've had it like way too many times to count or chicken. Um Yeah,
he didn't
know,
yeah, she would always drive around some frozen chicken from the grocery store. I was like oh jesus, I don't I don't worry,
I don't want to be checking for 34 years and I did that and I was very much regret that now. A little bit of I I don't I don't have to I don't think everything checking again for like that's 20 years probably. I
wouldn't I wouldn't doubt that.
Uh
um I'm actually in the same kind of part part as you because I'm in the US.
Midwest.
Illinois.
mean it's like an
hour from here. I didn't say it sitting but yeah it's like it's like a smaller city but I don't know it's like maybe a sub serb of no it's definitely not a suburb. I mean it's like its own place but yeah it's like an hour drive or right it's like four hours in ST louis or your eight hours Missouri. Yeah. Well three
that have been to.
Yeah because it's like a smaller city that's around Chicago Roy because I mean What the population here is like 140,000. I mean you know I was probably over knowing at least.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
29,000 to you as well.
I will stay safe.
No let me see what happens. Yeah.