report. Mhm. You can have it. Yeah. Mm. Home chosen this time. Yeah. Yeah. I
should turn you up a little bit. Really? No,
not too bad. How about you?
Okay, I'm busy. I'm 22 and I'm doing school and part time work here and there. I'm gonna. I think
he's
disappeared.
Mm What is that?
I am in my last like three classes. I'm almost done with my um Bachelors, An integrated design with a minor in multimedia.
You extend.
That's cool.
it depends on like what your little niches. Because in my degree it depends on who's doing what. So in my case it's multimedia. And with that it's a lot of like editing, videography, graphic design, kind of that general world. And then design part. It's just like how you apply that. How do you talk to customers? What kind of stuff do you use? What's the process of that whole deal?
Yeah. It's a pretty popular like freelance type field. I don't
know.
It's pretty cool. Yeah. It definitely depends on how much work you want to put into it because freelancing is a lot more work, but it's also like super flexible hours and ruling over. You were just super nice to
And you can accept the jobs that you want to do. Oh and I'm in Washington by the way. I don't think I said.
I mean,
So you've basically been to Washington? Yeah.
What?
that's free.
Believe me.
Okay. Also, your video isn't showing up. I don't know.
Yeah. I start at the very beginning and then it just like stopped. Like I can hear everything you're saying, but look
facebook profile without a photo. No.
Yeah. I don't know what they use for what they need. So.
I know.
Yeah. They started like their whole own thing. I'm very curious about what they're looking for with all of these.
I've done a couple. Yeah.
Yeah. You're like as much as I can like someone I've known half an hour. I don't know.
Well,
shoot
it.
We
were in it. So
like cooking
like
so
we got stuff to do.
No.
you're like, hmm.
I'm
sorry. I'm raking it in
unemployment.
Mhm. Dude, the captures are so weird. I feel like some of them are just rigged.
I don't really know what of us is
pretty
properly.
No,
no.
On
the rent.
There we go. Is that the ultimate goal is
be a therapist?
Then
Uh huh. Yeah. And there's no one like above you, you don't have to try to climb the ladder. This is it. I'm done. Don't
do this.
Come on.
We cannot
fix each other. We have patients.
I don't know.
Right. I'd imagine
lot of like I want to do this to help people like me kind of stuff.
I almost, I kind of wanted to be a nurse for a little while because I have type one diabetes and I remember having a really cool diabetic nurse and, was like. but because of other health stuff, I can't do stuff much.
Right. I feel like because um I don't know, as in America it's so common type to at least a super common. So I feel like people are just kind of like, oh yeah, that's just another little healthy. But it, yeah, it affects like every area of your life. It's, it like it affects your mental because of all of the physical that's going on. It affects like what you can do in a day. It affects how much energy you have, it affects depending on how far it goes, it can affect your eyesight, your kidneys, your bonus lee. Mhm,
Thanks.
It is not fun right now, I'm in the middle of trying to get onto like another healthcare because because of covid my family, my family is like small businesses doing real bad so we can't afford health insurance. So we're trying to get on like some sort of ST stuff until
better. And so my mom called and was like, so we don't have health insurance right now, you
might look. And I was like, okay,
I'm in the process of applying for something really similar. It's called like Molina. It's like a, I think it's just for Washington state. It sounds,
yeah. And then through them we can keep seeing our same providers until
and,
and
yeah. So I was like, come on.
I
don't bring
it up.
And
It's so time consuming and half the time I'm just like, I don't care. Just give me a doctor. I'll see if I like them. I don't, I don't know this.
So this is real, This is what's going on. It's from not making it up. We already tested for this. So your move
and
you.
With me. No.
Well
done.
I know half the time you just have to like call to and say, I don't want to pay this. And they'll be like, okay, you can pay like whatever percent engineer like
no.
I'm
pretty like I'm pretty down the middle. A lot of like both sides. I'm like, well do something with this in that little.
Oh my gosh,
What a twist.
Good
for you.
You
do
do.
Oh my gosh. That's like
how right now I'm doing a, I have two part time jobs. One of them is like remote and the other ones in person at like a local, well I guess it's across the country. It's total line. It's like an alcohol store.
And um, and they're doing like really good
right now during the pandemic, which is super thing.
The
food.
Why
do
you want this? Should?
Yeah. And it's got it all like on file and asked you all those questions even before any of the surveys about yourself. What's that?
But
what,
This is like the only survey site I trust anymore. Remember trying like, like, you know, a little more shady type ones before and
Well
I know it's been around a while and so people are kind of okay with it, but it also,
Oh yes, I am.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Some of the things people post about how much they made that month.
Do they have a job like, is that their job? They,
sometimes
I'm like
you,
Yeah. Yeah. I don't quite get that one either. I think I try
to briefly and I was like, no, but
if
Mhm
you can do all that work and then end up with nothing.
Yeah, prolific is super secure and then any time there's like something shady or like underpaying you, you just report it and it's usually um so
yeah.
Like, yeah, I'll take it,
Pink,
Mm hmm. No, No one here
no.
yeah, it's really why not? I'm home.
I am,
What?
Stop
something.
Yeah. Then you buy like a thing of ships and you're like, yeah, got this from program.
Uh this is basically free.
Yeah, that's how I feel too. Even with prolific.
Okay. I feel that even though I've spent all the time during this series, I'm sure, is that gonna do? Oh God, shut up computer, Don't know what's doing. Okay. But even if it's like uh I spent time doing it, I'm like otherwise I would have been watching youtube or just waiting. Yeah.
Exactly. Like I would not have spent that wisely no
watch. Yeah.
Anyone.
I would have anyways.
No.
Yeah. How do you feel about adam?
I'm voting him out. I'm sorry. You know,
involved.
Why?
I'm
just kidding.
So weird
one adam sure. Uh huh.
she's on me right now. Mhm.
She's
grunting because I woke her up
smoky. She is
half Pomeranian mochi. Yeah.
The
hat
on.
could have been twinning right now.
Is it half Pomeranian? Half miniature pincher?
Very light.
Mhm. Yes, I love her little tail when she's happy. It's like a like, curls, but it goes over itself, that's like a loop,
Mhm It's
annoying
now.
I remember years ago, I almost got my dad to get me a cat named Logan and he had three legs and I was like, oh dad, he has three legs.
Is that super role that no one's adopted? It? I'll take,
it's something about like underdog pets? You're like no one's loving you or you have trauma.
And
you just let that happen, huh
that's
your
time.
and
Thinking that her sibling? No.
mhm I'd be really good because it's like a, it's a superpower you actually want, you'll get it like an actual job out of it and you can just hang out with pets all day.
Perfect
Called
sending
it. Did you take her for a walk this morning saying you?
Oh yeah, You did a lot of anonymous like animal abuse calls. You're instantly.
Water.
I don't view
of that.
What?
No.
What?
Great is really
true.
That's like a third of everyone's pets.
Hi
I'm wrong, regardless. Sh
she
needs
You're like, I really wonder how jen is doing right now?
No,
making salads. Walking dogs.
Well,
hi there, What?
Living
alone
with the random dude. That's uh super uncomfortable.
well,
do you feel
it?
Yeah. You know the dogs are like mhm.
I will be very junior.
Finger
who?
Margareta.
Our she
knew.
Wait
so why did
you end
up
in my child's position?
Why did you end up like accepting that job?
She
got what?
Hello Cat.
No.
That's what happened to mine to it ends up starting up like a pet show and tell
thing. And she
I love it. It's my favorite.
What
show
you're happy You're the
reason I was getting you couldn't show a little chicken?
I'm gonna go talk about you in the
other room now.
It
feels like it feels like
my evaluation. That's what it reminds me of.
Like
a teacher about the situation. But for their whole life you're like, oh. Uh huh.
Do they have depression?
I appreciate it.
It's alive, but I appreciate it.
that's not a fair
question.
hmm.
I'll
be
so few beth you're not you're in right now.