Hello.
How are you?
I'm good. Uh so my name is Hannah, I'm 24 and I'm a social worker in Kansas City.
What
are
you even more?
What are you in school for?
That's so weird. The last person that I did one of these chats with was in um something kind of like that user experience if you don't I didn't know what that was until I talked to them but I thought it was kind of interesting.
That's funny. So what what
kind of work do you do with a degree like that? Mm.
It was So can you do like freelance work doing stuff like that?
That
well that I would want to do freelance if I did something like that. I feel like
Yeah. And it sounds like maybe you could like a more creative direction that you wanted to go to because you were going to yourself, you know? That'd be cool.
Oh cool. I love that part of the world.
I haven't really been to Washington. I've never been to war again, but I really wanted it.
I know it is over here. I'm like, have you been to the midwest? Great. You've been to Missouri,
you know? Well, where is it?
Um I'll just realize I didn't start a timer. Let me start a timer just
so we know
my video isn't sure not.
that's weird.
Uh huh. That's funny. I don't know how to fix that. I don't know if they really care or
um when I first heard this, I assumed it would be like Sam or something like that, but this is like their own software. It's really
weird.
Um So have you not done one of these before?
So you've done like all the questions afterwards made me feel so weird. They were like, you like them? I was like coming up
my last person and I really got into some I'm pretty quick to like being in like the mental health profession. I'm pretty quick
to like doing in there, you know? So, but we're like talking about childhood drama, stuff
like that.
But they were like, how vulnerable did you get? I was like, oh, we were we were
going in.
They didn't even want to stop talking though. And I was like, oh, I mean It's
25 minutes.
No,
I'm trying to make a buck here.
So are you, is everyone in here off of prolific? Is that where you found this study? Okay. They kicked me off yesterday for having non human activity on my account.
I think because I made a lot of money off of it the other day. Yeah,
I'm sorry, certainly good at this prolific. I'm
so sorry.
But I just, I
like didn't have anything to do all day. So I was just sitting there with refreshing the page, just taking like every survey I could. But I kept failing to capture things for no reason though.
You too. Because I was like, it would be like find all the buses. I'm like, great, okay, I know what a book looks like. And then they would tell me like that I didn't do it. I was like, what I did.
It takes me like four
trial,
who are
I
guess I didn't mention, I'm also in school,
I go
to the university of Kansas and I'm studying social work. So I have, I have wait this year and then a year left and they will have my master's degree and then I can get license to do therapy
change.
Yes. And then the ultimate goal after that is to have private practice. So that's
why I kind of grew up freelance because that that's like the freelance of therapy. I just think it would be so nice to just work for myself and it's not even about like the hours and all that kind of stuff. Although that's like a really nice bonus. So much of it is just that I would I would get to create the work culture because I'm the work culture,
don't like
living in that kind of stuff. Opportunity weird. Even my social work, you would think that that stuff like wouldn't show up so much,
but it shows up constantly. It's and like people's trauma, their own trauma shows up in their work and that's really hard to deal with. And then if you have a bunch of traumatized people are working under wonder tested.
time,
you know, honestly it's wild.
It's wild. But I also understand it. Like the reason that most of us get into this field is because we have our own experience
some way or another.
Yeah, I'm totally.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I have a friend right now who has been like talking a lot about having diabetes and how it's like a chronic health condition. I don't know why I never thought of it as like really fitting into that like chronic illness community. But now that I know that I'm like, of course it does.
Yeah, it's man, it's a hard illness. And she also educated me the other day.
I didn't know there were different kinds of insulin had no. And she was like, she's been like trying all these different kinds and has been having like a lot of problems and make some are so expensive. I just it's just wild when you like get a glimpse into someone else's life and something like that and you're just like, that affects so much of you. Not so hard. And our health care system sucks.
Well yeah.
No.
Have you applied for like, um, like the marketplace? Like Obamacare?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Oh, that's
man.
That's like really important.
I have switched insurance so many times over the years because I've been on Obamacare,
which I love.
Like
it's the best and I'm so thankful that that still exists because I
thought was sure we were gonna lose it. But, and I've had to switch it like a lot of times because it's a marketplace. I mean everything just changes all the time. So I've like lost, gotten doctors lost them. And then the process of finding a new doctor is the worst.
Yeah. And the way that women are treated in health care, I'm just like, hey, so are you gonna believe me?
It's a whole mess. I just applied on my
credit
karma account. I just applied for them to take off a debt that I've had for a while Because I wasn't 18. So I'm very confused about how it even happened. But I mean there was like a problem with my insurance. So they build me a full $400 and I never got it. So I never paid it. And then it just showed up on my credit when I was an adult and I was like yeah
but the way that all that works is so confusing because You can just be like I'll
pay like 20% of it. And the debt collectors like cool thanks, that's enough. It's done.
I don't understand that.
I literally don't understand it.
I don't know where you lie politically, but I have a feeling that you may be a little more liberal.
Well
I get that. Um So I just made me think of something I just saw on the Daily show with Trevor Noah, where this guy went to a trump rally and talk to them about like how their business is doing and stuff. And this guy was just like, I've been doing better in the last four years that I've ever done. And he's like an older guy and he's like, what's your business? And he's like, oh, I'm a debt collector.
It was so funny. I was like, um
yeah, of course you're doing great because the rest of the world is suffering that your business is doing really well. That's
literally
the
nature
of
the business.
What?
Who,
what?
yeah. I have a lot of the prolific surveys I noticed have been talking about like how much have you been drinking lately? How much if you have something you need? I'm like those. I don't prolific I think is really to me it seems really secure and
I am
really honest on my surveys, but they get a little bit nervous where I'm like, should I
be
on
or they just like ask for a lot of information and I'm just like,
But
I want to think that I can trust it and it comes like a lot of
those are really reputable university. They have consent forms and stuff. I feel like the right way.
Oh man. So homer rough. I'm kind of doing some swag books stuff right now
and that's, that's really weird. I just can't decide how I feel about it. Okay.
I subreddit beer money.
Yes. Oh my God, I wanted so much from that site.
okay. That's upset me. Especially with the mturk, like the amazon, like 800 to $1000 a month. Once I
I've wondered that I've looked at people's profiles a little bit to do a little digging. Like, okay, how how what are you doing?
And it's
like
you just a fit a really good demographic that they want and being who either work from home or don't work, so you just do that. But I like, I went to do the mturk one and then the application kind of scared me out, so I didn't do it
great.
And
they said that like people can reject you on their, like just because you accept a task
doesn't mean that they're going to accept your word. I'm like, what?
Yeah, I'm not willing to do that. Probably very guaranteed. It's like, most of the time it's within a day or two.
Yeah, they're really good. I had one the other day where um,
there was just like a technical glitch and then they made me return it and then they still paid me because I've gotten through over half of it. I was like, thanks.
Yeah. I feel like they do a really good job even though they think I'm a robot. Really not.
But they still haven't responded to my inquiry about that. I was just like, because I wasn't sure if I was going to get into my conversation today because I needed the email in my prolific, but they didn't know me and for whatever reason, I opened up on my phone, but I can't get on my desktop. I don't know what they're doing,
but I'm sure they have a lot of people on
prolific right now because until like routine, I have never used prolific now. He's like daily.
Yeah. When I sit at my internship, even before
the kids get there, I'm just like grinding out some prolific. I'm like, well I'm not being paid to be here so I might as well get paid even
if it's $5,. it's usually
like
worth it.
I'm like, this is free,
that would literally feel about it. Also, any time I've had it makes me feel like, so this freak. I'm like, I just got this cash. I don't know. So I just like, usually I like sell something around my house or like something like that and then I'm just like, this feels free now because I just had that thing, I just sold it for money and now I'm getting something else.
Number is with money.
It's just time. I'm like, I was gonna wait that time anyway.
Yeah, exactly. I got the weirdest survey the other day. That was just me watching
Like oh my gosh, what's the word I'm looking for? It was like a video
for him to apply for survivor. I just have to watch it like him.
It was so weird. He was just like, hey man, my name is Adam and I'm applying to be on Survivor
and I want to see if I liked him,
but I hate him. I don't know why don't like him. I don't want to see him on Survivor.
But
that made me wonder like who put that survey up? Like was it him?
Like is he like that?
What was it like
management company that was trying to go on there? Like what is that?
It's very weird.
Um Okay. So I have to ask about pets because I have pets And I love my pets.
my goodness.
Who
home?
Room.
No. Oh my God.
My
Captain
Suki and I really wanted to name her emoji. But I got no money.
That's so funny.
Ooh!
So cute. You wreck your tail.
Oh my gosh, So mute.
We're looking at
adopting like
all dogs because we just, you know, apartment living. I feel like if we have a dog it should be small. So we were like looking at chihuahuas and I found one with like one eye and no teeth. Mhm.
What is it about? That? That really gets me too. I'm like, this is three legs. Something about it. I'm just like
sad.
so true. I talk about my pets having trauma all the time. Like they're traumatized because my one cat to her and her sibling when they were kittens. And the day of the people message me and they were like
our dog ate one of them, do you still want the other one? And I was like, oh my god, I'm on my way safe, I'm done. I so I like always joke. I'm like you saw your sibling die?
So anxious though. I'm like that this thing has to affect them. I really
believe
does
shoot literally walking around yelling right now. She's just an anxiety, a little kitty. Oh my god, she's freaking out, It's just jumping around,
just freaking out. Which is traumatized, aren't you?
no program and asked me what my superpower would be the other day if I could have one and I was like I would talk to animals so that I could be an animal therapist. Just help animals there.
It would be awesome.
Uh Cindy your dog,
She sounds something horrible, I can't tell you a patient confidentiality, but something
wrong,
that I report them for abuse and neglect.
my gosh, it's like funny to think about, but I also truly believe the animals like have they have emotions. I mean if you're like, if you are someone that really loves your pet, you know that they pick up on that stuff, they feel I worked for a spiritual animal healer for a while who was wild. She was the most loud person I've ever met
in my entire life. She
I
quit within three days because she scared me so
much. She was so nice to animals that she could not get along with people. She would, she was a rob vegan, which meant that she just ate salads basically, but he never told
me until I started that was my job to make the salads. So Hopman was just home the whole time and I made him, I'll never forget what the salad had in it. It was lettuce, tomato grape and red onion with no dressing. It was dancing and
then she was in the people think because there's
and a
dancing because she thinks dogs are dirty, but I'm like you're a spiritual healer.
I know, I was like what
the and she had a dog, that was her dog walker, that was literally my job. So I was like what is happening? She was so scary. But then I was like, I was just gonna be like her second person she'd hired, so the other girl was training me, so we took the dogs on a walk and this girl was like unwell, she was like yeah she's really mean. Um sometimes she yells at me and I have a master's degree but I'm just trying to make some money. I was like,
when I told him I was quitting, oh, Jenna told you bad things about us. Didn't see, well listen, she's fired. And I was like, no, no, I'm sorry. I just,
it's
me. I think about that all the time.
I really do, Jenna was dramatized. She was just wearing pajamas and bugs like walking these dogs.
I hate it here.
It was horrible
and I was supposed to get there like 6:00 AM. It was just weird.
The weirdest part though is that her husband was just there the whole time. She was like, yeah, I'll be at work, but you know, he'll just be here, sleep well, probably wake up when you're here. And I was like, I think that man is gonna do something weird. I'm no rub
me
around me.
I should have saved all of my like weird voicemails from her though, because she's like, she's like, the dogs loved you. I felt it in their spirits when you're around.
I was like,
well,
I'm very sorry to them. They didn't do anything wrong, but you're nuts.
They were like, please take out one of you. They're really crazy names to. They were like, really long. She was from brazil while we're there. One of the names. I always remember something so long. It was like, remember keto genia Yeah,
that's your new name. Your Brazilian now. Yes. Skype Sessions. So you could hire
her if
you wanted. Her name is something like margarita, margarita,
something like that. I don't know. She was so wild, so wild. I did not like that woman. I'm so
glad
I stuck to my guns and quit
fruit.
Some
of them
happy.
Sorry, what?
Oh, because I was on care dot com at the time and I like, I just love animals. So I was just trying to like, that was when I had first started college, because I'm on my second go round of college now. Um and I was just like, I just make some extra money and it was just advertise his dog walking like a normal. I was like, cool,
I can do that.
Yeah. But then it turned out to be that woman
that's close. She's so needy.
I'm like online classes right now and constantly my cats will just be like, mm, I'm like, hello, Thank you.
What?
Oh, there's
Yeah. I also love that. We have a couple of people in classes who have kittens right now, and I'm like, shut them, shut them to me. Actually, I'm starting a new class tonight and our professor said that she has like three chickens, two rabbits, three cats and two dogs. And
I was like, oh my
God, like, like Show me every single one. If tonight is not a tour, then I'm quitting school.
Well,
So true. Just show me the freaking chicken. Well, it was nice to meet you. I'm gonna go questions about you now,
literally.
And it feels like it was very
weird. I'll give you
high marks.
Yeah. It's like something that's like personal or like kind of like their character and I'm like, I don't
know.
Like, do you think they're emotionally stable? I was like, I don't know.
Do you think they're depressed? Do you think they need antidepressants? How much do you think they drink every night? Okay. I promise that I'll tell them that you are very emotionally stable.
What?
Okay. I'll be alive for me To who is emotionally stable right now. It's
not
a party for that. If you are then I don't know if you're really
rich or something. Something's going
well
for you.
True. Well it was nice to meet you.