Oh I can't hear you. I cannot hear you. I can't hear you. Yeah. Uh huh Let me tell them my volume. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay I still cannot hear you. Uh Yeah good.
And it happened in Okay Okay I can hear you now.
I can hear you now.
Hi.
Yeah all right. What happened before? I could not hear you before?
What
happened? I couldn't hear you before.
I can
hear you now. I can hear you what?
But
Have you have you have you tried updating your system your your laptop have you tried updating it?
Sure. But I think Microsoft rolled out some new updates, I
didn't
they
are
Um Okay I'm a computer engineer and I think okay I think you should go to your sentence uh device manager. What what what prison system is there? Which operating system is
that we understand? Window state? Okay. Um
I
don't know.
The
yeah but it's really weird. I mean
Group.
Uh huh. Okay. Sue. I mean why why would he happen now? Why shouldn't african now?
well for me I was I was I was to to have an interview yesterday but I'm not even sure he didn't show so I had to be scary for today and I'm glad to meet you. Yeah.
All right. I'm feeling
yes. Yeah, I don't know about uh
Okay. Okay. Okay. Um Okay. Um you know we were asked to speak for 25 minutes. Right, okay. Uh What do you think we can speak on? What do you think we'll be talking on?
Very
Um No, not really. I mean this this this is my second time dude, I'm doing this. Yeah, I've done this the first time I I had a conversation with someone and it was pretty cool. I mean I I enjoyed it and he actually uh said something about in that mention of donald trump and it was it was quite funny. Okay.
yeah yeah he talks with a guy, yeah he talks with a guy um john Harris, what's his name? I mean he he spoke about how um do now this is this very I don't know, I don't know, I don't know what we're to put the thing now. He was just so upset, he was angry doing trump. Everything has been I mean I mean but but really really uh ok you said you don't want to speak about politics? Okay lets do lets the movies. How about movies?
What's your fantasy movie?
Oh really? Yeah I do I do. I have a fantastic I need to I love horror movies.
don't
do that?
This is um uh dr a favorite driver for right um Let's see let me think. I there's this um uh friday friday friday detergent.
that are
are I don't really keep what's it called I don't really care like that. Just just type I'm good to go. So but what about you? What about you what what's your fantasy what you what you enjoy doing
So
go
your
dad
that
uh
X. X. Men X. Men X men.
that's yeah yeah. Yeah
you
know what I said that that was crazy. I I enjoyed the movie enjoyed it then it was what about black punter? You've watched Black punter
I
twice wow
wow.
to see this wow wow wow
that's
good.
Are. Oh yeah. Yeah of course of course it's it's because if you watch, if you want something um the second time you you'll see something you didn't see in the first time, so it's actually really very good. Uh so um what about food? Food? Let's talk food uh
or
um uh No, no no no, no, I don't,
but I love watching uh um documentaries on food. Yeah, I follow you network. You watch Food Network? Yes. Okay, so I do go there to like seeing you new, I mean new foods that are being prepared by some chance, and I mean I enjoy I enjoy watching them doing stuff like that.
so
who
is
your
father? I don't have one by
enjoy
the
Yeah.
Uh huh, wow, it's it's all good. Uh wow, okay. Uh what what was that we're going to talk about now? Uh
cause.
probably
like
I
coffee.
Yeah, cause I mean Covid, Covid did um should I say he affected me negatively or something? I don't know, but Covid, Covid wasn't was was just quite uh quite not eat, I mean I never expected Covid to come guys. Um Most of my plants, most of my plants actually had to, aren't you leave them because of Covid? No Covid cane and I couldn't carry on with my plans again, I mean it was
still
now.
Yeah.
Oh god. But but I thought what's your take on don't strong telling, telling americans to uh that issue inject, what's it called? Um
He he said he he mentioned something that they should inject, I've forgotten, I've forgotten about about the status, inject something into their bodies, I don't know
what's
your
take
on that?
It's,
You work from home currently now, thanks. Okay.
All
what's
that?
So
All
There.
You know.
No.
Yeah. Right. Mom. Yeah.
I
was like a
Yeah. Like I said, I said, you saw
what what do you say
are
you
might see.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, basically. Yeah. Yeah. Uh for now I would say I would say I am see. Let me just feel like that. But I'm a completely a engineer uh competence and technician. So I'm also a student. Hmm. I'm a student gate. Mm
And, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Of course. Yeah. Yeah. And I have, I have a small, um, small store where people bringing computers for me to repair, you know, for me to repair. And, but the heart plans have ones on, um, you know, yeah, on actually expanding afghans to expand Uh four months, a Google corona king, everything. Just wait. I couldn't do what I I wanted to do and it's
crazy.
I know.
I can't.
uh it's not, it's not it's not currently. It's not. I mean, um because uh where I'm at, it's actually closer to university. It's to university. I know students are no more in the university. They've all gone because of corona, you understand? So, yeah, he's not business and
well,
you're absolutely
Um, the sudden next month, I think next month, next month the government had said they would try and them open up.
So
um I I shoot I shoot uh I'll have to be I'll have to be very careful of actually uh,
is in the face mask. The wasn't called the sanitizers and just to be safe. You understand goes, I heard Karina is actually very bad, man.
It's this Oh
seriously?
That's
You said what?
But
no,
no,
no, no, no, no, it doesn't matter. I didn't have gonna go. Uh huh.
Really? No, no way you no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no. I don't have the right now. So uh Okay. Um Okay. What what what what was I want to talk about? I want to talk
about
what
sort
points
out. Yeah, I do. So do you want to hear my story? Because because I don't know if it will be right sharing because this this conversation is being recorded. I don't know
whatever
it
is
our I
don't
want
to shop.
Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right let me just tell you half siblings. Five of them five. Mhm.
I'm
the no no um three sisters, three Sisters and two Brothers. Uh
six oh
wait you know what you know what where I come from, where I come from? They um the society they believe that if you have just dirt as if you have just female Children, you are not yet A man that is what the society believes. Well mm I don't know how he's about that. I don't know how it is right about but really it's it's you know should I say do you believe in God? Do you?
No I Okay. All right. Um I don't know how to put this number if I believe I believe everything. Everything. That's reason is why, why, why it had to be. There are reasons why something stops are meant to be. There are, so I'll just leave it at that so that there is nothing there, there's absolutely not very wrong in having females or all males. There's nothing wrong. There's not absolutely wrong. The fact that they are all Children. It's enough. Not that you are males or females. I don't think that.
So,
well I'm the the eldest. You know that the first son?
wow. Well, you know, it's like it's killing, it's killing that the responsibilities are so much right.
Uh, So some days, some days I would wake up and I'll be like, oh, I'm gonna have to like dude sort out some things and you know, I already want to do these do that. I simply it's
crazy. Yeah,
it's so crazy. I mean it's crazy, but, but but I still love them anyways. I love them or I
love them. Like I
do, even
even though they might be crazy sometimes, but uh lover stood there, you
know,
I
love them. Especially
my mom, my mom especially uh she's like mine.
Mm. Yeah, sure. But but my, my dad is not living with us anymore. My dad doesn't stick anymore. Mm So
it
just might move. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah,
that's
me
write a book.
Check.
But, but but do you still keep in touch with your dad?
You see keeping thought your dad used to visit your dad No more.
No. Yeah.
What?
But do you call him regularly?
that's
yeah wow that's serious.
What?
Okay. Okay I get it. I get it. I get it. You know when I was, when I was talking to um john Harris the other day mm the guy I told you I spoke with at a conversation with, he measurably talking about um Jeff boss, you know he was saying uh most of the rich guys in in America, they don't pay taxes and it's quite bad. Is that true? Is that true? Is it
true?
What?
wow.
that's
too
bad bad.
No.
Oh yeah wow that I mean it's it's actually not right. Uh Well at least it's how many days to election now,
74
Gration recounting? Yeah. Uh Sure weight when I was speaking to john john was john was telling me wow that he's ready to vote out john hard I mean and I was like okay. Yeah yeah so good. It's
fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Well uh they seem as um I don't know this word is right about the same as a dictator, you know, they seem as as a very proud proud guy. Yeah. I used this very proud guy who who looks down on on on on on some people just because uh I see because they are not okay. Yeah, I mean he just looks down on most people and uh huh Well why? I don't know. So good. It's all fine. It's
good.
Well, well like it's like you said, like you said, like I said, it's just 70, how many days now to election?
You can you can make the right decision if, if everybody should get out, it could make the right decision and that's put
him
out
of office.
but um in the in the house I think they have the democrats and the republicans. Right okay. Um It's not the way it's not a way for the democrats. Two uh impeach donald trump is that way?
Yeah there was there was a time I I read the news about the democrats trying to impeach doughnut and he didn't come out, he didn't work uh and I wondered what could be the reason why why I had to be
what?
yeah definitely knew. Okay.
uh it's 25 minutes already wow. Yes.
All
one. Uh huh.
All right, nice to talk to you then