Can you hear this? Right.
But
All
right. Hang on 1/2.
All right. Can
you hear this?
So, I
have
I have this brand new laptop and any time sometimes I don't know why. But if I just start talking,
the microphone doesn't pick up. So then I have to go back This this is like a 10 year old microphone. And yeah,
well, it's brand new. I just got it last month.
Why
not? Yeah. Last week it updated. So, yeah, everything
has been updated,
but it's just weird. Right. Mm hmm.
Window.
because all right.
So, right now,
even on my toolbar, it has a microphone and it says that it's using the computer's microphone, not
the headset.
And it doesn't happen all the time. Like I could be zooming in with my nephew and it works. And then this is the third time I've been doing this interview
and I haven't had to use this headphone.
I call it the fates.
Nice to meet you. I'm Jan
and where are you at?
Oh look at you got like a secret spy. Now I'm gonna be wondering where is he at? Oh
Oh honey. I can talk about anything about any time. About anything. So, so
I can. All right. So do you usually make conversation with strangers?
I would try to stay away from politics, religion. You know, I would just, it's hard to know nowadays what we'll make people upset, you know? And it's so hard. It's so hard. So last time the last time you repaired with with a guy.
Movies.
I love movies. Do you like movies?
No, no. Okay,
so
hands down. What is your favorite horror movie?
Which 1? The 1st 1, Freddie vs Jason. Jason in Space, which
means your favorite.
So, I love
science fiction movies. I love like set in the future.
I love action movies. If they are blowing something up, I am there like I
I will
Oh yeah, like transformers,
I can watch that day after day, right? Because
there's so much action,
yep, seeing them all. Um Deadpool, seeing that a couple of times,
Yeah, but I think like my
favorite.
I have. I've watched black Panther
twice now, I think.
yeah, because
like I said, I love action. And so what happens is I watch an action movie And then I'm just like and then I watched it again to get all the other stuff. I'm like, I'll even go to a movie theatre 23 times to see this name. Movie.
Just
because it might have missed
something.
so All right. So
do you travel?
You don't,
So who is your
favorite
chefs on
Food
Network?
See for me,
I
watch anything and barrel. So she does like worst cooks in America. Um, and then I like the, the competition's the, uh, you know, where they have to like carve pumpkins, like Halloween wars or christmas or yeah,
just some things that they can do with food. I'm like, oh, it's too much.
Well, like I, like I said, I'm so curious about where you're at,
but I'm not gonna ask anymore. You don't want to tell him? That's fine. But I'm a traveler. Like I travel Probably 45, 50
days out of the year.
I visited 21
countries. I had five trips planned this year before COVID
and
It's hard.
It's hard. So, and like I said, I don't know where you live, but I live in florida and we're just getting
hit by Covid. Um, and
so you know, our life, we, we rarely go grocery shopping that we don't, there's no movie theaters open. Uh, we don't go in stores. It's really, really tough. And like I had to bring my car in for an oil change and that's my only car. And so I had to sit there and a lady took off her mask. It was coming towards me and I just, I grabbed my car and left. I was like by gotta go, it's so bad
bleach. Yeah.
No, donald
trump is
an
idiot.
I'm gonna let you know right now. Donald trump is an idiot. He is. The thing is, is that, you know what, I will never blame him for corona. I don't think that was his fault. Right? Right. It wasn't his fault. You can't blame somebody for getting like pneumonia, right? It's not his fault. But I will blame him and I will hold him accountable
for all the lives lost. I will blame him for I have a friend who got it and merge and she's still feeling the effects. She's still going to the doctor. You know, it's no joke. So I'm gonna blame him for that. And you know, most of the time now we've like my husband and I, we both work from home and we have to protect ourselves.
You know, and so it's just here in the States. I feel like we were just let to die. We
were left to die and for what? So his friends can get rich so he can go golfing, you know, And then we have the riots and we have all this racial unrest and he's not addressing it. He calls the rioters criminals. And that's not how America is. America is based on riots. America is based on protesting. You don't call them criminals. It's
just
for me, me and my husband and I told you we weren't gonna get into politics. Look at what you did what you did. But
me and my husband
were, we are very dissatisfied with trump. And right now we're seeing stuff that we've never ever seen in our lives. Like, um, there's a church near us.
And yesterday when I was trying to get my car's oil change, there's probably 100 cars waiting to get a bag of apples. People are hungry. They don't have jobs, they're scared. There's no, you know, everything is shut down
and people are hungry here.
They're starving. And yet he sits there and, and he does nothing.
So, and like I
said, I don't know where you are.
I feel like you're not in the States, you're probably on a VPN. But it's bad here, you know, And and me and my husband were thankful that we are still being able to to work. But next month this company has just said that they're going to reorganize, there's gonna be layoffs. So what do you do? So I hope you're safe?
Are you saved?
Are you safe
from
like corona and
and unrest?
So are you studying computer engineering?
Okay.
So didn't
know Corona?
All right. So like for me, my computer is now my lifeline.
So aren't people where you're at using their computers more and need you more? Isn't your business increasing?
So do they
have
plans on opening up the university again this fall? Uh huh.
So would you be
going back to in class?
Mhm.
No.
How
long were you? Well no like I'm so
sorry that you that you want it.
I'm sorry that you had it.
I'm glad
you
recovered.
thank goodness.
So
do you
have any
siblings or relatives living
with you?
It
is we're being recorded and
they
will watch it but you know
you're
not
gonna
tell me your story.
I have six
sisters
Good. No I I have six six sisters.
brothers. Right so my dad had seven daughters. Isn't that crazy?
No I don't.
So in the
lineup of your brothers and sisters are you eldest middle or your baby?
Oh that's a lot of responsibility. Uh
Is it?
They have freedom?
Mhm.
Well
do you have to pay for their schooling
or?
Of
course,
of course
that that is good. No.
Are you both your parents alive?
Does he have a new
family?
Yeah.
No, I I fully
get that, I do
like my mom died a few years ago and my dad is getting up there in age and so I'm third, so I don't have to take care of him.
So my other sister moved in and he she takes care of him.
No,
no, there's some history there.
And so no I get reports on how he's doing
and um I live 2000 miles away from him. Yeah. So
no, I have no contact,
I haven't had any contact with him in three years,
It's you know, it is, I feel like I'm gonna be donald trump right now. It is what it is
you know? But yeah we don't have time to get into it.
that
is true. Yes. So
for instance Um my husband and I might have a tax rate of 22%. Okay so if I make a dollar The government gets 22 cents. Right. Right Jeff
Bezos, some of the richest men in America Bill Gates Warren Buffett Uh they might have a tax rate of 7%.
So for every dollar they
make.
And that's why we don't have health care. That's why we don't take care of our poor. We don't have the money. I mean how can you tax me when I'm not making much? Right and
but you refused to tax the rich. But that that's how republicans that's how donald trump is.
74
I'm counting I am counting.
So and all right, so
I'm not going to ask you where you are. But how does the how does your country view donald trump?
Well and that's that's
kind of how I figured that most of the world sees us now. Like I think that like everybody in the world is just laughing at America like we are we're just we just lost our way and
74.
that's what
I'm
afraid
of. That's what I'm afraid of is that you're not going to find all the people that are like us that are going to you know, think that trump is bad. There's people who think that trump is like a God it's not good. But
they just tried that in january and they didn't have enough votes.
We don't have enough time to discuss. But basically it just came
down to his party which is the Republican Party. I just didn't want to vote them out so they wanted to stay with the devil that they knew.
Well but that's our time c and you were worried we would have nothing to talk about.
All right Philip.
I'll talk to you later,
Uh Have a good day,