Hello? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me
now? Mm
I've never had this problem.
Yeah. Hello? Hello? Okay.
don't know.
I don't
know. I left, I don't I left to rejoin so maybe that fixed it, but uh yeah,
I
don't know.
Um you know, just chillin. It's like a six where I'm at in the morning and my sleep schedule is all messed up. So I've been like awake all night. Uh huh.
Yeah, I've done this three times before.
Yeah.
What's really cool is the $15 you get or? Yeah.
Well, um
I mean here's one I've asked like everybody like how is the covid situation where you're at?
I'm
sorry.
Yeah.
Well, it's pretty not so great
in America. I don't know if you're you're,
I
don't know what your accent sounds like, but
doesn't
sound
very american. Yeah. Uh you know uh what's it called? I mean the I don't know the government is just excuse my language but they're just doing a shit job. Honestly.
I
uh Yeah, a little bit. I'm not like super super knowledgeable but I'm getting into it, you know?
that's
it is absolutely true like uh I mean just I mean comparing it to other cut like
the first uh
month or so is getting big here. He like really
downplayed
it.
Um you know and made it seem
like
it wasn't
as big of a deal as it needs. He really the worst thing is that he turned the disease into a political thing. So
you have
people that are like on one side
that support
them and then they're like no no no. Then then then uh and then you have like people. I mean I hope I it's just crazy. He's just crazy. But he has done a very bad job
to say the least.
Yeah. I honestly
don't
know. But it's coming up. It's like november. Uh Yeah. So
Yeah. Yeah. I've been ready for a while. Yeah. It's you know, it's I don't know. It has time gone by really fast for you since maybe like at first it was kind of slow. But
like the the
end of the
year is
came up like fast for me at least. Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah,
No, I'm only 19 and so I'm still pretty
young. Are you married?
like to make um like electronic music, like hip hop beats and stuff. And I don't know, like cooking a little bit. I honestly don't have that many interests that are cool video
games I guess.
Well, I've been like, I don't rap. I mean, I mostly do the beats, but I've been kind of practicing wrapping because I want to get better at it. But I don't know if I want
to be a
rapper anything, but it's like freestyling is fun, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
To
What?
Play
You 1?
Okay. I was literally working on this. I mean, it's not done or anything, but I'll show you
what I was
working on before. Okay.
Or think so. Let's see. I just gotta plug my speaker and
I'm assuming. Okay.
can maybe try? I can try.
Like go
ahead. Go ahead.
Uh No, not yet. Um I mean,
I just want to get it like a But I mean because I don't think they're like good enough to post yet or anything. I mean the one I just played
you
is actually like
kind of cool,
but it's like it's like that's like there's one kind of cool one for like every four trash ones I make, you know?
Um So, but
man, that's really
nice to be to say
thank
you. Uh huh.
I mean, I mean soon sooner. Well,
I mean every time I say I'm going to do it, I just end up procrastinating
it, you know? But I mean, yeah, sometime I'm going to do it sometime. I just I just want to make sure they're good enough, you know?
But
thank
you. Uh huh
definitely.
yeah, I mean like if you compared to like the first beats I've
ever made,
like
it sounds way, way better. So I know I've gotten better and stuff,
you know? Uh You know I just got to keep on working at it. But your your kind words are very very nice think.
Yeah I like to watch movies Caroline
what
my fantasy is.
Um Well to be pretty wealthy with a super hot girlfriend. Um What
what are your fantasies?
I love
horror movies too man. Yeah. What what kind of horror movie is just like?
Um Recently I watched uh the original Ring the movie um like the Girl in the T. V. If you know that 1? Um Let's see I have like uh friday not
the friday the
the Night
Nightmare on
Elm
Street movie. Yeah no I've seen I've seen I've seen like the first one of those um But that's it, I need to see the rest
of them but the the
Nightmare on Elm Stream ones, I have those on DVD, so
those are cool with Freddie. Um There's
a, I don't know if you've
ever heard of it, but there's
like a streaming service, like kind of like netflix and stuff, you know, and you, you um Yeah,
yeah,
no. Yeah, but it's it's a
Mhm.
Sorry,
go ahead.
The ones I spoke about is actually on this other streaming service. Um I don't know if you've heard
of it before,
but it's called shudder S.
H U D D E. R.
It's
no, it's a streaming
service for literally like practically just horror movies
yep,
and it's like got like tons
good ones on there, so I I just got that recently and I watched four movies on it all the time. Yeah. Um
Yeah, so what that up
I
watched
like the first season, like a long time ago, like around when it came out, like are you a big fan of Game of Thrones?
No. Yeah, I mean when
I watched the first season, I really liked it, but it was just one of those things um I didn't have HBO I got it on like a DVD so I couldn't really
watch it, you know? Um
No,
no, but I was just going to ask you like I heard a lot about it when it came out, What did you
think about
it?
Is
it
true?
Okay.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, I've gotten into it um a lot since, you know, everything started happening and uh I mean nothing like too crazy, but I like find a recipe
video on Youtube, you know, and then I'll just follow it along, you know? Do you pick
Word
Well,
I mean, I mean if you have, I don't really post anything on there right now, but if you have an instagram, you could follow me on there and whenever I post some, when I
eventually do post something. I mean, I mean
you don't
have
to,
no, I do not at all.
Yeah,
I
So it's
D Y L I am, yeah. Oh yeah.
No spaces or capitals and as a chew um
D
Y
L
am B O E.
Perfect.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you for everything you said. That was really nice. And also
I I just like notice um I think there's like a weird delay between when you're hearing me through your side and what I'm saying it and that's why there's so many weird
interruptions
and like a pauses.
Oh no, yeah, it's fine. It's fine. I just, I just wanted to point that out because uh
it's because I was like yeah,
be Yeah, it's cool. Mm.
closed out
of like my first
page on accident,
but I think it's about like 22 minutes is about right
from when I joined. So well here, let me ask you. You've been asking me so many questions. But what, how long
have you been
into
computer engineering?
you go to school for
it or are you self taught?
Yeah.
Yeah. Cool. Good luck with that man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Like uh that's
pretty
cool. You got your own business and I mean you look pretty young. I mean, I don't know how old you are, but you know
business.
Then you're
golden man. You're golden business at 24. Looking to expand your
only going
up from here, man.
Sorry what?
Bow, like my instagram handle? Yeah.
Caleb Nice.
maybe.
yeah, it was
was just
going to say maybe like because I kind of because since we kind of joined in a few minutes late
it might just maybe like a minute or two longer just talk just to make sure that we don't like.
Yeah. No. Yeah.
Um But what kind of music do you like?
Any specific artists?
Mhm. Do you like more
like a hard rock or like a soft kind of a like uh stuff?
Yeah, I feel that, man, I feel that. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah, that's cool.
No, that's cool. And
then do you have any other, do you have any hobbies like other than computer engineering stuff?
Like
video
games?
Do you
have you played like a 4:00
and the floors of games?
That's
Do you have like you have like a steering wheel controller?
Like a steering
wheel? Like one of those imitation ones?
Hello?
Except you got to get one of those men?
I've graduated
this Uh from
yeah, this is my 2nd year of college.
My school is online for as far as the, you know as time until
it gets better I guess.
No, I mean it was like because I'm in California so we were like rolling it back and opening things up but then it started to get worse again, so we started closing things back down
again
and now. Yeah. Yeah.
to you. Same to you. Okay.
Mhm.
Time is good. Yeah. So
yeah, it was really nice talking to you Caleb riot. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And
I'll follow you back on instagram when you follow me.