what?
Hello, how's it going?
I don't know. First with start now or?
Okay. Mhm. Mhm. So what should we talk about?
One of my friends had sent me a link and I was like it sounds too good to be true and he was like no really, I've already gotten by money for it and I was like wow, I'm surprised, I feel like most of them survey places are like, I don't know you have to do a lot more for a little star surprised like some of the quantity amounts are as high as they are for as little as you have to fill out. Yeah. Okay. What about you?
Oh yeah, run it. So I spend a little too much time sometimes.
Um North Carolina.
Mhm. Okay, carry a big football fan. No my husband watches a ton of a ball and I saw like the Alabama head coach or something had tested false positive so that's like the extent of what I know about football.
I just watched Emily in paris on netflix. I
like that.
Emily
impaired.
Can you hear me Emily in paris on netflix?
Uh huh. Yeah it was pretty good. Mhm. Mhm.
But I haven't watched a ton of T. V. Um like recently
um work or just footballs on tv and I'm too
lazy to go into the other room watch something I want to watch. What about you? Have you watched anything?
What are some of your favorites?
What was what is it gone?
is it like sci fi or?
Uh Yeah. Mhm. Yeah thank you. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah
let it be yeah actually signed up to do this. Was it yesterday morning? Yeah
yesterday morning but they never showed up.
Yeah. What time was your time saw like in the morning or afternoon
Yeah
so I was pleasantly surprised when you showed up, I'm like yeah I'm not getting stood up. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Um I mostly just do like support work on the computer, so pretty boring but it's like itself is not boring, I feel like every day is different so I still like it. Um but I feel like I do hate that I like can catch myself sitting at a desk for eight hours and then I'm like oh my God, I need to get off the computer and then like what I do in my spare time is like a scroll
on instagram and look on Reddit and it's just like so much computer screen time so that I kinda hate, I need to like get outside and do more outside stuff I feel like but I'm lazy.
Yeah. What about you? What do you
do?
Are you in
Alabama? Nice. Very cool. Do you know what you're going to school for?
Civil engineering awesome. What do you have to do with that?
Let me cool. What made you get into that?
Yeah. That's super awesome. I was always jealous of people when I went to college. It was just a majored in business which is very broad and a good part of that is I can do anything with it, but bad part like it wasn't specific like engineering or nursing or teaching. So I was always kind of jealous of people that had like a specific niche of like this is what I want to do and I didn't know what I wanted to do. So I was like business seems pretty general and broad, I'll just go with this. Mhm. So when do you graduate? Okay.
Very cool.
That's awesome. What has campus been like they, are they doing virtual or is
it like
mask?
But are they having like students and stuff still like on campus or did like faiths and everybody? Um
wow. Okay.
Yeah, I feel like a lot of those schools near me, I'm in um like near you and see and Duke and NC State and a ton of them, I feel like our sent everybody home. Like they had a bunch of um students that weren't wearing masks of the first two weeks and they were like okay, time to pack up and I just couldn't imagine like people that were at a state that,
you know their parents just yeah, ship them there and I was like, I need you to come back and help me pack all my stuff if I got to go home, like. Yeah, that's gotta be tough decision to make is like the Dean, like what do we do, what's safe, what's protocol? So
it's a very simple exactly. I actually just posted um,
uh, like a parody to um Disney's be my guest from Beauty and the Beast, but they're saying the words wear a mask, wear a mask, It's a simple task. Like it's so easy. Like why? That's so hard. Why do I go to the grocery store and people are like not wearing a mask? Being rude.
Like that's doing nothing.
Do you
realize that?
Yeah. Pretty crazy. Have you ventured out much or like what is your like, stance? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I like restaurants here like opened up and I haven't been to a restaurant since March. Really? Um I've only been like to target like a couple of times. I do a lot of like deliveries or drive up pickup at Target, which I really like a couple of good things like that. The deliveries and like the drive up, like I hope they do this after they paint them it because like stuff like that, it's been like
so
nice. Yeah. I'm like this is really convenient. I don't mind paying like a couple extra dollars that they charge for it and like targets is free. So it's like, yeah, I kind of like this. But
how long what?
I don't know, I go back and forth. Like obviously I'm ready for it to be over. But I feel like at the same time like I think it's going to be here for a while. Like I'm very hopeful that we have vaccines sooner rather than later. But I also know how long it takes to create it and get it passed. And I just, I feel like all these companies that are rushing like who want to be first like yeah, that's all well and great. But you've got to go through so many tests, studies and thousands of people and I don't know, I just I'm like, it's already been this
long. I just I don't I don't, my job previously was I would go into office and we've all been working from home and right now, like the earliest that I think that we're going to be going into the office is june of next year.
and we've been working from home since March,
March, like 10th. So it's just like, I don't see
going back into the office anytime soon, which is just slightly terrifying. But yeah, I mean, I think that's why so many people are not wearing masks because they're like, they're over it and I get it, I am too, but wear a mask and it will be here as long. But you continue to not wear a mask is what it's gonna be here even longer, so.
Yeah, definitely. Well in March I just feel like no one knew anything and we're all still kind of like figuring it out. And I remember my birthday was in May and I was like I still have a party by my birthday, like it'll be fine, this will blow over. And then it was like oh shit this is serious. Like I didn't have a birthday, my husband's birthday was in september, he didn't have a birthday. Like it's just like oh this is awful.
Oh my gosh, now I did hear about one school or luckily your U. N. C. Actually they said something about like because it was at the beginning of the semester and they were like so like say that the day moving day was today and then tomorrow they say okay you have to go home. Like covid everyone broke the rules or whatever. Well then tomorrow you have to submit your thing by the end of the day if you wanted your full refund I'm like nobody would have like that's too soon. Like they should have given them in like a week or something like
that. Like they were all trying to get out and move and whatever and I don't know I thought that was pretty crappy that they didn't give them like more time. But it was like all over the news here. Like how much of a short notice they gave and you know, as a college student, you're not like always paying attention to all the stuff so like easily could have gotten missed and that's a lot of money. Bye. Yeah.
Um I feel like I used to um I don't do them as much but I would play tennis, I really liked playing tennis. I played in high school, not in college but like for fun I did
um And I like to ski. Yeah but mm I haven't really done either one of those in a while so right now I guess my hobbies are just on instagram likes to talk and social media stuff. What about you?
Yeah. I feel like it's like one of those things like in theory like it sounds good like you need a hobby but
one
when you have time. Yeah like I would like to sleep, I still want to eat and then do like my job so outside of that I would have to make it a priority and not much is going to get a priority. Um
one of my favorite, what
what does that mean?
Oh I didn't know you
could like I just
start from like
main feed whatever so you can like favorite ones that you like or
whatever.
Oh and then they like come up with new stuff every day or some. Okay um Look at you teaching me. No I just like scroll through or like people send me like read this one but I didn't know you could do that. Yeah and then twitter like I hardly ever get on twitter but every now and then if I'm like watching a show or like the debate the other night I was like let me just get on twitter and it's like I feel like twitter is more entertaining when there's like a subject or a show or something on tv and people just like creative like whole content around it. It's pretty funny. Did you watch the debate at all? Yeah,
well it was it was hard, it was hard to watch.
Um but most recently the Vice president debate, there was a fly, did you hear about this was just on reddit? Yeah,
and there was like a twitter handle already created for the fly,
like, oh my God, all the memes were like giving me life,
I was really enjoying all of the commentary about that more so than
the actual
which is kind of sad, but at the same point like my mind is already made up, I've already visited, but
I don't know, sometimes it's like you wanted to hear what they're, you know, opposing arguments are, but if there's gonna bicker back and forth, I'm not really interested.
Have you voted?
But you are going to
Good,
I um like even before like the debates or whatever, like,
I am
not a fan of all of the things that has happened with trump and what he's done and so there's some things, you know, I don't 100% agree with biden, but I definitely think he's the best choice, he's the best candidate. Um so that's why I voted for him, But I was talking about this with one of my friends the other day, I was like, it's crazy that like, because they're both in there like 70s that, you know, our presidents are that age before they're like elected and I get that, you know, you need experience and you need to kind of have a resume per se for you even kind of get elected, but I'm just like, I don't know that just seems old and
biting this like looks old, but you know, hopefully he stays healthy and all that good stuff. But yeah, I was talking about that what our friends the other day and I was just like why are they so old? But yeah, I didn't know all of that about his family. Um Like he had, you know, a car accident and all of that. I had no clue until I saw that commercial and then like read up on it. I was like oh my gosh, that's crazy. Yeah
paul. So what time did we start talking? Was it right at 7? I think it was a couple minutes after I wasn't it?
is that you, are you our behind?
it's seven here. So I was like what? We didn't start talking about six. But yeah, that makes sense. Family is an hour of time. Good deal. Have you already had dinner? What you have?
Nice. Is that from like one of the cafeteria places on campus or now?
I ate like a five year old today. I had a BLT and popcorn and a clementine for dinner but I made a bunch of bacon this weekend and I was like, what am I gonna do with this? Bacon is not really good
after. So
it was like to be, Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you do anything this past weekend?
my God, it's midterms already. Yeah, I guess october That's crazy. When or are they coming up?
wow, okay. When was the last day of classes for the semester?
Well, at the very beginning and then you'll have probably the whole month of december off and then go back in january. Very cool.
Are you liking it so far?
But
are they?
Yeah. Yeah. That would be really hard because I definitely more of like a visual person. So like something about going into a classroom and hearing the teacher talk versus online. I feel like I would get easily
like distract board and like I don't want to do this kind of thing.
Yeah. The only online class oddly enough that I took in college was music and it was like music history. So it wasn't like I didn't play an instrument or anything. But it was just funny, like every time I was talking to my parents were like, you're taking music online. I'm like, no, it's technically music history, but it's just called music class. But it was so
boring and so dull. I was just like, yeah, I can't take any more online classes. Like this isn't gonna work.
So I definitely feel the pain.
How many classes are
seven is that like minimum?
Oh my gosh, that's crazy. Yeah, that's a lot. That's all the big workload. Right, Well that like make you graduate earlier or is that still like you need that to stay on track?
my gosh, That's crazy. Yeah, I don't, I don't miss studying. That's like I always said I would go back and do my masters and all my friends are like, if you leave, you're not going to come back and I was like, yeah, well, yeah, I've been graduated for, I can't do math. I graduated No. six. So what is that 14, 14 years?
Um Yeah, I never went back and got my masters, but honestly, like the jobs that I've had, nothing would like elevate that I would have to go into like something specific and they say, you know, if you have a master's, blah, blah, blah. Um Some of my friends like to do kind of the same job as me, as far as just like support for software company, they, their company like specifically say like, hey, we'll help you go back to school and we'll pay for it because you'll get more money, but my company doesn't
do that, so I'm taking a couple like sequel glasses um that works paid for um and that was kind of cold, but that like allowed me to Have more responsibility essential with work. Um so I enjoyed that and it was just like one, you know, 12 hour credit class, so it wasn't anything like seven classes. Yeah.
Do you have any siblings?
Well? Very cool. I have a younger sister.
No, just me and my husband.
Oh, thank you, thank you. No, that's not weird at all. That is very complimentary.
Yeah, my mom has, it's definitely from my mom's side. She has good genes. Like everyone's always like, oh my gosh, that's your mom, that's not your sister. So I always tease her like before when I would get carted like all the time and like be upset about it and she would always say like, no, that's a good thing, That's a good thing. I'm like, well, as long as they, like, you know, people still think I'm younger, much, much older, so hopefully that continues.
Yeah. No, I would say you were in your twenties, like young twenties?
Um I don't know. I wish they were the way to like confirm.
Mhm. Let's wait like one or 2 more minutes just uh meet like the threshold or whatever.
Yeah. It's always funny one of my clients that I talked to regularly, she's always like, so what do you have planned this weekend? I'm like nothing. It's covid. Like, what do you want to say? Like, I'm not going to a restaurant. It's like I'm not hanging out with my friends. That one has been really hard. Like I didn't socialize a ton, but like obviously more than I am now and like I haven't been able to see really any of my friends since March. Like some of them have hung out. But I'm just like, no, you are going to bars and restaurants. I'm, I'm not trying to get covid and like my family lives near here. So I see them um quite a bit. But like we're all quarantining. So like, I feel comfortable seeing them. But I'm like, if I see one of my friends, I feel like I would have to quarantine for two weeks before I saw my parents. And not just, I'm not trying to do that. Like that's not worth it.
They do
or don't,
mm How does that make you feel?
No. Yeah. We actually had a wedding this past weekend that, um, we were invited to, well before Covid hit, they'd send the invitation last year and it's at a state and you know, before Covid, we were like, yeah, that's gonna be so much fun. Fall in. Ohio sweet. And we obviously didn't go. But they posted all of their pictures and I could not believe how many people were there. How many people were not wearing them to ask like, because I've seen some people do weddings and it's very intimate and people were masked and like, you know, if that's what you want to do, I personally wouldn't have had a wedding, I would just postpone it or like whatever, But no one wore a mask and there was probably 70 people there and I was just like so glad we didn't go. I would have been pissed if we got there and like expecting people to wear a mask and no one was wearing them. Like I would have been very upset. But it is, but it is okay. Well, I think we hit our time and it was nice
talking
to you.
All right, Take care.
Bye. Right. Oh,
okay. Yeah.