SPEAKER_L: Can
SPEAKER_R: work?
SPEAKER_L: you hear? Hello? Can you hear me? I
SPEAKER_R: let's see, that might be on my end.
SPEAKER_L: can hear you
SPEAKER_R: Um Hold on a sec. Sorry, it's probably because I plug the microphone in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, one second. All right,
SPEAKER_R: now I should be able to hear you. Sorry about that. Okay, now I can hear you. I'm sorry, that was my
SPEAKER_L: no problem. You can hear me now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, now every time I plug this microphone in it wants to send the sound, the outgoing sound to the microphone too. He's never yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, some there's sometimes you have the jacks that are have microphone and speaker at the same time.
SPEAKER_R: right, right. Yeah, it's not like a headphone jack, but it's got nothing called in it, there's nothing that could even place out.
SPEAKER_L: I just got a new computer and it has a headphone jack and then it has a headphone slash microphone jack. So if you plug something into it, it asks you what the thing is that you're plugging into it and then if you choose to say that, then it will use that every time you plug something into it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah, mine. Um It has one combination jack, but this is actually a U. S. B. Mic. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that is weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but then the U. S. B. Mic has its own headphone jack.
SPEAKER_L: That's kind of a it's kind of a pretty nice mike. There. Are you would like a podcaster or something?
SPEAKER_R: No, I just um I like the mic.
SPEAKER_L: Good. Looks nice.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Yeah, no, I I thought about doing some kind of like voice acting or um like recording audio books or something, but I never actually did it.
SPEAKER_L: What what kind of voice acting your book would you would you be interested in doing? What were you thinking about doing?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I was just thinking about like doing whatever is available for pay or something, or just like whatever projects other people are working on morgan
SPEAKER_L: what's going on? What's your name? Morgan? I'm josh.
SPEAKER_R: dust cloth.
SPEAKER_L: How you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Um I just went swimming in the pool. Um We have and like it's not mine, I just like there's a club here that has an outdoor pool, which is the only pool open for a while.
SPEAKER_L: The other horse?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well just that one outdoor pool, um the other outdoor pools are owned by the city and the city, for some reason, doesn't want to fill up. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: don't want the liability of people getting the virus and getting started. Probably. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: but I mean, I'm in new york and we were like, like, like a little bit upstate, not in new york city, and we were cleared, like in july in early july to have outdoor pools reopened, and they just there like, no, we're not going to deal with that.
SPEAKER_L: Are you a swimmer? How much do you swim?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I've been trying to do just about every day in this one because I figure I've got limited days I can do it because it's outdoors and it gets cold here, so, uh,
SPEAKER_L: sure.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just get them running.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Yeah, I like running. I, I used to do a bit more of it. I want to get back into it. I had some like weird injury or something that I wanted to rest. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have that. Have to do that all the time. So how long have you been doing these things?
SPEAKER_R: I would say like basically my whole life,
SPEAKER_L: You mean running or swimming?
SPEAKER_R: um, well swimming, I guess I started getting serious about around 10 years ago, running a little bit after that. But I mean I was cycling, which I still do since I was like 12 or something and I was always active as a kid, so.
SPEAKER_L: Did you did you do it? Did you swim on the team?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no, I was never on any team sports. How about you though?
SPEAKER_L: I did not swim on a team but I played um I do like swim but not really that good swimmer. I don't think like you know like this kind of swim but I played in school, I played basketball and I played soccer and um I
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: played baseball for a while so yeah I played some team sports but then I did in high school I had a job so then I stopped pointing jean shorts.
SPEAKER_R: that'll eat up all your time.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yeah, yeah. And it was, it was fun to, and that's kind of a different sort of, you know, group activity, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So um my first job when I was like 19 or something, I was waiting tables and the restaurant had a long break in the middle of the day that was like a couple of hours and I didn't have a car, like my mom drove me to work and back. So I was just like hanging around the neighborhood, you know, had nothing to do. And so I would like, I wasn't serious swimming then, but I would just go like swimming like splash around in this creek. And later I found out that the years I was doing that, that creek was like being super poisoned by IBM.
SPEAKER_L: Like international business machines? The IBM the Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. There's um there's some big IBM facilities around here and they've actually
SPEAKER_L: is this Rochester Rochester?
SPEAKER_R: no, it's a it's further north of that. Um that just
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I don't know where that is sort
SPEAKER_R: well, you know where uh Westchester is? It's
SPEAKER_L: of sort of, it's
SPEAKER_R: like to count
SPEAKER_L: like, it's like sort of go on the way out of new york city. Right,
SPEAKER_R: right right it's like Westchester is just north of the Bronx and then two counties above that. It's me.
SPEAKER_L: So you're pretty, you're pretty, you're pretty close to. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: New york city. The city, yeah. Is that where you grew up?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah actually it is um in the city but uh yeah so IBM actually has this whole history of polluting around here. Um They there was a pretty serious case where something they dumped got into people's well water and actually killed like some families and there were some lawsuits and they paid the people who were alive at the time quite a bit of money but they died of cancer a few years later. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't even think of IBM is like being like a physical, like manufacturer anymore, but I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: they probably were, I mean they also have been not too recently, they probably still do have some aspects of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's um they've closed a lot and they've also kind of like change their facilities to other businesses a lot. Like
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: um one of the facilities that used to be IBM became phillips, it's horrible. And my mom worked there for a bit like she said that they were manufacturing like the microchips that go in Xboxes and then like the sonic, your toothbrushes and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you wouldn't think that uh toothbrushes and xboxes would have, you know, a lot of commonality, but I guess, you know, some of what they do, it's kind of I'll think about that the next time I'm playing on my Xbox.
SPEAKER_R: Like could you use the chip to brush teeth?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like, wait a minute. So I brush my teeth before I
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: do this.
SPEAKER_R: the same facility, remember I was a teenager when she was working there and they gave her this free electric toothbrush because they just like sometimes give employees the things that they're microchips go into and I was like but they didn't give you the Xbox. What?
SPEAKER_L: right. It's a well, paul,
SPEAKER_R: Ah Apparently they did give away an Xbox new studies available on prolific nor that no new studies. Um I don't know if you heard that because sometimes my mic actually filters that sound coming out of my speakers
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and sometimes it doesn't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did hear it. Yeah, the prolific art. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah there's no new studies, don't worry.
SPEAKER_L: Uh yeah, so um how long have you been doing these things with the prolific thing?
SPEAKER_R: Um Probably since like last year, like around october I think. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't remember, I mean these things that we're doing now, I guess I did one like back in february or March I think, and I just, I just, you know, they keep sending them out. So I've done a couple of them since um how
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: many of these have you done?
SPEAKER_R: think this is my third.
SPEAKER_L: Are they, have they generally been good? Like what was the most, you know? Uh
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty good. I mean it's kind of like you know when you're just like having a conversation with someone at a bus stop, you know you just you're just hanging out chill, they're cool person, you know? And then you kind of get on your buses and go your separate ways. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. I was I have described it as going to like a party where like the person that you knew like left early or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah man, now I guess um I'm just more used to like that's how it is in new york city. Um My girlfriend was visiting me in new york city and we were just like on the bus coming back from the airport and this guy with this like thick Brooklyn accent just starts making conversation with us like oh you're from Lithuania. I obviously telling us all about the sights of what we got to see, you just basically being like a tour guide for free and I'm like that to new york right?
SPEAKER_L: New york's pretty awesome. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean like like anyone from there, I have my problem with it. But
SPEAKER_L: I love new york, I've lived there for like a couple months at a time, a couple different times, so I always try to get back up there when I can. But yeah, the people are the best card and in the city, in the city has just had a very special obviously too. But.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's kind of a mixed bag for me though. It's it's kind of funny whenever I like get out of Grand Central Station or something after I've been away somewhere else for a while and the first thing I hear is just all the midtown Manhattan, you know and that's not midtown, that's that is kind of midtown. I don't know, I'm sounding like I'm not from there but um I haven't been there in a while so you just hear all the cars uh you know just people letting out their emotions and it's just like I'm home, we
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: there's nothing there's nothing like it.
SPEAKER_R: right people don't do that anywhere else and you know people who aren't from there asking like why are they all honking? And I'm like there just expressing their feelings, their venting their spleens.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's funny too because like in L. A. People sit in traffic, you know, just as much if not more and they really don't do that, they just sort of all are in their own world and just sort of wait it out and you're like you know everyone has uh
SPEAKER_R: That's really they just like
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: do they have more weed or they were chill?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I know I think I think it's just it's just a cultural, well I mean it's pretty the weather is a little bit better so you can like you know to sit in you know you're sitting on the floor you know four or five or whatever and it's nice out. At least there's no you're not in like a concrete you know jungle. Um So and you probably you know everyone else's driving everywhere to in new york, there's other people who aren't in the car and there might be getting there faster and so there you're missing out relative to them. You can't do that in L. A. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Especially around here where it's more verbal whenever there's any kind of traffic jam which isn't often and I started actually passing people on my bicycle, you can see the drivers just like and on my, you know ring ring and a little balance. Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah sticking out from
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But uh no I think you're right that it's cultural. I mean I lived in Vancouver for a couple of years and they're definitely more quiet there about things. Mm
SPEAKER_L: what's Vancouver like. I don't know maybe I think I may have been there once but I don't really have an X. Memory of it
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: experience.
SPEAKER_R: I was there um like 2000 and 9 to 2012 which was before the forest fire started making it unlivable every summer. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I've been hearing how since then every summer it's just like, you know like how it is in California, just like smog and smoke and poor air quality and no one can breathe. But it wasn't like that at all when I was there it was the complete opposite, it was so clear and so blue like every day sunny 80 degrees um got this very fresh salt smell of the sea coming in um
SPEAKER_L: I lived in Seattle and they're kind of like the same weather system and I've described it the same like so beautifully clear like all the time and you can smell the trees and everything, it's like really different.
SPEAKER_R: it's so blue. Like maybe it's just like the mountains that are right there, the coast mountains and the the way they color the skyscrapers in downtown. But I would just like look around and I feel like everything is so blue here, there's so much color.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really cool. I want to get to think I I think I've been there once but it was it was just for like a very short period of time when I was in Seattle that I would like to go there and spend more time. What did you what else did you like about, you know being there, were you working there, are you going to school or
SPEAKER_R: Uh No no I was mooching off someone but no it's I mean I think every place kind of has its own feel, its own personality and yeah I like just like the nature, the feel of that too. Like it's a rain forest sort of but it has sort of deciduous trees everywhere, not deciduous, coniferous instead of the decision because here it's all the deciduous trees
SPEAKER_L: distance? Which is like with the leaves? Right. Not the pine meals. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and we have like over here we have like a lot of bramble and prickly bushes and underbrush and you can't walk a yard off the trail without you know just like trying to fight your way through with a machete. But there it's like you know in the stock photos where it's just like ground trees and the trees are just like these perfect pillars and you could just like walk between them, you could see between them and they're mostly the coniferous ones with the needles. It just feels very peaceful. I mean I think the whole west coast has a lot of that kind of ecosystem in it. But yeah it's peaceful, it's cool. But you know temperate, that's it. It's temperate. Like the summers don't get super hot, the winters don't get super cold. Um uh The people are are a lot more quiet and kind of like it's kind of like the anti new york in some ways because like people, they're always saying how like everyone's really isolated, everyone's lonely. No one talks to each other one time I just like randomly asked a girl on the street for direction because I got lost and she just like jumped like a ghost talk to her like
SPEAKER_L: No, no.
SPEAKER_R: she's just like, you know or like she was just like you can see me, you're talking to me and I'm like yeah, do you know where um
SPEAKER_L: So which which do you think is your is are you more of a, like, you know, obviously you're, everybody's from somewhere, but are you more of a east Coast person or more of a west coast person? Like by your nature? What you say?
SPEAKER_R: I really don't know. I think that I have hearts that are comfortable more comfortable with both because
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: like I do like you
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: know that you can kind of just get left alone on the West Coast, that, you know, at least in Vancouver, like, I was catcalled maybe once in three years, where around here I can get catcalled more than once a day. So I I do like that people kind of mind their business more sometimes, but then I also like that in new york, they don't mess around, they don't like, they don't blow smoke up your ass, they don't lie to you, if they have something to say, they'll say it, it's up front and honest. So, like, my ideal would be if they were like, less in your face, more like letting my letting you mind your own business. But when you do interact, it's truth, you know, none of this subterfuge. And you should get what I'm implying. I don't get what anyone's implying. Maybe
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you think you're gonna stay in new york or do you uh don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I'll go to Lithuania.
SPEAKER_L: Is that that's your girlfriend is from?
SPEAKER_R: that's where she is now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: does she live there? She, does she work work? They're both. Is
SPEAKER_R: Both, Yeah, she's
SPEAKER_L: that that's where she's from?
SPEAKER_R: she's Lithuanian and you know, immigration is a mess in both directions, so uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, especially right now. So how did you meet her?
SPEAKER_R: um online, just, you know, we're both artists or in some art communities. No,
SPEAKER_L: How have you been to the 20 it
SPEAKER_R: I was actually supposed to go this summer.
SPEAKER_L: plans got I I got thrown up in the air for everybody. Sure,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did you? I'm sure you had
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: some big changes to,
SPEAKER_L: weird because the way that I was always pretty, I'm in more of like a tech software type thing, so I was always like a little bit more remote anyways, so it actually hasn't been as big of a shift but not being able to go to restaurants and stuff. Pretty much sucks. Especially you know it it was okay for the first month or two but then now it's just like you know it just sort of like you know wouldn't wouldn't mind it over. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, you're always like, oh, it if you have to do it for like, this will be like two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, okay, we can we can take one for the team, you can put things on pause and then it's like, this isn't going to end, is it?
SPEAKER_L: and yeah it does seem like that it's not going to end you know for every time soon with the current person in charge of things. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: but no one can control him so
SPEAKER_R: This girl,
SPEAKER_L: we just have to wait them out. Hopefully it won't be there.
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: Get
SPEAKER_R: like, I can
SPEAKER_L: some deals.
SPEAKER_R: control me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's pretty pretty bad. But uh well so now Lithuania what like that's like a former soviet bloc country right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So thank
SPEAKER_R: there a Baltic
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: country and they were former soviet. Um like we've had discussions and you know, which is the best place to live and I'm like raise your hand if your country has been a country for more than 30 years. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: and you never know with with Putin you know he might just decide to take over another country that used to be part of the study union.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, everyone's nervous about that. Like the that entire former soviet region. I've been telling people for years that you not only wants like all those countries back, he's not gonna stop until you get the east Germany back,
SPEAKER_L: that that might start a world war but you know who knows what's what's gonna happen now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he's pretty clever with it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah he's definitely pretty uh underhanded and sneaky vend a cious
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, kind of like a cartoon supervillain, xanatos gambit stuff, there's so many steps that this complicated plan.
SPEAKER_L: Uh so um, is Lithuanian like where it is? Is it like next to Ukraine?
SPEAKER_R: Um No it's kind of like um so if you were to look like south of Norway there would be um Estonia Latvia Lithuania and then just south of that is uh belarus, which is right now having you know, quite a bit of unrest and the
SPEAKER_L: well thank you all.
SPEAKER_R: right right, and the president was the one who ran against um is actually like hiding out in Lithuania right now because they're right next door. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah the person who he but he lost the protester, they feel like you cheated. Is that what it is? I haven't followed it super closely but I know it's a big issue.
SPEAKER_R: So basically um there was this guy who was going to run against the dictator and he had some support and he had so much support that I think they found some excuse to like um incarcerate him or get him out of the way and his wife, I started running instead and the dictator, he didn't take her seriously because I like you know, she's just a woman. Um then he probably cheats dramatically wins and protests start and then the protests have been getting pretty serious. Very like there's been video of just like lines of protesters with bruises and head injuries saying that they apologize for protesting.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen I've seen how huge they are like on social media and stuff like that. Uh I've seen how sometimes the people and the government like have joined with the protesters. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's that's always an ominous sign for uh you know the dictator. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah but good for you know, you know it's a positive thing if you're a citizen there or probably even if you're in Lithuania to I would think you would rather have a democratic, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no she's um my my girlfriend, she's really rooting for them, she says that you know they are basically a very similar country in a lot of ways, even though they're not, you know Baltic there like Slavic but still it's you know they have a similar history with the soviet union and she's like all these other countries in this region have had these changes and you know had democracies and they are very overdue. Um There was in the original protests, they got the Baltic states freed from the soviet union. Apparently there was a line with people holding hands all the way from Estonia through Latvia through Lithuania, just like one continuous line hands and they wanted to do that again. But this time include Belarus. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that would be really impressive to see that. I don't recall hearing about that, I might have to look that up, it sounds interesting,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think they had
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: it already actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just wondering there's like pictures or something of it um
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure there are, I'm sure there are yeah because my girlfriend was saying that she wanted to be in it but that you had to like actually sign up for a place in it so that it wouldn't be oh chaotic, especially with Covid you so you had to like you know pick where you're going to stand and then she hadn't gotten signed up in time to like get anything nearby.
SPEAKER_L: what do they have in Lithuania, is it for our own democracy or is it what is, I don't I don't know that much about it.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's a democracy. I mean like a lot of european countries that you know has its problems. She doesn't talk to me much about the politics, she says that it's just like, oh I hate the politics here, they depress me, I don't want to think about it. She says, oh,
SPEAKER_L: okay. Probably, I mean they have a lot of issues of you know the young countries that used to be part of the soviet, people can still remember what it used to be like with having a strong leader and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: oh yeah, and a lot of things are inherited from the soviet union, like um it's the homophobia um and a lot of stigma for mental illness, like
SPEAKER_L: Hm
SPEAKER_R: um I mean if you were mentally ill in the soviet union you could basically just be disappeared for that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: go into the camps and stuff with Stalin and Lenin and those guys,
SPEAKER_R: like they just, they didn't let people with disabilities just kind of like stay in their lives, it's you know if you weren't useful they find a way to make a useful kind of deal. And because of that, if you could possibly like hide or mask or not let anyone know that you had any kind of problems, you would do that, like you would just be stealth as much as possible, so that kind of attitude persists even though people aren't getting disappeared for mental illness anymore, it's just like there's a lot of shame about it if anyone has it, you don't talk about it, you know, you can't even talk about like oh seeing a therapist for depression. No, no no one does that nobody has to play. Um.
SPEAKER_L: that's how embedded the old, you know, uh few years or whatever, still kind of floating around.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right, it just became like the culture of hiding it and obviously they do have depression, they have like one of the higher suicide rates in the world. Um Quite a few people also die from like things associated with alcoholism. Apparently a very common way for that to go is people get drunk and they go swimming. There is apparently no lifeguards there and they go swimming and they drown because they're drunk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know, I know that like the in Russia, they still have like, you know, huge problems with like, especially like mail, you know, alcoholics and you know, stuff like that too is like just a culturally um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is a cultural thing and there's like fighting back against it. Like I think they have like certain times of the day, like especially on Sundays where you can't buy alcohol and they might have raised the drinking age I think because most of europe it's 18, I think they might have raised it to 19.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that. Yeah, it's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's crazy to hear it's 21 because most of the world it's 18.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, a lot of people here don't really know that 21 either.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no, I mean I think that's silly really, especially because it's like they either let you have all the alcohol or none of the alcohol and I feel like there should be like an age range in your teens somewhere where like you could have a sip or you can have a glass,
SPEAKER_L: They're like wine cooler versus tequila or something like that,
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's like, you know, get a little used to it, find out how it feels. Don't go too crazy.
SPEAKER_L: right? Versus just wait until you can get away with it and then you just do as much as you can because you don't know when it's gonna happen again.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Like I think that if you did that like maybe it would also take the shine out of it a little, let's like because it's like, oh yeah, I've had that. You know, it wasn't that big of a deal instead of just like let's get shitfaced.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I remember like all my friends who would go like on overseas trips in high school, that was like the main highlight of what they would do because they didn't apply to them so they just go crazy and all the people live there like well you know it's not that big of a deal but yes I think you're probably right now it's just weird to that you can be drafted but you can't buy over here, it's kind of backwards
SPEAKER_R: I mean they actually changed that during the Vietnam war I think for that reason
SPEAKER_L: and then they change it back.
SPEAKER_R: and then they change it back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that sucks but luckily it doesn't apply to me anymore. I don't know about you but but yeah I don't know. Probably not the highest priority thing to fix but you know probably probably not super hard to fix it either. It's not like there's gonna be a lot of people who would oppose it. I don't think.
SPEAKER_R: And it's it's one of those things like um it just kind of shows how the government doesn't reflect what people actually want like on weed. It's like the majority of americans are like yeah that really shouldn't be illegal and
SPEAKER_L: will probably get fixed though. It seems like that's going to get fixed.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: hope it will finally because it's like I feel like this has been going on for years, you know
SPEAKER_L: actually more surprised that they haven't you know just made daylight savings
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: time all year round. That seems like it's a much bigger problem.
SPEAKER_R: I heaven forbid they do something useful so
SPEAKER_L: And that would be like so easy to do. It is just pass, you don't have to spend any money. It doesn't cost
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: anything. It's like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: actually saves money.
SPEAKER_L: probably it would, yeah. Because you wouldn't have to change anything, you know, 20 year.
SPEAKER_R: And I mean I guess it would like cut down on income for all the dev's who have to like make all the things especially for the time zones.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, there is fairly, a lot of compliance overhead that, you know, you could probably probably a lot more than that you would even be able to, you know, know about unless you're actually doing that. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah now I knew a dev who worked on some software that was for midwives um to like record the birth. And so it had to deal with time zones because it had to deal with time zones end with you know the daylight savings time and stuff like that. Um you know to record like when labor started, when the baby was born, et cetera, and if you mess that up, you could have like a labor that lasts a negative amount of time because like the mother goes in like four daylight savings, so
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's all kinds of things like that when you start working on a problem and you're like, oh, I wouldn't have thought about that, but that's kind of tricky. Yeah, that's interesting. I would be more worried about just like, it's just a pain in the butt to switch your clock even though it's done automatically than for most things. But a lot of things don't, and then it screws up your whole week.
SPEAKER_R: oh yeah, isn't more than a week. I think it screws up people's whole month just like the circadian rhythms. You know, you get jet lagged or you just you're throwing off. Like I I agree. Like I don't even care which one people pick. I think people should just pick one. It's like whatever people whichever people want more daylight savings time. No daylight savings time. Just pick one and keep it.
SPEAKER_L: 100%. I agree. I'm gonna have to leave it there because I actually have to get to something else. It's
SPEAKER_R: yeah, actually, but it's good
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: talking