Can
you hear? Hello? Can you hear me? I
can hear you
Yeah, one second. All right,
no problem. You can hear me now.
yeah, some there's sometimes you have the jacks that are have microphone and speaker at the same time.
I just got a new computer and it has a headphone jack and then it has a headphone slash microphone jack. So if you plug something into it, it asks you what the thing is that you're plugging into it and then if you choose to say that, then it will use that every time you plug something into it. Okay.
that is weird.
That's kind of a it's kind of a pretty nice mike. There. Are you would like a podcaster or something?
Good. Looks nice.
What what kind of voice acting your book would you would you be interested in doing? What were you thinking about doing?
what's going on? What's your name? Morgan? I'm josh.
How you doing today?
The other horse?
don't want the liability of people getting the virus and getting started. Probably. Yeah
Are you a swimmer? How much do you swim?
sure.
I just get them running.
Yeah, I have that. Have to do that all the time. So how long have you been doing these things?
You mean running or swimming?
Did you did you do it? Did you swim on the team?
I did not swim on a team but I played um I do like swim but not really that good swimmer. I don't think like you know like this kind of swim but I played in school, I played basketball and I played soccer and um I
played baseball for a while so yeah I played some team sports but then I did in high school I had a job so then I stopped pointing jean shorts.
Yes, yeah, yeah. And it was, it was fun to, and that's kind of a different sort of, you know, group activity, so
Like international business machines? The IBM the Okay,
is this Rochester Rochester?
Okay. I don't know where that is sort
of sort of, it's
like, it's like sort of go on the way out of new york city. Right,
So you're pretty, you're pretty, you're pretty close to. Yeah,
New york city. The city, yeah. Is that where you grew up?
Yeah, I don't even think of IBM is like being like a physical, like manufacturer anymore, but I
know
they probably were, I mean they also have been not too recently, they probably still do have some aspects of it.
Great.
Yeah, you wouldn't think that uh toothbrushes and xboxes would have, you know, a lot of commonality, but I guess, you know, some of what they do, it's kind of I'll think about that the next time I'm playing on my Xbox.
Yeah, it's like, wait a minute. So I brush my teeth before I
do this.
right. It's a well, paul,
I
did hear it. Yeah, the prolific art. Yeah.
Uh yeah, so um how long have you been doing these things with the prolific thing?
Um I don't remember, I mean these things that we're doing now, I guess I did one like back in february or March I think, and I just, I just, you know, they keep sending them out. So I've done a couple of them since um how
many of these have you done?
Are they, have they generally been good? Like what was the most, you know? Uh
Right. Yeah. I was I have described it as going to like a party where like the person that you knew like left early or something like that.
New york's pretty awesome. Yeah. Yeah,
I love new york, I've lived there for like a couple months at a time, a couple different times, so I always try to get back up there when I can. But yeah, the people are the best card and in the city, in the city has just had a very special obviously too. But.
Well
there's nothing there's nothing like it.
Yeah. It's funny too because like in L. A. People sit in traffic, you know, just as much if not more and they really don't do that, they just sort of all are in their own world and just sort of wait it out and you're like you know everyone has uh
what?
Yeah. I don't know. I know I think I think it's just it's just a cultural, well I mean it's pretty the weather is a little bit better so you can like you know to sit in you know you're sitting on the floor you know four or five or whatever and it's nice out. At least there's no you're not in like a concrete you know jungle. Um So and you probably you know everyone else's driving everywhere to in new york, there's other people who aren't in the car and there might be getting there faster and so there you're missing out relative to them. You can't do that in L. A. So
yeah sticking out from
what's Vancouver like. I don't know maybe I think I may have been there once but I don't really have an X. Memory of it
experience.
yeah,
I lived in Seattle and they're kind of like the same weather system and I've described it the same like so beautifully clear like all the time and you can smell the trees and everything, it's like really different.
Yeah, it's really cool. I want to get to think I I think I've been there once but it was it was just for like a very short period of time when I was in Seattle that I would like to go there and spend more time. What did you what else did you like about, you know being there, were you working there, are you going to school or
distance? Which is like with the leaves? Right. Not the pine meals. Yeah.
No, no.
So which which do you think is your is are you more of a, like, you know, obviously you're, everybody's from somewhere, but are you more of a east Coast person or more of a west coast person? Like by your nature? What you say?
Thank
you.
Yeah. So you think you're gonna stay in new york or do you uh don't know.
Is that that's your girlfriend is from?
does she live there? She, does she work work? They're both. Is
that that's where she's from?
Yeah, especially right now. So how did you meet her?
How have you been to the 20 it
plans got I I got thrown up in the air for everybody. Sure,
it's
weird because the way that I was always pretty, I'm in more of like a tech software type thing, so I was always like a little bit more remote anyways, so it actually hasn't been as big of a shift but not being able to go to restaurants and stuff. Pretty much sucks. Especially you know it it was okay for the first month or two but then now it's just like you know it just sort of like you know wouldn't wouldn't mind it over. Yeah.
and yeah it does seem like that it's not going to end you know for every time soon with the current person in charge of things. Um So
but no one can control him so
we just have to wait them out. Hopefully it won't be there.
Get
some deals.
Yeah it's pretty pretty bad. But uh well so now Lithuania what like that's like a former soviet bloc country right?
So thank
you.
and you never know with with Putin you know he might just decide to take over another country that used to be part of the study union.
that that might start a world war but you know who knows what's what's gonna happen now?
Yeah he's definitely pretty uh underhanded and sneaky vend a cious
yeah.
Uh so um, is Lithuanian like where it is? Is it like next to Ukraine?
well thank you all.
so yeah the person who he but he lost the protester, they feel like you cheated. Is that what it is? I haven't followed it super closely but I know it's a big issue.
I've seen I've seen how huge they are like on social media and stuff like that. Uh I've seen how sometimes the people and the government like have joined with the protesters. Um
yeah but good for you know, you know it's a positive thing if you're a citizen there or probably even if you're in Lithuania to I would think you would rather have a democratic, yeah.
Yeah that would be really impressive to see that. I don't recall hearing about that, I might have to look that up, it sounds interesting,
I'm
just wondering there's like pictures or something of it um
what do they have in Lithuania, is it for our own democracy or is it what is, I don't I don't know that much about it.
okay. Probably, I mean they have a lot of issues of you know the young countries that used to be part of the soviet, people can still remember what it used to be like with having a strong leader and stuff like that.
Hm
to
go into the camps and stuff with Stalin and Lenin and those guys,
that's how embedded the old, you know, uh few years or whatever, still kind of floating around.
Yeah, I know, I know that like the in Russia, they still have like, you know, huge problems with like, especially like mail, you know, alcoholics and you know, stuff like that too is like just a culturally um
I didn't know that. Yeah, it's interesting.
Yeah. Well, a lot of people here don't really know that 21 either.
They're like wine cooler versus tequila or something like that,
right? Versus just wait until you can get away with it and then you just do as much as you can because you don't know when it's gonna happen again.
Yeah. Yeah. I remember like all my friends who would go like on overseas trips in high school, that was like the main highlight of what they would do because they didn't apply to them so they just go crazy and all the people live there like well you know it's not that big of a deal but yes I think you're probably right now it's just weird to that you can be drafted but you can't buy over here, it's kind of backwards
and then they change it back.
Yeah that sucks but luckily it doesn't apply to me anymore. I don't know about you but but yeah I don't know. Probably not the highest priority thing to fix but you know probably probably not super hard to fix it either. It's not like there's gonna be a lot of people who would oppose it. I don't think.
will probably get fixed though. It seems like that's going to get fixed.
I'm
actually more surprised that they haven't you know just made daylight savings
time all year round. That seems like it's a much bigger problem.
And that would be like so easy to do. It is just pass, you don't have to spend any money. It doesn't cost
anything. It's like, you know,
probably it would, yeah. Because you wouldn't have to change anything, you know, 20 year.
Yeah. Yeah, there is fairly, a lot of compliance overhead that, you know, you could probably probably a lot more than that you would even be able to, you know, know about unless you're actually doing that. Um,
yeah, there's all kinds of things like that when you start working on a problem and you're like, oh, I wouldn't have thought about that, but that's kind of tricky. Yeah, that's interesting. I would be more worried about just like, it's just a pain in the butt to switch your clock even though it's done automatically than for most things. But a lot of things don't, and then it screws up your whole week.
100%. I agree. I'm gonna have to leave it there because I actually have to get to something else. It's
great.