work?
let's see, that might be on my end.
Um Hold on a sec. Sorry, it's probably because I plug the microphone in.
now I should be able to hear you. Sorry about that. Okay, now I can hear you. I'm sorry, that was my
Yeah. Yeah, now every time I plug this microphone in it wants to send the sound, the outgoing sound to the microphone too. He's never yeah.
right, right. Yeah, it's not like a headphone jack, but it's got nothing called in it, there's nothing that could even place out.
Yeah yeah, mine. Um It has one combination jack, but this is actually a U. S. B. Mic. Mhm.
Yeah, but then the U. S. B. Mic has its own headphone jack.
No, I just um I like the mic.
Thanks. Yeah, no, I I thought about doing some kind of like voice acting or um like recording audio books or something, but I never actually did it.
Oh I was just thinking about like doing whatever is available for pay or something, or just like whatever projects other people are working on morgan
dust cloth.
Pretty good. Um I just went swimming in the pool. Um We have and like it's not mine, I just like there's a club here that has an outdoor pool, which is the only pool open for a while.
Yeah, well just that one outdoor pool, um the other outdoor pools are owned by the city and the city, for some reason, doesn't want to fill up. Yeah,
but I mean, I'm in new york and we were like, like, like a little bit upstate, not in new york city, and we were cleared, like in july in early july to have outdoor pools reopened, and they just there like, no, we're not going to deal with that.
Well, I've been trying to do just about every day in this one because I figure I've got limited days I can do it because it's outdoors and it gets cold here, so, uh,
yeah.
cool. Yeah, I like running. I, I used to do a bit more of it. I want to get back into it. I had some like weird injury or something that I wanted to rest. Uh
I would say like basically my whole life,
um, well swimming, I guess I started getting serious about around 10 years ago, running a little bit after that. But I mean I was cycling, which I still do since I was like 12 or something and I was always active as a kid, so.
Oh no, no, I was never on any team sports. How about you though?
mm
that'll eat up all your time.
Yeah. Yeah. So um my first job when I was like 19 or something, I was waiting tables and the restaurant had a long break in the middle of the day that was like a couple of hours and I didn't have a car, like my mom drove me to work and back. So I was just like hanging around the neighborhood, you know, had nothing to do. And so I would like, I wasn't serious swimming then, but I would just go like swimming like splash around in this creek. And later I found out that the years I was doing that, that creek was like being super poisoned by IBM.
Yeah. Yeah. There's um there's some big IBM facilities around here and they've actually
no, it's a it's further north of that. Um that just
well, you know where uh Westchester is? It's
like to count
right right it's like Westchester is just north of the Bronx and then two counties above that. It's me.
Yeah.
Yeah actually it is um in the city but uh yeah so IBM actually has this whole history of polluting around here. Um They there was a pretty serious case where something they dumped got into people's well water and actually killed like some families and there were some lawsuits and they paid the people who were alive at the time quite a bit of money but they died of cancer a few years later. So. Yeah.
I
know.
Yeah there's um they've closed a lot and they've also kind of like change their facilities to other businesses a lot. Like
um one of the facilities that used to be IBM became phillips, it's horrible. And my mom worked there for a bit like she said that they were manufacturing like the microchips that go in Xboxes and then like the sonic, your toothbrushes and stuff like that.
Like could you use the chip to brush teeth?
It's
the same facility, remember I was a teenager when she was working there and they gave her this free electric toothbrush because they just like sometimes give employees the things that they're microchips go into and I was like but they didn't give you the Xbox. What?
Ah Apparently they did give away an Xbox new studies available on prolific nor that no new studies. Um I don't know if you heard that because sometimes my mic actually filters that sound coming out of my speakers
and sometimes it doesn't. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah there's no new studies, don't worry.
Um Probably since like last year, like around october I think. How about you?
I
think this is my third.
It's pretty good. I mean it's kind of like you know when you're just like having a conversation with someone at a bus stop, you know you just you're just hanging out chill, they're cool person, you know? And then you kind of get on your buses and go your separate ways. Yeah.
Yeah man, now I guess um I'm just more used to like that's how it is in new york city. Um My girlfriend was visiting me in new york city and we were just like on the bus coming back from the airport and this guy with this like thick Brooklyn accent just starts making conversation with us like oh you're from Lithuania. I obviously telling us all about the sights of what we got to see, you just basically being like a tour guide for free and I'm like that to new york right?
I mean like like anyone from there, I have my problem with it. But
Yeah it's it's kind of a mixed bag for me though. It's it's kind of funny whenever I like get out of Grand Central Station or something after I've been away somewhere else for a while and the first thing I hear is just all the midtown Manhattan, you know and that's not midtown, that's that is kind of midtown. I don't know, I'm sounding like I'm not from there but um I haven't been there in a while so you just hear all the cars uh you know just people letting out their emotions and it's just like I'm home, we
don't,
right people don't do that anywhere else and you know people who aren't from there asking like why are they all honking? And I'm like there just expressing their feelings, their venting their spleens.
That's really they just like
do they have more weed or they were chill?
yeah. Yeah. Especially around here where it's more verbal whenever there's any kind of traffic jam which isn't often and I started actually passing people on my bicycle, you can see the drivers just like and on my, you know ring ring and a little balance. Uh
Yeah. But uh no I think you're right that it's cultural. I mean I lived in Vancouver for a couple of years and they're definitely more quiet there about things. Mm
Well
I was there um like 2000 and 9 to 2012 which was before the forest fire started making it unlivable every summer. Um
I've been hearing how since then every summer it's just like, you know like how it is in California, just like smog and smoke and poor air quality and no one can breathe. But it wasn't like that at all when I was there it was the complete opposite, it was so clear and so blue like every day sunny 80 degrees um got this very fresh salt smell of the sea coming in um
it's so blue. Like maybe it's just like the mountains that are right there, the coast mountains and the the way they color the skyscrapers in downtown. But I would just like look around and I feel like everything is so blue here, there's so much color.
Uh No no I was mooching off someone but no it's I mean I think every place kind of has its own feel, its own personality and yeah I like just like the nature, the feel of that too. Like it's a rain forest sort of but it has sort of deciduous trees everywhere, not deciduous, coniferous instead of the decision because here it's all the deciduous trees
Yeah and we have like over here we have like a lot of bramble and prickly bushes and underbrush and you can't walk a yard off the trail without you know just like trying to fight your way through with a machete. But there it's like you know in the stock photos where it's just like ground trees and the trees are just like these perfect pillars and you could just like walk between them, you could see between them and they're mostly the coniferous ones with the needles. It just feels very peaceful. I mean I think the whole west coast has a lot of that kind of ecosystem in it. But yeah it's peaceful, it's cool. But you know temperate, that's it. It's temperate. Like the summers don't get super hot, the winters don't get super cold. Um uh The people are are a lot more quiet and kind of like it's kind of like the anti new york in some ways because like people, they're always saying how like everyone's really isolated, everyone's lonely. No one talks to each other one time I just like randomly asked a girl on the street for direction because I got lost and she just like jumped like a ghost talk to her like
she's just like, you know or like she was just like you can see me, you're talking to me and I'm like yeah, do you know where um
I really don't know. I think that I have hearts that are comfortable more comfortable with both because
like I do like you
know that you can kind of just get left alone on the West Coast, that, you know, at least in Vancouver, like, I was catcalled maybe once in three years, where around here I can get catcalled more than once a day. So I I do like that people kind of mind their business more sometimes, but then I also like that in new york, they don't mess around, they don't like, they don't blow smoke up your ass, they don't lie to you, if they have something to say, they'll say it, it's up front and honest. So, like, my ideal would be if they were like, less in your face, more like letting my letting you mind your own business. But when you do interact, it's truth, you know, none of this subterfuge. And you should get what I'm implying. I don't get what anyone's implying. Maybe
I'll go to Lithuania.
that's where she is now. Yeah.
Both, Yeah, she's
she's Lithuanian and you know, immigration is a mess in both directions, so uh
um online, just, you know, we're both artists or in some art communities. No,
I was actually supposed to go this summer.
Yeah. Did you? I'm sure you had
some big changes to,
You know, you're always like, oh, it if you have to do it for like, this will be like two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, okay, we can we can take one for the team, you can put things on pause and then it's like, this isn't going to end, is it?
Mhm.
This girl,
he's
like, I can
control me.
Yeah.
there a Baltic
country and they were former soviet. Um like we've had discussions and you know, which is the best place to live and I'm like raise your hand if your country has been a country for more than 30 years. Oh.
Oh yeah, everyone's nervous about that. Like the that entire former soviet region. I've been telling people for years that you not only wants like all those countries back, he's not gonna stop until you get the east Germany back,
Yeah, he's pretty clever with it.
yeah,
you know, kind of like a cartoon supervillain, xanatos gambit stuff, there's so many steps that this complicated plan.
Um No it's kind of like um so if you were to look like south of Norway there would be um Estonia Latvia Lithuania and then just south of that is uh belarus, which is right now having you know, quite a bit of unrest and the
right right, and the president was the one who ran against um is actually like hiding out in Lithuania right now because they're right next door. Okay.
So basically um there was this guy who was going to run against the dictator and he had some support and he had so much support that I think they found some excuse to like um incarcerate him or get him out of the way and his wife, I started running instead and the dictator, he didn't take her seriously because I like you know, she's just a woman. Um then he probably cheats dramatically wins and protests start and then the protests have been getting pretty serious. Very like there's been video of just like lines of protesters with bruises and head injuries saying that they apologize for protesting.
that's that's always an ominous sign for uh you know the dictator. Yeah,
no she's um my my girlfriend, she's really rooting for them, she says that you know they are basically a very similar country in a lot of ways, even though they're not, you know Baltic there like Slavic but still it's you know they have a similar history with the soviet union and she's like all these other countries in this region have had these changes and you know had democracies and they are very overdue. Um There was in the original protests, they got the Baltic states freed from the soviet union. Apparently there was a line with people holding hands all the way from Estonia through Latvia through Lithuania, just like one continuous line hands and they wanted to do that again. But this time include Belarus. Uh
Yeah, I think they had
it already actually. Yeah.
I'm sure there are, I'm sure there are yeah because my girlfriend was saying that she wanted to be in it but that you had to like actually sign up for a place in it so that it wouldn't be oh chaotic, especially with Covid you so you had to like you know pick where you're going to stand and then she hadn't gotten signed up in time to like get anything nearby.
it's it's a democracy. I mean like a lot of european countries that you know has its problems. She doesn't talk to me much about the politics, she says that it's just like, oh I hate the politics here, they depress me, I don't want to think about it. She says, oh,
oh yeah, and a lot of things are inherited from the soviet union, like um it's the homophobia um and a lot of stigma for mental illness, like
um I mean if you were mentally ill in the soviet union you could basically just be disappeared for that. Uh
So
like they just, they didn't let people with disabilities just kind of like stay in their lives, it's you know if you weren't useful they find a way to make a useful kind of deal. And because of that, if you could possibly like hide or mask or not let anyone know that you had any kind of problems, you would do that, like you would just be stealth as much as possible, so that kind of attitude persists even though people aren't getting disappeared for mental illness anymore, it's just like there's a lot of shame about it if anyone has it, you don't talk about it, you know, you can't even talk about like oh seeing a therapist for depression. No, no no one does that nobody has to play. Um.
Right, right, it just became like the culture of hiding it and obviously they do have depression, they have like one of the higher suicide rates in the world. Um Quite a few people also die from like things associated with alcoholism. Apparently a very common way for that to go is people get drunk and they go swimming. There is apparently no lifeguards there and they go swimming and they drown because they're drunk.
Yeah. Yeah. It is a cultural thing and there's like fighting back against it. Like I think they have like certain times of the day, like especially on Sundays where you can't buy alcohol and they might have raised the drinking age I think because most of europe it's 18, I think they might have raised it to 19.
Yeah. It's crazy to hear it's 21 because most of the world it's 18.
Yeah. No, no, I mean I think that's silly really, especially because it's like they either let you have all the alcohol or none of the alcohol and I feel like there should be like an age range in your teens somewhere where like you could have a sip or you can have a glass,
Right. It's like, you know, get a little used to it, find out how it feels. Don't go too crazy.
Right. Right. Like I think that if you did that like maybe it would also take the shine out of it a little, let's like because it's like, oh yeah, I've had that. You know, it wasn't that big of a deal instead of just like let's get shitfaced.
I mean they actually changed that during the Vietnam war I think for that reason
and then they change it back.
And it's it's one of those things like um it just kind of shows how the government doesn't reflect what people actually want like on weed. It's like the majority of americans are like yeah that really shouldn't be illegal and
I
hope it will finally because it's like I feel like this has been going on for years, you know
it
I heaven forbid they do something useful so
it
actually saves money.
And I mean I guess it would like cut down on income for all the dev's who have to like make all the things especially for the time zones.
Oh yeah now I knew a dev who worked on some software that was for midwives um to like record the birth. And so it had to deal with time zones because it had to deal with time zones end with you know the daylight savings time and stuff like that. Um you know to record like when labor started, when the baby was born, et cetera, and if you mess that up, you could have like a labor that lasts a negative amount of time because like the mother goes in like four daylight savings, so
oh yeah, isn't more than a week. I think it screws up people's whole month just like the circadian rhythms. You know, you get jet lagged or you just you're throwing off. Like I I agree. Like I don't even care which one people pick. I think people should just pick one. It's like whatever people whichever people want more daylight savings time. No daylight savings time. Just pick one and keep it.
yeah, actually, but it's good
talking