Okay. Yeah. Right. Human. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Hey good morning,
good cardio. Right.
Well you're good. Yeah. Well my name is Michelle, what's your name?
Sorry say that again,
Senator.
no
you're good. I think it was just like mine cut out for a second so
awesome. Uh Well how how was your weekend?
Yeah. Yeah same here. Um I well actually I did get out to I live in the boston area so I went to Salem for just like walk around and see like you know the Halloween stuff? But
it's really cool. It's like uh it's definitely Halloween town so that was really interesting because like despite Covid like people had integrated masks into their costumes and stuff
so yeah it was cool to see but there's a little more crowded than I expected, which I think is like a good and a bad thing. But um yeah it was neat so.
nice. Yeah. Did you did you guys like meet up or did they come
up?
Oh my gosh. Yeah,
wow. She's going to be busy, that's for sure.
Well, oh my gosh, wow.
I mean I admire her. I could not do that, but
good. Yeah. Yeah, it's weird. It's I mean, yeah, I haven't seen my family for a while either and it's just like, I mean sometimes it's nice the other times they're just like, wow, it's been months and
normally,
you know, during normal times it's like weeks or so, but yeah,
uh not anymore. Um they, most of them are in the midwest so, but yeah, but um yeah, I don't know if I'm going to go home for the holidays. You're not just because like, you know, driving from boston to like ST louis, I don't know, it's a long drive one, but to like, I don't know, I'm a little leery of like getting gas and like all that stuff like randomly along the way and just the states a little bit different on how like seriously they're taking covid. So it's just uh we'll see.
Mhm. Um Where what city do you live in?
Oh nice. Okay. Yes.
We're both on the east coast. Cool. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh This is my second conversation and the first girl was from SAn Diego and I was just like, oh my gosh, well you're up early and she's like, yeah, well
she's a teacher so it made sense but
Oh my gosh wow.
I guess
you're hurt. Yeah. I I love this. Well I don't know if you're using like prolific or not but I'm glad like I found out about it because it seems to be like the most lucrative and it's easy. It's very user friendly.
Yeah. Well, and like the studies to are actually interesting. Like it's not like a marketing thing, you know? So it's like, I kind of feel like I'm actually helping with.
Yeah. Or just like watching videos or I don't know, like brainless stuff and yeah. So
yeah. Thanks. Yeah, my partner and I like to travel a lot. I mean
obviously,
um a lot of places, uh, we, we were able to get to like Eastern, europe and um Mauritius, which is an island off of africa right before Covid came and got serious, but that's the only travel we've done this year. Um and I don't know when that will like restart. I don't even know if like next year is like a safe guest or not. But
don't
either be,
well the same, I'd rather just be done and like you know, completely clear than opening up and then shutting down and then you know like I'd rather not do all of this again. But yeah, that's a long time to wait so.
Yeah, no kidding.
Oh no, I've I've been to a lot of places like over the years just because um my partner's job, like he travels for a living, so I get to sometimes go with him. I've been to I think Around 30 countries which is kind
of crazy but it's made. Um
But
I mean there's a lot of stuff in the country, I haven't seen the either so I don't know. Yes. But
um I would say well I really like Seoul Korea, it was really interesting. Um It it's a big city but it was like surprisingly familiar and easy, like very walkable. Um I don't speak korean at all but like I was still able to like figure it out um which was good and the food is awesome, like they're very um like its asian food but like they're like they're they're like junk food and they like you know beer and all that stuff too, so it was
like easy, it wasn't like a complete like shift um like astronomically so that was good. But
um Mongolia. Um just because it's really random and I know nothing about that country besides like genghis khan. So you know I kind of want to change that perception since that's like several 1000 years old but
Oh well that's cool. Yeah, you know more than I do.
Yeah. Yeah and I know they like horses a lot, like it's a everybody knows how to ride and it's part of their cultures. That would be pretty cool too. But how about you, where would you where would you go if
you want to pick Ireland? Oh that
would be
I've never been I've heard it's like absolutely beautiful like in the spring and summer.
Are you
are you more of like a Guinness or like a whiskey person or do you drink or?
Yeah. Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah.
Um
Do you? Oh go ahead.
No
it's yeah I just I don't know I feel like if I were to go you'd almost have to go to either the brewery or the story. But uh what what cities would you want to go to or just all of them or?
Yeah. That's really cool. Can you like would you be able to reconnect with family or? Like is there
that would be cool. Um I don't know, I've I've heard that. Yeah, Ireland is beautiful. So I hope you get to go in 2022.
No.
no, I'm I do the same thing all the time and I've never been to any of those countries. I think
it yeah, it would be so awesome. Like just like a european tour, it would be fun. It's
Yeah. Actually I haven't really been to any of the big national parks in the west, so like even like Yellowstone, like that would be awesome just to like I hear, you know like if you hit it at the right time with like certain animal migrations and stuff, but it's really cool um like
grand Tetons, you know, something like that would be really often. Um
Yeah. Yeah. And I mean speaking of Alaska, that would be interesting to
I this is my
first winter in boston so I'll see how I can handle the cold here first. But um yeah then once I graduate I'll try Alaska sometime.
Okay. Good good. Yeah because I grew up somewhere with snow, like south of Chicago and indiana but like nothing like this, so I'm a little intimidated. But
yeah. Yeah. Um I'm debating if it's like socially acceptable to like get one of those full length like parka, like you know sleeping bags with arms and just
walk
around and that. Yeah, so that's the plan.
so
I'm actually I'm not um I
work first start up. Um We were pretty young so hence the surveys on the side. But um we build custom machine learning models for like analyzing um customer service data. Like any survey that you fill out, or like chat or phone conversations, like all the like basically social media companies or like online like e commerce companies can't like keep up because there's so much data so they hire us out to like create machine learning models to read it for them, and then like train like we train the models on their data so that they can like respond in like real
time
instead of. Yeah, it's really interesting. Um
But yeah but yeah it's a start up so it's like a slow growth process, so
I don't know. Yeah, I mean I don't know if I would work for a start up again, but like it's really interesting to be like part of, I mean someone's brain child and like also building a new technology. So
yeah, we'll see, we'll see what happens. We survived Covid. So that's good. But
what do you do for a living?
awesome. Yeah. No, good for you. That's awesome. What's your like, what's your favorite uh charities and volunteer
for?
Uh
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't have any kids, but I imagine that's like a full time job plus like two. So I mean, yeah, but it only makes sense to me. Let's,
yeah. Is your, your older child, is she in school nearby or she like far away?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't know, I don't know how people are doing it because like, I mean it's hard working remotely, but like being in school, especially like for your child in in high school, like I can't imagine because it's like half of it like is being at school and you know, all the social stuff of that too. But
Yeah. Yeah. And it's like what I want to I think like kids are a little bit more like better equipped to deal with covid if they get it. But like still you don't want to like, you know, you don't want anyone to get it. So it's just Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah. That's that's good because yes, 100 I couldn't I wouldn't have been able to do that in high school at all. So.
Yeah. The last lady I was talking to was like This grade teacher and she was it's 100% remote and she said it's like awful because like her students are depressed and like, you
know, they
kind of like they kind of depend on going to school because I guess um like some of them have some tough like family lives too. And
she's just like, it's so hard because you know school was their break and now they don't have that even and you know plus like getting zoom set up all day and all that stuff it's just like I can't imagine. So.
it,
right. Yeah it was it was really interesting and I just hope that like like one that everyone's education isn't set back because of that but also like everyone can recover from that because it's just I can't imagine like this big of an upset and you're like life especially at such a crucial time. Yeah.
Yeah it's really interesting because that's kind of what my partner does. He works in college admissions and he does international so that's why he gets to travel but like they're already kind of like some of the admission requirements have changed. You know it's like you have to have normally it's S. A. T. Or G. R. E. But they're allowing like really well written essays and it's like okay well I wish I had that requirement because you know the S. A. T. S. A couple $100 to take and prep for and all that and like you know and I think two yeah like if all of your classes are online but you do something really physically demanding like nursing. How does that translate? And
I don't
know.
Yeah that's got to be I mean I think they do like what like web check ins with patients and stuff but that's not
the same. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah I hear you. Are you um are you guys doing anything for Halloween like do you plan on having trigger treaters or? It's kind
of.
that's smart. Yeah that makes sense. Yeah. Otherwise I don't read through it at people or Yeah. How does that work?
Good.
Yeah, that's exactly yeah. I don't, I live in an apartment complex. I don't know if, I mean there's a few kids that I've seen around, but like, I don't know if that's normal to like trick or treat to each apartment or. Yeah, we'll see.
Yeah, exactly. I gotta
get,
yeah, my favorite kind and then, yeah, we'll see. Maybe I'll share it. Yeah. Yeah.
Nice.
It's crazy the stuff you have to think about what it was everything to, but
Right. Yeah. I was just one like, I know you go to Costco or Sam's Club and like half the time is still sold out and you're like, all right, I guess, you know, next month or whenever, you know, it's
wild.
Oh yeah, no, I just gave up on that. Like I think I have, yeah, I have one of the giant, like I guess it's like two gallon, like tubs of Lysol or something that just keep like using that and yeah.
Yeah. Uh well cool. Do
you have any
pets? Go ahead.
just do they get along or do you have to?
no.
Oh my gosh, That sounds
adorable.
enough.
Yeah. Yeah. What, what's
his name,
napoleon? It's awesome. Was like perfect dog dog. Named for a little dog. That's awesome. And um
my gosh. Uh how, how long did turtles look for?
she's like, wow.
What
kind of
turtle is she?
that's
Yeah, wow, that's really
So do you like let her out and she just kind of like wonders? Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome.
No, I have a £80 for a child named is mirror and she's a rottweiler German Shepherd Mix, she's a giant baby. Um
Yeah, the eyebrows are just like out of control. She's very expressive and very dramatic. So um I'm surprised she hasn't like forced her way into the room right now. But um yeah, she's she's great, she's three years old so she is starting to mellow out but she's still very puppy like a lot of times too, so
All
Oh my God. Hello there, napoleon. Oh. Oh my gosh,
I like his
coloring.
Oh
he's cute.
Oh my gosh!
Yeah dogs are funny. I don't think they ever really understand their size or like,
you know where they should sit or anything because like ours, I mean if she could she would probably try the same thing. But.
Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. You start like petting her and she just like turns around like oh no, scratch my back, okay. It's not really
what I
wanted to
um She's kind of middle, like it's not hi like the front half is very rot but the back half is very shepherds. Like her tail is really long and like the tail hair is very long. Um But her markings are very Rottweilers.
It's like half and half, it's not as like compact. Um But she's got like it's pretty squared off but like she has like a german shepherd knows a little bit longer. So
she's a note. Yeah, she's great.
live
really close to the Charles river, so there's a big trail that we can walk her on. It's that helps because like, I mean something that big, like she's got to be like out all the time just because of her energy levels and I mean it helps like keep me active too, so that's good.
Yeah, yeah, it's that's how I refer to my dog too, because she's just, sometimes you're just like, you're three years old, like having, you know, I know, you know this like you're trained like what is going on here, but Okay,
Mhm. Is this sweet?
Oh
yeah,
yep. Yeah, that's um I think when I was like filling out the first couple of questions before the video starts, like there is this like banging noise, like the on the door, like his mother was trying to come in and yeah, hang out, so I'm surprised that she hasn't like followed up, but yeah, same
thing,
very,
very
clingy.
Got to be involved yep. That's awesome.
Yeah. Well um it was good talking to you so
I've
got to get
back to
work but
I really appreciate it. Yes. Nice
to me
to Shannon. All
right have a happy Halloween.