Okay. How are you?
Yes. Mhm. My dog got excited, heard me talking. Yeah.
I'm planning
it's okay, Shannon. It's
my might not. Let's
see.
There we go. Turn it up a little.
Yeah. Good. How was your as well? I mean as good as you can. We're not doing anything so cross fucking good. I guess.
How? I've never been there. I've always wanted to go.
That's neat.
I think people are just ready to get out. You know, we're just tired. I don't think I saw a family this weekend. That was the first time I've seen them and since March, so it was nice. Mhm.
We
just hung out at my mom's house. You know like my niece is is she has a nine month old and is expected because she's crazy expecting another one december
so And a puppy. Uh huh.
And void carpet because she's nuts. But there's a
No,
no, it was fun. It was good to see people and for a change.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Do you live near them or?
I know. Yeah. It's it's uh but my daughter is in college and she's not I haven't seen her since august. That's it. It's hard. You know, I don't that's the worst part of being away from family I think
in philadelphia.
This
yeah. I figured I think we're getting anybody west coast is early.
I had
This is my 4th 1. I had Alaska the other day, which was nice. Yeah. It was the only guy I've met. So that was different. The other two I've had. Yeah. Women Well one was a girl that she was about 16.
That
was hard.
it is. I told so many people about it. Nobody seems to want. And I'm like it's just it's great to supplement. I mean it's not a lot but it pays for small things.
Right because it's educational right? I know I've tried the other flights where it's like surveys I can't stand them. The
I like your map and he keeps catching my eye in the background.
We've
been.
Yeah they're saying 2022 now but we'll see. I'm
hoping
not.
you just fix it fix it. Yeah
so they're the only to places you've been outside the country you said you like to travel?
I know.
That's so exciting.
Well I didn't have my passport yet you know I've never left the country.
Where is your favorite part? Where was your favorite place to go?
Course?
that's good. Yeah I don't if you had to go anywhere that you haven't been where would you go? Yeah.
I don't know anything about it. My my Godfather's Mongolian that's about all I know.
You know it was a really brown face. I don't mean that that's you know like characteristic
Ireland.
What
is the island?
and laid back I have heard everybody
but yeah
I'm not really a star, I'm more of a red brian drink beers, a red beer
or youngling. Unrelentingly yeah.
Yeah. Not
that was the amount of huge drink. Okay I do
drink.
just yeah it's just all around it from the you know I mean I have this where my family came from originally but or most of them
I don't know I don't know how many still over there you know like most most came here during the potato famine. So yeah
like we'd like to go there I think I think I'd like to see like Denmark and Holland and Norway and Sweden and I said Hollande like that was the city but you know
you know what I mean?
Parents.
How about in the U. S. Is there someplace that you haven't been that you want to go? Yeah. He said you haven't.
All
Yeah I like to see the giant redwoods I think.
it has
it.
what we're supposed to get a mild winter so hopefully you won't get too bad.
He said well I mean your further north of me so you would get more than we get. But
it
is
I'm just uncomfortable, don't worry about it. What
are you in school for?
I would tell you.
I was
like
there is
that's
Yes sounds exciting. Be on the cusp of something like that.
that's good.
Um Actually I'm a mom that's that's my so yeah I was a teacher but it didn't make enough to to Stay with it when my kids were little so I stayed home and then I mean my kids are older now, they're 21 and 17. But I volunteer um I do a lot of volunteer for a lot of charities. So that's my. Uh huh. Somebody has to.
terry.
I just well we do I do the dude hates cancer. Um And then I do a lot of uh a lot of stuff with their school for for my son's school. Well he's got two years his junior so he's got two years left. Uh huh.
But they're my main focus right now. Um Yeah I just it's you know it's somebody has to do it, it works. But my husband he's an architect so he travels a lot. So somebody, one of us had to stay home.
it's fun. It's worth it.
Yes. No she's she's in Bradner so she's about about 90 minutes away. Um And she's in her senior year. So it's a rough it's rough year to have Covid but you know because you're missing out on a lot.
Yeah. They're missing out on a lot of things like dances and um He just got invited to a Sweet 16 where there was like 80 people going and we're like, no,
Well he works that he loved, he looked at a little because he's hybrid. So he's in School 2 - three days a week. So at least he's in class. Um
a plant and then he's home.
It's it's hard and I guess I mean even great. Great. I think it's worse than the grade schoolers though. Like it's harder for them to learn on
well
that's
no.
a lot of um I don't know where she was, but a lot of food dependencies for school too because you know, they
keep provide breakfast I think and lunch now, so you know.
I worry what if it's going to carry over to employers, like if they're going to look at kids that graduated from college and go, we didn't really graduate because you know, like you were virtual and like Yeah.
Yeah, they're
missing
there. There are practical as the nursing students, my daughter's friends that are nursing
like
my my uh she has a couple of friends that are teaching to, they're supposed to be in classrooms. What are you supposed to do with that? You know, like they are going and they're working with small groups is what they're doing instead of being in the classroom. Which I guess is more one on one so maybe it helps a little bit. Um
Yeah, I
hate to think of doctors not not getting there, you know, coming up not having their practice. I don't wanna be the patient.
It's strange but hopefully it ends soon. All of it. The strength, the politics that everything just stopped.
I'm gonna
we're building a PVC pipe down gonna ramp so we can drop the candy and
we're allowed to have it. The city is allowed to have it. So at least there's that
and we'll see. You know, I don't know how many we're going to get. A lot of parents are like but more candy is the ones that come I guess.
Yeah. You grab bag candy if you get them you get them. If not you have candy
we
lost.
That's what we do. But yeah, I have. My my best friend comes over. Which is nice because I haven't seen her in a while. And then My son is having like a group of like 10 kids. They all go to school with him still over here. Um
I'm like, all right, we're opening up all the windows, make sure it's ventilated. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. And and trying to get supplies still starting to get, you know like I don't know about you, but I'm keeping it running, you know, a little bit more paper towels and a little bit more toilet paper just in case they close it down again.
I haven't
been able to get Clorox wipes in since March.
Paper towels and *** and span I think is what we're using here. Just trying to keep the germs down. But
Well,
I mean
yeah, the dog and a turtle. Mhm.
And they don't really notice each other. I mean my dog marks that are occasionally but uh Jack I'm looking at him over there, he's a
Jack, russell, chihuahua. Uh
So
he jumps really high but he's not very smart. Yeah.
Now he's cute. I think he's a cat personally but you know
do it
napoleon
is there? And then the turtle speedy. She's 23. Mhm.
100. They live to be under it. He's
she's so young. Yeah it's funny. You can count um they have rings around their shells and you can count their age, go on the rings going off their shells
isn't
it?
She's a box turtle. So she's about like like that big, it's not huge. Yeah
she was my classroom pet and then I brought her home after.
She's pretty good.
Yeah. Yeah she's she's pretty cool. She's it's like watching them dinosaur it's I mean just watching her eat and move and yeah I love I love her. Um I would have wanted to if I could but you know they get too big.
How about you, pets are now Aaron apartment so
that's the best Rottweilers are great.
Yeah that's what mine
is. four and he just there he is
he's
this
meeting. Yeah
he's pretty neat. Right? What?
He sits on my head like a cat
that
No
Right I always say where islands need backup lights because I love the way they back up onto your lap like there
she's
short
short hair, like a rottweiler or long hair like a shepherd.
how about the head jake his Rottweilers have a
she sounds beautiful.
Do you get to get her out a lot with Covid like this? Yeah let's
go.
Yeah exactly. Yeah I walk this idiot. But
but they still like he's he's he's trying to you can see him in the corner, he's trying to get all the attention. He's like mm
it's like no you stop hitting me. What are you doing? All right.
Mhm.
He's it yet. My husband and my son are upstairs and he just clings. Just clings.
That's
one
less now.
He's as
soon as I hear hears me talking he's like what are you doing? Can I get in
what are you doing? Get down
only
two,
that's
it.
Oh no you're good.
to meet
you.
Hi.
You enjoy happy Halloween. Exactly. All right, bye.