SPEAKER_L: Hello,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Thanks? Good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm fine. Uh It's kind of late, Where are you at?
SPEAKER_R: um I am on the west coast in U. S. So it's not too late. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm on the west coast. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in California. Uh Are you in Oregon? Yes, so
SPEAKER_R: you've got
SPEAKER_L: how is it in Oregon?
SPEAKER_R: it's good you know it's definitely starting to get cold here which sucks.
SPEAKER_L: It's getting cold,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah a little bit but yeah uh what
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: check what's your name
SPEAKER_L: Frederick, Frederick
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Frederick,
SPEAKER_R: Pendrick
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: and Kaitlyn? I'm Caitlin.
SPEAKER_L: Okay man. Okay, that's easy to remember. Yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: I uh yeah where I'm from Los Angeles but uh recently moved to right outside of the city to uh ethel belly. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Is it cheaper out there? A little bit of it?
SPEAKER_L: it's cheaper but it's still um I don't know, it's probably some I think it's still on part with some cities I guess, maybe some southern cities as far as price wise, you know, but it's cheap for California, You can still find stuff in the 200,000, so that's cheap for California. Yeah. What city are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Um And near Eugene and I just graduated from you a couple of years ago so still living in this area.
SPEAKER_L: Is that right? What did you graduate? What did you do?
SPEAKER_R: Music education.
SPEAKER_L: Oh is that right, this
SPEAKER_R: I teach
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: elementary music now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay, that's that's fun. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's definitely fun I mean not so much right now but normally it's fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have a lot of musical people in my family. Matter of fact, yeah. They kind of travel in the industry. One of my cousins, uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: He plays uh he grew up like growing up, let me see, I'm 43, he's 42. And growing up his father, which was my, with my oldest uncle, he was a pastor. So he grew up playing a keyboard in the church. Yeah. But now he plays keyboard for Ariana grande.
SPEAKER_R: No interesting wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but he's done, he's played for some other people, but that's the current job. Yeah. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: he's, you know.
SPEAKER_R: people?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And then some other people in the family to dabble into things. Yeah. Do you play insurance?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I play saxophone is my main instrument.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Which one?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Alto sax.
SPEAKER_L: I used to play out? So when I was in grade school. Yeah. You know, get out. So it's been a long time. Yeah, I played out so it was fun. It was fun. Yeah. My cousin gets a lot. I know he gets a lot of um I know with him and a lot of people I think they get a lot of work if they can read notes because they see a lot of people can't read notes. I guess when it comes certain people trying to produce music and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I definitely think especially in like jazz people can get by pretty easily which is sort of playing by ear and improvising a lot. Um Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of jazz there.
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean there's some socially associated with the university um personally I don't play jazz which is you know everyone always thinks that's strange since I play saxophone
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: do you play?
SPEAKER_R: I played classical music.
SPEAKER_L: Is the sex, wow. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah I mean the Saxon was virtually made for classical music um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: yet
SPEAKER_R: I just adapted really well for jazz. Um So yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah. That's interesting. I guess that's
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: of like uh what was it remember the lady's name? Was that mary Ben Ari or something like that? Remember the girl she played the violin? She was she played she did hip hop music though. She was known as the hip hop violinist.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I don't I don't think I've heard or maybe a part of her I don't know I can't
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: think of who she is
SPEAKER_L: probably it's been
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: some years maybe maybe to your husband like about maybe 15 years. She was jewish but she knows like blond hair like kind
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: of slim. Pretty. She she played the violin but she did it she liked to be in uh hip hop and rap music and Israel.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so you know I guess it's kind of like crossing genres you normally don't uh imagine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah insurance can be a pretty risk tile and you played some pretty cool stuff. Them.
SPEAKER_L: Classical with sex. That is interesting. That's the first. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I mean people think it's strange but it's definitely a very
SPEAKER_L: Even.
SPEAKER_R: I'm within the world of music, it's pretty normal because it's, I don't know, that's what it was originally made for and stuff, it's just it's gotten so popular jazz, everyone kind of seizes the jazz instrument now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they do honestly. They do. I'm gonna ask my cousin about don't see what he has to say. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: What is it like, what does he play
SPEAKER_L: He plays the
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: keyboard, he plays the keyboard,
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: that the one
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you're talking about?
SPEAKER_L: a piano. Yeah he plays the keyboard. Yeah that's what he does. He played he's played ever since we were little like he was like five years old and then when we were like teenagers used to like uh play at different churches like through the week all he would do was go to rehearsals, that's it. So like on a sunday he always had to play for his father but he just run around L. A. Going to different churches. So like one church, one church he played, it was called West Angeles. I don't know if you ever heard of it, but um it was a kind of big deal because it's like kind of like in this west side, south central area, but it's on the south central. But um About I don't know maybe 2005, They made another church. So they made a cathedral and it was it costs like 60 million abilities like Magic Johnson goes there. Denzel watches a lot of people. But he used to play there sometimes, but like when he was a teenager He would play there and they would give him like $400 for 30 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: miracle,
SPEAKER_L: I used to just go from church to show like sometimes I just, you know, hang with him on a sunday or something. He played four or 5 different churches.
SPEAKER_R: That's really cool. Yeah, it's definitely different very differently of doing music's a lot of time people like go into college and uh you know, just play in public schools and stuff, it's really focused on classical music all the time and it's a very different experience, I think it's more, I don't know, rigid, I guess an academic and I think a little bit less connected to the actual music part of it. Um So it's kind of cool to do music like that, to go and play in churches and that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: It was usually the church's produced singers and they usually they usually produce singers. Yeah. So it is, it is a little bit, but like I said, my my family is some other relatives who they're in the industry. So it kind of probably, I think that helps you also. And then there's the other in the industry bin and bin in it since the 80s. So, you know, I think that pretty much helped. Yeah. So what,
SPEAKER_R: So, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: go ahead. Go
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: what do you do,
SPEAKER_L: I'm a real
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: estate
SPEAKER_R: promise.
SPEAKER_L: investor. A real estate investor.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really sorry. Uh, do you enjoy it?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I do. I'll be happy when the market changes though, because everyone expected, uh um, everyone expected
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: like, you know, basically for there will be deals but for some reason it's like, it's not a lot of inventory and everyone's, it's a it's a it's a seller's market right now and it's been like this since I don't know how many months now, it's just like april like maybe may I think mayor june and I'm ready for it to change. Put a cycle
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to change because I really, yeah, I just really, I really just haven't been really dealing with it. I just um I just moved my money into the market to the stock market. I really don't like stocks but it's like I I got to do something. So yeah, because I'm happy ready for the change. It's ridiculous. I mean that's something now, but you're not gonna pay, you know what you should pay. Put it like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like it's like the iphone costs $1000 and you want one but for some reason right now everybody is selling them for 1718 100 bucks. You're gonna wait for that iphone to go back down to $1000. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah I'm just ready for it to change its weird Kobe is weird mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Friendly. Made my job a bit different.
SPEAKER_L: So you've been doing so hold on, have you? No one's been going to school right? So
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: it's very.
SPEAKER_R: for a little bit and then our cases started spiking so we switched back to online. Um, yes, we've mostly been completely online. Um, it's definitely, it's, it's so challenging for the kids. I mean, it's, I think it's definitely a good thing that we're online as far as everyone's health and everything, But, um, it is challenging for the kids, especially the younger kids, it's just so hard for them to kind of be, um, at home and trying to learn. And especially at my school the families are all families are so low income and like they can't do this and like sit and help. I could learn all day while also trying to work and do their own jobs and stuff. So it's it's a challenge but article
SPEAKER_L: I had to tutor one of my little cousins not too long ago with reading. Yeah but it's really he hadn't come up on the weekends. Yeah and then it's so I know so many parents are having problems even uh getting into the zone meetings like even you know didn't uh there,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's all really really challenging.
SPEAKER_L: so you're doing music class through the zoom
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I'm not doing it through soon, so for me um we I'm just doing like I create activities for them to do and then they kind of do on their own time. I don't have any like live meetings with them through zoom or anything. How much
SPEAKER_L: definitely lesson plans.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I just kind of do different activities, but I know in some ways it's kind of better because when it's in zoom it's it's really hard when they have to deal with behaviors and try to figure out you can't really sing with them because it doesn't sync up right? Um So there's kind of a lot of challenges when you're face to face both. This at least I can kind of give them the assignment and kind of teach them what I want to teach them and they can sort of do it on their own time. Um When they actually do it in a lot of time they don't do it. Which is unfortunate. But
SPEAKER_L: so if you, okay, if you were in class, would you like, would you, okay, would they be playing instruments or would they be singing?
SPEAKER_R: um Like in normal we were in class and doing normal music class. I do I do both a lot. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it depends on I guess really with every great I do both. I do a lot of singing because that's just sort of you know our natural instrument. But then I teach a lot of instruments with elementary, it's a lot of percussion and we do like xylophones um what we call or if instruments with telephones and xylophones um Progression. So drumming I do a lot of that. I really wish I'd ukulele is but my schools don't have quite enough funding for that but I think eventually I'm going to work on that so I can teach them that my do recorders with 4th and 5th. Um So I really kind of do it makes it a lot of different things.
SPEAKER_L: So you have to do with challenge shows? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we this is only my second year teaching at this school and so last year they wanted to do one but I mean we were planning it right as everything Covid started happening so we ended up not doing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You got, that sucks. So what you just, you just graduated maybe like two years ago? What or whatever?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah a few years ago.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Okay, that's good. So you went for 44 years, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they have a really good program at UO with um so you can get your teaching license with your bachelor's degree for teaching music for kindergarten through 12th grade
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, you could eventually go through high school or something like that. It's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: more of a challenge.
SPEAKER_R: I want.
SPEAKER_L: You do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean originally actually was planning on doing high school or middle school and teaching at that level. But I kind of decided to go to elementary because it's um just sort of a different things that in high school and middle school tends to sort of focus on the kids who really want to get into music. And um it's just sort of a different focus and it's really focused on teaching songs and playing in an ensemble playing classical music and teaching the kids that are really into music. But with elementary school i it's general music so I get to teach everything and I teach every single students. That means I get to reach every single student in the school and I can teach anything related to music that I want. So I get to teach about all kinds of different music and I can teach singing, I can teach instruments, I can teach social emotional learning is something I've been doing this year a lot kind of integrating into music. Uh So it's just sort of broader and I can teach kind of um I don't know what's each the importance of music or what I find is important about it. Um So it's kind of one of those very I chose elementary music because I can just teach more broadly I guess and teach more kids.
SPEAKER_L: I know high school would be challenging for you because you look like a high school student. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: You do, you look like a high school, you could pass for
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: a high school student. You could do one jump street. Yeah. You could, you could like go into school undercover. You feel like you look still look you look young. You don't even so I know that will be I don't know. I guess you have to you you would have to dress a certain way anyway. But you you know you're the way you dress would have to let them know like Yes, I'm you know, I'm a person of authority, you know? Yes, but you never know. You may end up doing it. Who knows? And how many people in your town
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure
SPEAKER_L: is this small?
SPEAKER_R: it's small, it's definitely not
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: L. A. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: this all is Oh yeah, smallish. Okay. It's definitely not. Uh Well yeah, I guess. I don't know. I guess it's so is it like a lot of people know each other?
SPEAKER_R: no it's not that small I mean it's no I guess probably medium size
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: down. Um But no it's not super small. Right?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Or.
SPEAKER_L: just I have to visit Oregon. I've never been and maybe, I don't know. Maybe it's kind of like California is like here like this city. I don't know I guess it's over 50,000 but it's like I guess it doesn't really wouldn't seem small especially as if everyone knowing everyone because California set up in a way where a lot of cities above each other. You know what I mean? So you know especially Los Angeles like Los Angeles. Um But you know people not from there, they don't really realize you know how many cities or in L. A. county it's like 88 cities. So so it's like you know, you know you walk across street in another city so it's you know this
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's kind of that's kind of what Portland is like up here. Um, there's kind of Portland, but then there's all these other kind of
SPEAKER_L: screening.
SPEAKER_R: like smaller cities that are
SPEAKER_L: But they kind
SPEAKER_R: inside,
SPEAKER_L: of working together I guess move around each other. Yeah that kind of that kind of makes it not feeling small. So I understand what you were saying. Yeah that's how I understood this because here is like I don't I don't know it's I don't honestly I'm ready to move back to L. A. I need to handle the business I need to handle by the property don't need to buy and I'm gonna move back like and I was just to uh it's it's nice. I like it, it's calm, it's nice. It's boring. Is born. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know the outside kind of hate being in big cities. It's just so noisy and there's so many people. It's nice to be outside of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess it depends on where you can stay. That's the thing L. A. Is so expensive. But uh yeah I don't know. I just like doing things I like going to the beach and things like that like you know I could be able to do things you know. Yeah I mean these things to do out here it's a lot of things because you know people travel a lot but I don't know it's just it's not the same. So it's definitely not the same.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. No organs nice because there's a lot of, you know, the mountains and it's a lot of outdoor stuff and it's just really pretty up here and I know the political climate, it's nice to just being, um, there's not a whole lot of conservative or Republican
SPEAKER_L: Look at the whole
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: mess
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: courses like that. Huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is the latest a crazy time we live here. Do you see do you see things going back to normal? Like I mean aside from like covid um it's just political relations, race relations, everything. Do you see things going back to, you see them just being smoothed over like he said
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I don't know. I mean so many people are so angry now and there's just so much division and like anger amongst pretty much everyone right now. I don't know. It doesn't seem like something that's just going to go away. Um
SPEAKER_L: So he was just gonna dig in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know, just something. I have my have a sibling who lives up in Portland and they've been really involved in all the protests and stuff up there. It's because like I'm very liberal and um and lean on that side of things and everything, but my sibling like really digs into it. Um it's like full on supports communism hates just about anything about this country, like Yeah, so it's kind of interesting seeing them and sometimes trying to mediate them between them and my family and everything. Um
SPEAKER_L: Try to try to guess. Try to bridge and understanding I guess interpret being interpreted.
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: One thing I hate about L. A. Is like a lot of the stuff that happens here, you don't even it doesn't even get reported. You know it doesn't even get reported. Like uh we had a guy that got killed by the police about a month and a half ago, I guess it was my friend's nephew and it was, you know, it wasn't national news. And then when you know this guy shot to L. A. County sheriff's then they, you know, they put it on the nose, you know, a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot of stuff happens here. They don't even report it. No.
SPEAKER_R: Crazy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: You know, because they will always be like God had a knife or he had a bad or stump
SPEAKER_R: You just proved
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: that he deserved it. You know, they always, you know, because there's a lot of mental health people here on a mental, but in which another thing I hate hearing is like, why do you bring it up when it doesn't make a difference?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I don't understand why you even bring that up. You know what I mean? Like a shooter or something like, okay, why do you bring up mental health if it doesn't make a difference in court? I don't even know why do you bring it up? Like, so you don't care? You know what I mean? You don't care because if you really care you would do something about it, you know? Yes. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: what I don't understand that. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot that I don't understand right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't understand that. So what do you think it's gonna be the outcome of the election?
SPEAKER_R: Well I don't know, I mean I hope it's not trump, but
SPEAKER_L: find it hard to find
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: it hardest to see. I find it hard to see. I I find it hard to see him. I don't know. It's kind of hard to see him coming in staying in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I find it, I don't think enough people would vote for him, but I get a little bit worried about just all the other things that are happening and I don't know just like I just, I am afraid that something else bad is going to happen and I don't know, just fuck everything up I guess. But uh huh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it really seems like there aren't enough people that support him anymore, but we also never thought there was enough people to support them to get them elected in the first place.
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know, they said after the election, they said it was two million people who voted for Obama who didn't vote for Hillary and then they revised it about a year and a half ago and they said it was 4.4 million people devoted for, you know, Obama that didn't vote for Hillary. So I think to me I really believe that was played a part. I think people came out for him. But then people Obama said yesterday when he said I don't care about the polls he said uh because we have polls last time and a lot of people stayed home and didn't vote, you know what I mean? So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I don't really think more people are going to vote this time, which is good. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I think I think I believe more people are gonna vote. I think it was a lot of things about the cleanse that people didn't know and people got were educated on, you know what I mean? And yeah, so this is just you know, I just I don't see him standing, I don't I don't see it. I just I just don't I just just surprised me about the level of decency and what people will accept and want to say what they will or won't go for. That's that's I don't know I just that's the thing I want to be able to get back for him. It's like just just being brought down so low. What? Except it's kinda like a bad relationship. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's, I don't know, it's just bad. Uh
SPEAKER_L: So how are you haven't really got a chance to spend time around the kids? I mean it's weird. I don't know I mean I want to I just can I just wonder how it would be like in a school obviously you're you know you teach um like I mean what do they do they just don't talk about politics or the kids? They don't talk about the president? No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I definitely not see anyone at my school, like teachers talking about trump and really super related to politics,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: not at a school in high school, I think
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: they do quite a bit, but as a teacher you have to be really careful
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: that you can teach kids about what's happening, you can tell them
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: things and you can have them discuss politics, but you
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: opinions.
SPEAKER_R: be like something bad, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: um so I think a lot of teachers are probably, you know worried about it, like won't bring
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it up because they're afraid of you know doing something wrong, I think I'm definitely do and they kind of discuss things
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and have students discuss things, but at the elementary level we don't very much, I think we kind of just, we do directly I guess like we don't teach politics, but we teach you know things like kindness and just social emotional learning is something
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: needed.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but just like teaching kids sort of those really basic skills that will help them eventually grow into people that you
SPEAKER_L: Whoa,
SPEAKER_R: know will at least think about things
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: correctly
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: empathy
SPEAKER_R: know how. Yeah. Huh,
SPEAKER_L: like like empathy and things of that nature. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah I think that's kind of what we focus on at the electric skill is really kind of building those things. Um especially in our population at my school, these kids do not have sort of skills because there are so many kids have like trauma and they're just suffering abuse and neglect and all that stuff at my school. And so the kids at my school definitely really need that stuff. Learning all that kindness empathy, Just general social emotional stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Like like it's kind of like emotional intelligence, you read that, read that book. Yeah, that's yes, it's needed, it's most definitely needed because uh the leadership is supposed to be at the top, you know as far as a role model and different things, it's not there, you know, I mean they're not learning get that. I just I was, the reason I ask the question is because I mean of course you wouldn't teach about politics, but I guess um maybe because obviously you I guess you were in college when Obama was in um because I can see I guess, you know, maybe like when Obama was in may be saying, okay, no teaching kids about you know him in a sense of like what his presidency, you know, represented and you know, still for as far as the changes. But I guess now it's like, oh my God, it's like why would you even want to talking like you said, you gotta be careful because you guys are gonna be able to news, you know, parents like this, they talk my son about trump, told him he was bad or they told him he was good. Yes. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I don't know maybe in the past they did talk more about politics at the elementary level because I mean they can talk about we can talk about social issues and stuff at the elementary level, but definitely can't. There's nothing we could say about trump That would be really okay to say at an elementary school
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: girl.
SPEAKER_L: any any kids with mega hats.
SPEAKER_R: No, not that I've seen, wow.
SPEAKER_L: remember when he first came in, it was a little boy, he got bullied and got beat up. I think a hispanic kid hit him or someone took his hat. He had a mega hat or something. Some school somewhere. Yeah, somewhere. Yeah, that was like grade school or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. It's it's crazy, you know? I don't know. I think, I think like you said, you got to teach tolerance on both sides because I mean a person in a sense of regardless of how certain symbols make you feel, you know, you still have to, you know, respond or you know, you know, because that's where was I thought that was just somewhere recently. I can't remember. I was somewhere and I know, oh I went to a mall. It's a mall in Rancho cucamonga called what were at the mall? Me and my youngest sister, we went to this outdoor mall was a very nice outdoor mark called victoria gardens. We went and I think we bought some shirts and she bought a jacket and then we want to eat it. This nice french restaurant, you know, But you have to outdoor dining and things like that. And uh remember, I don't know, we were somewhere, you know, somebody came about, you know, Trump 2020, you know, you know, I was okay, Trump 2020. No, you don't get mad or you know with some people I think people have to learn how to keep their emotions and thoughts and share, you know, it's not that serious. I mean, I guess it is serious, whatever, you know, but it's not that serious, you know what I mean? It's not like, you know, something perverted or something in detail. Somebody, I don't know, it's not that serious. I don't like I like them, I don't like them at all. Yeah, but it is what it is. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well, I think we're at number 25 minutes, so
SPEAKER_L: It was nice talking
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to you Jacqueline. Okay, me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Caitlin.
SPEAKER_L: No, I say exactly. It's
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Good. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: to cable and I would love
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to hear some sex a phone, classic music. I'm at the research. You
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: take care and
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: right, okay.
SPEAKER_R: yep.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Bella