What?
Thanks? Good how are you?
um I am on the west coast in U. S. So it's not too late. Yeah.
yeah.
you've got
it's good you know it's definitely starting to get cold here which sucks.
Yeah a little bit but yeah uh what
check what's your name
and
Pendrick
and Kaitlyn? I'm Caitlin.
Uh huh
Is it cheaper out there? A little bit of it?
Um And near Eugene and I just graduated from you a couple of years ago so still living in this area.
Music education.
I teach
elementary music now. Yeah.
Yeah it's definitely fun I mean not so much right now but normally it's fun. Yeah.
huh.
No interesting wow.
What
people?
yeah I play saxophone is my main instrument.
Uh Alto sax.
yeah I definitely think especially in like jazz people can get by pretty easily which is sort of playing by ear and improvising a lot. Um Yeah. Uh huh.
Um I mean there's some socially associated with the university um personally I don't play jazz which is you know everyone always thinks that's strange since I play saxophone
but
I played classical music.
Uh huh. Yeah I mean the Saxon was virtually made for classical music um
and
I just adapted really well for jazz. Um So yeah
then
on.
Yeah I don't I don't think I've heard or maybe a part of her I don't know I can't
think of who she is
and
but
Yeah that's cool.
Yeah.
yeah yeah insurance can be a pretty risk tile and you played some pretty cool stuff. Them.
I mean people think it's strange but it's definitely a very
I'm within the world of music, it's pretty normal because it's, I don't know, that's what it was originally made for and stuff, it's just it's gotten so popular jazz, everyone kind of seizes the jazz instrument now.
What is it like, what does he play
or?
what
is
that the one
you're talking about?
miracle,
That's really cool. Yeah, it's definitely different very differently of doing music's a lot of time people like go into college and uh you know, just play in public schools and stuff, it's really focused on classical music all the time and it's a very different experience, I think it's more, I don't know, rigid, I guess an academic and I think a little bit less connected to the actual music part of it. Um So it's kind of cool to do music like that, to go and play in churches and that kind of stuff.
So, sorry,
what,
what do you do,
I
promise.
I'm really sorry. Uh, do you enjoy it?
Because
All
that makes sense.
Yeah.
Yeah. Friendly. Made my job a bit different.
did
for a little bit and then our cases started spiking so we switched back to online. Um, yes, we've mostly been completely online. Um, it's definitely, it's, it's so challenging for the kids. I mean, it's, I think it's definitely a good thing that we're online as far as everyone's health and everything, But, um, it is challenging for the kids, especially the younger kids, it's just so hard for them to kind of be, um, at home and trying to learn. And especially at my school the families are all families are so low income and like they can't do this and like sit and help. I could learn all day while also trying to work and do their own jobs and stuff. So it's it's a challenge but article
Yeah, it's all really really challenging.
Yeah. Well I'm not doing it through soon, so for me um we I'm just doing like I create activities for them to do and then they kind of do on their own time. I don't have any like live meetings with them through zoom or anything. How much
Yeah, so I just kind of do different activities, but I know in some ways it's kind of better because when it's in zoom it's it's really hard when they have to deal with behaviors and try to figure out you can't really sing with them because it doesn't sync up right? Um So there's kind of a lot of challenges when you're face to face both. This at least I can kind of give them the assignment and kind of teach them what I want to teach them and they can sort of do it on their own time. Um When they actually do it in a lot of time they don't do it. Which is unfortunate. But
um Like in normal we were in class and doing normal music class. I do I do both a lot. Um
I mean it depends on I guess really with every great I do both. I do a lot of singing because that's just sort of you know our natural instrument. But then I teach a lot of instruments with elementary, it's a lot of percussion and we do like xylophones um what we call or if instruments with telephones and xylophones um Progression. So drumming I do a lot of that. I really wish I'd ukulele is but my schools don't have quite enough funding for that but I think eventually I'm going to work on that so I can teach them that my do recorders with 4th and 5th. Um So I really kind of do it makes it a lot of different things.
we this is only my second year teaching at this school and so last year they wanted to do one but I mean we were planning it right as everything Covid started happening so we ended up not doing it. Yeah.
Yeah a few years ago.
Yeah they have a really good program at UO with um so you can get your teaching license with your bachelor's degree for teaching music for kindergarten through 12th grade
what
I want.
Yeah. I mean originally actually was planning on doing high school or middle school and teaching at that level. But I kind of decided to go to elementary because it's um just sort of a different things that in high school and middle school tends to sort of focus on the kids who really want to get into music. And um it's just sort of a different focus and it's really focused on teaching songs and playing in an ensemble playing classical music and teaching the kids that are really into music. But with elementary school i it's general music so I get to teach everything and I teach every single students. That means I get to reach every single student in the school and I can teach anything related to music that I want. So I get to teach about all kinds of different music and I can teach singing, I can teach instruments, I can teach social emotional learning is something I've been doing this year a lot kind of integrating into music. Uh So it's just sort of broader and I can teach kind of um I don't know what's each the importance of music or what I find is important about it. Um So it's kind of one of those very I chose elementary music because I can just teach more broadly I guess and teach more kids.
a little bit.
we're
I'm not sure
it's small, it's definitely not
L. A. Yeah
no it's not that small I mean it's no I guess probably medium size
down. Um But no it's not super small. Right?
Or.
Yeah that's kind of that's kind of what Portland is like up here. Um, there's kind of Portland, but then there's all these other kind of
like smaller cities that are
inside,
Yeah, I know the outside kind of hate being in big cities. It's just so noisy and there's so many people. It's nice to be outside of it.
Right. Yeah. No organs nice because there's a lot of, you know, the mountains and it's a lot of outdoor stuff and it's just really pretty up here and I know the political climate, it's nice to just being, um, there's not a whole lot of conservative or Republican
kind
of.
Yeah.
Uh huh. I don't know. I mean so many people are so angry now and there's just so much division and like anger amongst pretty much everyone right now. I don't know. It doesn't seem like something that's just going to go away. Um
Yeah, I don't know, just something. I have my have a sibling who lives up in Portland and they've been really involved in all the protests and stuff up there. It's because like I'm very liberal and um and lean on that side of things and everything, but my sibling like really digs into it. Um it's like full on supports communism hates just about anything about this country, like Yeah, so it's kind of interesting seeing them and sometimes trying to mediate them between them and my family and everything. Um
you know.
Yeah.
Crazy. Mhm.
You just proved
it.
What?
Thanks.
it's a lot that I don't understand right now.
Well I don't know, I mean I hope it's not trump, but
if
Yeah, I mean, I find it, I don't think enough people would vote for him, but I get a little bit worried about just all the other things that are happening and I don't know just like I just, I am afraid that something else bad is going to happen and I don't know, just fuck everything up I guess. But uh huh. Yeah,
it really seems like there aren't enough people that support him anymore, but we also never thought there was enough people to support them to get them elected in the first place.
Yeah, no, I don't really think more people are going to vote this time, which is good. Mm hmm.
it's, I don't know, it's just bad. Uh
Yeah, I mean, I definitely not see anyone at my school, like teachers talking about trump and really super related to politics,
not at a school in high school, I think
they do quite a bit, but as a teacher you have to be really careful
that you can teach kids about what's happening, you can tell them
things and you can have them discuss politics, but you
can't
be like something bad, yeah,
um so I think a lot of teachers are probably, you know worried about it, like won't bring
it up because they're afraid of you know doing something wrong, I think I'm definitely do and they kind of discuss things
and have students discuss things, but at the elementary level we don't very much, I think we kind of just, we do directly I guess like we don't teach politics, but we teach you know things like kindness and just social emotional learning is something
that
yeah, but just like teaching kids sort of those really basic skills that will help them eventually grow into people that you
know will at least think about things
correctly
and
know how. Yeah. Huh,
definitely. Yeah I think that's kind of what we focus on at the electric skill is really kind of building those things. Um especially in our population at my school, these kids do not have sort of skills because there are so many kids have like trauma and they're just suffering abuse and neglect and all that stuff at my school. And so the kids at my school definitely really need that stuff. Learning all that kindness empathy, Just general social emotional stuff.
Yeah. So I don't know maybe in the past they did talk more about politics at the elementary level because I mean they can talk about we can talk about social issues and stuff at the elementary level, but definitely can't. There's nothing we could say about trump That would be really okay to say at an elementary school
girl.
No, not that I've seen, wow.
hmm.
Yeah.
All right. Well, I think we're at number 25 minutes, so
All
Yeah, Caitlin.
Thank you. Good. Uh huh.
No.
All
Well, yeah,
yep.