Hello,
how you doing?
I'm fine. Uh It's kind of late, Where are you at?
I'm on the west coast. Yeah,
I'm in California. Uh Are you in Oregon? Yes, so
how is it in Oregon?
It's getting cold,
huh.
Frederick, Frederick
Frederick,
What
Okay man. Okay, that's easy to remember. Yeah. Yes,
I uh yeah where I'm from Los Angeles but uh recently moved to right outside of the city to uh ethel belly. Yes.
it's cheaper but it's still um I don't know, it's probably some I think it's still on part with some cities I guess, maybe some southern cities as far as price wise, you know, but it's cheap for California, You can still find stuff in the 200,000, so that's cheap for California. Yeah. What city are you in?
Is that right? What did you graduate? What did you do?
Oh is that right, this
is
that's okay, that's that's fun. Huh.
I have a lot of musical people in my family. Matter of fact, yeah. They kind of travel in the industry. One of my cousins, uh
He plays uh he grew up like growing up, let me see, I'm 43, he's 42. And growing up his father, which was my, with my oldest uncle, he was a pastor. So he grew up playing a keyboard in the church. Yeah. But now he plays keyboard for Ariana grande.
Yeah, but he's done, he's played for some other people, but that's the current job. Yeah. But yeah,
he's, you know.
Yes. And then some other people in the family to dabble into things. Yeah. Do you play insurance?
Oh yeah. Which one?
I used to play out? So when I was in grade school. Yeah. You know, get out. So it's been a long time. Yeah, I played out so it was fun. It was fun. Yeah. My cousin gets a lot. I know he gets a lot of um I know with him and a lot of people I think they get a lot of work if they can read notes because they see a lot of people can't read notes. I guess when it comes certain people trying to produce music and things like that.
there's a lot of jazz there.
What
do you play?
Is the sex, wow. That's interesting.
And
yet
yeah. That's interesting. I guess that's
kind
of like uh what was it remember the lady's name? Was that mary Ben Ari or something like that? Remember the girl she played the violin? She was she played she did hip hop music though. She was known as the hip hop violinist.
You
probably it's been
some years maybe maybe to your husband like about maybe 15 years. She was jewish but she knows like blond hair like kind
of slim. Pretty. She she played the violin but she did it she liked to be in uh hip hop and rap music and Israel.
Yeah
so you know I guess it's kind of like crossing genres you normally don't uh imagine. Yeah.
Classical with sex. That is interesting. That's the first. Uh
Even.
Yeah they do honestly. They do. I'm gonna ask my cousin about don't see what he has to say. Yes.
He plays the
keyboard, he plays the keyboard,
he
put
like
a piano. Yeah he plays the keyboard. Yeah that's what he does. He played he's played ever since we were little like he was like five years old and then when we were like teenagers used to like uh play at different churches like through the week all he would do was go to rehearsals, that's it. So like on a sunday he always had to play for his father but he just run around L. A. Going to different churches. So like one church, one church he played, it was called West Angeles. I don't know if you ever heard of it, but um it was a kind of big deal because it's like kind of like in this west side, south central area, but it's on the south central. But um About I don't know maybe 2005, They made another church. So they made a cathedral and it was it costs like 60 million abilities like Magic Johnson goes there. Denzel watches a lot of people. But he used to play there sometimes, but like when he was a teenager He would play there and they would give him like $400 for 30 minutes. Yeah. Yeah.
I used to just go from church to show like sometimes I just, you know, hang with him on a sunday or something. He played four or 5 different churches.
It was usually the church's produced singers and they usually they usually produce singers. Yeah. So it is, it is a little bit, but like I said, my my family is some other relatives who they're in the industry. So it kind of probably, I think that helps you also. And then there's the other in the industry bin and bin in it since the 80s. So, you know, I think that pretty much helped. Yeah. So what,
go ahead. Go
ahead.
I'm a real
estate
investor. A real estate investor.
Yes, I do. I'll be happy when the market changes though, because everyone expected, uh um, everyone expected
like, you know, basically for there will be deals but for some reason it's like, it's not a lot of inventory and everyone's, it's a it's a it's a seller's market right now and it's been like this since I don't know how many months now, it's just like april like maybe may I think mayor june and I'm ready for it to change. Put a cycle
to change because I really, yeah, I just really, I really just haven't been really dealing with it. I just um I just moved my money into the market to the stock market. I really don't like stocks but it's like I I got to do something. So yeah, because I'm happy ready for the change. It's ridiculous. I mean that's something now, but you're not gonna pay, you know what you should pay. Put it like that. Yeah.
Yeah, like it's like the iphone costs $1000 and you want one but for some reason right now everybody is selling them for 1718 100 bucks. You're gonna wait for that iphone to go back down to $1000. Okay
so yeah I'm just ready for it to change its weird Kobe is weird mm
So you've been doing so hold on, have you? No one's been going to school right? So
it's very.
I had to tutor one of my little cousins not too long ago with reading. Yeah but it's really he hadn't come up on the weekends. Yeah and then it's so I know so many parents are having problems even uh getting into the zone meetings like even you know didn't uh there,
so you're doing music class through the zoom
definitely lesson plans.
so if you, okay, if you were in class, would you like, would you, okay, would they be playing instruments or would they be singing?
Yeah.
So you have to do with challenge shows? Yeah.
You got, that sucks. So what you just, you just graduated maybe like two years ago? What or whatever?
Mm Okay, that's good. So you went for 44 years, wow.
So yeah, you could eventually go through high school or something like that. It's
more of a challenge.
You do that.
I know high school would be challenging for you because you look like a high school student. Okay.
You do, you look like a high school, you could pass for
a high school student. You could do one jump street. Yeah. You could, you could like go into school undercover. You feel like you look still look you look young. You don't even so I know that will be I don't know. I guess you have to you you would have to dress a certain way anyway. But you you know you're the way you dress would have to let them know like Yes, I'm you know, I'm a person of authority, you know? Yes, but you never know. You may end up doing it. Who knows? And how many people in your town
is this small?
Just
this all is Oh yeah, smallish. Okay. It's definitely not. Uh Well yeah, I guess. I don't know. I guess it's so is it like a lot of people know each other?
What?
I
just I have to visit Oregon. I've never been and maybe, I don't know. Maybe it's kind of like California is like here like this city. I don't know I guess it's over 50,000 but it's like I guess it doesn't really wouldn't seem small especially as if everyone knowing everyone because California set up in a way where a lot of cities above each other. You know what I mean? So you know especially Los Angeles like Los Angeles. Um But you know people not from there, they don't really realize you know how many cities or in L. A. county it's like 88 cities. So so it's like you know, you know you walk across street in another city so it's you know this
screening.
But they kind
of working together I guess move around each other. Yeah that kind of that kind of makes it not feeling small. So I understand what you were saying. Yeah that's how I understood this because here is like I don't I don't know it's I don't honestly I'm ready to move back to L. A. I need to handle the business I need to handle by the property don't need to buy and I'm gonna move back like and I was just to uh it's it's nice. I like it, it's calm, it's nice. It's boring. Is born. Uh
Yeah I guess it depends on where you can stay. That's the thing L. A. Is so expensive. But uh yeah I don't know. I just like doing things I like going to the beach and things like that like you know I could be able to do things you know. Yeah I mean these things to do out here it's a lot of things because you know people travel a lot but I don't know it's just it's not the same. So it's definitely not the same.
Look at the whole
mess
courses like that. Huh. Okay.
It is the latest a crazy time we live here. Do you see do you see things going back to normal? Like I mean aside from like covid um it's just political relations, race relations, everything. Do you see things going back to, you see them just being smoothed over like he said
So he was just gonna dig in.
Try to try to guess. Try to bridge and understanding I guess interpret being interpreted.
One thing I hate about L. A. Is like a lot of the stuff that happens here, you don't even it doesn't even get reported. You know it doesn't even get reported. Like uh we had a guy that got killed by the police about a month and a half ago, I guess it was my friend's nephew and it was, you know, it wasn't national news. And then when you know this guy shot to L. A. County sheriff's then they, you know, they put it on the nose, you know, a
lot of stuff happens here. They don't even report it. No.
You know, because they will always be like God had a knife or he had a bad or stump
something
that he deserved it. You know, they always, you know, because there's a lot of mental health people here on a mental, but in which another thing I hate hearing is like, why do you bring it up when it doesn't make a difference?
I don't understand why you even bring that up. You know what I mean? Like a shooter or something like, okay, why do you bring up mental health if it doesn't make a difference in court? I don't even know why do you bring it up? Like, so you don't care? You know what I mean? You don't care because if you really care you would do something about it, you know? Yes. Yeah, that's
what I don't understand that. Mm.
Yeah, I don't understand that. So what do you think it's gonna be the outcome of the election?
find it hard to find
it hardest to see. I find it hard to see. I I find it hard to see him. I don't know. It's kind of hard to see him coming in staying in.
Yeah.
Well, you know, they said after the election, they said it was two million people who voted for Obama who didn't vote for Hillary and then they revised it about a year and a half ago and they said it was 4.4 million people devoted for, you know, Obama that didn't vote for Hillary. So I think to me I really believe that was played a part. I think people came out for him. But then people Obama said yesterday when he said I don't care about the polls he said uh because we have polls last time and a lot of people stayed home and didn't vote, you know what I mean? So. Mhm.
I think I think I believe more people are gonna vote. I think it was a lot of things about the cleanse that people didn't know and people got were educated on, you know what I mean? And yeah, so this is just you know, I just I don't see him standing, I don't I don't see it. I just I just don't I just just surprised me about the level of decency and what people will accept and want to say what they will or won't go for. That's that's I don't know I just that's the thing I want to be able to get back for him. It's like just just being brought down so low. What? Except it's kinda like a bad relationship. Mhm.
So how are you haven't really got a chance to spend time around the kids? I mean it's weird. I don't know I mean I want to I just can I just wonder how it would be like in a school obviously you're you know you teach um like I mean what do they do they just don't talk about politics or the kids? They don't talk about the president? No.
no.
No
no.
But
No
opinions.
No.
What?
Well
that's
needed.
Whoa,
the
the
empathy
like like empathy and things of that nature. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Like like it's kind of like emotional intelligence, you read that, read that book. Yeah, that's yes, it's needed, it's most definitely needed because uh the leadership is supposed to be at the top, you know as far as a role model and different things, it's not there, you know, I mean they're not learning get that. I just I was, the reason I ask the question is because I mean of course you wouldn't teach about politics, but I guess um maybe because obviously you I guess you were in college when Obama was in um because I can see I guess, you know, maybe like when Obama was in may be saying, okay, no teaching kids about you know him in a sense of like what his presidency, you know, represented and you know, still for as far as the changes. But I guess now it's like, oh my God, it's like why would you even want to talking like you said, you gotta be careful because you guys are gonna be able to news, you know, parents like this, they talk my son about trump, told him he was bad or they told him he was good. Yes. It's crazy.
No
any any kids with mega hats.
remember when he first came in, it was a little boy, he got bullied and got beat up. I think a hispanic kid hit him or someone took his hat. He had a mega hat or something. Some school somewhere. Yeah, somewhere. Yeah, that was like grade school or something. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. It's it's crazy, you know? I don't know. I think, I think like you said, you got to teach tolerance on both sides because I mean a person in a sense of regardless of how certain symbols make you feel, you know, you still have to, you know, respond or you know, you know, because that's where was I thought that was just somewhere recently. I can't remember. I was somewhere and I know, oh I went to a mall. It's a mall in Rancho cucamonga called what were at the mall? Me and my youngest sister, we went to this outdoor mall was a very nice outdoor mark called victoria gardens. We went and I think we bought some shirts and she bought a jacket and then we want to eat it. This nice french restaurant, you know, But you have to outdoor dining and things like that. And uh remember, I don't know, we were somewhere, you know, somebody came about, you know, Trump 2020, you know, you know, I was okay, Trump 2020. No, you don't get mad or you know with some people I think people have to learn how to keep their emotions and thoughts and share, you know, it's not that serious. I mean, I guess it is serious, whatever, you know, but it's not that serious, you know what I mean? It's not like, you know, something perverted or something in detail. Somebody, I don't know, it's not that serious. I don't like I like them, I don't like them at all. Yeah, but it is what it is. Yeah,
yeah,
It was nice talking
to you Jacqueline. Okay, me.
No, I say exactly. It's
to cable and I would love
to hear some sex a phone, classic music. I'm at the research. You
take care and
right, okay.
Hi Bella