Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi down. Sorry, my dog is not behaving right now. He's
not him.
I
know. I don't know. I'm beginning to feel rejected. I don't even know anyone what's
on
baby.
I
really want that extra money to, it's
christmas and public.
I'm still,
Let's go down with you.
Yeah. Well
like somebody here there. So,
um, I'm on Reddit and I have to look
at
your
money, their beer money, read it and then said it was really good, like, Okay.
I
know.
Um I started writing, went to lockdown in March, so
I've made about $1000. Yeah.
No.
And then it's since I'm working from home, if I have a fair or something, I kind of sneak over doing to a survey and then, oh no, I'm here. No, I have not let this space at all. I don't think we're ever going back at this point.
so
we're about to uh I live in Illinois so it's it's bad
and
yeah it's not so much the big cities with us, we've got a lot of rednecks like once you pass champaign Illinois where you have ideas, it's like northern Kentucky.
Yeah my sister in law wants to have a big christmas party like yeah, no, Yeah I would consider it with under 10 but she's thinking like 30 people like
yeah that's people I don't need to stay, so I'm gonna send presents and say here very Christmas for months, get you next year and
yeah, I mean this is bad christmases, my very favorite time of year. I look forward
to christmas all year, you know budget all
year. I get all excited and have like just
get the kids and the dog is excited,
I
keep saying that yeah.
And then everything take it. You know, you're gonna get the one who I think I'm going to get somebody get that at this point. I'm going to get it so I can get out and start living my life again.
So. And then we'll think we survived the uh the presidential switch should be interesting. Yeah.
no,
no. It
explodes
my mind. It really does.
The humble.
I don't mind that too. I mean they're going to school right now but they got a really small catholic school But the entire 4th grade is out. So like you guys, did you make the thanksgiving? You're lucky. I don't see it.
You know our our marriage went to high school with, couldn't stand him in high school. He hasn't gotten any better. Um, He's one of those, you can't tell me enough to have people go to
business and we're going to do what we're gonna do. Like that's good.
Like dude, I hated you. Then you're just proving quiet and like you, oh
my
No,
I mean every time I signed up, nobody sees me or you know, Oh you're person look at their. So I waited like 15 minutes yesterday, so I'm like, Oh man.
I mean
I watched the packer so that was about it.
Like did which you get older?
Yeah. I mean wait till you hit 40 or 50 do it. It's all downhill from there.
And my, my oldest
is 12 and he's got these great ideas about going to college. Like can we get the high school first and see that happening right now?
gun.
he didn't have it. And others and 5th. So if they don't finish up so they can stay at home and mommy's working from home so it's gonna be fine.
no, I'm ready for it to be over. I don't think it'll be over to maybe summer ever like you
Well.
Yeah. I think this is, this is normal. You know, it's going to be fine if I can't get sick like No, I mean I work for a big law firm and
they will not let
more
than the four of us at the same time and I just told us don't even bother. Which I said I don't want to see you guys but maybe that's just a
I've watched a lot of snapped I'm
taking note
I've watched Hogan's heroes of every cartoon of the world I've seen
hardly wants to go back and he's like yeah well not really.
I can't ever think um You know my kids just think TV hasn't begun till they got here. So when they do see something from the 60s or 70s like good tv back then. Yeah, we're living there then.
Yeah. You know the graphics aren't really good. What happened here? Like? Dude, it was the 70s, it was kind of yet.
Stop
talking about my childhood.
Oh my God. So you're dogs or a cat person.
We have
a shifty poodle mix who pretty much runs my house. Uh He was mad because I wouldn't pay attention to him today. Excited project. I didn't get done actually legitimately had to work today which I was not happy about. So he's sitting there growling at me like going out, comes back, he's so mad, he goes into the kitchen, I hear him doing something like, to fix it later. He brings in this wad toilet paper and paper towels, just spread some on house like
fine. You win.
He £20 and he runs my house,
but
you get dogs with them to, you know, I mean, that notice his job is to be spoiled and you know, to get his belly rubbed in the streets, that's all he wants.
I always thought they'd have this lapdog. I mean, he follows me everywhere, but he does not do a lap dog, refuses to make only if he wants something. Oh, welcome to see you. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. Favorite sports team. Yeah,
I can hear you. Yeah.
What
are you doing? Yeah. Hey, logs are talking. I consider that a good thing.
I get my money today. Yeah,
It's
yeah. I'm just so focused right now on that football from the bears.
It's kind of hard to think of anything else.
I mean they are atrocious. And I'm debating whether or not going to watch them tonight. My husband's at work so you can watch them. Like, no, I don't know if
I can't give me indigestion.
That's so weird. You know when they had fans for the World Series, like, who are
those people?
Yeah. That is so nuts.
my
Yeah. It's funny cause you, you can hear them say everything and my daughter would look up. Oh, that language and like, oh, please, you go to catholic school. You say much worse. They teach a drug there. Yeah, I think that's what surprised me because I didn't go to capitol school, my husband dead. He's like, oh, this will be great. That'll be a great learning experience. Yeah. They've learned how to, they do learn how to go to church and they hate it. Um to learn how to communicate your best, they put up with and they learn how to swear quite a bit. I have lived the priests and the nuns first. Like it could be from, could that be from uh Oh, oh my gosh, so my kid was asking me is like if you can go back to home
would you? My that's a good question, I wouldn't go back to high school,
you
couldn't pay me to go back to high school. I consider college and college is fun
and
I have spent several years
elementary education and I'm an accountant. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Although dealing with lawyers and it is kind
of like dealing with Children as well.
one year, 1 year um and then In 2007 we had a big layoff like, Okay, well, you know, I used to do this before, I'll just go um apply to this
law firm. I work for a year. Yeah. I haven't left. Just got a law firm. The mind is much number.
Yeah. You know, if there's going to be an asshole parent, I wanted to be me, I wanted to do something else. Yeah.
You know? Uh
Yeah, I don't think I can handle it. My, one of my, my last year, my year, I had this redhead kid is the
only redhead in the class in the school, right? And I heard him on tape doing something mom of course, could be my kids and my kids. So show the tape and that's not my kid. Like he's wearing the same thing. Yes. Not right now. He has red hair. Oh, well, well, I'm not good enough with technology to do that. It's your kid. Well, what did you think? I don't know. I walked up to go over and I guess that's that I'd like to go back. But I don't know if
I could take it because the entitlement with this
weapon, I think I'm
here. Can. No.
Yeah. Oh my God, Now he's redecorating my living room. Oh my God. Otis
wayne,
You are insane. Um It's like, yeah, Whatever. Um Yeah. Yeah, I would go back. Um But you know, I think I would make like a third of what I'm making right now
and then I'd have to
leave
my cocoon. I do work while retail job. Oh my God, sweetest hours ever. I
work on Saturday and Sunday for two hours to do, deposit 25% discount and
I go home and customers. What's been feeling generous and I'll come in from
other time. But it's beautiful.
Unfortunately
working at Penney's so yeah, I don't know how longer they're going to laugh.
I
was here.
Oh my God. I know. I know. Um like steers you know seriously just having one really long drawn out going away party, they'll be gone. But you know make it will never know how much fun going tomorrow was and that was my thing.
But
can
you have a song?
But
then
I miss that now. I mean I can't do it anyway right now. I mean I'm good for maybe about five minutes to go in and get out. Nothing will compare. And being 16 years old with your allowance all day at the ball. Good
times.
And
we
have a real small one out where I am. Um Series is gone. There's a store
called
Carson. We're not a business the Macy's is going to pull out next year and then there's the pennies like yeah
probably probably
need to find out
what a part time now mm
Well we just got a quantum open and literally it was like the biggest thing ever they did over $1 million dollars that day and I'm like yeah I want to go to Costco for a number of january. I do love Costco. Um We have sam of
you
know it's it's outside Chicago so you know what we do is complain about things because we don't have them as good as the people but we're from like we have decent baseball except I hate the cubs. Um We thought that thought the bears were going to be good this year doesn't look like it doesn't look like it. Yeah. Yeah hockey we used to be good.
there are fun games to go through. They really are. But they're freaking expensive. We've got a An NHL team on
in Rosemont, which is like 15 months away. Those games
are so much
bombed. $40
to
get into
free food. It's it's great. So we dragged them
once a year. We go all the
time.
It's like we should take you somewhere.
Are you excited about the cracking
dating?
No.
Oh, I would be.
Yeah. Yeah. That's cool though. I'm
glad you guys got to see them. I need another decent basketball to another.
They
left.
Yeah, we're gonna leave. We're going to the championship the next year. Hope you don't buy no hard feelings. Yeah. Great. As opposed what went one for a long, long time. So that's just uh you
just
go there
for the ambiance, Chicago will be very cold
in the winter because there's nothing to do.
Blackhawks
our menu.
I'm
so sorry.
horrible
as february is here. September october are beautiful. They really are.
April is not bad. It's not bad in july and august, insanely hot. But why don't we live here? But I don't know. It's too much effort to move.
you
can
imagine.
come
on. And so Dallas.
We either get a lot of smell or it's really cold. Or sometimes both. I mean, well a couple years ago it was below zero for two days. He was one like 30. Below zero. We had a full of our tech and my firm would you, are you on a cold january? So I'm sitting there waiting, waiting and waiting and they're letting people go, people go home like yeah. You guys so what are you up in a hotel for the next two days? You guys have to be here? Yeah, like a free but I want to be here by. So yeah, I
sucked up their dog
but you know it's kind of nice because
my husband
can deal
with
the kids
and the dog
the dog want to use um oh
he's
gonna
be pissed when I go back, I'm not gonna come home my house anymore.
They're like, yeah, sorry? Oh God, I would love to have another dog but
he's getting up there and and so I just want him to be the king.
found him on our local cell shirt billboards, facebook page about six years ago I looked at him, I told my husband my ankle get him and you know, he doesn't
listen. You know, I was like, what if we can kind of rolled his eyes and seven whenever? So I called him at work two days later, he's on sale. Get me That dog is not going to be good for you. So it's not a dog. Bring the kids over and beautiful
black and you want them. He picked me up the train. And Otis has been my baby from that second. I got that car. You don't look at my lucky. I went to the old man. I'm like, mom, I love you. Yes, you made that me give me treats and you're lucky. Didn't you sell? God.
Yeah,
I
am
so
looking forward to your being over. That's playing being over selection Mango.
yeah. We were asked,
my firm was asked to do some stuff and they said no because they didn't want the bad pr
we had enough bad here as it is. Um So uh yeah because we represented um the N.
F. L. P. A. So my brady and stuff so yeah we need enough bad, doesn't it? But everything every time they go to court they have to justify
why they're doing it right. And um
when the judges said
oh come on, there's nothing here. Oh yes there is. No,
no you better find it or you're gonna get sanctions. That's why you see a lot of them to drop out. Like Young Day is a law firm, they're stopping didn't want to do it because they've been threatening sanctions. And you know
if you're a lawyer you kind of want to keep your license. Especially these guys were making well over 500,000 years. I mean some of their bonuses are over $1 million dollars milas door do that.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't have that to be a lawyer though. I would probably tell somebody off.
Yeah. I mean that's I can shut off. My boss is like that
though,
she's single. She want to say she's like 40 ISH. She starts at nine, maybe gets off at 10 like. Yeah. No.
I know. I mean I keep saying I'm gonna retire in 10 years. I want to retire
early. My husband, I want you to do that. But I don't know. I guess celebrating the third job. Not me. I think I need to retire early. I think I've done
what's
the point? You know,
I cried when I thought I got that things like Social Security. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no more than 20 years. There's just no way I don't have it in me to be nice to people, which was a warrior. I don't think so.
yeah. My best friend stuck with education and she's going to retire. She's got 30 years in the same school. I'm like, come on. Just something. Anything else. I was a Captain, Michael Because I didn't want
to do it. But then they said it was like 2050 bucks. So I saw money and I went, I was sitting there was pretty quiet. Um, we have like 600 people come
here because we have a really small precinct. So for this one lady, I hear her, she's screaming in the little booth,
democrats made this, it's just pretty too small for me to make sure I don't
vote for
trump. He's right.
Playing
yeah. Oh yeah. So yeah, I would
have liked
to help that. I can see you're a democrat, like whatever. I'll just sit down
like, I don't care who you vote for, however, whatever gets through the night. You want to vote for trump, fine, want to work with slide and fine, just no Panya. Oh my goodness. Usually it's like a five minute thing to vote. This woman was here for a half hour. I'm like, oh God, this is what it's like to be 80. I don't want to make a T, I
just can't
what?
Yeah.
Well, I did my best. I mailed him in um I want to say over half our town mailed ahead easily.
they do a decent job
publicizing
that. I mean it's Juliet, so not much happens here. It's, you know, Blues Brothers have been filming. Um It's the only thing you study of Julia people from looking at the prison. Um and or they'll try to get
the Statesville
where gave me
was like, yeah, I took it out there. Don't
do tours. Yeah.
People
in Southern, all of them are adopted mine. Yeah, they do a decent job of publicizing that. But I was afraid that the virus is gonna get worse so we just decided to buy more and then I wound up putting myself in um disinfectant all day. So I would say oh man this has been fun. I think that he showed up.
that's
that's awesome. All right.
I think it's your time, right? Yeah.
All right. Next
week. You too.
You do think.
Uh huh.