no.
I, I just have to see somebody there. I've tried this a few times and sometimes
people don't show up. So
I know like, you know me, don't you want to talk to me?
Okay. Like why go to the father of, you know,
signing up if you're not
going to show up? Oh,
I'm
robert
well placing you just so,
um, well, you know, I'm doing doing the prolific surveys. Is that assume the same for natural onto Oh no.
Oh
no. Yeah. How'd you get into it?
So
it
was,
Mhm. I did, I did the exact same thing. You know, I just haven't like stumble across it, read like a couple articles and then I found that the beer buddy read it and I started reading about it and like when people are posting like there's no way you can make that
much.
So I started out and it's like, how long you been doing it for?
Hey.
wow, that's awesome. You
just, just as prolific. Mm.
No,
yeah, we're not either. But my, my state just log the, brought the lockdown back hole. So we're back at Square one.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean
I'm in Washington state, so that was, that's where it started and that's where, you know, I don't know why they bothered you, let us go out at all.
Yeah. Oh, I know, I know it because it's like here. So I have family in Idaho and it's like, you know, the coast like where we live is also very one way politically and then we go visit my sister and like no one, you know, it's just life is normal there, like no one's wearing master everything and it's like, well this is gonna work very well.
and
Just like
the same
person.
I
know that I feel the same way. It's like I kept thinking like well at these things will be normal by christmas, you know what
it's like,
it's like, well yeah, I know and it's like now everything, everything you read is like well it's going to make the vaccination and that's gonna take come next spring before it's widespread.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So
Yeah. Yeah. It's just crazy. You could have told me a year ago all this stuff was going to happen,
you
can't
you
can't make it up and it's like, it's not because I tell my kids all the time, you know, it's like they're so frustrated, you know like you want to go back to school and everything. I'm just like I'm like my butcher living right now, that's going to be in a history
book and you'll be able to talk about it when you're old.
We never made everyone back here at all. It was just all online,
I
know. You know. Yeah. Now look at us now, we're all stuck in there.
Have
you have you done what have you done one of these video ones before? It was the first
one,
I don't
think.
Yeah, I've got one other one. Have it wasn't was it talk to like a college kid and more to us yesterday And it it just seems like here. I hope that really is. Like I haven't left my house. I dropped out of school and interesting like a pretty good students sit in this room.
Yeah. It's like a really bad for you guys at this age because this is like when you're supposed to be doing stuff together, watching it's like when you're older it doesn't matter.
Yeah, I'm gonna do the same thing, don't you worry about it. Mhm.
And
Yeah, that's I got my my my oldest is 14 and then I have that 11 year old, so All right. You
know, I figured that you know, if it had it's going to happen to it, the worst of it was like their senior year of high school or something. Great. Okay. All right.
Yeah, that works out pretty well.
What? I know, it's like I've been trying to read like about that, you know the spanish
flu in the twenties and it's like the parallels about it, like the anti mask league. It's like it's all just repeating the exact same thing that that took like a year and a half, two years to really get out, so. Mhm.
I
make
man
I'm a working in death investigator in time. I'd never essential employee obviously. So I never got that. I've never got to be that community or commute from home and seeing him like I'm like I think a career changes like you know I want to stay home and work from home and I know it's not fun to do that but
thank
you. Yeah.
And.
Oh yeah. Well it's the kind of kick with like the kids. Like we went back we watched a bunch of old like twilight zones and then like old black and white ones and it's like it's like what other time would like I sat and watched that with my kids.
Well yeah we're that conversation about Star Wars is like who is this man? How old were you when this was made?
quit judging it from today's. That's really
welcome.
What's up at all?
Uh I got a little dog. Little ugly chihuahua rescue side. My daughter died from the town. Are you
so?
that's awesome.
That's awesome. I know.
Yeah. Well I think I got I think £8 but
either.
Yeah that's that's our right stinking dog. It'll be like on the bed, we'll try to pick it up the moving and try to bite me because it's comfortable and like
Uh if you return to your I can see you goodbye.
Yeah just like the feed started to get a little
choppy.
That's right.
So uh
so what what other other have another good studies or anything like this was quite hate them. Also I think of all of the ones that dad. Okay. Yeah burger.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Man.
Okay. You know, I still can't get over the games. Like watching it was like the no, no fans in the stands and everything that's like,
No.
Well as I feel like it's them so bizarre with, you know, they pipe in the crowd noises and everything,
but like I
think like that would be a stranger or if you had to be out on the field and it was just quiet. Hello?
And
they
were,
Oh, it was
Or what,
what did you study there?
Wilson
that
Oh yeah. Did you ever work in education at all? Okay.
But
He has played more lucrative I suppose.
that's all.
And
everyone
In
statement.
It's
just a lot. It's been kidding.
Another problem
with the final.
Nine hours.
They're
often,
Everything
All
No,
it's awesome. What kind
of return of it?
I
know. That's what that's what
that's another one that's scary. It's like another like another unbelievable thing that they would disappear.
I know. And I think that you know, it's funny because it's you know like like we watched the can ultimately watch the Stranger things and stuff and like they got like all this cat like you know, like interested in that era and it's like life in the mall like that now and you know, it's like, I think it's
almost like they have this nostalgia for something they never experience.
I
know it's like it doesn't sound like all that shopping stuff but she's like yeah it's like convenient and get it you know to get whatever you want but have to fight
me but
just going walking around the store.
Yeah we went
we went into it with a kind of opened up tomorrow's here just you know, limiting capacity and we went in a few weeks ago and it was just you know probably Over 5050% of shops and this empty you know the other like another third having an open and so you know like a ghost town. It's like well how can that last? It looks like the overhead and keeping them all open looks like they're all going to be gone
every
person.
you can
get
that.
I don't
know.
just so you just won't have any like big box retailers around after that. Oh
I am
next.
For hockey. Blackhawks thanks. Yeah.
Perhaps.
Excellent.
Stand
little bit
of
drug.
customer,
little
bit of that.
We're a big were a big hockey family and so I'm just out of Seattle and like we got
a crack and we're so excited. My my daughter plays and she's gonna play, she they already have ice times in their practice facility laid out that they're
gonna open next summer. And so it's like
we're going to be the first people in the practice facility and yesterday.
Yeah. I can't I'm so excited. You know we got up to get Vancouver a couple times to watch commits games with the families. What is your, you know, your equivalent to your hometown I guess?
Family.
Yeah that's whatever their, that's like people either really happy or the other half are pissed and basketball, they're like, we don't
want to hockey.
Basketball.
You're
better
background.
I
only did
it.
I only lived in there one time. It was for work and it was in february and were,
it
was terrible. And we're downtown and I walked down to the Natural History Museum and I thought I was going to freeze at that walking back because there was like, there was no cabs around and somehow I got it like some underground part of the city is the only way I did it back to the hotel. And it was, I was just, I was just lost. And I was like, why, why, why do people live here and spoke a certain
point?
Karen.
Yeah. That's the way we moved, uh, from Idaho originally when we moved here four years ago. And it's, it's the climate, you know, it's like they say it's like it rained all the time. It's like I rode my bike home from work today and you know, it's pouring rain the whole time and
just
like the
sun hasn't been out a week and just a coach results. But you know, suburbs are nice. It never gets above 80, It's like that
perfect,
perfect. Like green and the winners are, you know, we don't get a lot of snow, but it's just a constant cloudy grey sky with a drip in the head.
President.
But
them
for
the
first
half
of Carolina
are
on
it.
teach you left it,
remember?
yeah. Yeah. My, my dog, I don't know exactly where I rank with him. I got last summer I had a bike rack and I broke a bunch of ribs and my family's out of town and I came home and it's like, oh, you know, it's like just gonna lay on the couch and the, you know, the dog was laying here in Cape and company. And the first, the first thing he did is, you know, wanted to go out and let him out and then ran to the neighbor's house. And then every time after that when I opened the door, he grew into the neighbor's house and I was like the broken ribs and try to get up and like I have to go over the neighbor's house and get them. And I'm like, oh, a big, you're the exact kind of animal of a critic if I die, like it's not a two way like comfort animal. It's like I'm here to entertain you and that's it. Oh
Progress.
terrorism.
Okay.
Okay.
For
political
thoughts.
I know that. I don't think that's what sucks right now. As I thought like, okay, like the election will be over and I like things will start to be normal and then, you know, especially here like it, I think everyone was focused, you know, on the election and they kind of forgot like about covid and like, oh yeah, that's still here and well, you've all been distracted by the election is out of control. Okay.
About
All
That's
Background
I think
the final
I don't
Beach.
Yeah. It was just doing the wrong career.
Yeah. Well, yeah, it's like this kind of job that becomes your whole life, you know? It's like, you know,
as
trump. Mhm.
Yeah. I don't just like all day long like that, you know, it's like it there's got to be more, look there's gotta be more to life than that, you know, this guy.
Carol.
That was my,
what?
I got my wife that he was like, oh wow. Like really? It's that much longer until we can retire. Like, because like this is like this is like we should be more closer to the end of the race here.
I know. Like, well I love hope we got a lot of our neighbors are like firefighters and you know, it doesn't look like a have an early retirement. I'm just like, it's like, just tell me because they're like legitimately talking about it. But like I could have done that.
777.
Good,
Rock.
my
gosh,
So
if you go just like they think people have complaints like that you assist orders.
It
works.
I still want you to vote though.
Did
you guys have bill and voting at all? Did
you have mail in voting? Did you mail in vote? Yeah.
Okay.
Here, yeah. Here it's almost all, it's always almost an all male and from what I understand, like I don't even know where you go for your, where, you know, it's like you see the BC, the ballot boxes all over to drop them into, but like I never saw any signs for like if you want to go vote in person, I'm sure you're good prepared
and
I want to.
boat
ride
back.
Well,
that's morbid morbid
to
Yeah. Thank you for showing up. So you guys get it for half
an hour? Uh huh.
I think
we got it. So it's good to meet you.
You
have a nice rest of your day. Good
bye bye. Mhm.