we're, mm Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay thank you. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. What's going on? Give
me one
So what do we just talk about?
Um Let me let me adjust something real quick.
It's okay. Um I've already already worked from home, I've been working from home for the last two years so it really hasn't changed. What about you?
Yeah that does what part of the uh again the United States Embassy? Me Okay. Northeast I'm in north Carolina.
Um A little bit. Not much. What about y'all?
Yeah our parks opened up last week so we were able to go out last this saturday. I took like a seven mile hike through the mountains. So we
did we did get a lot of stuff open but you don't get to go out any. I'm assuming you live with your parents. Okay. So do you get to go out at all?
and that's actually the same with me, I mean I go out, I still go to the grocery store um probably two or three times a week, but I don't really get out, get out. I mean this saturday was the first time that I've really gotten out with two other people, but they stay at home as well, they work from home as well, so it works fine, so.
how did you, I'm curious how did you get into this prolific site?
Yeah, so did I? So I worked, I worked, I've always worked from home and like right now I'm like in my office room and I can't leave my office pretty much like I answer phone constantly. Uh And between that I was like browsing Reddit and I was like saw that site and I was like, you know what sounds really stupid. Maybe I'll try it when I was like this is no money at all, like this is ridiculous, like as many services as I take. And then I started figuring it up and I'm like well I'm at work eight hours a day and I do Roughly, I've only been doing it for like two or 3 weeks. And then I was like what does it really matter? I'm already at work, why don't I just do them? And in the years time we'll have, I don't know such and such money, you know, so I'm already at work. Why not? You
know, it makes sense to me. So I
was
just curious.
And
yeah, no, I got you. I've only, how long have you been doing it?
Really, wow. Okay. So I've been doing it two weeks. Have you had anything like this though?
Yeah, neither have I. Um So I think this is like the biggest study that I've done so far. Um So
I don't
even
know what
do you
mean?
so I'm just curious like whenever I guess after day two I had enough to cash out and I was like I'm going to try cashing out the small amount of money to see if this really is true. And so I made
my,
yeah, so it went into my paper I got and I'm like okay I guess it works, you know? So um like I said I just said at work why not make an extra few dollars here and there and then go buy something at the end of the year with it, you know? Mm
So
Oh yeah, I think I think that I'm at like $40 and two weeks.
Um So and that is because I can sit here for you know my work you know like I don't have to do anything like I have to be in the front of the so um
sometimes
um let's see actually haven't opened up on my work computer.
Yeah they don't have them consistent at least from what I've seen. Like I woke up on like sunday at like six a.m. And I got up and I just go check always check them constantly working. I check my work emails. I'm like A study popped up at like six. a.m. on a Sunday. So uh yeah a lot of that. I don't know there's no but it's all it's all overseas that it's coming from right because it's in pounds so I'm
wondering
yeah what time is it there right now? You know Like do they get more surveys at night when I'm sleeping
the,
you know, But I go to bed pretty early so I don't know, you know, I'm never a plate so but well that sucks that all this is messing up your senior year, wow. So what are all your other friends doing?
Right. Right. You plan to go to college after this?
Do you have anything you want to go into?
Okay. I got you. Um Yeah, I don't know too much about any, any one of those that are you an artist? Are
you
delivering flag
on?
Well,
um yeah, pretty much. I restored like old motorcycles, like really old ones.
I'm like vintage what they used to call the first street bikes, not like Harleys or anything. Um And then I have like older cars and I'm restoring right now. One of them is actually in the paint booth being painted and I should have it back really soon. Um Mountain biking, start biking, anything that's outdoors fishing. Um You know, like I'm not really a computer person, I don't really play video games. Um but I did just start playing Call of Duty. Uh
Yeah, so, So I moved to North Carolina two years ago and I'm always lived in Dallas texas before this, I'm pretty old. But uh I, my little nephew, he's 11 years old, he got Call of Duty and so I don't play video games, so I was like, hey man, I'm gonna get this game, let's play together, you know? So it keeps me and him were close before I left, so his dad and my brother got it as well. And so like we're all playing and we get on, he can't play during school, school night. So I had to play with him on the weekends, but I've been doing that as well. So. Um,
but
yeah, pretty much it. I mean I go out a lot on the weekends, like friday and saturday. Not anymore, of course, but we go out with friends and yeah, I guess you could say go out to dinner, have a couple of drinks, maybe go to live concerts, A lot of live music we go to actually pretty big on that, but, but yeah, that's about it. Yeah. So
yeah, a lot of the restaurants here are still open if you want, like curb blood service, you know? Um,
so
I live in downtown so I just walk over and can like grab something. I'm always taking my, have a really good dog that I take on a walk every single day, probably three or four times a day. And
so
they Rhodesian, ridgeback,
you
know. Yeah, they're massive, just big dogs. She's just she's a sleeping in my bed right now. She's pretty, pretty good. So she just turned three here two weeks ago and
I
yeah she is and she's not she's not rambunctious, like she's just very calm demeanor. Um And I've been teaching her, she uh she goes mountain biking with me, so whenever I'm on my bike like she runs with me like through the trails behind me or in front of um But yeah, she's a she's a pretty good dog. You got any pets?
Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah. So you have you have our brother then, that's it.
Older sister? Yeah, my whole family is back in texas. Um So I just kinda moved away from them to be honest, I'm missing a pretty good amount right now. I was supposed to go back to texas here last month. Um And I stayed there, I go probably four times a year and I usually stay with my brothers and my parents you know? And uh but because of all this I didn't get to go so a little homesick right now. Um But now we're getting through it. Mhm.
fucking
Where did you go in texas?
Yeah, so uh I know the bucky's that you went to and I've been there uh 10 15 times, who knows how many times? Uh And yeah, we always stop off there. Like I live in Dallas which is up more north and we use passing more. Uh I actually used to live in a town called Denton texas which is Just above Dallas like 30 minutes and didn't just open up its first Bucky's last year. So they were building it while I was moving up here and it just opened. I've been there like two or three times but it's massive. So pretty, pretty cool. Pretty cool little place. Yeah.
That's
an
all.
Yeah they have, I've never gotten to see it. My brother lived in Austin for I don't know, like 10 years
and
yeah it's an awesome, yeah, Dallas is pretty cool. It's it's very, I mean it's so big, like so massive that it's crazy. Um But there's no there's no there's no like scenery as far as that goes, like there's good architecture there and stuff. Uh it's just flat and so whenever I moved up here to actually I'm surrounded by mountains, you know? Which is just
Yeah, pretty much. Uh
Yeah um it's gorgeous up here. Like I don't have in texas, we don't really have tons of trees and mountain. So like, Pretty much
my two best friends moved up here, kind of on a whim. They were a married couple and they just, they lived in Dallas or whole life and they said, hey, let's pick a spot. And they just picked Daschle. I visited him like two years later and I was like, really like Asheville went back and I never thought of it. And then a year after that, I was just like, you know, I was about to buy a house in Dallas. I was like, called them up and I was like, hey, what do you think about me moving to Nashville? And they were like, yeah, that's great, come on over. And so the next time that I flew there actually went to go find a place to live. And so I went to Asheville twice before I decided to move there I found a place to live and now I've been here for over two years so, but pretty, pretty.
Yeah, it's pricey, it's expensive here. Right.
Yeah. Well we get we do get four seasons here in Nashville, we don't get a ton of snow because we're actually in a little crevice, so we're surrounded by the mountains. Um So we get a little bit texas, we don't um The first time I actually ever saw like snow accumulate was like last year and it was
Yeah, I mean texas, we we we do get snow even in north texas, it's rare. Um But you would say once or twice a year you might get an inch or two, there's no you know, something like that. Um but here I think in my backyard I got like 8" of snow and I was like this is the best day, you know it was awesome. Um But we have mountains here so I just took up snowboarding last year. So another one of my hobbies love snowboarding
now. Like one I even end up buying a season pass. Um So yeah I love it. But
Yeah. Uh I went once when I was 16 in Denver and I loved it and I was like I'm gonna go back every year and I just never did you know never had the money. Um but now that I live here uh you know like much older but gotten into it, I'm like man I don't remember it being this hard and like falling
hurt
and
yeah it's pretty it's pretty fun and then in the summer time they want the snow all melt. They they take the ski lifts and they turn them into mountain biking. So they take your bike up the ski lift
and then you get to go down the mountain that used to ski on it. So but I haven't got to do that this year since everything's gotten shut down so. Right. Yeah. So where is this timer thing that we're supposed to be looking? I haven't
even.
So well
what
time did you get on? Oh
and you were on video then? Okay. So what do you think they use this video footage for?
What
are
they
studying about? Like
there's
million
directory? I mean I
don't
know.
It seems
like
do you think that they're going to have somebody sit down and watch our recording
and villa? Why
these two here? Yeah. Well um I actually thought that they were going to pair me up with like somebody like in another country or something, you
know,
you know, still both english speakers I guess, you know, because that's the only way to do it. Um But yeah, I actually thought that that's what they were going to do and see how that, you know, people react or how things were going over there for them. I don't know, that's just what I was like that. Maybe
we'll
work. Yeah. Um You ever been over a country anywhere?
Um No uh oh, I mean I've been to Mexico, I don't know 10 times and then I've been to, I went on a cruise out of the gulf of Mexico and I'm trying to went to like bullies and I remember it was like five or 10 years ago and several countries down in South America. It was just like 30 of my friends went on a cruise. So um, it was pretty ridiculous but we had a good time so. But yeah I've always wanted to always want Japan's up there for me. I always wanted to go somewhere like that, like I think it would be a big culture shock.
I was supposed to be going there. I don't know I guess it would have been two years ago now. Yeah it would have been two years ago now. So my girlfriend at the time was chinese and her grandparents still live there so she got to visit them pretty often and so we were playing on a big trip to go there and I was like there's you know there's my chance to go plus I had somewhere to stay and somebody who could actually show me the cool stuff instead of all the touristy stuff. Uh But then we ended up breaking up and I moved here so you know, they never get to make it. But definitely at the top of my list in Australia would be too. And I don't know why. Look.
Yeah. But maybe maybe one of these days I'm not a huge traveler, so.
Yeah. Well I think my first plane ride was I was probably 16 And I'm I'm 37 now. So um but got to go on a few. I'm trying to think I've been to 25 or 26 states. So I have gotten to the there's a lot of places.
Yeah. I've been wanting to do a trip in my truck. They're all the wilderness places. I have one of those off road trucks that, you know, I take out and do all that stuff and I really want to do like a big trip up to Alaska. But to do that I really need to take off like a month from work and I don't think that's gonna happen. So Yeah. Plus my dog
hate.
Yeah, I was gonna look awesome. I would love to go there but my dog hates truck right? Like she hates getting in the truck. I don't know why. Most dogs
love
it.
Yeah, she starts hyper ventilating so it's just like extremely panting and just going crazy and she's just very stiff, you know? And uh like whenever I go back to texas, I take her with me and Like that's a 14 hour drive and she's just miserable the whole time. So yeah. But but yeah, maybe one of these days we'll get the go on a long trip. So. But Oh yeah. So what else?
Yeah. I don't know. I did be honest. I didn't look at the time. It doesn't it doesn't bother me. I'm not any real rush. I'm gonna answer some work emails after this. Yeah.
What's the artwork behind you?
You want pilot? Is it was that what you like to listen to you? Yeah.
What's your favorite band then?
Yeah. I know one of their songs. I know two of their songs. I can't
think
of
the one
I don't know the name.
It's one that's got a little bit of rap but the other one that I do know and I think I know the name. It's they did a remake from My Chemical Romance. Do you know who that is?
In
Hope?
Yeah it's called Cancer. I thought that they
did
yeah they did a pretty good job of that so um but other than that they're pretty horrible band. Um Sms. Okay. Uh
um You ever heard of Manchester Orchestra?
Okay. Manchester Orchestra is probably up there may be brand new, so that's the
name
of the
man.
No, it's not, it's just normal alternative music.
pretty
like yeah, it's actually pretty,
or Chorus Orchestra. Hard to say. Yeah, like it's easy, like anybody who, I don't know, I've seen them in concert probably about five times and they're really good, like Cd through CD is consistently good and it's not any sort of music that's kind of weird out there that like somebody is going to be like, oh, I don't like that, like overall it's a good, no
wrong
music.
Mhm. Yeah, I haven't time so yeah, give him give him try and see what you think, but well, cool, we about done.
Yeah, I hope I'm sorry that your senior year sucks. So bad,
you know, like
we
true, well, I wish you the very best and I hope you
make a lot of minimum prolific. Okay, uh you
have a good night