Nothing
much. Have it? Yeah. Yeah.
How's your quarantine experience been going?
How this one?
Um Well I'm in high school and I'm a senior, so it's been like kind of annoying. It's like senior year. It's just like another thing anymore. But
Oh, have you guys opened up yet?
Um Just a little bit. Nothing really. But we have like parks open or something.
Oh, that's
Uh Not really. I think I've only been out like three times in like three months, so it's been one.
Well like what you said about going on a hike, like I feel like I've been able to go outside a lot more, which has been nice. What?
I think I sold them like Reddit or something.
What?
Well,
like
I've actually, I've done like other survey sites too, but like, I don't know, they just like don't really pay like compared to pearl effect, like they don't pay like anything Like it's like 10 cents for like half an hour. So like this is actually the other
it's others
um Probably Like two months or so.
No.
I've
gotten
like
first
samples
or something before, but not from this site is another one. Yeah, it's like soap or something. Nothing that exciting. Mhm.
before you
invest like more time.
that's it. More than you think like I don't think I've really invested in anything worthwhile. Just fought
like video games.
Oh, that's nice.
How often
do you get service?
Because I feel like minor like really sporadic like they don't really like they're not consistent.
It's
like in the UK players.
Yeah, that's No,
I actually was thinking that too.
Um pretty much the same thing and then a few people aren't following social guidelines, but
uh yeah, I'm not I haven't chosen the out but we'll see about that. Yeah.
Um I was thinking like psych or I mean I was kind of thinking art but like I don't really know what I would do with that. Probably more psychology.
I mean
not
just it's
just something that I like to do, it just helps me distress. What
are your hobbies?
Oh that's cool.
Oh my brothers into that.
What?
That's nice.
Yeah, I can't wait till we can actually see the restaurants and stuff again. It'll be so weird though once everything is over.
Yeah, that's what
we're up to.
What breed
is that
I ask.
Utes.
dogs are always
nice though because they're like big bloody marys.
Um No I used to have a golden retriever but he passed away like I think it was years ago.
Uh My older sister too.
I've actually I went to texas for the first time, I think it was like a year ago, but it's really pretty there also we were like surprised what's it called? Bucky's bucky's is
like the most amazing thing ever. It's like a department store
um Like san Antonio and Houston.
Yeah Dallas looks cool too, but we didn't get the chance to go. But I saw online they have like a bat bridge or something like at sunset. You see all the bats like. Well I
I really
want
to see that. That looks cool.
Austin.
Austin that wasn't dull. Alright.
Is that near the Smoky Mountains?
we went through there one time. It's pretty.
What?
I've always heard that area was nice.
could just never I don't know. I I like having four seasons though. Like having no, well I love we got like a ton ton of.
See I could never imagine that.
Well that's for
I've only ever really been into like cross country skiing, like snowboarding, like downhill skiing. It's not really been my thing, but cross country is nice.
No
it looks
hard.
Oh that's cool.
I
don't know. I think it's on the other type of mind just like restarted, it restarts every single time I opened itself. I mean it started 7 25 ft. Mhm.
So like four
more minutes.
let's just say like 726/7 to be safe.
I don't know. It said studying conversation so I don't
know what
that
means.
Can't
they just like
go into a cafe and just watch people or something.
I
mean
I guess
not now
they can't do that
and like and
That's weird.
that would
have been cool. Yeah.
That
would have been
I'll just kinda so it's nice there though. I've always wanted to go to Japan. That's been like the one place I always wanted it. Have you ever been anywhere?
Yeah. That's why I want to go. It just seems so different like from anything I've ever seen. So that's pretty much why.
All those spiders though and like the snakes. I don't know if I could handle that. You got the qualifier. So
Yeah. I mean I've never been on a plane so that would be a little difficult.
me too. I think it was two years ago we went across country trip, so I think we only missed like obviously not Alaska or Hawaii. We went to most of them except for like some of the midwestern ones. Like I think Kansas and stuff, but it was cool.
Law school
looks pretty.
she has like
car
sickness.
Um, decor almost about don I mean,
I mean I've been procrastinating work all day, so
um Oh, that's just a 21 pilots poster.
know. I like alternative music and stuff. So
uh, going on files,
is
it
stressed
out? Right? Or heathens?
It's probably though.
yeah, I can't think of
the song.
That one.
that's
the one. Also.
What's your favorite?
No.
Is
it
like
a, like an actual orchestra? Is that just like
Thank you. I'll
check it out.
let me let me actually read that time. What is it called? Yeah.
that's
like
the worst when you have an artist that you like and they make like good albums and then the ones just get worse than where I've had that happen to like three different bands. It's like so disappointing.
I think so. Yeah. It's nice talking to you.
it's
a lot it's
a lot better compared to other people are going through, so
sir,
Bye.