SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Hello
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: it's going pretty good. We have matching backgrounds which is pretty great. Right? So
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: have you done this before? Is this your first round?
SPEAKER_L: My 2nd round, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: A third round? I've done it twice before and the person I talked about last time, they were really happy I showed up because I guess like four out of their six times someone didn't show up. I'm like that's kind of disappointing. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah true. Yeah. What time zone are you in? Is it morning for you or?
SPEAKER_R: it's it's late morning, I'm an Eastern time zone.
SPEAKER_L: Me too?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's nearing afternoon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How was your
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: week?
SPEAKER_R: your? It was pretty good, relatively overall. Low key. We had a big weather swing. I mean if your in Eastern you probably did too with it being like really warm and all of a sudden it's like, oh hey, guess what? It's high thirties instead of the seventies which for some things of nice, I like a cool fall. But yeah, we had a day of like freezing rain, that was not so nice. Um But yeah yesterday went on uh hike with a bunch of friends which was fun and
SPEAKER_L: Just one.
SPEAKER_R: so, you know, not terribly sweaty, which is always a good thing.
SPEAKER_L: Are you
SPEAKER_R: You,
SPEAKER_L: a big outdoorsy
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: person?
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't classify myself as like a really outdoorsy person, but I do like, I like going out and being outdoors, but I'm not a backpacker type outdoorsy person. I appreciate plumbing in wifi. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: How about you? Are you at outdoors eve, like hiking, kayaking enemy, that kind of stuff? Not
SPEAKER_L: I like the snow important but that's about it.
SPEAKER_R: snowboarding. Snowboarding scares me. My oldest brother snowboards and is pretty good at it, but I was just like, oh, I couldn't cross country skiing is adventurous enough for me downhill. Anything scares me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's a little intimidating sometimes but
SPEAKER_R: Do you do mostly like grooms hills or have you ever gone like out on a real mountain or anything?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I've hit some back country but I mostly spend my time in the terrain parks of jumps
SPEAKER_R: Morning,
SPEAKER_L: and rails and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: cool. So you're like a trick border? That's awesome. Yeah, that's not my kind of adventure, but I admire people who do and have the skill for it. I think part of it is like my hand, eye coordination is not the greatest and that translates down to my feet. So like I'm a yoga, horseback riding, cross country skiing type person.
SPEAKER_L: That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Now the places where you board are they, do they ever put down artificial snow if you don't give enough snowfall?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah especially on the east coast like I've written out in the west and they don't do that usually but in new Hampshire which is pretty local to me, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well that's good. At least if you have like a bad year for snowfall, you can still go out and do your stuff. Like last year where I live, we had not a lot of snow, like we had a lot of snow, but like very short bursts of it. So I literally only went out to cross country ski twice, which is kind of sad. And the,
SPEAKER_L: Eric
SPEAKER_R: and the second time I went it was, and what it was like late january, early february. And we had kind of like, oh surprise, here's some more snow and I went and the trails were so I see it was not a fun time, but at least I went,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So have you been working or working remotely during during all this?
SPEAKER_R: I was furloughed and then about a month ago, like officially laid off related to covid because um I'm a horseback riding instructor and I was working the higher end of part time, but part time and when everything hit there, like you just have to really like narrow it down to skeleton staff because at that point, um they weren't even like having programming for a while, we can't pay you if there's nothing going on. All the part time staff were furloughed and then um and continued on, they said really just to keep our programs sustainable, we have to just keep it to full time. So I understand it's just like, okay, I've been job hunting for a while and oh yeah, job hunting is a full time job in and of itself, which is great. But it is what it is. How about you? Are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm a student so yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I worked like part time online. Ah right yeah in school so I'm just doing it online. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well that's, that's good. Did your school like start off with everything online or are they one of the places that kind of like, oh, we'll do in person online or they flip flopped?
SPEAKER_L: they flip flopped up until I think two days before the semester so a lot of people got stuck in leases and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that is the worst. I have a have a handful of friends in college that are in that kind of situation and I have a handful of friends for faculty at colleges and they just like, they just feel so much for the students to like the crazy school is not really doing anything in the best interests of students financially or health lives always, which is just pretty appalling. But I mean, what can you do?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean our school that we didn't get approval from the county so there was really their hands were completely tired like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not a fun time. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Are you, wait sorry go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I said it's definitely a shift like learning online and stuff but.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's totally different and I know um one of my good friends is a high level chemistry professor and she, the school that she works for was pretty adamant that they were going to go um in person as long as they could and they did and now they're online but she was like because they gave us the option of if we want to move our own classes online, she just decided to do that right away, which was smart. And then she spent all summer and pre recording most of her lectures and she's so glad she did that because she said she said to me just a couple weeks ago that she's spending as much time or more just answering questions and stuff and like scheduling office hours because it's not just like she can't just park herself in an office for a few hours and be there. She has to do all the communication to set it up. But you're like, yeah, I'm really glad I pre recorded my lectures that I would be losing my mind right now, He's like, yeah you're smart thinking ahead,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: but Oh yeah, what field are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a biochem major so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: one of my friends just finished her where she got her PhD in biochem, like three weeks ago, she's so happy to be done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You accomplish murder that point. You're probably just ready to to do whatever you want, you know like workforce as opposed to trying to defend your thesis and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, she's like a big sigh and she's like, I'm done, like I can't quite believe I'm done, but I'm done and so happy like you, you earned it, that's good and she put a lot into it. I don't, biochem is a complicated degree to have so good for you. That's awesome. Do you know what you want to do with it or you're kind of exploring the fields a little bit
SPEAKER_L: I'm pre med. So yeah the goal isn't at school but yeah there
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: it would more good
SPEAKER_L: opportunities.
SPEAKER_R: doctors.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: We always need more good doctors.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Score keeper. It's interesting. We need more doctors yet. It's pretty hard to get a seat. Pyramid school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that, that probably, I don't know if it's just if it's like lack of lack of states in med school, which seems backwards to me, but I don't know, I have a lot of family in the healthcare field and they're just like, yeah, now he's seen more of, it seems to be a struggle to get anybody in any position, which on one hand is good that it's certainly competitive and you hopefully know you're getting good people, but it's also like you need good people in there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you go to college?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I am actually, I was at college briefly and then because of an injury I had to withdraw and that's kind of when I went on the horseback, right? An instructor track and then I'm currently right now. I'm really glad I'm in between semesters. I'm taking some time off but I'm back in school for nursing with the intention of finishing with a nursing doctor.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Time off. This is not a bad time to have time off
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Is that what you originally wanted to study? Like nursing when
SPEAKER_R: health
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: care. Yes. Originally I wanted to go into orthodontics which was slightly different. But yeah, my injury was a back injury. I was like I went back to school like you know, spending my whole career leaning over somebody is probably not the best choice of a back injury. I was like nurses cool And I like in nursing that because I knew I'd be working and living and going to school the higher end of part time, but some part time, some full time semesters I like nursing is a degree that you can kind of do in steps. You know I can get my RN work as an RN get my masters all that kind of stuff. So that's part of why I went back out.
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. Yeah. Being like a doctor Orthodontist Really? It's all or nothing.
SPEAKER_R: It really is like yeah that's that was a lot of school to be committed to and expensive school which yeah going into med school you know that. But yeah but it's worth it. That's what I hear from everybody. It's worth it. The practice locally. Or as you I guess maybe it'll depend what med school you get into if you want to work near there for references or familiarity. Any idea yet where you'd like to practice or even do your residency?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'd like to do either. Like of the coasts.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Um I briefly I spent like my first part of college I transferred but I started in Nebraska that's kind of like random that it was kind of secluded. Um So I transferred to a school out in California. I really like that a lot more. So either the East Coast were from or the west coast but.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah. Nice. The coasts are cool. I live in the midwest. Um But my mom's family is from the East Coast and then my sister um went to grad school out in California, so when we went and visited her, we spent some time on the west coast, Like the coasts are pretty cool, like the coast, I also like where I live, but if I had to move they're probably the east coast or west coast, not so much anywhere in between, I'm doing a great places in between, but I also like water, water is nice ocean, they're lovely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just more people more more going on, more things so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, something to be said for that population density, like way out in the country is nice for some things. I spent a brief time in Montana. I was like this is cool. As a trip, I'd never want to live here where I stayed were literally we're two hours from like their town and their town was a post office, a gas station combined with like a sort of grocery store, a grocery ish side of convenience store, and like they had a little chapel where you dropped off your trash to pick it up. And they were so excited because that summer they were opening like a local coffee shop restaurant in their little town. But to get to any real kind of civilization with like a five hour drive, I was like I could not handle that, I like people a little bit more than that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like a nice place to unwind and unplug, but more than that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So aside from school, have you done any kind of traveling domestically or internationally?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my family like we travel a lot so um well I mean since driving to California, I did that and I used to go to a boarding school up in Oregon, so I did
SPEAKER_R: Done.
SPEAKER_L: cross trips there as well as a boarding school in Vermont, so we would just travel up there, but internationally, um we've been to like europe and china and japan, which is really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so cool,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I might be in what you're beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I am not a big traveler, I've traveled a fair amount just in the US but my international travel has been limited to Canada so far. I would love to hit up europe and I really would love to go to Ireland and Australia. Um but yeah, my my dad and my sister have both traveled internationally more. My sister Mark, she was um part of a like touring mini symphony and they went around the world for like a season, which was pretty awesome. And then my dad has gone and visited his extended family in the Netherlands Germany course. No he hasn't gone to Australia, has family there, but he hasn't gone and Belgium but his parents immigrated from the Netherlands and not by very long. I was almost the first generation americans but not quite, I'd love to travel more but anything like overseas will be an ordeal because I am not a good flyer. Even like flying, I flew to California, took a relatively long flight to texas and back obviously, but those are pretty long and I'm like yeah that's shorter than flying over an ocean but I just have to like take extra Dramamine or something and knock myself out like that would maybe be fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's worth it I think.
SPEAKER_R: it is. Once you get there it's just like the flight is the short part can't think about it too much, but once you get there it really is very nice when you're somewhere else for a time,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I probably, I wouldn't go back to try our India because it's just, it's so crowded. Like I know I said
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: that I
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: like people and good population density but it's just
SPEAKER_R: a little much.
SPEAKER_L: it's Yeah and I know like I'm spoiled
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: with like first
SPEAKER_R: first
SPEAKER_L: world
SPEAKER_R: work?
SPEAKER_L: hygiene
SPEAKER_R: I yeah
SPEAKER_L: region
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but I really just can't get my mind wrapped
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: around
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: like how they do it there but
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's very different. I know and a little bit about china because my my cousin who is also a pretty good friend, she um was in the Peace Corps for quite a few years and she was stationed in china for two years three years a little while. And we did some pretty regular video chat with her and she just talked about like it's a very different kind of living and she talked about like yeah the standard of hygiene and how you know this or that thing is just totally normal. And to us it's like, that's so not really strange, but it's just very, very different and it was an adjustment for her. But when she got, when she came back to the US, she's like, yeah, I'm happy to exact here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, if you appreciate it more and probably and the chinese
SPEAKER_R: And the
SPEAKER_L: food
SPEAKER_R: chinese
SPEAKER_L: there is nothing
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: but we've got here so wake up call a little bit for me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. She's um she found some favorites and she's cooked cook stuff for her family, which is fun. But she also one was, I think the very first year she was there um she had like her little itty bitty apartment with like, you know, one burner on the stove and a little mini oven. And she has video chatting, kind of all the cousins we were on together. She's like, yeah, I'm doing my best to like find out like ken in the grocery stores and make my own thanksgiving dinner. And she sort of did, It was, it was really cute and she was very proud of yourself. She's like, yeah, I'm like made her own stuffing and she's like, I don't really have a turkey, but I'm making myself a duck and I was like, oh,
SPEAKER_L: It's impressive.
SPEAKER_R: so that's
SPEAKER_L: That's hard to
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Munich I feel like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. She was very creative and she was like, yeah, I just want to feel like I'm having thanksgiving with you guys. Like
SPEAKER_L: and sweet.
SPEAKER_R: that's very sweet. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but Germany
SPEAKER_R: dirt
SPEAKER_L: was probably my favorite place to go under list shame.
SPEAKER_R: Germany is on my list. I love also like everything over there. I just love even just pictures I've seen of the architecture and just like, I feel like everywhere you go is very steeped in cool architecture, historical kind of, that feel and very much like the country's culture, whereas the United States has a culture, but it's kind of a, you have pockets of this or that and it can be crazy different from one spot to another, which is cool and makes traveling the United States pretty fun. But yeah, we don't have any of that kind of, well on the East coast I guess we do a little bit but kind of that historical architecture isn't so much of that kind of automatically around was she hein? But
SPEAKER_L: Second
SPEAKER_R: makes it
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: to a lot of places.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, they've gotten it um it feels
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: like around
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: small town almost even in the biggest cities in Germany it just had
SPEAKER_R: communist.
SPEAKER_L: a small town feel but it's, it's pretty big like Berlin. It's just, I don't know it feels kind of homey, especially in the winter, I don't know, there's just something I
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah. I don't know what time of year I'd want to go. I feel like it would be cozy to be out there in winter. I know um someone who spent about a year in Scotland as part of their schooling and they love that. Just like they have, they got there I think they're well they're they're a little more than a year, like they got there um fall of one year, they spent a whole year there and then like the following spring they went back home, they're like yeah nothing quite like holiday kind of like wintry cozy out there. Oh
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: cool,
SPEAKER_L: like almost kind of similar to like a Vermont winter in the cabins but like more civilised and west skiing and more um I don't know just like cute little window shops and local places and
SPEAKER_R: Sounds like my kind of thing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah but you can't jaywalk, they're really they're really strict about that.
SPEAKER_R: That's so interesting and I heard that about again, California, my sister was there just like yeah not everywhere but a lot of places, they literally do ticket people for jaywalking. I was like I mean they're in the right to do it because it is like it's a law but it's interesting that there so changing about that out there too. No cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Makes it easier for drivers to know that you hopefully don't have to worry about that as much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. East coast, we jaywalk like crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my my town too. It's just like yeah everyone walk wherever they want whenever they want. Which isn't the worst thing because it's not particularly busy. But yeah I just I laugh when I see people who are like, they wait to cross the road, they wait to cross the road because it's super busy and then they make a mad dash. I was like 20ft that way is a pedestrian crosswalk where you could hit the button but whatever. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Have you been in city because they're they're notorious for jaywalking and
SPEAKER_R: no, I don't live in a big city, I live in my town's population is like 30,000 something, so not
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: huge, not tiny, tiny, but not huge,
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you been to New york city though?
SPEAKER_R: oh new york city, I have not for many years that I have and that's like, yeah, people
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: everywhere, no matter what. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't know that I could be happy living in new york. I like, I don't know if I'd ever be happy in like a really big city. I love the idea that because you literally have everything and you can walk or bike there and I love that idea. But also you have so many people I don't know, I'd probably have to try it to figure out if I actually like to. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I like L. A. Because it's it's a big city so you can get most of a good amount of what you need on foot but
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: much more spread out. So
SPEAKER_R: that is nice. Yeah, I'd be happy medium.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. New york city I don't know I'm afraid of like the rats and the mice and the on the subway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. New york I think would scare me a little bit if I lived there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But it's awesome to travel to or sick What's,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very cool to visit. Do you have any big american cities on your list to visit yet that you haven't or that you just really would like to.
SPEAKER_L: Um I've been to 48 states so I've seen a lot of them. But I mean there's there's some that I'd love to go back to it. Dallas was really cool
SPEAKER_R: Ronald.
SPEAKER_L: even like uh santa fe and I was really interesting and then like Chicago, I really like Chicago so
SPEAKER_R: Chicago, awesome. I live relatively near to Chicago. It's a few hour drive. But we um my family have taken trips there pretty regularly for most of my life, so Chicago is very cool. And my my dad, he went to school in Chicago so he like, he knows like local Chicago stuff, which is nice and we always let him drive if we all carpool were like, yeah, dad, you can drive because you used to it and he does. But yeah, Chicago is so nice. Just that. Yeah, museums and I feel like Chicago has a pretty rich culture as far as american
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: city bill, which is
SPEAKER_L: just cold in the winter. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's a fun time in the winter. Move
SPEAKER_L: Miami is
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: often would be like mexican food or hispanic.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: That's our cue.
SPEAKER_R: good to know. I have some family in the south. I could just stay over with them briefly and then keep on dropping down to florida because yeah, we've gone to florida a couple times but never for very long.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Do you have any top U. S. Cities or regions with
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: would love to visit the pacific northwest because I feel like I really, I mean like a beautiful hiking spots out there. I'd really love, I'm a I'm a tiny bit of a hippie at heart so I feel like I would enjoy some of the stuff out there. But yeah, I haven't been. I would like to and I also mm where else would I like to go? I think I would like to visit more of texas. I went to texas for a um a conference and was there for about a week. But literally we just went to san Antonio and stayed there because the conferences in a hotel and we were right on the river walk which was nice because we kind of go, we did some stuff like right around there that we could just walk to from our hotel because we just took a Uber from the airport. Um So that was nice but I feel like I could enjoy more of texas but maybe I wouldn't and I definitely would not go there in the summer. We went there in about this time of year and it was plenty warm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we have time.
SPEAKER_R: we, we definitely have.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It was great happening here.
SPEAKER_R: let's talk to you too.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Have a nice
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: weekend. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: happy studying.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: on the by