Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Hello
how's it going?
What
My 2nd round, what about you?
Yeah true. Yeah. What time zone are you in? Is it morning for you or?
Me too?
Yeah. How was your
week?
Just one.
Are you
a big outdoorsy
person?
Well
I like the snow important but that's about it.
it's a little intimidating sometimes but
yeah I've hit some back country but I mostly spend my time in the terrain parks of jumps
and rails and stuff.
That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah especially on the east coast like I've written out in the west and they don't do that usually but in new Hampshire which is pretty local to me, you know?
Eric
Yeah. So have you been working or working remotely during during all this?
I'm a student so yeah
I worked like part time online. Ah right yeah in school so I'm just doing it online. But yeah
they flip flopped up until I think two days before the semester so a lot of people got stuck in leases and stuff.
Yeah. I mean our school that we didn't get approval from the county so there was really their hands were completely tired like. Yeah.
definitely.
I said it's definitely a shift like learning online and stuff but.
Thank you.
I'm a biochem major so. Uh huh.
Yeah. You accomplish murder that point. You're probably just ready to to do whatever you want, you know like workforce as opposed to trying to defend your thesis and stuff.
I'm pre med. So yeah the goal isn't at school but yeah there
are
opportunities.
What?
Yeah. Score keeper. It's interesting. We need more doctors yet. It's pretty hard to get a seat. Pyramid school.
Yeah. Did you go to college?
Oh nice. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Yeah. Is that what you originally wanted to study? Like nursing when
you?
Makes sense. Yeah. Being like a doctor Orthodontist Really? It's all or nothing.
Uh I'd like to do either. Like of the coasts.
Um I briefly I spent like my first part of college I transferred but I started in Nebraska that's kind of like random that it was kind of secluded. Um So I transferred to a school out in California. I really like that a lot more. So either the East Coast were from or the west coast but.
Yeah, it's just more people more more going on, more things so.
Yeah, it's like a nice place to unwind and unplug, but more than that. Yeah.
Yeah, my family like we travel a lot so um well I mean since driving to California, I did that and I used to go to a boarding school up in Oregon, so I did
cross trips there as well as a boarding school in Vermont, so we would just travel up there, but internationally, um we've been to like europe and china and japan, which is really cool.
but
I might be in what you're beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. What about you?
Yeah,
it's, it's worth it I think.
Yeah, I probably, I wouldn't go back to try our India because it's just, it's so crowded. Like I know I said
that I
like people and good population density but it's just
it's Yeah and I know like I'm spoiled
with like first
world
hygiene
region
but I really just can't get my mind wrapped
around
like how they do it there but
Yeah, if you appreciate it more and probably and the chinese
food
there is nothing
but we've got here so wake up call a little bit for me.
It's impressive.
That's hard to
Munich I feel like
and sweet.
Yeah, but Germany
was probably my favorite place to go under list shame.
Second
of course.
Yeah. Yeah, they've gotten it um it feels
like around
small town almost even in the biggest cities in Germany it just had
a small town feel but it's, it's pretty big like Berlin. It's just, I don't know it feels kind of homey, especially in the winter, I don't know, there's just something I
yeah
like almost kind of similar to like a Vermont winter in the cabins but like more civilised and west skiing and more um I don't know just like cute little window shops and local places and
yeah but you can't jaywalk, they're really they're really strict about that.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. East coast, we jaywalk like crazy.
Have you been in city because they're they're notorious for jaywalking and
I have
have
you been to New york city though?
There
Mhm.
Yeah I like L. A. Because it's it's a big city so you can get most of a good amount of what you need on foot but
much more spread out. So
yeah. New york city I don't know I'm afraid of like the rats and the mice and the on the subway.
Mhm. But it's awesome to travel to or sick What's,
Um I've been to 48 states so I've seen a lot of them. But I mean there's there's some that I'd love to go back to it. Dallas was really cool
even like uh santa fe and I was really interesting and then like Chicago, I really like Chicago so
It was
just cold in the winter. Mhm.
Miami is
often would be like mexican food or hispanic.
That's our cue.
Mhm. Do you have any top U. S. Cities or regions with
it?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we have time.
All right. It was great happening here.
Right. Have a nice
weekend. Yeah.
Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck
on the by