Hey.
Mhm. Have you been stood up a lot?
Well,
I think this is the this is the first time I've done it and to other people have not shown up so
I'm Rachel, Nice to meet you too.
Um It's pretty nice actually. Um I slept in, it's really raining today and it's just been kind of a gloomy day and been hanging out with my cats.
What
about
them?
I have two cats. Uh
I started
when you can we can both have if you want.
That's really cool. What kind of activities do you guys do?
That's really cool. Are you an engineering student or is that just a random?
Oh okay. That makes sense. How's
it going to school with Covid right now like?
Yeah, I would not want to be in college right now. That's a nerve wracking. But at least kids like, do you have any friends your age that have actually gotten Covid? Uh huh.
Change room.
Yeah, that must have been. But they're okay now.
Yeah, I know. In the beginning it seemed like it was just like older people and people with comorbidities. But then I kept reading about just randomly people my age or younger would just get it and die. And I was like, oh my God, it could be me anytime.
Um I'm
working from home and I'm studying, uh I'm studying computer science but kind of on my own. So it hasn't been so bad for that because that's easy to do how. But my partner is out of the country and he is stuck in India. So I haven't been able to see him since March because we closed borders and everything and make good borders. So I haven't been able to go there. So
that's been
weird
but also kind of cool because we lived together for 10 years and I'm kind of getting some time to myself.
Yeah, it's been weird.
How old are you like?
a nice. Yeah, that's a fun, enjoy it.
I am 34. Does that seem old?
I smoked? So it really helped me preserve my age.
Well, I recently quit smoking, but it is
always
surprising that I didn't get smokers face or something. I'm really lucky.
Is that a big thing with like younger kids?
Do they think it's healthier or?
I mean
a little bit healthier. I don't actually, I haven't read the studies about it, but
jeez, I didn't know that was actually an issue.
I've tried e cigarettes but it's just it's really not the same. I don't know, I guess. I guess I'm kind of hipster and I like like the vintage smoking experience. But
yeah, it really is. I quit drinking during the pandemic too. But I kind of wish that I could go back. There's a couple times with the political stuff that's going on right now. It's
stressful.
I mean, I would like to feel like we have a new president, but I don't think donald trump feels that way and that makes me very nervous.
I just I wonder if he can actually stop biden from becoming president. I don't think you can, but
somebody
supported
Yeah, two more months. Mm
I mean, I don't know what we can do other than get people to wear masks and take it more seriously, but people
but
you go ahead. You started first.
Yeah, I hope he can just help people too because so many people are out of a job or not able to work as much and I was so surprised that donald trump didn't pushed through another stimulus cheque or package because that would have made him a lot more popular I feel with just everybody.
I don't
know. I feel like crime is gonna get crazy around christmas time because people don't have money and they want to celebrate somehow and they're probably just gonna steel. Yeah,
I think
my
neighborhood
crime
has gone up a little bit since Covid
what? Well, I'm from the south, I'm from Alabama, but I'm moving in D. C. Right now.
Oh, that's cool. I like Chicago.
Are you going to school in Chicago?
Weird.
Yeah, college is expensive. It's, I think the college that I went to doubled at least since I've been there and I don't know, are you on scholarship, are you paying for it? Like out of loans are out of pocket,
jeez well you
want to be a teacher,
you'll
be
paying for a while.
I hope that like that's always been a major thing for me. I hope that biden can do something about student loans, just kind of and hopefully you'll be affected. I just, I don't know how people do it because some people like they get a law school and they have like 100 grand in loans by the end of it at least.
And that like that means if you're poor or something, you really dis incentivized to shoot for a dream like that. Which sucks. But
yeah, that's yeah. How much do you, do you know any teachers right now or like what is the wage for a teacher?
Is that enough to live on? Thank you.
Yeah, you're 19. I'm sorry, you probably haven't started like taking everything into consideration. That's good. I don't really know like with the housing or apartment prices are like in Illinois, so, but point
Chicago
at least is pretty expensive. I would just
gee I didn't I knew about the strikes in California. Is this strictly for wages or
is that partially due to charter schools getting more funding or are those kind of separate issues
you guys have rum or had rahm emanuel or is he still?
Well
that's that's nice.
Yeah. Our politicians, I feel like they don't really care.
I really wanted burning to be president though. Honestly he was I don't like biden personally. I just voted because he was not trump. But I feel like Bernie would have been made a really good president.
Yeah, I at least thought maybe Elizabeth Warren would be the one that they would pass the torch to because she's so passionate even though I feel like she did Bernie dirty a little bit at the end there, but I was willing to forgive. Sure,
that's
I just don't understand why he's the one that they picked other than I guess he appeals to a lot of people that liked Obama. So he kind of had that uh, going for him
as long as he works on the environment and regulating corporations and healthcare like those are, I think the biggest things right now just hopefully that will get some work, but I don't think he really cares about police reform. That's probably
be done on a more like local basis.
I vaguely heard about that. Is it does she have a lot of cases of that or
a friend recently posted like a really long article kind of pointing out the issues with Kamala, but I haven't read it yet. So I kind of assumed that she was a little bit of a cop just, yeah, nobody was excited about her in the primary. At least nobody on the left so. And I guess that's why they picked her other than they were trying to appeal to black and asian voters a little bit and women. So
I
know,
I know it's like our first vice president cop that
I'll have to look her up. I don't think I know anything about her. She progressive or
did anybody Was there like excitement for Kanye in your state? Since he's from, he's from Illinois, right? He's from Chicago
Kanye.
Yeah. More votes than the Green Party in some states. I was surprised. I was like what is this nation thinking? Mhm. But maybe there were joke votes. I guess if I had given up on politics, I would vote for Kanye too.
Yeah. I can't tell if he's being serious or not. I don't know if he's just doing this to get attention but in he put out that gospel album and it's not good and I just don't know where he's doing. Just don't he used to make good music. He really did. Yeah.
I feel like I've been trying to look into maybe joining like the Democratic Socialist or some other third party because I think the green party is not going to be a good third party option. They just year after year don't perform. Are people you're looking for like 3rd party groups or are they mainly focused on like swinging the democrats left?
Yeah, I mean they don't seem to for sure but I feel also like the democrats are getting more centrist like the fact that we were that donald trump was president allowed them to move more to the center because we would accept pretty much anything that's not donald trump. And I mean yeah I would have voted for like right pretty much anything but donald trump.
It would be cool if we had a parliamentary system like so you had to form coalitions so that would, I think that would be better at representing people and also could get more done for progressive groups. But I don't know if America is going to change ever.
Oh I totally
forgotten about the Supreme Court justice and gay rights. That yeah that's something I guess
we'll deal with later. But
yeah she definitely does. She's uber religious and I don't, I feel like there should be some sort of test before you can get on the supreme court. You shouldn't have that much faith. I just I feel like you should be agnostic a little bit and maybe
that.
Mhm. Right.
Yeah and I don't know when the next time we'll get to appoint a Supreme Court justice will be. So,
but there is
what does that take? Do you know? Like what do you do? You just say I'm going to pack the court and put new justices on there or what?
Because I don't want it to be that easy. And then like maybe every president after him, like it's a Republican. They're like, I'll just put 12 new justices on there.
I don't know. It might be okay with that. It would be really hard to change. Well, it would be
hard
ways. I don't know.
mitch McConnell. I dont voting for him, but his time is coming. Hopefully he's got to lose
one
Stephen Miller and Jared Kushner bothered me the most. I think it just they seem really determined to just screw over immigrants and it just seems sleazy.
Yeah, it does.
Yeah. They're just power hungry, wow. All right. We have the the time is up. All right. It was good to meet you and good luck with school.
You too. Bye.