All right, Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. My history. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. No. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Oh, mm. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Uh Mhm. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Oh, yeah. So patient. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh Yeah. Thank you. Oh yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. What like? Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. He said Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Oh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi, I'm surprised someone actually showed up.
Yeah, I've done this
survey thing a couple of times in the past and um someone like people have not shown up in the past, so, but this is exciting. Yeah.
Yeah, it's so frustrating, but well, my name is Grace. It's nice to meet you.
So how are you, Rachel? How's your day?
How
many
cats
do have? I'm sorry. All right.
You know um here I'm going to start a timer is just we can kind of
keep
My name is good. I'm I'm in a college student, so I had classes this morning and then um I just worked out and then after this I have I'm part of a program called college mentors for kids. So I have like a an elementary school buddy that I meet up with over zoom every week and they do like activities and that sort of thing. So
um there's like a theme every week. So like last week we talked about like engineering position. So like it's all centered around like future planning I guess and like showing our buddies about like the college experience or like other ways they can prepare for their future. So we were talking about uh huh engineering like um we did like a virtual tour of a car museum and then we were looking at um so what else, what else do we do? We were looking at like a videos of scientists online and then we played some games where we like did word association and stuff.
No, I'm I'm an education major, so.
yeah, it's
it's it's been weird. I so I originally went back for the beginning of the semester, like I lived on campus and um all my classes like went online within the first week that I was there and yeah, it was crazy. Um People were just really irresponsible and like not following guidelines, so we I pretty much went back within like a month, can't move back home within a month because it was just too much like, too many cases and too much money to be spending.
Um I'm trying to think, well, my parents actually got covid um like the very beginning, like the second week of March, they both were like showing flu like symptoms and they thought it was just a really bad case of the flu. My mom had a fever for like two weeks straight.
Yeah, and then they got they ended up getting tested, like once they could leave and it was Covid. So that was scary.
They're fine. They're completely fine. Um None of my close friends have gone Covid, but like, I've definitely heard of people like classmates and like people my age who have, which is frightening.
Yeah. Seriously, how how have you been doing with the whole pandemic thing?
Look.
That's
not
crazy.
Yeah, I'm sure that's that's been interesting. I'm sorry about that. That's tough.
Right. All right. Yeah. I I haven't really experienced too much like separation. Like I I don't know, I feel so connected with all my friends like online and I went back and I got to see them at school too, so I can't imagine what that must be like.
I'm 19. Yeah.
How old are you?
No, I'm just surprised you look a lot younger.
there you go.
That's
good.
Mhm. Yeah, it's tough. I'm just I'm happy. I never like got onto any like the E cigarettes or anything like that. I know a lot of people that are like addicted to nicotine from vaping now and
oh it's huge. It's like so many people I knew in high school just literally would have like their Vape pens in class and would like to help out the smoke into their shirts.
I
don't,
I mean it's not, it's healthier because it's not like, oh, I don't know exactly what it is, but it still has the same chemical compounds. Um and it's, I mean it's still nicotine, so yeah, it's not good. Um I think people in my age just started getting on it because like it because it was like tech, it seemed a little bit less dangerous and like so many people, I don't know, I really don't know how to try and start it. I just know a lot of people did it for a quick buzz and then got addicted really quick.
No, it's weird. Right.
Yeah. Well, it's a good thing you quit.
me about
it. How are you feeling about the election results?
Yeah, I would agree. I voted for biden so I'm I'm ready for him to be out of office.
I don't know. He's
baffled
me in so many ways throughout his presidency. So I'm not celebrating until he's in office.
don't know. I'm hoping with biden in office that maybe some of the coronavirus things will like settle down a little bit.
mean, I think what I'm sorry in our
studio.
I think what biden has been talking about is at least like increasing funding for personal protective equipment in hospitals and like that sort of thing, which I mean there is still a shortage of that going on. So, I mean, that's at least like what I know he's looking to specifically help with. Right.
I don't
know.
Gosh,
I didn't
even
want
mom.
Mhm. Where are you from?
Okay. I'm from Chicago suburbs.
Yeah, that's
No, I'm I'm going to Illinois State University, which is like middle of the state and corn fields.
Yeah. Um But yes, I looked at some schools in the city, it's just so expensive.
Um Well, I I picked this school because I got a significant scholarships, so I'm paying about half what normal tuition is. Um But I'm still paying like 10,000 of semester and I'm paying pretty much out of pocket.
Friend.
Yeah. Which is uh
No,
no.
Yeah. The irony is uh something there.
Or like medical school. Yeah.
Oh definitely. Yeah, I'm hoping you does something about it too. For a lot of reasons. I'm also hoping uh they're going to do something about teacher wages.
It depends on um location and like state specifically. Like there's some states that are like, the average is like 30K. or Um I think in Illinois it's like the average is like 45.
I to be honest, I'm not really sure.
And
it depends,
it very much depends on the location and it's tough to because a lot of the um schools in Chicago specifically are the ones that are underfunded, so that's why there's like there's so many teachers strikes in Chicago. I have cousins who go to school in Chicago and they like have school off for months because their teachers are on strike.
Um It's wages and school funding. So like specifically like inner city schools in Chicago. Um they get like, they don't get as much funding um for things like maintenance in the schools are like they've really outdated books and that sort of thing, like less technology, all very frustrating things.
Um, the kind of separate issues because I believe charter schools are more privately funded. Um, I could be wrong with that. I need to do a little bit more research on all that, but um, quite honestly, I'm not really sure why there's a lot of uh, corrupt politics in Illinois. I do know that. So,
Uh, we had Rod Blagojevich. I know. I don't know if that's,
there's been like, I think the past like four governors we've had of Illinois have all been arrested.
So yeah, Yeah,
Yeah. Which is, it's frustrating.
I very much agree. I voted for him in the primaries and it was, it was a sad day when he dropped out.
I liked,
I'm sorry, I liked Elizabeth Warren because I feel like she actually like she had a lot of experience and like she seemed like she really knew what she was talking about, but I agree she did kind of screw Bernie over in the end. I don't I'm not a huge fan of joe biden either.
He's definitely more of a centrist than like a true progressive candidate, which is, I mean, I think it's good in some ways because the country is so divided and like he keeps talking about how he wants to like bring both sides together or whatever, but I don't know how much change he's really going to bring.
No.
Mhm. I know Camilla was a former police officer and she had some, I don't know if you heard about like there's some controversies about her and um putting transgender people in like the wrong gender prisons.
There's there was like at least three or 4.
Yeah. I mean it it is exciting that there is a woman of color and as a vice president, but I'm just
not
so happy it's her.
I was really rooting for tammy Duckworth's she's a congresswoman in my state and um she's a disabled veteran of color, She's awesome, I love her.
Yeah, she's very progressive. Yeah, I was reading for her because joe biden had said something about like being interested in her, but here we are,
joe biden.
Oh Kanye, I'm sorry, I like completely missed that. Yeah, Kanye is from my state. Um uh to be honest, I think most people kind of thought that was a joke. I didn't know anyone who is seriously considering voting for him. Um I don't know he's a he's a character
yeah that's that's kind of frustrating, especially since he's like he's kind of like a white supremacist,
I agree, I like some of his old stuff but yeah I don't know, he's a he's gone off the rails, wow, uh huh I don't know, but that is kind of sad that he got more votes than the Green party in some states. Yeah,
um we're at least from what I've heard, I think it's more trying to swing the democrats left, I don't consider myself a democrat honestly, um just because I feel like it's become so centrist and I'm definitely a lot more progressive than the party but um I don't know at least especially in this election, I feel like the efforts have just been a just swing things back towards the democrats because it's better than nothing And like we have there's kind of a general consensus that like 3rd parties don't really work.
Yeah. Seriously? Oh. But yeah, it's it's frustrating. I I see a lot of people just annoyed that they don't feel like their political beliefs are represented. Which is I mean it's hard to represent everyone in a two party system.
wrong. Yeah. Which is unfortunate. But yeah, I agree. I think that's also a good way to focus on like specific issues because I don't know, I feel like when one person goes into office and has so much like joe biden is going and having to worry about the environment and health care and women's rights and trans rights and like this whole like immigration and all this sort of thing. Like it's impossible for him to get all that done in this four years. So like I think so yeah, going on like a specific topic or a specific coalition, like that's a that's a really good way of going about it. But yeah. Yeah.
What?
No.
Yeah, she scares me.
Did
you did you see the want like the interview with her or like it was like her hearing or something where she couldn't name all five of like the rights of the First Amendment. Oh
that was that was something who?
Right. I don't know if Yeah, it seems like joe biden has really been avoiding talking about um packing
the Supreme Court. Yeah. So we'll see you.
I have no idea. Okay.
Right. And then we end up with like 400 Supreme Court justices.
But
then
yeah, it's like it protects a lot of things, but then it's like well now nothing's going to get through like this on it, like nothing gets through. There is a majority on one side.
I hope
to, I came with him. I just, everyone on trump's cabinet just they bother me.
Yeah, Jared Kushner has a dead eyes.
He scares me. Yeah. I remember like at the beginning of his presidency where like people were like Ivanka and Jared, they're like the more civil people, but like they actually know what we're do they're doing, which makes it scarier.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day.