Come on. Yeah.
Hello there,
What looks good.
I'm doing pretty well, how about yourself?
Good.
it's
supposed
to be about that,
Okay, I'm good. Either way. I'm a relatively not very talkative conversationalists. Let's put it that way. Yeah.
this
will
be such a fun, so.
Yeah, I've still got your audio, but your, I've got your audio but your video fetus frozen.
Yeah, I can still
hear you.
no, that's fine. I was just saying I'm not, I'm not a huge, hugely talkative person, so
this is going to be really exciting 25 minutes, I'm sure.
Side gig,
it is interesting to see the various stuff that comes through. Yeah. Yeah, it's my side thing too, which is pretty fun, but hey, the midwest is great. I'm
also midwestern, I'm from up in michigan um California is also pretty cool. I uh my sister lived there for quite a few years and I went and visited her. So very nice. I am uh currently, well not currently currently everything's kind of shut down, but in school for nursing, aside from that I'm a certified horseback riding instructor, which is pretty fun, but that's also basically shut down right now. So this side gig has become more of a, as much as I can get it big.
You
know
how
it works?
So
well
that's
the pain.
a little better. That's good. Yeah, I've been doing this for half a year ish. Somewhere on there, so not terribly long. Um But yeah, it's a little strange like being back in college, I was in college when I was, you know like fresh out of high school and now I'm like I look at all the other freshmen and like, oh you all our Children Because yeah,
like eight years old, 1000 in fresh school
like tell our Children. Yeah.
What?
Which
thing is like once you get to post grad work so I hear um you know it's College already, I feel like it's kind of that way but post grad work like it's really people who are really into it and really want to be there, so it changes the whole learning environment, which is really nice. And I'm trying to think much about the long term, but I'm gonna be in school for like 10 years because I want to finish with a doctorate, so that would be real fun.
Yes, it's um it's a very specific nursing degree that actually part of it is because I'm in michigan uh the michigan board of nursing recently passed, well I say recently it's been a few years now That by 2025 for practitioner jobs which they're currently required a masters for, they're going to be requiring a doctorate for. So I'm like well I might finish school around that time with
my masters and then like you'll get grandfathered in and like but if I'm looking for a job like 15 years down the road after it anyway so I'm like I might as well go and get the doctor so it's a doctor
but a doctor of nursing which is really confusing for a lot of people and like it is what it is, it's a practical nursing degree but it's just a doctorate level. So yeah I think it'll be fun.
It's
Which
is the smart
way to go about it and that's part of why um I went the nursing degree instead of physician's assistant because you can kind of do your career in steps where it's like you can get an entry level job and then do the next step and still be working. Whereas like a
P. A. Which is the same practicing level as a nurse practitioner like you
have to do all the school before you can get any kind of applicable jobs. Like nursing
is just smarter. You can pay off more school while you're in and doing it. So very smart
the more
free
money you can get better for sure but yeah any kind of work and that's another reason I really like the health care field because if you get in with hospital especially
you know you can work here 12-hour weekend shifts in the near week is open for school which is ideal
but yeah
not so much and that's because of the type of doctor and I'm going for in the past, there
has been um kind of historically two different nursing doctor. It's one is a practical nursing doctor and the other is a PhD in nursing which is specifically for educators
and there are now I think there's like they were branch now but then they condense them back together.
I don't
even know how it all goes on but I'm getting the practical one with the idea being that I'll either be in family practice which I think I would really enjoy or I would get
my doctorate and nurse anesthesiology because I think surgery is cool but I don't want to be down and dirty and the guts. I'm like anesthesiology will be like in the er in the operating room and you know, be a little removed but still get the interesting stuff. So as I work through my schooling and get more hands on experience, hopefully I'll be able to figure out which of those I want to specialize in, which will determine where I apply for DR programs
in quite a few years. But keeping it on the back burner.
And if I get into a little way and I'm like, oh, hey, I actually really hate practicing and and I want to teach, then I might end up PhD anyway, or I might really like what
I'm doing so much.
I don't even go and get a masters, which would also be kind of strange, but I like being an RN. I can be an RN. Don't have to go to more school.
No,
it's great.
I've
got lots of, I say lots, I have quite a few health care people in my family, including like five
are ends and yeah, they do pretty well. They enjoy their job. Excuse me, I'm choking on pepper. Sorry, I had peppery pasta for lunch, but
What?
I know.
did you read or see anything about the, like the dust that came from overseas?
So
when they
are
in the area, they majorly heighten anybody who had environmental allergies. So if it was
during
the
time
drinking like, yeah, because I mean I have relatively mild environmental allergies. I have quite a few family members who have pretty serious ones and they really noticed the difference. Like they take allergy pill like every day and they're like, yeah, it wasn't doing it for me those days.
I
know.
that's good. Do
you carry an EpiPen?
Because
maybe you should.
That's
good
feeling. Not a good
feeling.
Tell
them that
you want an EpiPen
because
if
you, if you've had those kind of reactions, especially the throat closing, like more than once, you should probably be carrying one. Um My one sister especially has some pretty severe allergies, environmental and food and she no longer carries an EpiPen because the food allergies, she mostly grew out of her environmental stuff is mostly like I scratchy throat kind of thing. Um But she worked on getting one for a while because she was at a point where um no peanut allergy
but kind of that same level of problem, like if she was in the same room as someone who happened to be cutting a watermelon, like her throat would close up and that's scary.
Which
is, yeah, and I mean, I've had people say like, oh man, you can't eat avocado, that's like one of the foods I'm not severely allergic to, but like I can eat like a slice of avocado or like a tablespoon of guacamole, like once a month. If I do it even like a couple weeks apart, like my throat gets scratchy and if I don't stop then it will close up. Hate it. It's like avocado seem so benign, but apparently
not for everybody.
maybe. I'm sure there's a lot of conjecture and theories out there. I think a lot of it could very possibly have to do with um if they are treated with anything, even if that's just like different stuff that plants are fertilized with because my sister started tracking like, okay, what about if I get, you know, green peppers from this farm versus this farm at the farmers market or like if I get organic versus this whatever general kind from the store and there was a difference
we figured out super solidly, but I feel like there's something there that somebody could be research on, Someone just has to be interested and invested enough. Yeah.
Yeah. Your audio is still good.
I just
got like
funky loading screen. But yeah, your audio came back.
The
banana tingle.
Something
they're grown with so nuts and then there's almost like, you know, none of that is required to be written on labels or anything, It's like that's nothing you can control. So it's like alright, banana roulette, I'm going to kill me or not.
Yeah. Yeah. The
best way to buy organic anything. And I learned this from a couple, my farmer
friends. If you're going to buy organic, always try to buy locally like from farmers market or like, you know, someone stand because a lot not all, but the majority of any commercial organic produce, like it's grown organically but that's all it has to be, is grown organically. Then they cover it with a crap ton of stuff before they ship. It seems like it defeats the whole purpose. But I mean
I guess I want to preserve a little bit which makes sense but it's like, oh I know when my when my farmer friends told me like that really bums me out but a good reason to go to the farmers market
you would think it's like following the letter
of
the law.
But yeah, cheating
the system.
like
it
doesn't
Like it could be dunked and it's not it's going to be lost in 20%. Yeah super
super restricted there. Uh huh.
Four.
You would you would think Yeah.
Which
is
Yeah which is smart. I've always I've never been a gym person, I always like to work out from home bike from home bike with my dog, all that kind of stuff and you know like what do they say? Like evening right is 75% of your health and wellness, but I firmly believe in um Yeah, and even just being out seeing people, it's nice that kind of sad, but I've learned like kind of which times I can go out where other responsible people in my community
are the ones that exercising because there are times of day where it's a little less of a problem now that it's just kind of less urgent. But like there are people who
are obviously like seem to be hacking up a lung
and they're just like out wandering the sidewalks. It's like that's, you probably shouldn't be outside and definitely not without something
inhibiting
eric well and yeah, not without a mask even now. I know um
And what they learn about Covid changes all the time as they learn more, which is smart changing as you learn more. Um but I read a couple weeks ago, someone saying that, you know, even if you're outdoors, you know, keeping distance and you're passing other people who are exercising, everyone should still be wearing some kind of face covering because um you know, droplets, you know, whatever escapes out the side of your face covering or whatever are going to carry like in your your human jet wash. So anybody who crosses behind you as your biking or whatever could pick something up. I was like, I didn't really think about that, but it's totally true and kind of grows, but
it
I
mean like
someone
sneeze
can travel like 40 ft, it's like yeah, so gross. Uh huh
growth
and
concerning.
You
have
to take
up like
power
walking.
That's totally the same. Yeah,
I mean I have people telling me that
like power walking totally the same as running or like I'm going to stick with biking and save my knees but you all do you
I
come
from
at me, so I'm trying to beat the curve.
Here.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean yeah, it's all I try to stick to lower impact stuff. But you know, sometimes for really good cardio, you got to, you know, do a couple 100 jumping jacks but not the end of the world. Mhm
and like even if I do go, I go jogging occasionally, but when I do
it's always on dirt trails just because I can tell the difference even walking on the sidewalk versus walking out on like I live near some sand dunes, which is a great workout anytime you can get in sand. So good. But yeah, that, and then there are dirt trails leading out to the sand dunes. It's just like totally different kind of walking than in my neighborhood. So yeah, save those joints. You only have the ones you have.
Well,
25 minutes. So we're basically there. I met 26
Past four.
Good.
I think so. Maybe a minute past, but not really. I think we're
good.
Yeah.
I don't want
to
shortchange us. That would be sad. That would be really
sad.
the minimum.
we'll
give it a cushion.
And we've got some cool tunes. I live like as far as mission goes, I live near some relatively wimpy dunes. Like don't live near sleeping there. I'd love to hide. Sleeping there sometimes a whole would be awesome. But we do have, I think
the coolest kind of dune structure we have nearby is this place and you know as dunes do, it kind of shifts. But last time I hiked out there with some friends and spent a couple of years now because now it's private property and they haven't posted, which is too bad because a lot of cool hiking there. But it's, you can either take the long way around to the lake shore and then kind of come up into the structure or you can hike up the back of it, which is like literally this steep. So it is, it's a hike. But then
once you get
to the
big
open
part it's literally as big and as wide as like a football stadium. But it's sand. So cool, So
fun. And it is, it is known locally as the bowl, people call the Sand bowl. But yeah,
for a lot of years it was like well known local like hiking, secret spot. But it's been, I think like maybe at least four years now it's been posted private property. Which kind of stinks. But there are a lot of people like really trashing it and the kind of people that like went in there with a T. V. S. It's like really doing it for veils.
Thanks
and
not
fun.
You know.
I was
gonna
say,
Ohio's
more flatlands. Yeah.
I mean
michigan
is also pretty flat.
relatively
white.
hmm. Which is pretty
fun.
Some hills,
nothing
extreme.
I
believe
that.
Like it just,
it just
is.
I
mean,
I can't relate. My, I always say like my directional sense is -10. So I'm always, I'm eternally grateful that I live in the era of Gps on phones because otherwise I would probably never leave my house successfully. Yeah. Let alone
find it back.
Police in michigan. I might eventually run into a length. All right.
All the coastline back home.
One of them. Yeah.
I think
we do
good.
Yeah. Nice to share it with you.
Yeah, july the sixth.
Have a good week.
Thanks. Bye.