Mhm. Mhm. My God. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Hi there. Ah I can see you clearly. Can you see me?
Okay, cool. Um Yeah, so ah how are you doing? Mhm.
Pretty good.
Ah Let's see here. Oh yeah, Okay, so um Yeah, so my timer, well, it's four pm. So it's going to be like 25 minutes, right? So ah for
some
reason,
Yeah, like my my time around the Qualtrics thing, I started like 16 minutes ago, but that's that's okay. I'll just track using like my uh computer clock. All right. Uh So um Cool. So um yeah, I uh I'm I can do an intro of myself or if you want to introduce yourself.
same here. Same here. But ah yeah, I try
to
like
um uh let's see here. Um uh Yeah, I'm sorry. Um Somehow I'm getting an error message here. I'm going to retry this. Oh, can you hear me?
Yeah, yeah, for some reason, um I got like an error message that was just blank and then your, your feed froze outs back. You've got, you've got video and audio so you can, you can hear me though, right? All right.
All
Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah, yeah, you can continue with what you were saying because I didn't get, I didn't get it for some reason. It just like uh stopped.
wrestling.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So, um, I am uh, well, I'm in Ohio. Uh, not originally from here. I was born in California but came over here for work and I live with my family and uh, I've been here for a few years and just uh, you know, enjoy the place, uh, you know, like making friends so on and so forth. Um, I work in actually in uh, in software, so like this is sort of like prolific is sort of like a side, I guess you could consider a side gig for me, but
I I find it to be interesting, yeah,
Work.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, well, same here um some work, some work that I've done has has kind of dried up, but some other work has increased. Uh yeah, I have actually um have, I think, I know my sister does did horseback riding, but yeah, like a lot of it's been kind of topsy turvy with the covid thing, but yeah, like yeah, um I uh I have done prolific I think for since 2016, I think I I graduated from
college a
few
years
back, so. Yeah, yeah, I used to have like a much more um annoying interface, like you'd have to refresh
it multiple times to get things and
then
people
would snatch it away. Yeah, and I think that's still kind of happens with this, but it's a little better. Mhm.
Yeah.
Whoa.
I've been thinking about um getting like a masters, right? Uh and I guess
with masters, maybe it's a little bit different because you're getting some older people who have Bachelor's and want to get their say NBA or whatever. Um
But then of course you'll have, Yeah, but but then of course you'll have the kids who are like in, I don't know, 21 or 22 that are also doing the same thing, I guess it's it can be kind of a little bit of a culture shock. I haven't seen the inside of a of a classroom in in about 10 years. Yeah.
Whatever. Nice. So you want to become a doctor eventually?
The.
But.
That's kind of cool. Yeah I've never heard of that before but then again I'm not very um nursed or versed on nursing. Uh
I know like uh it's my my uh cousin I think is is like she got what did she get? She's going the route where you know uh just the nurse assistant and then gradually building up to like the R. N. Level. That's basically what I know I know that there's um
here
in Ohio.
World.
Good.
Travel.
Yeah. Yeah. I wish I I well sometimes I wish I had chosen a career path like that because what I did was basically uh four years of school actually five years and I wasn't really able to do much work outside of school because I did engineering and also computer science. And so it was very intense. But like tuition was also very expensive. And so I graduated with all this debt that I'm still kind of paying off. So yeah, I think like if you can work, you know, if it's not too overwhelming uh work while while going to school is the best way or you know, scholarship of some sort and or you know, something
like
that.
What
more?
Yeah. Well, um yeah, I don't know about the details of like you're the PhD that you're pursuing, but like one of the options that I would have personally for my um future would be also a doctorate. But if I did teaching I would get the tuition free because I'd be a teaching assistant. Right? So yeah. So I don't know if like your career choice has that or not. Mm hmm.
What?
No.
Why
not?
But
What?
Yeah. That's that's interesting. So you got like a lot of options ahead. It's not like you're confined down one like career path. That's pretty cool.
That's
that's
Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean it's from what I seen RN is not that bad of a career path. It's pretty decently,
you know,
I
guess.
My.
I had pasta also for lunch, so I guess that's sort of like a wave length that we're on here. Um Yeah, I have allergies. So like I totally get the sneezing thing. Um just a few days ago, I don't know what was going on. Like I woke up and I didn't feel that good and I noticed
like my hands and like arms were all like swollen and it was like and then I realized, oh there must be a higher allergy index here or something, or maybe it was something that I
that I ate, I don't know. Okay.
Oh yeah, I think I read about that uh
the
dust
clouds.
That
might
have
been it.
Yeah. Yeah, because this is usually like, you know, I noticed
symptoms
and it's their annoying, but this time it was just like bizarre, it was almost like a histamine attack or something like a really hardcore, like my I was getting swelling and everything and I was like this is not normal and thankfully it went away. But yeah, it might have been that.
So
yeah, I'm still
alive.
Yeah, I'm thinking, well, I mean, I went I went to uh allergy doctor a while back and they did like the spot tests, and I was pretty much alert, I was allergic to a lot of stuff, and so yeah, I might like do that because, like, I've had symptoms like, in the past where I like, I'm not asthmatic, even though there are people in my family who are, I'm not asthmatic, but I there have been times when, like, it almost feels like my throat is closing, or my my trachea
windpipe is
closing.
so
it it's a little bit terrified, I might I might bring that up to my doctor next time, say, hey, you know, do you
think I should carry
around
nap
and
ephron?
Nothing.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, it is scary, wow. Yeah, I I don't think I've I've come across a situation like I hear about these things, right? Like uh I have a friend who his mom is, you know, totally just a normal looking person, right? But if anything that she eats has avocado in it, like it's, I feel like almost die, it's just
avocado,
it's like,
yeah, not for everyone, yeah, like, yeah, there's some things, they're just like, I don't know, it's weird, like that's why I wish we knew more about that, but maybe when you study for your doctor, you might know something or learn more about that. Yeah,
Uh huh, mm, mm hmm, mhm,
yeah, yeah, it's interesting to bring that up because uh I um what I know for a fact that historically uh can you hear me?
Uh Okay, yeah, your video feed just went out, so I was just wondering, okay, well, I'll
continue
to talk.
Okay, Yeah, I was just going to mention that um uh I've always thought that like, there's there's been times when I eat bananas, right? And like afterwards, or yeah, shortly afterwards, right? Like I'll notice like this blistering in my mouth, right? And I always thought that, oh, you know, that's just typical. I didn't really think much of
it,
It's like just a yeah, just a tingle, you know, of this blistering, well, there's maybe it's something else I don't know, right? Then I realized, wait a second, this happens every single time after eight bananas, right? And what I later tried, I tried saying, okay, is it something that these have been treated with? Right? So I went ahead and I bought organic bananas and when I bought the organic bananas, no problems. And so it must have been some kind of pesticide or something that those non organic bananas were treated
with.
It's a roulette. Yeah. Really? Right. Well, I mean, it's almost like you have to make these big decisions like, okay, um, indirectly, you know, directly they'll say, uh, you know, it has this and this, but indirectly I can kind of tell it's going to have, you know, some kind of weird chemical concoctions. So with the organic stuff, there's a lower chance that it has a weird chemical, you know, concoctions. Yeah.
Uh
North.
it does,
Yeah, that sort of violates the whole spirit of it. I mean, the whole point.
You
want
to,
not
the spirit. Yeah. Really? So yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Just just, you know, be careful with, I've heard all kinds of things like about how, you know, the USDA organic label is really like insufficient. Like it's not comprehensive enough for, for, you know, there's a lot of stuff that and I mean they say 80% like it has to be, I don't know, like 80% organic to qualify as organic. But I mean, how much is a pesticide? Is that even like 1% of the weight? So I mean if you have, like I say a bad best decide on something, it could still be
on there
and
still be organic.
Yeah. I mean,
Yeah, would be like fatal
to anybody. So yeah.
um, so yeah, um, basically, uh, I try to be, you know, healthy as possible uh during this covid thing, like I used to go to the gym and I have since, since the gym has been shut down, even the gym, like, you know, my community gym has also been shut down. I've been trying to just like be as healthy as possible without being scared of the outdoors or whatever, you know, just keep keep
distant,
but like,
Well,
Number
player.
That's
not without
What happened?
Same here. Yeah. I mean, yeah, like the jet
wash, right? Like and that stuff, I think there was one study that said it's like, you know, there's a six ft distancing. But I mean that stuff can travel like 27 ft. So
I
would imagine
if you
have.
Yeah, it's just
when you
think
about it, it's just nasty. Yeah. Yeah, it's just really and I don't know like come to think of it, it's kind of hard to run with a mask on. But I guess I'm gonna, if I really want to be responsible, I should do it. I
just
try
to keep
myself
away
from people.
Yeah, this power walk,
And
Yeah. Oh yeah, there's a good argument there because my knees are not the best. But but you know, I
need
to
actually buy
That's good. So like I guess no, um
you know, nothing that that involves a lot of jumping or running probably. Yeah.
Yeah, nothing like, like where it's really aggressive pounding like on a treadmill or whatever, wow.
Go.
Yeah. Yeah, the pavement is, is a lot
like the ground has more bounce in it than the pavement. Yeah. So um what was, how long was this going to be? It's gonna be 25 minutes, right.
I would say so.
yeah, We're 26 past and
uh we started basically at four, right?
I
can just talk like a couple more. Yeah. Okay, Okay. Um
just
to
make
it
would be, they say that that 25 minutes is the minimum, otherwise, you know, uh
you might face the warning of the sector of rejection, but yeah. Uh
so
yeah, exactly. Give it some cushion like running in the sand dunes. Right? Uh Yeah, I I've um where are there any dunes? Like I know there are some, I think I'm like area in Northern Ohio, but I hear that michigan has a lot of dunes and stuff.
Question
I
think
I've
seen
pictures.
Ooh.
That's
I
I don't like it when that
happens. Yeah. Just ruins the
natural
beauty of animal. Yeah.
Yeah. They here there are their parks, right? Uh Most of it, most of the trails I would say are paved. So to get that that real off road experience or the you know the uh dirt experience, dirt trail? Um You have to sort of go into the actual public parks because I think here here it's more like you know, prairie areas. It's not really like I don't
live
up
north
near
Yeah. Yeah, I don't live near near any
sand
area
Right. It's uh you're you're
surrounded
by the great likes so yeah
I
guess you get, you can have some some some hills, but yeah, like uh,
we've
got
like, yeah, you don't have like towering mountains back when I lived in. Um, um, I've lived many places with mountains. Like Arizona is just a towering mountains. But like here it's like lose um, going from a place where there are mountains and visible landmarks everywhere. You can sort of lose your orientation, going to a place
where you can't
tell
the horizon, like the cardinal directions.
So
that
was a little and sometimes I still lose my cardinal directions. I'm like, oh that's north,
know
that way is north.
Just
get lost. Uh, the old days. All right. Well,
exactly. Well, I mean,
you'll run into a great lake or well, one of the ponds I guess landmark.
One of those two things. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I think we have enough of a buffer here, enough of a padding built
up.
So
it's been great talking to you. Uh
awesome. Convo uh Hope you have a great day. Great time. Great. Um july the sixth, I guess. Uh,
and so so
Yeah. You, too.