Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Right. Uh huh. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Thanks. Yeah. But mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Time. Yeah. Mm.
No. Yeah. Hello?
I
can
only
receive from your nice to your eyes.
Can you see me? Okay? I thought I had good lighting but now it's yeah.
So I guess we just talked for 25 minutes.
yep.
What's
that?
Well where are you from?
That Is
what?
I'm in michigan. Mhm.
Yeah.
So all southern states. Uh
Me either.
I know.
Well
yeah, I have family here otherwise I certainly wouldn't. There was one year that the winter was so bad. I thought I can't stand this anymore. So I ended up moving to Nashville for six years. The weather was great. But then I missed my family so I so I moved back here
and Yeah.
Huh.
Following the drive is it?
Okay. That's not too bad.
That's like my aunt and uncle lived in Chicago and that's about how long it takes me to drive down there again. No visiting from coronavirus.
Yeah.
Would you ever
consider moving closer for that reason or your job is why you're where you are?
What what what is it that you don't miss about it? Oh
man.
It's more human than central texas. Uh
Whoa. 110. That's crazy. I've
been hot here in Michigan. We've had like 93 days and it's roasting. Of course we don't have air conditioning here so that is a problem.
So
hands maybe go down in the basement where it's cool or hang out outside where there's you know in shade where there's a breeze. Um
Sometimes they would have a swimming pool too um to cool off in.
And.
So are you working from home or are you not working? They're working from
home.
What do you, what do you do?
I don't
know what that means.
okay. Computer stuff.
well,
You're
looking
at the monitor.
Do
you have any more
kids or just
just
the one?
I have a niece who's like three months old and
they lived right next door, so
I love her so much. I get to
enjoy her and then hand her back. Yeah.
Henry. Like can I just, can I just put you in a closet somewhere and take you all later?
Yeah. So does your word work or?
No?
That is crazy.
Oh, nice. Okay. So it's really no change for you, but
I live, I live in a big house with my, my parents and my brother and my grandma and a family friend. The thing
else
on 20 acres. Um, and my mom is a therapist and she's now doing her counseling sessions on fellow health over zoom. I don't think it's some other program, but she's doing that from home. So luckily she's been
able
to keep a full load of clients. Um, yeah. So yeah.
And I was already
working from home and not going out much so things haven't changed a lot for me either. Yeah.
Except that, you know, not just not going occasionally. I was never very social before anyway, but I would go out once in a while, hang out with a friend, you know, go out to eat or something. And now I haven't been doing any of that. I actually Only in the last two weeks, uh, one time each week I went to visit a friend and we hung out outside 6ft apart, you know? So kind
of be careful because
My Grandma's who I live with is 92 and she has heart problems and asthma. So if she got coronavirus should be
should
be a governor.
And
yeah, so I've worried both those times that my friend was going to be weirded out or offended That I wanted to, you know, stay six ft apart and go, you know, and they were they were fine with it. But I just had a little bit of nervousness about how they were going
to react. You know? When I said when I said what I wanted to do, they were fine because I know I see some, some friends on facebook complaining about having to follow safety precautions, you know? And well you never know how people, how people are going to react. Yeah. Mhm.
And
and I just hope
it's over soon.
Everybody agrees
on.
people I know
enjoyed having time off work but now that it's gone on longer they're like okay uh I can't pay my bills,
I have no.
Mhm.
Out of the country, so we're surrounded by like cornfields and wheat fields and
firm houses and we live kind of back in the woods, we have a giant field in front of the house and that's where the pool is and then the woods behind our house um and then next door my brother and his wife with their baby,
they'll actually lived on the same property so they come over and hang out at the pool. So I mean it's just like, it's like a minute long watch
their house, which is really fun.
Yeah. Yeah,
they're kind of through the woods to and they really appreciate that. They can just bring the baby over here a lot to relieve them, you know, give them some time off because there's there's a six of us in the house here, so well besides a great
model, we can all take turns watching the baby and um
gives them
more relief than they would have had if they live somewhere else. That one
you probably
wish you have your mom or dad next door and take the baby, wow.
Well,
do.
Sometimes
guilty.
They're like,
I don't I don't want to feel like I'm pawning her off on. You were like, what we like, but we like seeing like if I go too many days without seeing her, I get withdrawals. Oh but
but yeah, but again when then then went over and I'm tired, I'm like okay good, I give you back to mom and dad and don't want my my business. Yeah.
so
what's your
wife doing now? Is she out and about or?
Well
wow,
pull it down. Do you know if it's
a boy or a girl?
wow, that's exciting
and and probably you know we
want to work but yeah.
All over
their software. How
old
is your toddler?
Two? Okay,
so eventually that's a good, that's a good like age gap for them to be able to be close as they grow up, play together
and stuff. Mhm.
Yeah.
How many siblings?
they live in texas or?
Yeah I examine.
Yeah that's nice.
Yeah I have family in Seattle too and I was planning on visiting this fall like in september but
I don't think that's going to happen. Yeah. Yeah
I was
going to visit my aunt uncle in Chicago actually at the end of this month but that's not going to happen you know it's so that's a bummer. There
has to be yeah it's such a weird time in history. So weird you know. Uh huh.
it
feels a little surreal like a little you're something like you walk out and everybody's wearing masks like it's it's like it's some you know sci fi, dystopian future book you know or something.
like
teleportation. Uh huh.
Oh
um I like to read I like all different kinds of, I like sci fi but I like fantasy, I like mysteries, I like a pretty wide variety. I read biographies sometimes pretty eclectic in my taste. Um I was using my brother's audible account for audio books and he has a lot of uh fantasy books on there. So I was reading some of those just because they were there and they were free you know?
I enjoyed him but I've just recently read um Brave, Brave New World, have you read that or heard about the book?
I think so.
That was interesting, kind of depressing. Uh Have you read it? Wow,
No.
I haven't
read that either for some reason, like during this time I'm like I wonder what all these books have to say and how close they get to something that's like like the time we're in. Um Yeah but I like yeah, like a lot of different stuff, fairy tale type stuff and fantasy and yeah, mystery. Yeah, just a lot of different things. Um I like me, I I play music, I used to be a full time musician and so you know, record
saying, write songs, uh sure I've been doing a few live streams on facebook because you can't go anywhere and play, which I had been doing in a while anyway, I've been kind of out of doing music. So actually that's one thing that the Coronavirus actually did something positive for me is that I done started doing these live streams because I wouldn't, it wouldn't have really occurred to me to do it before. But then all these musicians, including my brother who is a full time musician in Seattle started doing it and I thought yeah that looks pretty darn easy, I can do that. And um you know, so I've done, I've done several of them and people send in tips and you know, 1st 1 I did, I made more money than I would have I'm a gig. So
yeah, it's like it's like a whole new world opening up now on like virtual online performance and music and stuff, so so you know what was a good thing that happened?
No problem, mm
mhm. Is it the kiddo?
man.
wow.
Oh we can just get out of bed.
I do kind of folk pop Americana fish, like acoustic kind of like along the lines of like sarah McLachlan, jewel Joni Mitchell. Yes. Um yeah, so I enjoy writing, I've recorded two Cds and done some co writing and stuff in Nashville, I'm
starting to get back into it again. So yeah, that's uh it's a lot of work. The thing, the reason I stopped doing music full time, I was playing in like bars and coffee houses and festivals and weddings and you know, you name it, and I was doing all everything myself. I would book the gigs and I was marketing and doing promotion and putting up flyers and lugging around the P. A. System myself and
and
it was it was just a lot of work. I mean I did more, I spent more time doing non music things than music things, you know, like the music business side of it. And that was exhausting. But also I just got sick of playing like the same cover songs over and over. I played I played some original music too, but those types of gigs, people really want to hear what they know. So I just got burned out doing it. Yeah.
Yeah. So now with this, with the online thing, I mean the shows that I've done have been cover stuff, um but I really can visualize some other ways that this, I can focus more on my original music with online platforms, so it's pretty cool possible.
What?
and I can get way more people attending, you know, probably in a coffee shop, I might have like 20 people there, but I do a show online, like, you know people from all over
the country and all over the world actually, I've had had people from other countries listing, which is pretty cool. No.
Um
Well
I
so it's not the best audio and video quality. I have to learn more about that and have a better setup. I've just been using facebook live on my iphone the first time I did it was horrible. Somehow there was like a little buzzing in the background and then I had set up the lighting and I did the test and the line was fine but then I ended up using somebody else's iphone and the lighting was completely different. I was all washed out the second time I did it, the sound and lighting was much better but it's still not as good, you know, it's still the mic and camera from my iphone. So eventually here I do some research, I'll probably get like a mike and you know, better a better setup, the
more
professional
setup. Sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay,
I
hear I hear I hear.
Thank you.
Sound
I
think.
I
know.
doesn't
torment
them.
I
think
it's been about 25 minutes
so I'm not
if like I was wondering if they would just cut the video off when it hit 25 minutes. But I don't think so. I think it's gone over that so maybe we just
every
week.
Well
now.
I'll let you I'll let you get to your tablet. It was nice talking to you.
Yeah.