it's the test test.
Hello
I'm sure
this
is
there we go. That works a little bit better
Yeah no it's good it's good.
yes. Um I click through the next thing it says uh just check I guess Casey accident click the next food. Okay well now I did open that. Okay well yeah I think we just chat for 25 minutes. Um
I don't know how
to go
from here.
I'm
in
11 uh central Texas. Um
yeah um
I've lived here most of my life uh lived in uh went to school in Mississippi for a little while and uh lived in Tallahassee for a little while and
I don't like the cold very much like
I lived so but but you live in michigan so
what
we but we could say go ahead.
Has
I understand um I moved uh that was the main reason I moved back to texas is um my wife had finished her masters and um at that point we were like well you know there's nothing until house anymore so we I started applying for jobs back in texas. Some yeah, but I don't know uh what the choices, so I guess I can just kind of I guess, I don't know if that, I don't know how well it's worked out though, I mean. Yeah,
I mean well yeah I guess I've gotten, you know, I get to see my family is mostly in um you know in east texas and um so I got to, you know, I see them fairly often but like especially now um I'll see them all that much and
That's about three hours, four hours.
So
yeah, none of that and it's it well and I like, I don't know like if you you can't just like have a dinner, like if you want to have dinner on friday with them or on the weekend, you've got to be like, okay, I have to set my week up to be able to do that. And uh
that's frustrating. It's a little frustrating. You kind of miss. I feel like you miss that sort of oh, let me see, you know, see you. But
but
I I like I like central texas area. I don't I don't I I grew up in east texas and I do not miss it,
gosh.
The humidity.
mean, a central text gets pretty humid and whatnot. But like, you know, it's but human, the humidity burns off in the mid day and then it gets to be like um Like 110, but you know, 20% humidity? Uh
That's
Uh I can't imagine that like. So uh
so I guess when you do get that those heatwaves and whatnot, I guess you just turn on some fans and hope for the best.
Mhm.
that's nice. That's uh uh
Again, like having a swimming pool now would be wonderful like um I mean, that just is just I again, not much I can do right now, so like a.
I'm
working from home.
Uh About devops engineer. Um I work
I just I
that most people that um I do software work for other engineers.
Sorry? So if you see me looking down, I've got my infant is or my toddler is supposed to be napping, which is why I was like, oh, this time would work normally and then he decided that today's nap was optional, but he's in his
room, he's in his room right now just rolling around
and playing.
So
yeah, I'm not so just making sure he's okay. Um
Everything
looks
no
just
one. Yeah. Just one. Ah
Or
ha ha
I'm
that is
And just yeah, be able to, that is that is nice. Uh
Mhm. No, no.
So she was a schoolteacher um for a while and then um when she had her son, she they're just trying to balance everything and make everything work. It just wasn't it was it wasn't between school everything, it was just too hard. Thank
you. Yeah, so but no, no, but that's yeah, I have. So yeah, just one kid. Um I've been working thankfully. Um I work for, you know, my boss is entirely remote already, so it's just been,
this this whole the this whole pandemic thing is fortunately for me, like I'm like I'm like the luckiest just about everyone. I feel like um it's you know sex, what I'm suffering with, its minimal compared to what a lot of people are having to deal with and I'm
my
goodness.
You
know
and just
like
Yeah.
had
now
tell me
should
be very really high risk. Yeah. Yeah that's yeah that's uh yeah I'm very I'm very sad to hear like it's sad in that sense of I've just been able to it's not so much, you know I guess it's not so much oh this is all the socialists you could do before but now yeah like you said you can if you want to go do something you have to consider all those side effects and especially for you you've got yeah it's much
more dangerous and uh.
Where
I just I uh the whole thing is just of it's hard, it's hard for me to talk about it. I mean especially in this setting because I mean my poor wife here's here's me just lambaste it it's it's a very frustrating situation to be in because in some ways there's no way to balance it. I feel like there's no way to there's no way for us to see the to try and have everything work here and not not come out. I don't know, I don't know, they're quite the right words to put it in. It's just this Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, excuse
me,
I helped me to I
I
mean I mean I don't think very few people, I think there will be a few people who are like oh no, actually I really enjoy this complete social isolation and I think there are aspects of it that some people will enjoy, but
like the
No. Yeah turns out well the all of the various parts of that um but
that's uh uh so
20 y'all live on 20 acres uh like I said
No.
No.
no,
yeah that's I mean in that sense of close and said well that's kind of it's kind of a you know, it's advantageous where you all are close but not so close that it's like oh I see you, you know if I need to go around the house, I don't you're not out there and I'm waving and uh
Uh huh.
yeah, third
there's an adult
with fraser?
I
completely
yeah I mean
my older brother has, my oldest brother had something like that with my mom. Um But yeah that just that uh well you're appreciated uh you know I'm sure they tell you this but they very much appreciate you just being
able to have an adult to take care of that. Like
I wish
I could. Uh huh.
Who's?
I mean that's a real nice
just be able to relax on that, like not not having to constantly stare at a baby monitor like this.
Gosh
his
no she's so she's she's pregnant with our second
kid right now and um
she's doing next month so
so
it's another boy, another boy,
it's
driving,
it'll my anxiety. Yeah there's a lot of that
but
I'm
sorry.
two and
yeah he's too I'll run down, he's not that
but
they're far enough apart to where they won't be like just constantly competing with each, like there will be a good, there's enough age where there's a little brother big brother dynamic I think. But um yeah, I think that's that's uh uh
like my oldest brother didn't follow that and you had two kids that were a year and yeah, in three months apart and they're just, it's it's a
they're not very nice, three older brothers, yeah, and um the three older brothers and you know, to good
1s in Arizona to our in east Texas and that's like, yeah, thankfully for my mom, she has them around so she can, she,
she has them to fall back on. Um
so there
no
that's
that's
that's unfortunate.
kind of varied uh I'm kind, I mean uh it's weird in the sense like it's just weird, it feels like it's one of those things you've read about, you you've learned about at some point and then when it's sort of sort of unfolding in front of you, you have this picture of, oh, this is how things work and then, yeah, then you're like, wait, what, this
has happened.
Yeah, yeah, but we didn't get any of the benefits. We don't get any of the cool stuff that comes with it, like,
but
Uh yeah,
uh but yeah, so do you like do you, what do you do for, like, what do you do for fun mostly. Do you do you read a lot of sci fi or anything like that?
that's the yeah.
Right, that's by uh atlas, Huxley,
Thank you. Now this yeah, well that's Harkless actually, yeah, yeah,
you know one of the I think one of the usual comparisons is that 1st 1980 for like uh um fascist dystopia versus I guess just whatever that
you would call that sort of dystopia battles
of
the
It's like way
I will be right back in just a moment. Excuse me.
Okay, let's see here. But
yeah, he's yes uh Yeah, looks like he get went in there to give him give him a little his passive pacifier back, but he is up and awake now. Uh
A lot of them I'll give him another 10 or something, five or 10 minutes. He usually sleeps for about two hours, which is a nice
break in the day for. And we're, but I've got, it looks like we just moved him to a large well too bad. So like that from a crib and um that sense of control that we had when he was in the crib, it's now gone
now he can, if he decides to get up he can get up. Um So some music like what what kind of music did you play?
Fun.
Having
to do the whole
I can imagine just,
Yeah. Like being able to, I
mean you get a couple of benefits of it, like it's on your, yeah, you don't have to worry about, okay, I need to be here at this. I can kinda work that I can work around that. You can more or less have you know decide when to stop when to and and
you can get
awesome.
So I think like I guess so. I think the only concern I have is like okay is the audio quality audio when you're playing something? Are they hearing what you want them to like are they hearing what has been done? And I think that's
the only big
concern.
on
1
2nd.
So you see the kiddies?
So
he's he's
up.
Mhm. Yeah. It's um
no
so that's it. Yeah. Yeah he's small. He's
we
have to have two cats that are laying down so he's yeah but he
loves
that.
Oh yes we need to we're having to teach him that how to be gentle. Okay. All right but here we go. Go
see
mama downstairs.
Well I
think it,
I think
so.
Let me go back
here.
Yeah. I think we close it out and we go from there questionable. I was
Alright. It was nice talking to you. All right. All
right. Still safe.