SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Well the ground What? Yeah. Good. Yeah. Oh God. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, it's a great Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: Sorry about that. I was I was browsing on the internet.
SPEAKER_R: you're fine. No I am so excited that I have somebody today. I keep having to
SPEAKER_L: member.
SPEAKER_R: like reschedule because I guess aren't showing up,
SPEAKER_L: I've had this is you would be my sixth actual person and I had one No show. So yeah, so I guess my times maybe that I pick or because I am pacific time California. So I don't know if my time goes better with everybody else, but I've had a lot of good conversations. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. So California. Did the wildfires
SPEAKER_L: Tom.
SPEAKER_R: affect you any?
SPEAKER_L: Well we're in L. A. So definitely urban enough that we didn't feel the fear of the fires but definitely the smoke was around in ash and all that was part of it. And every every year pretty much you we have days of that. So where you at?
SPEAKER_R: Tennessee? East
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Tennessee?
SPEAKER_L: we're from Ohio so we were from your side. Our hearts are there. Uh So what is your weather today in Tennessee?
SPEAKER_R: Cold. It is very very cool. I had to put the heat on for the first time today and I usually try to avoid that as long as possible because it's so expensive. But
SPEAKER_L: Everything
SPEAKER_R: I finally caved in.
SPEAKER_L: I remember that and yeah, you feel like you failed when you have to do that finally. It's like, oh my gosh, that means winter is really here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was like I don't know I think it was like two days ago my daughter had a sleepover and she was like mommy
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you have to put the heat on were cold and I'm like
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: I'll get you extra blankets and she's like please. And I'm like girl it is holding october I don't want to.
SPEAKER_L: I love it. I do that to my son too. Because you know, every once of all in the winter, we, we would have to turn on the heat here. It's not, you know, often, but boy, I stretch it leading with the air conditioning to the other end of the spectrum. It has to be really hot. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you know my husband won't let me get away with not having the air on. He he doesn't like he does not like
SPEAKER_L: Think
SPEAKER_R: the house to be above like 68° at any
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's whoa!
SPEAKER_R: he is and you know, it's his fault that the house gets caught because He is like a human radiator. I mean it's like any room that he's in that room is at least 10° warmer than every other room in the house.
SPEAKER_L: that's funny.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how he does it.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I guess in the winter he's handy.
SPEAKER_R: You know, we we sleep. It's so funny. Um It makes me think of because I used to watch those old shows with my mom a lot. I love lucy and all that and how they have the separate beds. I'm like, man, I kind of
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: wish I could do that because we even make the bed, we've got our own like betting just to keep us separate because he's so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: hot. Like I have to have my bedding over here.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're not, you know, you're not old enough, but when you hit menopause, that's how I am able to stand. It is because I need my own blankets because I kick it off and then put it back, you know, you're hot and cold throughout the night. And I mean I would be waking them up so that we kind of did that naturally because you know, I always felt bad when I was kicking away and waking them up. So yeah, we each have our own settings. So I totally get it. All we get is
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: our
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: I don't feel so weird now.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I that's my, my word of advice for other friends and such. They're starting their process and I'm like, okay, the first thing you gotta do because I did not ever, no one ever told me that that was okay and you need it. So you have a daughter,
SPEAKER_R: Yes,
SPEAKER_L: is that
SPEAKER_R: I have an eight year old girl, she'll actually
SPEAKER_L: she?
SPEAKER_R: be nine in november and I have got a three year old boy and he was
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: just um I don't know if you've ever read where the wild things are, but it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: it really fits him so you know, it's it's really well.
SPEAKER_L: it's funny. That's cute. But 33 is a fun age. I mean we have 11 son and he's a teenager now, so totally different species, but I'll tell you he was kind of wild at the younger age, but he's a great teenager. So hopefully maybe you get it all out. No, he's smooth sailing after that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know my my eight year old was the easiest kid and
SPEAKER_L: Watch out.
SPEAKER_R: I used,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you know, it was karma for me because I used to laugh at my mom's friends. I'd be like, this isn't hard, none of this is hard because she didn't
SPEAKER_L: hello.
SPEAKER_R: cry. She slept through the night, She ate her vegetables and it was just the easiest, smooth sailing.
SPEAKER_L: Not.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, man, I could have like 10 more kids And then the 2nd 1 comes and wow.
SPEAKER_L: Shut you right up and over.
SPEAKER_R: was calling me and he would he slept I think the first six months the most he slept in one night was two hours. And it and it was not consecutive. It would be like in 15 minute bursts. I mean I almost went like crazy like completely mental.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you find out if it was like dietary issues or?
SPEAKER_R: They could never find anything with him. Not a thing.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh, wow,
SPEAKER_R: They for a little while they thought that it was his um it was his tongue.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: He said that it might be because his tongue tie was so bad.
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: they have a reason for that happening?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: No. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: The the pediatricians around here are so bad.
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: We have to drive. Um The best ones were about an hour and a half away from us.
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: The ones here are pretty rough because like my husband he's Cuban and we are in a very predominantly white area. You know if you're not caucasian you're weird basically. And so they don't know a lot of different things that come with different ethnicities even the doctors. So my son was born with Mongolian spots. And those are like these wild birthmarks that look like giant bruises. I mean like covering like a very large portion of your body. It looks like a bruise and they didn't know what that was. And you know of course the doctor that actually my gynecologist that you know help with the birthing process. He knew that he was born with them but his pediatrician at his next appointment thought that we abused them and we're like it's Mongolian
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: spot. And that was the worst day I've ever had to live through because they tried to take him from us and they
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: they made him go through so much unnecessary testing. They did X rays blood work all kinds of crazy things on a brand new baby. It was it was
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: sorry. I am. So, but I agree with you. I don't, I'm really, I mean, even through this whole virus, I'm so disappointed in the medical field. They just, I'm like, I mean you're supposed to be and I don't know, I just expected more I guess I just expected to be the experts I guess. I don't know. Um, but I, we had similar, we lived in Cleveland when my son was born and you know, so there's, there's a big city, there's lots of doctors. But again, I, we had, he was doing breath holdings and um, you know, I had eczema galore and all these things and they never really directed me and I just happened to start researching things and I'm like, this is, this is, I know this is something that's going on and I came across this site that just said stop giving him milk and and breading great gluten, you know, just
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: try it. What do you have to lose? It's not like I'm telling you to pile them with a bunch of medications, just don't cook for those things world, a world of difference and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the breath holding, it took about six months of clean eating to get it out of the system. But after six months he stopped and the doctor, you know, he'll grow out of it, you know, hey, I mean it was never any, but I know that's what that that made all the difference in this eczema. You know, in certain areas went away and he, I mean he wouldn't wear clothes because it was hurting him. He's always, I mean from they always picking out his clothes and I never really put two and two together and they started giving me steroids for his eczema. So I was putting it on and it was helping. And then like the next visit they said, well we have to start doing liver tests because you know, this is affecting his liver. I'm like, wait, you didn't tell me that. So I'm like, no, no. Are so I hear you and you're frustrated. Is he okay now? Like is with his health? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now thankfully with the Mongolian spots they kind of fade so they don't look like serious bruising when he gets older but
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: they will always look kind of like an old bruise. So yes some
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: they stay forever
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Is it in noticeable spots or?
SPEAKER_R: only if you were a doctor doing an exam it's it's right above his butt and on and on his butt and kind of going up his spine a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it won't be something that just comes up if he's sitting in class and the teacher. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Oh man what a what a time that would be because I actually there are Children that get Mongolian spots like in their elbows and things and oh I can't even imagine I mean I'm still crazy with it. I take pictures I have like this um password protected album on my phone where I take pictures that are time stamped of like the area just so they see it never changes to verify this.
SPEAKER_L: Well, if you had such a scary event happened, I can see why too. I mean you got to be proactive of protecting situation and oh, that's so sad that you had to go through that. It's wrong.
SPEAKER_R: Well you know I don't think any of us ever realized how much moms have to do until we become one Mikey.
SPEAKER_L: that's, that's true. And and boy
SPEAKER_R: Need
SPEAKER_L: that mom comes through. I mean it just over, you know, you don't, you didn't know you had it in you, but you do you know that attractiveness of everything. Um Well we want my, so another incident is I was hanging up pictures and I got a phone call and I put the nails on this table that he had never really paid attention to while he was watching. And he picked up a nail and after I got done with a phone call and like what are the nails are gone? Did it drop, you know, we were looking, he swallowed it. He went up there and swallowed it. So we took him to the closest hospital and it was, you know, we're going to put him in like the Children rainbow. Like, I mean they just made it sounded that he was gonna die. I mean they just made it sound so horrible. And I had put in a call to the pediatrician and I you know said what happened? Well he called back and he said he'll poop it out. He said that it's nothing just you just got to make sure that when it goes from the stomach to the intestine it doesn't get stuck. That's the only poopsie. But your body basically encompasses it naturally. So
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: so we just had to go get one x ray and just to make see where it was in the track. And they said it takes anywhere from 2 to 28 days to come out keep watching for it and let us know. So but they of course the when we went and got the x rays of course they thought you know, bad things and you know it was but I mean it was just an accident and he was he was about 18 months. No he was nine months. Yeah, he was nine months. And I mean like he was already starting to talk and he he said nail. I mean he told us like you wouldn't believe you know? I know but you know we have the X ray still we put them up at Halloween. You know his once in with the nail right there. It's kind of
SPEAKER_R: I love that.
SPEAKER_L: because I was
SPEAKER_R: has
SPEAKER_L: worried
SPEAKER_R: to be
SPEAKER_L: do you work outside the home, are you a mom or a full time mom or?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness. Well my full time job I'm a social worker and unfortunately that does not pay the bills so part time I'm a cashier on the weekends at a grocery store and honestly sometimes being a cashier is harder than a social worker. I
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: mean there's days it goes back and forth but
SPEAKER_L: I would say during this time especially I mean I can't I can't imagine what the beginning of all this scare was like in being in that position because you knew why you were there and you didn't want to quit but then you know, were you protected? Were you not protected? Were you? Um I mean I still we only go shopping once a month actually to a store that's that's our that's our limit right now that I get everything else sent and just make it work and you know when we're running out of vegetables, I grow sprouts and so we have a sprout salad like so so it's been all the I your I think your numbers are going up again and my right and remembering because everywhere I know the midwest right now are kind of having some uncertainty what what's going on. But I think it's the kids going back to colleges and schools and it will.
SPEAKER_R: er numbers started to go down. Um It actually we had one day where we didn't have any new cases in my county and
SPEAKER_L: that's terrific.
SPEAKER_R: but they decided they were like hey no new cases on that day let's send all the kids back to school now, so all of the kids went back to school and now we were having the biggest spikes daily than we were.
SPEAKER_L: How is the hospitalization though? How is the house that part of it? Does it seem like if you if it is it a lesser disease? And because because somebody said that what we're having in California is different than what's in new york. Like you're the european that side of the countries the european version were the asian version so and one is more spread able and more severe but
SPEAKER_R: I don't honestly, it it kinda it doesn't seem like it's been anymore, it's been like sort of steady throughout but it's all that really high risk population
SPEAKER_L: You can
SPEAKER_R: that is still just really struggling with it as far as there has been like
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the oddball like middle aged man going in. But I mean otherwise honestly in in my area they probably wouldn't even report it if it
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: was happening because it is very it's almost taboo to talk about it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: where I am.
SPEAKER_L: don't think I get the sense that that's kind of everywhere that that because like last week I learned to four friends that had it and never said a peak never let on. And you know some some were back in March and they never let the cat out of the bag that they went through it and I'm like ha that's all like all together I'm getting this information and I thought that there has to be others then that aren't letting anybody know. And they just stayed home and they, you know, got through it and not tested and didn't, you know, add to the numbers and so, mm hmm. Um Well, here it's it's there are numbers are high all
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the time. But I guess it's getting better because it's it's the hospitalizations and such are going down. So I guess that's a sign. And I don't know. I mean, I think it's probably okay that numbers are getting it compared. I mean that the hospitalization to me is the key is what I feel is the most important thing to pay attention to. But then there's that whole group of people that are continuing with stuff afterwards after testing negative. They're still having problems. And that's that's another interesting part to me is they call they call themselves the long haulers. Um but it's it's the damage that's done in their body is tremendous. And they got to consider, you know, kind of making this so I don't know. So they need to be considered when they discuss the disease, I think too. But well, I guess we'll get through it and we weren't able to do, we would have gone home to Ohio for family over the summer. I mean, there's things that, you know, we didn't get to see our parents and brothers and sisters, but Well,
SPEAKER_R: That's so hard.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. How is your family nearby that you're able to? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The ones that are left are still right around here for my family. My husband's family uh Most of them are in Miami uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: he's got a brother in new york that his brother works at.
SPEAKER_L: it was,
SPEAKER_R: Um Gosh I never know I want to say Manhattan but I get there's there's all of those like Burroughs and everything, I get them all mixed up. But he works at a hospital in one of the boroughs and uh he actually he's one of the er or trauma
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: nurses and he really went through it this year. And um he was the only one in our family like clothes that tested positive which really wasn't surprising considering the work he was having.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Was that back when it was really out of control in new york? So that's
SPEAKER_R: that that's when everything was really scary and they were having volunteers from other states, like
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: uh nurses and stuff. They were sending them to new york. It was when all that was going on.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, there number, I see new york numbers are clicking up again, so I'm wondering if they're gonna, I mean, but again, it all goes down to the hospital, Are they able to handle the number of patients? And if that stays, I guess, okay, they probably won't adjust anything. You know what I mean? That's what I and you don't need. The information is so messed up and you don't know what to believe and who to believe in. But I'm guessing because like, you know, you hear um so our governor banned trick or treating this year, just outright banned it. Well, so the news last night, there's the next county over where they're having it. Well, you know, where everybody is going to go, don't, you know, and it's like if you can't, if there's not consistency between at least close by things, you're you're you're asking for trouble. I mean, it's gonna be crazy. Don't ban it. Come up with creative ideas to to you know still have fun and still have a celebration but by just saying no you're not having it. Well of course people are going to go there and contribute and do all the things they want to do.
SPEAKER_R: I'm honestly really surprised with my county because my county is usually not creative. I mean it's a very rural area we're in, but they're actually having um instead of trick or treating, they say they're setting up the entire park, which you can, there's like this central, the work is like split in half and there's a road going all the way through it. And um they're setting up a drive through Halloween events and instead of wearing costumes, they want you to dress up your car.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: And there's gonna be prizes for best dressed cars and stuff. And there's gonna be people handing out bags of goodies. Like you're going to have a number sticker up on your car and that's how many goody bags you get. They get these big bags just full of stuff at the end.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome to see. Yeah like you said they just they thought outside of the box you're still having a party that kids are going to be happy you know and actually it's probably easier on us parents too
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Honestly, I'm like, I kind of like it like this, let's let's do
SPEAKER_L: continue.
SPEAKER_R: this because you know, um, when, because they have an event in that park every year and it's usually set up kind of like a trunk or treat, you know, there's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: people in their truck with the trunks or the tables and, but everybody goes to it. I mean everybody goes to that and it is just this, uh, there's, you know, there's always going to be people that just outwardly smoke right there even though it's a kid's event and then there's the people that just have their own and I mean people are just like packed in on top of each other. I hate it. I hate going, my kids love it. And I'm like, I can't stand it though. But this, I like this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because you're kind of I mean they know they're going to get their treats still and it's not like a madhouse you're going to be handed them so it's not like this because because here the first year we were here we went to like an egg hunt, it was vicious, it was downright vicious and I can't I'm not going to do this. I mean parents were fighting over these stupid things and picking like when when they said go I mean the parents were picking them up faster, like, you know, my son is leaning over and so a parent comes and takes it away and it was it was beyond belief that I'm like, we're done, we're gonna be
SPEAKER_R: I think egg hunts just universally suck just wherever you are because I don't like the community egg hunts. They, yeah, there will actually be parents pushing down other
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: kids to get eggs
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: and their other kids and their kids basket. I'm like, what is wrong with you?
SPEAKER_L: I don't get that. So I I assume when you're describing this madhouse, like you said, people smoking people not, I'm sure it's yeah, some enough rude ones that it kind of makes it not fun. So but no, I think that sounds great, but you know, there's a few things happening, but it's more urban to come up with ideas but people are decorating their houses more. Um they put a map out of people that are still going to give out treats if you want, you know, so there are a few things happening but not to me overall they should have. I mean they banned our fourth of every fourth of july celebration to, well we and where we were at, there was four hours of solid fireworks from illegal fireworks because people said you know what if you're going to take it away then we're going to do our own. And I mean it was amazing from that point of view. Fire started. So it wasn't so amazing but but still it was you know, I felt like the people kind of took it in their own hand and I think they're gonna do that in Halloween do, but it's crazy. So did you always live in Tennessee?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much, yeah, because I was born in north
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: Carolina, but I don't remember any of that. We lived in florida For maybe like a year or so, but we
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: moved here in 97. So like my entire life that I've been like conscientious of my surroundings, I've been in Tennessee because I was born in 91, so I wouldn't have many memories of the
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: other places anyway.
SPEAKER_L: that would be pictures would be the only thing that could remind you. Well We still think of Ohio is home we've been here about 10 years in California so more of our life was in Ohio so we miss aspects of it people who are definitely different than home and I miss it, miss miss that part of it.
SPEAKER_R: So your son
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: would have been pretty young when he moved to California.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah he was 4.5 but he does have but I don't know how many of those memories are because of pictures I mean he does have things he does and we go back one or two times a year because the grandparents and cousins and so some of that is he and we go over the things that were memories so I don't know if that's helped him to retain them. Um Because you know we go by the house that we used to live in, you know things like that that and then we talk about you know like you know one day the next door neighbor had a crane come and take out trees in the back and that was he was he was so upset and that was a big deal. And another day we had hurricane winds. I don't remember what hurricane but it blew, we had our window open and it blew the window off the frame, everything he remembers like that. So it's fun to see what little things he picks up on and all the many of the neighbors are still there. So we do still interact with them when we do go home and to say hi. So that I think also keeps him connected in some way. So you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: cool. So he so he started school in California
SPEAKER_L: He did. But so I was a teacher in Ohio and um when we moved here schools are not very well done here. All I can say. So
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: I said I'm in a home school and we'll just see how it goes well. I continued until eighth grade. We he went on talking through eight and I home schooled and so now he's a sophomore so he's at a high school nearby. That is a it's not a it's a charter school and it's based on project and group work. So it's a whole different philosophy, it's a college prep but it's a whole different philosophy of learning and how to learn. So we really love it. But now that we're virtual schooling for you know, since since March. I don't know. I mean I know he's not getting out of it what it's intended to I mean there's only so much they can replicate and otherwise it's just a matter of putting the time in and you know, I don't know. It's it's okay. They're doing the best they can. I'm glad he's at that school because the regular public schools here are doing terrible. At least I can know he's getting something. It's too easy. They he feels like they don't really push them so. But um yeah, he's a good kid and hopefully we get back. I don't expect this semester at all, um, possibly part way through next semester if the vaccine comes out. That's the only thing. I think that will do it because our they were L. A. County will our numbers are based upon a lot of locations. Well down in South L. A. In the in the latino neighborhoods, It's out of control, but it's partly because of the way they live. They, you know, mom grandma, everybody lives altogether and that's why. But so we're never going to get the okay because their rates are too high is what I figure. So, so hopefully the vaccine comes and we all can get on with things. Would you get, would you get the vaccine? Are you for the vaccine or
SPEAKER_R: Um You know I probably
SPEAKER_L: it's like ever,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: ever?
SPEAKER_R: I also would probably be required to anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I didn't think about that. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah in my social work position um my entire caseload is adults with disabilities and so I have to be very careful with my health for their sake.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. I have a mentally retarded brother and he's about 49. Um, and I can, I mean, I just know the kind hearted person you are to be able to do that because that's, we've had so many good experiences with the program. He's continued with, he still goes to the workshop and you know, not now they're closed down, but you know, it's just what wonderful people that are involved in all that, so thank you because I know you do a lot for them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I love it. It's hard sometimes but it's not the people that make it hard, it's their agencies because my job in the field is I'm an advocate but I'm also quality assurance. So you know when the agencies that run like the workshops, the day programs and like the group homes, yeah if if they're not doing their job good enough then I'm on their tail so we're not very well liked usually.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, by that the kids, I'm sure, but wow. Well, I hope that it would be nice if you could have more work so you could do that full time. Like, you know, you have to at least not have to do the grocery store job,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh no, I usually still work uh it's a salaried position, which sucks. We we all really want to be paid hourly because we usually work 60-80 hours a week. But it the salary is abysmal. I mean we get it's nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I mean as a teacher it was nothing, it was,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: mean it was it was okay and it was enough to keep the carrot dangled, but it wasn't, you know, anything that I was going to be able to be rich, but um well, I know we've gone over a time. I really enjoyed talking to you and
SPEAKER_R: You, too.
SPEAKER_L: so fast. Well, good luck with everything and and enjoy your kids and have a fun Halloween. And
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You, too.
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad it worked out today that you and I met,