Hi
you're fine. No I am so excited that I have somebody today. I keep having to
like reschedule because I guess aren't showing up,
That's pretty cool. So California. Did the wildfires
affect you any?
Tennessee? East
Tennessee?
Cold. It is very very cool. I had to put the heat on for the first time today and I usually try to avoid that as long as possible because it's so expensive. But
I finally caved in.
Yeah. It was like I don't know I think it was like two days ago my daughter had a sleepover and she was like mommy
you have to put the heat on were cold and I'm like
I'll get you extra blankets and she's like please. And I'm like girl it is holding october I don't want to.
Yeah. Well you know my husband won't let me get away with not having the air on. He he doesn't like he does not like
the house to be above like 68° at any
time. Yeah,
he is and you know, it's his fault that the house gets caught because He is like a human radiator. I mean it's like any room that he's in that room is at least 10° warmer than every other room in the house.
I don't know how he does it.
You know, we we sleep. It's so funny. Um It makes me think of because I used to watch those old shows with my mom a lot. I love lucy and all that and how they have the separate beds. I'm like, man, I kind of
wish I could do that because we even make the bed, we've got our own like betting just to keep us separate because he's so
hot. Like I have to have my bedding over here.
Well
good.
I don't feel so weird now.
Yes,
I have an eight year old girl, she'll actually
be nine in november and I have got a three year old boy and he was
just um I don't know if you've ever read where the wild things are, but it
just,
it really fits him so you know, it's it's really well.
Yeah. You know my my eight year old was the easiest kid and
I used,
you know, it was karma for me because I used to laugh at my mom's friends. I'd be like, this isn't hard, none of this is hard because she didn't
cry. She slept through the night, She ate her vegetables and it was just the easiest, smooth sailing.
I was like, man, I could have like 10 more kids And then the 2nd 1 comes and wow.
was calling me and he would he slept I think the first six months the most he slept in one night was two hours. And it and it was not consecutive. It would be like in 15 minute bursts. I mean I almost went like crazy like completely mental.
They could never find anything with him. Not a thing.
They for a little while they thought that it was his um it was his tongue.
He said that it might be because his tongue tie was so bad.
But I don't know.
No.
No. Mhm.
The the pediatricians around here are so bad.
We have to drive. Um The best ones were about an hour and a half away from us.
The ones here are pretty rough because like my husband he's Cuban and we are in a very predominantly white area. You know if you're not caucasian you're weird basically. And so they don't know a lot of different things that come with different ethnicities even the doctors. So my son was born with Mongolian spots. And those are like these wild birthmarks that look like giant bruises. I mean like covering like a very large portion of your body. It looks like a bruise and they didn't know what that was. And you know of course the doctor that actually my gynecologist that you know help with the birthing process. He knew that he was born with them but his pediatrician at his next appointment thought that we abused them and we're like it's Mongolian
spot. And that was the worst day I've ever had to live through because they tried to take him from us and they
they made him go through so much unnecessary testing. They did X rays blood work all kinds of crazy things on a brand new baby. It was it was
all
for
How?
and
now thankfully with the Mongolian spots they kind of fade so they don't look like serious bruising when he gets older but
they will always look kind of like an old bruise. So yes some
people
they stay forever
only if you were a doctor doing an exam it's it's right above his butt and on and on his butt and kind of going up his spine a little bit.
Thank you. Oh man what a what a time that would be because I actually there are Children that get Mongolian spots like in their elbows and things and oh I can't even imagine I mean I'm still crazy with it. I take pictures I have like this um password protected album on my phone where I take pictures that are time stamped of like the area just so they see it never changes to verify this.
Well you know I don't think any of us ever realized how much moms have to do until we become one Mikey.
Need
But
I love that.
has
to be
Oh my goodness. Well my full time job I'm a social worker and unfortunately that does not pay the bills so part time I'm a cashier on the weekends at a grocery store and honestly sometimes being a cashier is harder than a social worker. I
mean there's days it goes back and forth but
er numbers started to go down. Um It actually we had one day where we didn't have any new cases in my county and
but they decided they were like hey no new cases on that day let's send all the kids back to school now, so all of the kids went back to school and now we were having the biggest spikes daily than we were.
I don't honestly, it it kinda it doesn't seem like it's been anymore, it's been like sort of steady throughout but it's all that really high risk population
that is still just really struggling with it as far as there has been like
the oddball like middle aged man going in. But I mean otherwise honestly in in my area they probably wouldn't even report it if it
was happening because it is very it's almost taboo to talk about it
where I am.
What?
That's so hard.
The ones that are left are still right around here for my family. My husband's family uh Most of them are in Miami uh
he's got a brother in new york that his brother works at.
Um Gosh I never know I want to say Manhattan but I get there's there's all of those like Burroughs and everything, I get them all mixed up. But he works at a hospital in one of the boroughs and uh he actually he's one of the er or trauma
nurses and he really went through it this year. And um he was the only one in our family like clothes that tested positive which really wasn't surprising considering the work he was having.
that that's when everything was really scary and they were having volunteers from other states, like
uh nurses and stuff. They were sending them to new york. It was when all that was going on.
I'm honestly really surprised with my county because my county is usually not creative. I mean it's a very rural area we're in, but they're actually having um instead of trick or treating, they say they're setting up the entire park, which you can, there's like this central, the work is like split in half and there's a road going all the way through it. And um they're setting up a drive through Halloween events and instead of wearing costumes, they want you to dress up your car.
And there's gonna be prizes for best dressed cars and stuff. And there's gonna be people handing out bags of goodies. Like you're going to have a number sticker up on your car and that's how many goody bags you get. They get these big bags just full of stuff at the end.
Yeah. Honestly, I'm like, I kind of like it like this, let's let's do
this because you know, um, when, because they have an event in that park every year and it's usually set up kind of like a trunk or treat, you know, there's
people in their truck with the trunks or the tables and, but everybody goes to it. I mean everybody goes to that and it is just this, uh, there's, you know, there's always going to be people that just outwardly smoke right there even though it's a kid's event and then there's the people that just have their own and I mean people are just like packed in on top of each other. I hate it. I hate going, my kids love it. And I'm like, I can't stand it though. But this, I like this.
I think egg hunts just universally suck just wherever you are because I don't like the community egg hunts. They, yeah, there will actually be parents pushing down other
kids to get eggs
and their other kids and their kids basket. I'm like, what is wrong with you?
pretty much, yeah, because I was born in north
Carolina, but I don't remember any of that. We lived in florida For maybe like a year or so, but we
moved here in 97. So like my entire life that I've been like conscientious of my surroundings, I've been in Tennessee because I was born in 91, so I wouldn't have many memories of the
other places anyway.
So your son
would have been pretty young when he moved to California.
that's
cool. So he so he started school in California
there,
Um You know I probably
but
I also would probably be required to anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah in my social work position um my entire caseload is adults with disabilities and so I have to be very careful with my health for their sake.
I love it. It's hard sometimes but it's not the people that make it hard, it's their agencies because my job in the field is I'm an advocate but I'm also quality assurance. So you know when the agencies that run like the workshops, the day programs and like the group homes, yeah if if they're not doing their job good enough then I'm on their tail so we're not very well liked usually.
Yeah. Oh no, I usually still work uh it's a salaried position, which sucks. We we all really want to be paid hourly because we usually work 60-80 hours a week. But it the salary is abysmal. I mean we get it's nothing.
Yeah. I feel
you.
You, too.
Thank you. You, too.