Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Well the ground What? Yeah. Good. Yeah. Oh God. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, it's a great Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Hello?
Sorry about that. I was I was browsing on the internet.
member.
I've had this is you would be my sixth actual person and I had one No show. So yeah, so I guess my times maybe that I pick or because I am pacific time California. So I don't know if my time goes better with everybody else, but I've had a lot of good conversations. Mhm.
Tom.
Well we're in L. A. So definitely urban enough that we didn't feel the fear of the fires but definitely the smoke was around in ash and all that was part of it. And every every year pretty much you we have days of that. So where you at?
Well
we're from Ohio so we were from your side. Our hearts are there. Uh So what is your weather today in Tennessee?
Everything
I remember that and yeah, you feel like you failed when you have to do that finally. It's like, oh my gosh, that means winter is really here.
No,
what,
I love it. I do that to my son too. Because you know, every once of all in the winter, we, we would have to turn on the heat here. It's not, you know, often, but boy, I stretch it leading with the air conditioning to the other end of the spectrum. It has to be really hot. But
Think
my
that's whoa!
that's funny.
Well, I guess in the winter he's handy.
What?
I
Well you're not, you know, you're not old enough, but when you hit menopause, that's how I am able to stand. It is because I need my own blankets because I kick it off and then put it back, you know, you're hot and cold throughout the night. And I mean I would be waking them up so that we kind of did that naturally because you know, I always felt bad when I was kicking away and waking them up. So yeah, we each have our own settings. So I totally get it. All we get is
our
people.
Well, I that's my, my word of advice for other friends and such. They're starting their process and I'm like, okay, the first thing you gotta do because I did not ever, no one ever told me that that was okay and you need it. So you have a daughter,
is that
she?
my
I
know.
it's funny. That's cute. But 33 is a fun age. I mean we have 11 son and he's a teenager now, so totally different species, but I'll tell you he was kind of wild at the younger age, but he's a great teenager. So hopefully maybe you get it all out. No, he's smooth sailing after that.
Watch out.
No.
hello.
Not.
Shut you right up and over.
Yeah. Did you find out if it was like dietary issues or?
uh huh, wow,
Well,
How
they have a reason for that happening?
No.
hmm.
well,
gosh.
No.
my gosh.
I'm
so
sorry. I am. So, but I agree with you. I don't, I'm really, I mean, even through this whole virus, I'm so disappointed in the medical field. They just, I'm like, I mean you're supposed to be and I don't know, I just expected more I guess I just expected to be the experts I guess. I don't know. Um, but I, we had similar, we lived in Cleveland when my son was born and you know, so there's, there's a big city, there's lots of doctors. But again, I, we had, he was doing breath holdings and um, you know, I had eczema galore and all these things and they never really directed me and I just happened to start researching things and I'm like, this is, this is, I know this is something that's going on and I came across this site that just said stop giving him milk and and breading great gluten, you know, just
try it. What do you have to lose? It's not like I'm telling you to pile them with a bunch of medications, just don't cook for those things world, a world of difference and
the breath holding, it took about six months of clean eating to get it out of the system. But after six months he stopped and the doctor, you know, he'll grow out of it, you know, hey, I mean it was never any, but I know that's what that that made all the difference in this eczema. You know, in certain areas went away and he, I mean he wouldn't wear clothes because it was hurting him. He's always, I mean from they always picking out his clothes and I never really put two and two together and they started giving me steroids for his eczema. So I was putting it on and it was helping. And then like the next visit they said, well we have to start doing liver tests because you know, this is affecting his liver. I'm like, wait, you didn't tell me that. So I'm like, no, no. Are so I hear you and you're frustrated. Is he okay now? Like is with his health? Yeah.
All
Is
it
yeah. Is it in noticeable spots or?
Okay. So it won't be something that just comes up if he's sitting in class and the teacher. All right.
Well, if you had such a scary event happened, I can see why too. I mean you got to be proactive of protecting situation and oh, that's so sad that you had to go through that. It's wrong.
that's, that's true. And and boy
that mom comes through. I mean it just over, you know, you don't, you didn't know you had it in you, but you do you know that attractiveness of everything. Um Well we want my, so another incident is I was hanging up pictures and I got a phone call and I put the nails on this table that he had never really paid attention to while he was watching. And he picked up a nail and after I got done with a phone call and like what are the nails are gone? Did it drop, you know, we were looking, he swallowed it. He went up there and swallowed it. So we took him to the closest hospital and it was, you know, we're going to put him in like the Children rainbow. Like, I mean they just made it sounded that he was gonna die. I mean they just made it sound so horrible. And I had put in a call to the pediatrician and I you know said what happened? Well he called back and he said he'll poop it out. He said that it's nothing just you just got to make sure that when it goes from the stomach to the intestine it doesn't get stuck. That's the only poopsie. But your body basically encompasses it naturally. So
so we just had to go get one x ray and just to make see where it was in the track. And they said it takes anywhere from 2 to 28 days to come out keep watching for it and let us know. So but they of course the when we went and got the x rays of course they thought you know, bad things and you know it was but I mean it was just an accident and he was he was about 18 months. No he was nine months. Yeah, he was nine months. And I mean like he was already starting to talk and he he said nail. I mean he told us like you wouldn't believe you know? I know but you know we have the X ray still we put them up at Halloween. You know his once in with the nail right there. It's kind of
because I was
worried
do you work outside the home, are you a mom or a full time mom or?
Well
I would say during this time especially I mean I can't I can't imagine what the beginning of all this scare was like in being in that position because you knew why you were there and you didn't want to quit but then you know, were you protected? Were you not protected? Were you? Um I mean I still we only go shopping once a month actually to a store that's that's our that's our limit right now that I get everything else sent and just make it work and you know when we're running out of vegetables, I grow sprouts and so we have a sprout salad like so so it's been all the I your I think your numbers are going up again and my right and remembering because everywhere I know the midwest right now are kind of having some uncertainty what what's going on. But I think it's the kids going back to colleges and schools and it will.
that's terrific.
How is the hospitalization though? How is the house that part of it? Does it seem like if you if it is it a lesser disease? And because because somebody said that what we're having in California is different than what's in new york. Like you're the european that side of the countries the european version were the asian version so and one is more spread able and more severe but
You can
like
All
I
don't think I get the sense that that's kind of everywhere that that because like last week I learned to four friends that had it and never said a peak never let on. And you know some some were back in March and they never let the cat out of the bag that they went through it and I'm like ha that's all like all together I'm getting this information and I thought that there has to be others then that aren't letting anybody know. And they just stayed home and they, you know, got through it and not tested and didn't, you know, add to the numbers and so, mm hmm. Um Well, here it's it's there are numbers are high all
the time. But I guess it's getting better because it's it's the hospitalizations and such are going down. So I guess that's a sign. And I don't know. I mean, I think it's probably okay that numbers are getting it compared. I mean that the hospitalization to me is the key is what I feel is the most important thing to pay attention to. But then there's that whole group of people that are continuing with stuff afterwards after testing negative. They're still having problems. And that's that's another interesting part to me is they call they call themselves the long haulers. Um but it's it's the damage that's done in their body is tremendous. And they got to consider, you know, kind of making this so I don't know. So they need to be considered when they discuss the disease, I think too. But well, I guess we'll get through it and we weren't able to do, we would have gone home to Ohio for family over the summer. I mean, there's things that, you know, we didn't get to see our parents and brothers and sisters, but Well,
yeah. How is your family nearby that you're able to? Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
it was,
you know.
Yeah. Was that back when it was really out of control in new york? So that's
no,
Okay. Well, there number, I see new york numbers are clicking up again, so I'm wondering if they're gonna, I mean, but again, it all goes down to the hospital, Are they able to handle the number of patients? And if that stays, I guess, okay, they probably won't adjust anything. You know what I mean? That's what I and you don't need. The information is so messed up and you don't know what to believe and who to believe in. But I'm guessing because like, you know, you hear um so our governor banned trick or treating this year, just outright banned it. Well, so the news last night, there's the next county over where they're having it. Well, you know, where everybody is going to go, don't, you know, and it's like if you can't, if there's not consistency between at least close by things, you're you're you're asking for trouble. I mean, it's gonna be crazy. Don't ban it. Come up with creative ideas to to you know still have fun and still have a celebration but by just saying no you're not having it. Well of course people are going to go there and contribute and do all the things they want to do.
Hi.
That's awesome to see. Yeah like you said they just they thought outside of the box you're still having a party that kids are going to be happy you know and actually it's probably easier on us parents too
continue.
All
Yeah because you're kind of I mean they know they're going to get their treats still and it's not like a madhouse you're going to be handed them so it's not like this because because here the first year we were here we went to like an egg hunt, it was vicious, it was downright vicious and I can't I'm not going to do this. I mean parents were fighting over these stupid things and picking like when when they said go I mean the parents were picking them up faster, like, you know, my son is leaning over and so a parent comes and takes it away and it was it was beyond belief that I'm like, we're done, we're gonna be
You
know?
I don't get that. So I I assume when you're describing this madhouse, like you said, people smoking people not, I'm sure it's yeah, some enough rude ones that it kind of makes it not fun. So but no, I think that sounds great, but you know, there's a few things happening, but it's more urban to come up with ideas but people are decorating their houses more. Um they put a map out of people that are still going to give out treats if you want, you know, so there are a few things happening but not to me overall they should have. I mean they banned our fourth of every fourth of july celebration to, well we and where we were at, there was four hours of solid fireworks from illegal fireworks because people said you know what if you're going to take it away then we're going to do our own. And I mean it was amazing from that point of view. Fire started. So it wasn't so amazing but but still it was you know, I felt like the people kind of took it in their own hand and I think they're gonna do that in Halloween do, but it's crazy. So did you always live in Tennessee?
What
Sorry?
true.
that would be pictures would be the only thing that could remind you. Well We still think of Ohio is home we've been here about 10 years in California so more of our life was in Ohio so we miss aspects of it people who are definitely different than home and I miss it, miss miss that part of it.
What?
Yeah he was 4.5 but he does have but I don't know how many of those memories are because of pictures I mean he does have things he does and we go back one or two times a year because the grandparents and cousins and so some of that is he and we go over the things that were memories so I don't know if that's helped him to retain them. Um Because you know we go by the house that we used to live in, you know things like that that and then we talk about you know like you know one day the next door neighbor had a crane come and take out trees in the back and that was he was he was so upset and that was a big deal. And another day we had hurricane winds. I don't remember what hurricane but it blew, we had our window open and it blew the window off the frame, everything he remembers like that. So it's fun to see what little things he picks up on and all the many of the neighbors are still there. So we do still interact with them when we do go home and to say hi. So that I think also keeps him connected in some way. So you
have.
He did. But so I was a teacher in Ohio and um when we moved here schools are not very well done here. All I can say. So
I said I'm in a home school and we'll just see how it goes well. I continued until eighth grade. We he went on talking through eight and I home schooled and so now he's a sophomore so he's at a high school nearby. That is a it's not a it's a charter school and it's based on project and group work. So it's a whole different philosophy, it's a college prep but it's a whole different philosophy of learning and how to learn. So we really love it. But now that we're virtual schooling for you know, since since March. I don't know. I mean I know he's not getting out of it what it's intended to I mean there's only so much they can replicate and otherwise it's just a matter of putting the time in and you know, I don't know. It's it's okay. They're doing the best they can. I'm glad he's at that school because the regular public schools here are doing terrible. At least I can know he's getting something. It's too easy. They he feels like they don't really push them so. But um yeah, he's a good kid and hopefully we get back. I don't expect this semester at all, um, possibly part way through next semester if the vaccine comes out. That's the only thing. I think that will do it because our they were L. A. County will our numbers are based upon a lot of locations. Well down in South L. A. In the in the latino neighborhoods, It's out of control, but it's partly because of the way they live. They, you know, mom grandma, everybody lives altogether and that's why. But so we're never going to get the okay because their rates are too high is what I figure. So, so hopefully the vaccine comes and we all can get on with things. Would you get, would you get the vaccine? Are you for the vaccine or
it's like ever,
ever?
Oh, that's true. Yeah.
I mean, I didn't think about that. Huh.
Yeah, absolutely. I have a mentally retarded brother and he's about 49. Um, and I can, I mean, I just know the kind hearted person you are to be able to do that because that's, we've had so many good experiences with the program. He's continued with, he still goes to the workshop and you know, not now they're closed down, but you know, it's just what wonderful people that are involved in all that, so thank you because I know you do a lot for them. Yeah.
Yeah, by that the kids, I'm sure, but wow. Well, I hope that it would be nice if you could have more work so you could do that full time. Like, you know, you have to at least not have to do the grocery store job,
Yeah. Well, I mean as a teacher it was nothing, it was,
I
mean it was it was okay and it was enough to keep the carrot dangled, but it wasn't, you know, anything that I was going to be able to be rich, but um well, I know we've gone over a time. I really enjoyed talking to you and
so fast. Well, good luck with everything and and enjoy your kids and have a fun Halloween. And
I'm glad it worked out today that you and I met,