SPEAKER_L: Right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi there
SPEAKER_L: You can hear me Right, okay. Well my name is Kathy
SPEAKER_R: I'm jennifer.
SPEAKER_L: hi jennifer. And
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Nice to see Major,
SPEAKER_L: yes, where are you? Where are you from? Are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: And a okay. All right. Ben to Chicago many times and from Ohio but we live in California now, so
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in michigan, so
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: been Ohio
SPEAKER_L: you are a michigan fan?
SPEAKER_R: more or less, I went to Northwestern, so really kind of a like that when it's good for people I know, but you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So are you a are you a student are you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, no, I actually just turned 30 this year. Um, so I normally work at Marriott hotels, but unfortunately been on furlough for the last several months. Is everything going on? Uh, so just sort of spending time,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: the job's hanging out a
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: little bit, figuring out what's going to happen next. So to reflect my dog is trying to join us.
SPEAKER_L: what's a boy or girl
SPEAKER_R: she's a girl, her
SPEAKER_L: harder?
SPEAKER_R: name is Obi, she was jumping at the chair so she doesn't like to be excluded from
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: conference calls. Things that
SPEAKER_L: You're you're everything? Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: How long have you had her?
SPEAKER_R: just over three years and she was about, we think once when I first, so she'll be four ish october.
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: She's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: a rescue. So not totally sure. But girl say hi, now
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: get the screen.
SPEAKER_L: there. Hi that's a new voice. She's like
SPEAKER_R: so what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: well so I am a homemaker because I home school my son who last year and we did get him into a high school. Um so he's a freshman last year, so now I'm looking but with all this going on, not
SPEAKER_R: It's it's the
SPEAKER_L: finding any anything other than risk your life and work at the grocery store kind of job. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, unfortunately that's kind of where you are and I'm lucky enough that I'm fairly good
SPEAKER_L: 34
SPEAKER_R: about saving
SPEAKER_L: months
SPEAKER_R: money and stuff and so I'm not I don't feel super pressure
SPEAKER_L: you are
SPEAKER_R: to immediately take something, especially I'm going to probably find
SPEAKER_L: you never
SPEAKER_R: out Tuesday whether or not have to but kind of negative because a bunch of executives and managers all just took out to buy up, retire uh
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit, you know, nerve wracking. But I think, you know at the end of the day, you know, I'll figure out something through it will be fine and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I know it's knowing that so many other people are going through it the same thing makes it somewhat, well it can be hard, but you know, it's knowing it's it's nothing I did uh did.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Right. And I think that's that's a huge part of this. Is that yeah, we're taking a different approach to everything because like, you know, my husband's a musician. So of course there's nothing nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I worked before he worked for Mary and I worked for a theatre company for seven years
SPEAKER_L: all right.
SPEAKER_R: college and then doing marketing for the theater and I still have plenty of friends who work there and everything are in different parts of the industry and obviously it's uh you know terrible for them right now because I can't you just can't have something with Iran is I wish I could like you know, be going back and I've been trying to watch like tape recordings of
SPEAKER_L: Remember.
SPEAKER_R: like live just because you know, it's something I'm missing. Honestly, I think I prefer I do something like that in the hotel industry but obviously there's nothing to go back to you there right now.
SPEAKER_L: now right now, unless you can come up with a way, so like, so I shouldn't say there's nothing the like he went to somebody's back porch and they did three people, you know, and live
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: screamed it. Okay. So that doesn't bring in the big box, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I've seen a couple, there's an artist I like you did that and the time, I mean I've seen concert you know times, but it's kind of, you know, is doing it and actually a friend's theater company is doing an old performance and it's a benefit, their nonprofit. And so I'll probably watch. But yeah, it's not quite the same and nobody is really making money from it. They're just trying to find ideas to stay afloat and also just stay in the conversation I think because
SPEAKER_L: I think that's
SPEAKER_R: if you're away from the, you know, spotlight or you're, you're not top of mind for things, you know, uh, somebody who works the marketing, you know, that's the hardest be away for too long and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. No, I know there's a lot, a lot to balance here and you I don't know, maybe it's a good thing because you re think about some things maybe where it was headed and you're now finding what's important and I don't know. So I think it can be a good outcome to, I mean you have a very positive attitude towards all this, but like you said, you're a saver so that helps not feel.
SPEAKER_R: Try and get one as somebody who primarily likes to, you know, go to theater. I love going to the movies or a sports fan and stuff like that. It's like not a ton of stuff for me to spend money on
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: right now. That's the, so I don't feel like, you know, having to miss out and going, even though we've got restaurants that are open for patio and outdoor dining, I just haven't felt like it's really worth doing it. I've been trying to do take out occasionally for some places
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that are local that I want to help. Hopefully this, uh, one of my favorite places actually is not reopening, which it makes sense because they're downtown
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: office buildings and nobody's working in offices and stuff. Um but it's not like I have to feel like I have to sit home on a saturday night when my friends are going out to do something because there's nothing to go out and do.
SPEAKER_L: Well, Chicago with you having also the rioting aspect to this is probably changes what you want to do or not do too. I mean
SPEAKER_R: It really, because I'm not actually, I've only been downtown once
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: in the last five months, which is crazy. And I actually walked because I didn't want to take public transit and I'm like, I've got all day that's good, you know, good exercise with the gym club for the gym is open, but I had them put my member because back any time soon uh everything. So it's been a little bit removed and stuff because it's not right in the neighborhood. There were always going in and that was very weird because I was at the grocery store and they were acting some marches that to be very peaceful um happening that night, but places were like boarding up as I was in the store and you know, getting ready. So that, that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: was very uh back. But there's a lot going
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: on and there's a lot of problems and hopefully we can just do our best to try to band together and work to fix things, get things back on track after we get through the virus. And just, and it just, it's a little disappointing to uh, know that like other places in the world have it under control and when something starts to happen that is like, oh, we have 10 new cases were shutting all everything down again until you get under control. And it's like we have thousands and thousands of cases a day, but we're still just letting people go about
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: going to bars and stuff. It's, it's difficult and I know we're a huge, a
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: huge country in, you know, a very diverse population may be compared to some places. But I just, I was talking to a friend and I was like when we were, this was all happening in March did not expect to still be sitting here in august and everything. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's our freedom that's against us. We you know, people are protesting their rights about and to me this is this is common sense that when they won't want you to stay home and do all the things just do it because it's just common sense and it's not there's no there shouldn't be any political.
SPEAKER_R: Massacre annoying. But they're helpful and you've got to go to the store. I'm more than happy to put one. I mean, even every time I take the dog out getting up in anybody's faces or something, I'm still wearing my mask just in case you, you can at least other dogs and some of my neighbors that I know and so protect them, protect myself.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I don't I I
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: don't get
SPEAKER_R: doesn't
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: seem.
SPEAKER_L: part of our country and why we're fighting that to me and it just it's sad to me.
SPEAKER_R: And I think one of the issues is because you can go so easily place the place. It's like, you see like, you know, for us in Chicago, it was fairly bad in like april and May and then it's gotten was more under control and unified. But we looking back up
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: in other cases are starting to go back up again and I didn't see. But the governor I think is speaking this afternoon because we're kind of trending and the wrong. I'm not sure where you are in California. I know there were, you know,
SPEAKER_L: L. A. Were bad.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Northern California was really bad in the beginning, but I think that I've got it down a little bit, so it's hard with those things and that's actually one of the things they've kind of been talking about with the changes that are happening in my job because we have, I work in the midwest region,
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: I was hotels in Illinois, it's in michigan Ohio and um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and it's going to be difficult in the next two years for them to figure out like, you know the people are maybe
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: visiting
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: Seattle more because Seattle is okay or people are visiting florida more even though for not okay you can go to florida. Um So it's hard to like have a national team, like I have a coworker who worked on our team for two years and then her husband got a job in uh san Francisco last year. So she transferred out to like the Western team. So it's like you know her hotels might be experiencing completely different problem. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: You know, and I think that's the other thing that if you watch how this all happened in United States, the differences between each state. It, you know, you just think the federal government is the rule. But really the the state governor means so much in the local mayors and I'm thinking I never really put much thought into the local elections and stuff. I never really,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: know, it's really, really,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really something I should think about because I don't
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: like what our mayor is doing and how he's doing choices and whatever. So I mean, it's like, well now,
SPEAKER_R: I hope everybody takes that as a lesson from everything and just there really is no matter how you vote or where you support it's important to you know, learn more about the issues and that's something I've done the last couple years because I feel like before I graduated college I definitely don't like presidential elections but I didn't really necessarily
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: do have people election and I didn't, you put a list of judges in front of me and I take some names or something. So like the last like that I've been trying to find there's there's so much it's so much easier now that we have the internet
SPEAKER_L: true,
SPEAKER_R: can it said
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: like this is what this judge, you know,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: groups that support them, whether it's you or women's liberty or whatever. Um, so I think a lot easier not these resources and hopefully people will continue to take advantage of them and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I agree. And the other, the other thing too is the division of power between the state and the, which, you know, you never had that emphasize and now you can see why decisions are being made and who really is in charge of making those decisions and again, you know, not something we really saw before. I paid attention. I remember,
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: you know, the Venn diagram of the state local and you know, but you know, so well, but
SPEAKER_R: your mind has been, you got caught up in your, your life and then, you know, just actually that's the one thing I missed is it's, I feel like I've always kind of like I studied journalism in school, so it's like, you know, I've always had to kind of, you know, we had to pay attention in the newspaper what was going on in the world. But I kind of liked when I didn't necessarily have to worry about, okay, just, you know, go to your job and you needed to do or handle your family and be like Things are okay if something big happens, I'll find out about it. But I don't have to be following every single little crisis 2020 has been that, I don't know. I saw you guys last weekend are more the northern part of the state, but like fire tornadoes and stuff. So it's like not even just the virus, but it's all these other kinds that are,
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: they,
SPEAKER_L: and there's fires here in L. A. That you know, there are times when the wind blows and we get, you know the ash and the whatever with it. I mean it depends and hopefully, I mean right now they just declared emergency yesterday because we're
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: at 100 and 10 degree weather.
SPEAKER_R: I saw
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: something actually last week we had the biggest, um, tornadoes with, I know I woke up at least like that. I feel like I didn't see much, but I just happen to know some friends who from the region being so close. Oh my and so, but you know, it was very strange. Like walking around here. I've never seen trees come down in Chicago and there's quite a few of my neighborhood, thankfully everything was, you know, relatively mild and stuff. It's strange time all around
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: whether it's the weather,
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: politics, the virus, the economy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. Um well with journalism, I mean not that I want to get into any debating, but what I mean from your point of view, the change of journalism in the last even 10 years of how things are being presented or um because like you said, you know, you you before you didn't seem like you had to follow things, the big things were always presented and now it seems like you've got to hunt for information.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or that there's too much and it's overload and people miss stuff or you become desensitized to stuff that's going on almost because it feels like it's another crisis or another problem. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like part of it, part of it,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it's the internet and part of it maybe is a little bit my gender migration to growing up on the internet and learn because it's something that hit me. My, one of my best friends from high school, I'm still very close with agree with a lot sort of posted something that was, makes me a little bit on facebook and I'm trying to not get into facebook arguments anymore because that has been something that I never feel better when
SPEAKER_L: Was.
SPEAKER_R: I do this. But like I should have been like I work in marketing, so I really didn't believe a facebook account because you know,
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: social media marketing is also I want to get rid of my facebook account for many of the reasons that have to do the media and things like that. But it was something like, you know, like Fox News and the Daily Beast, some certain like a lot of right wing sites are very when you do google and you can open them, you can go and get whatever content they're presenting. But then there's places like the Washington coast or new york times
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: that you might hit the paywall or something and like articles are you know behind, but it's like if you're going to those sites enough that you're Getting the Paywall, you should like support quality journalism because of all this. I subscribe to describe what you're being for the first time, eight bucks a month. Make it work even with, I'm not working and stuff. And I feel we've got it away because people like when I grew up, we got the paper delivered to, you know, our home and I read the comics and maybe the sports second or something as a 10 year old who likes baseball and stuff. So we better and used to, I think some of the sites that are a lot more polarized, the sites that are free and more available in people's faces. But we also have to realize that like quality journalism, one of the reasons I didn't really go into journalism is seeing all the changes that happened and it's a very difficult field to get into and to make a living off of working and stuff. And so that's why marketing was a little bit use some of those same skills, but it's from the inside and seems more stable at the time of coronavirus. Uh
SPEAKER_L: but when you say that, is it because I mean I'm, I take it that the reason this extreme opinion type of information is being put in there because they're just desperate to be noticed like
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Well, and that's why and the those are the sites that are, you know, they're keeping it free because they're they're hunting for clicks and it clicks of that. I feel like those, some of those, if those sites went behind to pay all the people who are really devoted for them would probably pay for them anyway. But it just like seeing that attitude by my friend who is somebody who's, you know, very smart, well educated, understands these things and that she like re posted this tweet I like almost wanted to get into it didn't just because it's like, well somebody has to pay for it, especially these days because it's like, you know, mary has not really advertising much, Nobody in entertainment is that, you know, the movies have been pretty much shut down, no new movies coming out for five months and stuff. So like all these newspapers are hurting even more than they already were with like revenue down because there's nobody buying ads and if nobody's buying ads in order to employ people and do the get done to get quality journalism and make sure that you know you're presenting the facts and getting in the real story, it's got the money has to come from it from somewhere. So complaining about hitting a payroll if you're reading the new york times enough and it's normally like 5 to 10 stories, you're hitting a paywall there maybe invested a subscription in the new york times like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well there there's the marketing is you explain all that and start,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but then it's gonna be like well but that doesn't solve the problem of Googling and the other one is free people I think are going
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: to go to, it's like that's free that
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: might have you know, more biased information or not be presenting
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the facts and that, but we also have to be, you know, if we're going to be an informed democracy, you know, we have to support the work that goes into creating that. So I don't know if they're correct. I think the internet is great. Obviously as I was talking about, you know, it gives us more access to information about voting in local elections or so many other things or heck I can stream, you know Hamilton has every room or do so many things that you know, thinking about what what did they do during the flu epidemic of 1918, like 1970,
SPEAKER_L: 18, 18, 18, 18, 19 year.
SPEAKER_R: trump keeps saying one of the wrong one and then I'm like oh no, I've got a But yeah, 1918 it's like, you know, we've got compared to that we have so many more luxuries yet we couldn't make staying at home really work for the time that it would have taken.
SPEAKER_L: Well, do you think because of the internet people are not able to self entertain I guess is I don't know if that's the right word, but to some extent it is, I mean like back and I grew up in, in rural Ohio and you know we didn't have cable. You know you went outside and you made up games and you you you occupy yourself all day long
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that's maybe that's some of it and maybe that's me being biased knowing, you know, growing up in suburban Detroit and I was just spending the last decade in Chicago area and stuff of I never I've never had not had access to really quality internet since internet started. Obviously it's a lot quicker these days than it was when
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I had dial up. And my mom would always be kicking off to use the phone
SPEAKER_L: I remember that day
SPEAKER_R: I get to have a full line of my own. Um And but and I uh yeah that that's maybe one of the problems, you know, structural problem that we need to to make sure that there are rural, rural areas are able to get that same access and stuff because maybe, you know, it's harder there. And I understand that there are places like in the beginning that didn't go into full lockdown because the virus wasn't as bad in those roars and new york and L. A. And Seattle, you know, America because we have such easy interstate travel. Of course, if you're if you don't have those restrictions there, the virus is not going to stay put because to me, so it needed to be a federal, you know, coordinated effort. And it
SPEAKER_L: I don't think he was a lot. I don't think he could have I don't think the constitution allows him to make that kind of rule to stay. Right. That's that's what I'm saying that that the differentiation between the rights of the powers is amazing
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: to me.
SPEAKER_R: I think if the federal government had taken a firmer stance though, the states would have followed, but the states were following him. And
SPEAKER_L: I think they would have rebelled though too. I mean that's what I'm seeing the rebellion still. I mean here the rebellion against everything is just you know definitely two sides opinions here and there's nothing you can do about it when they when they okayed the writing or the protesting the urgency of the virus became in the background. And once they allowed one group they all said well screw it. Why am I staying home? I might as well go out and you know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but I mean my argument would be there that protesting for basic civil rights is a lot of different things. Going to a bar to get a beer.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it is it is but you know we've had
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: to reinvent.
SPEAKER_R: the protest and the studies of the protests because of mass and social distancing and being outdoors were a lot different than the risk of the virus there, that they weren't really seeing as spreading events compared to people having house parties and stuff now that you and see now, you know, everybody's like, You know, of course if you put college kids, you know, college kids have to be more responsible, but if you put a group of college kids, 1920 year olds on a campus, they're going to have parties and now you've got a break, you gotta move classes online. So, you know, there's places of clearly we've seen people can't necessarily akin to that personal responsibility, so somebody has to step in and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah but that um but I just think the urgency was lost is what happened because you know are the rate who's getting it right now is 20 to 40 year olds. Um I wonder who was out. I wonder who's out and about that.
SPEAKER_R: But I mean there's also the there were protests in michigan and some of the other places, you know, the month before where people were wielding automatic weapons and not, you know, getting any pushback.
SPEAKER_L: no. Any of it. Oh any of it? Any any of it?
SPEAKER_R: And the press, the president was encouraging those if the president had been saying free Virginia, free michigan.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I I don't I don't know much about that michigan governor. I don't hear good things about her. I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: have a wonderful thing from my friends who actually lived there and that she
SPEAKER_L: I have friends that yeah I have friends there and they
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: she has her rules and they you have to pile on. But she does her own thing. Kind of real person.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. She got they were under what their hospitals were underwater and her putting in those restrictions made it especially like, you know, my grandmother lives within my aunt's who's in northern uh the northern part of the state and stuff. And if people have started rushing up there to go to their cabins or whatnot, they don't have that kind of infrastructure. And actually my I would talk to man on sunday and they had the people who are getting sick. We're going to the restaurants as the tourists go to um in her out and stuff because the locals are still staying home and doing stuff. But they're having problems up there with people who are forced to are bringing the virus up there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I had a friend's dad who had Covid and they know hospital would admit him. They had to go to three hospitals. Finally got in. But he died. It was,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you know, if the first hospital could have taken him and done the right things, who knows? I mean, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: But I mean that's the whole problem that people understand and you know, I get
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: nobody.
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't want my job to go away and my job, you know, probably going away permanently and stuff. But it's like if if we didn't shut things down and we over in the hospital of the economy
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: was going to, that's not the way. So it's like,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. No, that was the right decision at that time. Absolutely. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: she said
SPEAKER_L: you know, and
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: we did it and we did it. We should have celebrated that. We did it as a country.
SPEAKER_R: and said opening early, getting our beers and going to the gym and belonging everyone's pain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But see like here nothing's been open. We we've had restaurants open for less than a week and they close them right back down. The barber shops aren't open. The gyms aren't open unless you take it all outside. So our hope we don't have an opening and our cases are going up in, our death rates going up so it doesn't make sense. It's like we're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: able to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: anything and why are we still seeing
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: numbers?
SPEAKER_R: a PPD people not staying home. People going to other people's homes. I guess graduation. I saw a lot of graduation parties. I've been seeing people on social media posts, like vacation pictures and all that kind of stuff that I'm like, what, what, what
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh, I know that, that irritates me and they're going, I feel bad. I was, I know of like four people that went to like Montana and because there's not wasn't bad up there and then you see in the summer there rates like went totally way. I was like, yeah, they
SPEAKER_R: it's tough
SPEAKER_L: should
SPEAKER_R: and I mean I get it. I live, you know, I live by myself. My mom is in florida, I have a little bit of family back in michigan stuff, but like I I saw my mom last year for thanksgiving and you know, I've already talked to her, she wanted from up here and then obviously we just wasn't a good idea that I wanted to go down there. It's not a good
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: idea except grandmother is down there too and she's, you know, 91 it has health issues and stuff, so it's like, it doesn't make sense and we're all kind of bummed that can't see each other, but
SPEAKER_L: You make the best of it
SPEAKER_R: you eat the best of it. So.
SPEAKER_L: well and I feel that's our duty I guess. I feel like why, why, you know, I of course I want to go do all those things, but you know, I think the bigger picture and it's just right now it's a little blip in time that we're gonna do this and make the best of it and move on. I mean yeah we've had lots of plans canceled for the summer and it is it is what it is. And yes we want to go back to Ohio all our families in Ohio we want to go back. We even talked about like driving there and like camping for two weeks to like self you know like to but it seems like a lot of work
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's I
SPEAKER_L: and if it rains.
SPEAKER_R: I had the same idea like early on I was like well if I'm going to be off work for several months and you know I work for a travel company but then when I was researching ways to do it like this just doesn't make sense and I'm probably putting myself in the people around me at court risk and everything and this is really that's supposed to be a vacation or anything and it's a shame that we can't necessarily use the time better but there's you know things you can do at
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: home and zoom and stuff, you know I presume book club tomorrow and we're you know trying to find to connect with people and probably more likely to go to the book club if it's via zoom than necessarily like having a set like there's gonna be 10 people on it. When do we have time to get all 10 of us together, you know, schedules and stuff. So, but
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: complement
SPEAKER_L: good good things. Yeah because like the P. T. A. I. Kept saying why aren't we online why aren't we doing meetings also for people who are at work or have younger siblings or whatever that they can't actually physically come and they were like fighting me on it and we would have, you know the three People that are in charge of like two others, me and somebody else showing up at these meetings all year. And this year they have to do it zoom and we had like 261 participants. So it's like
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna quit.
SPEAKER_L: this is the way to do it guys, people will be there.
SPEAKER_R: I'm hoping I know everybody is going to be very tired of zoom and like, you know, video chatting by the end of it. But I'm hoping there's things like that that will stay in place to kind of as we go back to whatever normal is or what a new normal is going to look like, you know, post because I feel like there's still gonna be a lot of stuff that's changed that there's ways to make certain things more inclusive or to, you know, coming from the theater world obviously, you know, Hamilton was a big thing and I understand it's it's very difficult and that that show being such a phenomenon. They knew they would make the money back after they spent a lot of money to film in right
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and stuff. Not every show is going to be able to do that, but maybe some will think about that more in the future so that more people can see stuff that just don't lift, spend a lot of money to new york because I do that every year to see some shows and stuff and it's a lot and I say for it and I understand like why some people can't so ways to make certain things like that, more inclusive, more accessible to people. I don't think this has shown us a lot, even something like obviously your husband, me a musician and again, there's maybe not as much money in it, but I've seen like, again, like they were doing, it was actually a driving concert um people showing up their cars, but then they should be one of those events. So it's like, it could be a way once concerts are really think and some place some people do it, but it's like, you know, I think feel like inside of the big big bands and not smaller artists, but maybe smaller artists
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: can get involved in like streaming their shows after the fact, even if it's like a year later, something that brings back revenue for people who don't live near big cities or can't get to big cities for a show.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I think there is going to be a lot of good and I think medically the what we're learning through the process is going to be some amazing things to
SPEAKER_R: I actually really like that. She was I've talked with my mom about I used to be the type of person who would never take a day off unless I'm dying. And once or twice where I like went to work and my boss was like, yeah, you need to go home because
SPEAKER_L: come home.
SPEAKER_R: you your goals and stuff and never again. And I got because it's not fair to the people around you. I mean, I actually already worked from home in this role beforehand, which was nice and stuff, but and that was actually, we were kind of a split like a couple days remote and then a couple of days in the office until our office lease that we want. Oh, but there was a time where I, one of my coworkers was pregnant and I wasn't feeling well one day and I didn't think it was anything major, but I'm like, I can work from home, I have my computer here. There's not no urgent meeting or something in the office. And like my boss and she's like, stay home. We don't wanna bring anything to jess, you know, and stuff like I hope I'm hoping people will think more about that in the future and be more considerate of people around them. and so
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And labour laws need to change to support, you know the lower wage type jobs were getting
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: taking
SPEAKER_R: they can
SPEAKER_L: off
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: hurt them or
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: because that's where what I saw here is to me it started out kind of being the rich person's disease because people who travel that were kind of be
SPEAKER_R: immediately, all those rich people immediately stopped going anywhere, stayed home, got groceries delivered. And that was like something I was explaining to my mama like she's like, you know, they keep saying it's like poor people are getting sicker people similar and stuff and I'm like, yes mom because if I had worked in marketing for toothpaste or different field, I'd be working consistently every day. And so I wouldn't have to leave my house except to go to the store. And if I still had a job maybe you know, I would you know pay for grocery delivery, everything. And a lot of those people don't have the opportunity plus they live in, you know, I'm is my first year actually living alone. I've had rooms all this time and
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: I was it it adds to the lonely less a little bit. But also I'm very happy to have my own space and I have to worry about the,
SPEAKER_L: Other
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: people's
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: voices.
SPEAKER_R: the people I've lived with generally have been good but you never know and stuff like that. Um But there's other people who because they are blower income, lower opportunity, maybe they're living in a bigger family group if one person gets sick. It's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: They all yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think this is where families really quickly. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. So that's why I hope that they get some things in place that you know if you are a grocery worker you get so much time and you're encouraged
SPEAKER_R: basically
SPEAKER_L: to stay home
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: himself.
SPEAKER_L: you're sick and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: but with with Covid, so we have auto immune up the wing whatever, so and there's not really a lot of knowledge or help or support with it unless you get into the specialists and pay the big money and um I just think that's the thing that's going to come out of this is some great research and auto immune diseases Because if uh um, so the originally way back in March, I belong to a celiac group and um, they were looking for plasma donation. Like, you know, what can I do with this? I got to get it out. So I joined this survivor core group on facebook of Covid people and I thought, well I can paste and the only way you can paste, you know, if you joined. So I joined, put it up there. This group is the most is so informative. You just want to learn about what it is.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: it's like for people? Yeah I've seen some of the posts and things on facebook actually was interested I took and it's kind of in my back pocket. I don't think it's a job I would like to do all day but it seems like it will be one in demand for a while is there's a free course on learning how to contact trace. Thank you certificate. And then if you apply for one of those jobs you can be like I've watched this, it was like a six part video segment and stuff. So you learn about the virus and that it's like very eye opening and very much reminded me up as much as I want to go back to the movies are you know, learn how to make banana bread and I really need to go back to the tune because of that. Like it's better for the next few months just keep staying home and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But if I was gonna say this group is their their uh, their long haulers because what's happening with Covid is the after effects is tremendous and people aren't being recognized that it's, you know, anxiety was the thing the doctors were telling. Now, You're just afraid. You're just afraid and no, I mean these are real things
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and it's
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: it's they're getting the news coverage now. They're getting you know, things that are I guess
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: a clinic opened up in new york I believe specifically for the effects after Covid like just to treat the heart problems, the lung problems, the vein problems, the vascular system is destroyed and if quite amazing. So,
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've seen some of that on twitter and a little bit in the tribune and I think that's one thing people are kind of missing where they're like oh the death rates falling and oh it's only older people or people are predicting existing conditions that die and it's like no, this could leave you really messed up for like, the rest of your life and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: stuff. You weren't before. Like, you end up with a long problem for a, for a kidney problem
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: for lunch. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know that even if you have good insurance, the hospital bills and stuff, if you have to be hospitalized stuff is something that nobody really wants to have to deal with or,
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: current,
SPEAKER_R: know, develop a long term case. Like, that's something where, you know, our medical, really, it doesn't do great with people who have like long prolonged illnesses and stuff and helping them and supporting them. So it's like, really, it's not just like a life, you're while chance you're gonna die. It's a lot bigger chance that you're going to have something that might mess up your life. It, I think so,
SPEAKER_L: That that information needs to get out there though. That's the part that I think is the missing piece that they have to realize that it's just not yeah, you're down for two weeks and most people get over. It's beyond that. And People need to be aware of it because it's just like when 9-11, you know, the medical needs of everybody that helped will
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: be the rest of
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: their lives. And we didn't address it correctly. We didn't support it correctly. I mean it was wrong it's wrong that we didn't take care of those people better and but that's the other good thing. So you need to write about this. You
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: could be the voice
SPEAKER_R: they need to go, maybe I need to try to get back into writing.
SPEAKER_L: glogg alise. Well it was very nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: It was nice to meet you as well. I hope you guys uh stay safe from fires and everything that's going on there. Otherwise I hope things you start to improve and then it cools down. That's the one I have friends out in L. A. And I've always, I'm very into like film and entertainment and so like in the back of my mind, it's always been interesting to me, but I'm like, I don't know if I could do those hot temperatures.
SPEAKER_L: Well no
SPEAKER_R: Of course. I'm also When it's negative 50 here in the winter.
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: I'm also like
SPEAKER_L: gonna say i it's it's not very often that it gets this hot and it it is a difference between the humidity and the dry heat. It really
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: truly is a difference. Um But yeah the snow and cold. I'm so glad it's gone.
SPEAKER_R: that's what my mom has got in florida from michigan
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's right. That's right. We'll
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: come visit when it's all over.
SPEAKER_R: So I think that's one thing I would like to do more of is traveling and stuff when this is over the experience. This was actually gonna be the year since it was my 30th. I was like, maybe I'll go to like London to see some theater. Like because I've only ever been Canada, which doesn't count, especially if you like you finish again. It's closer than most states are. So I was like, oh, I was gonna do a, or maybe do like a visit some friends in California and do like a big week long like road trip or something, a
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: couple different things and thankfully it hasn't gotten very far in planning anything before. Yeah, lose money, everything. But we'll have to plan a big trip to celebrate. Thank you. Getting
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: better.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I think so too. You deserve so.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Well, good luck. And that's you
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: and your family and everything and
SPEAKER_L: Youtube?
SPEAKER_R: have a great
SPEAKER_L: All right take care. Bye
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: bye. I don't know how to stop.
SPEAKER_R: I think if you just exit and then go back to the survey, there's some questions to fill out.