Right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Hello?
You can hear me Right, okay. Well my name is Kathy
hi jennifer. And
yes, where are you? Where are you from? Are you?
And a okay. All right. Ben to Chicago many times and from Ohio but we live in California now, so
so
you are a michigan fan?
So are you a are you a student are you?
And
this
what's a boy or girl
harder?
Well
You're you're everything? Uh
How long have you had her?
I think
that.
Hi
there. Hi that's a new voice. She's like
well so I am a homemaker because I home school my son who last year and we did get him into a high school. Um so he's a freshman last year, so now I'm looking but with all this going on, not
finding any anything other than risk your life and work at the grocery store kind of job. So
34
months
you are
you never
wow.
And
Right. Right. Right. And I think that's that's a huge part of this. Is that yeah, we're taking a different approach to everything because like, you know, my husband's a musician. So of course there's nothing nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
all right.
Remember.
now right now, unless you can come up with a way, so like, so I shouldn't say there's nothing the like he went to somebody's back porch and they did three people, you know, and live
screamed it. Okay. So that doesn't bring in the big box, I mean,
I think that's
Yeah. Yeah. No, I know there's a lot, a lot to balance here and you I don't know, maybe it's a good thing because you re think about some things maybe where it was headed and you're now finding what's important and I don't know. So I think it can be a good outcome to, I mean you have a very positive attitude towards all this, but like you said, you're a saver so that helps not feel.
but
What?
Well,
Well, Chicago with you having also the rioting aspect to this is probably changes what you want to do or not do too. I mean
what?
No.
What?
Well,
look,
I mean it's our freedom that's against us. We you know, people are protesting their rights about and to me this is this is common sense that when they won't want you to stay home and do all the things just do it because it's just common sense and it's not there's no there shouldn't be any political.
Exactly. I don't I I
don't get
that
part of our country and why we're fighting that to me and it just it's sad to me.
What?
L. A. Were bad.
two.
No.
You
know.
You know, and I think that's the other thing that if you watch how this all happened in United States, the differences between each state. It, you know, you just think the federal government is the rule. But really the the state governor means so much in the local mayors and I'm thinking I never really put much thought into the local elections and stuff. I never really,
you
know, it's really, really,
really something I should think about because I don't
like what our mayor is doing and how he's doing choices and whatever. So I mean, it's like, well now,
that's
true,
that's true.
No.
Yeah, no, I agree. And the other, the other thing too is the division of power between the state and the, which, you know, you never had that emphasize and now you can see why decisions are being made and who really is in charge of making those decisions and again, you know, not something we really saw before. I paid attention. I remember,
you know, the Venn diagram of the state local and you know, but you know, so well, but
it is.
There's
and there's fires here in L. A. That you know, there are times when the wind blows and we get, you know the ash and the whatever with it. I mean it depends and hopefully, I mean right now they just declared emergency yesterday because we're
at 100 and 10 degree weather.
So.
It
is.
Yeah. I know. Um well with journalism, I mean not that I want to get into any debating, but what I mean from your point of view, the change of journalism in the last even 10 years of how things are being presented or um because like you said, you know, you you before you didn't seem like you had to follow things, the big things were always presented and now it seems like you've got to hunt for information.
But
Was.
True.
So,
but when you say that, is it because I mean I'm, I take it that the reason this extreme opinion type of information is being put in there because they're just desperate to be noticed like
it.
Yeah. Well there there's the marketing is you explain all that and start,
absolutely.
Thanks.
But
18, 18, 18, 18, 19 year.
Well, do you think because of the internet people are not able to self entertain I guess is I don't know if that's the right word, but to some extent it is, I mean like back and I grew up in, in rural Ohio and you know we didn't have cable. You know you went outside and you made up games and you you you occupy yourself all day long
and
What
I remember that day
I don't think he was a lot. I don't think he could have I don't think the constitution allows him to make that kind of rule to stay. Right. That's that's what I'm saying that that the differentiation between the rights of the powers is amazing
to me.
I think they would have rebelled though too. I mean that's what I'm seeing the rebellion still. I mean here the rebellion against everything is just you know definitely two sides opinions here and there's nothing you can do about it when they when they okayed the writing or the protesting the urgency of the virus became in the background. And once they allowed one group they all said well screw it. Why am I staying home? I might as well go out and you know.
Well
it is it is but you know we've had
to reinvent.
Yeah. Yeah but that um but I just think the urgency was lost is what happened because you know are the rate who's getting it right now is 20 to 40 year olds. Um I wonder who was out. I wonder who's out and about that.
no. Any of it. Oh any of it? Any any of it?
Yeah. Well I I don't I don't know much about that michigan governor. I don't hear good things about her. I don't
know.
I have friends that yeah I have friends there and they
she's
she has her rules and they you have to pile on. But she does her own thing. Kind of real person.
Yeah. No, I had a friend's dad who had Covid and they know hospital would admit him. They had to go to three hospitals. Finally got in. But he died. It was,
you know, if the first hospital could have taken him and done the right things, who knows? I mean, I don't know
where
what?
No,
I agree.
Absolutely.
Absolutely. No, that was the right decision at that time. Absolutely. Yeah. But
you know, and
we did it and we did it. We should have celebrated that. We did it as a country.
Yeah. But see like here nothing's been open. We we've had restaurants open for less than a week and they close them right back down. The barber shops aren't open. The gyms aren't open unless you take it all outside. So our hope we don't have an opening and our cases are going up in, our death rates going up so it doesn't make sense. It's like we're
not
able to
do
anything and why are we still seeing
numbers?
Yeah. Oh, I know that, that irritates me and they're going, I feel bad. I was, I know of like four people that went to like Montana and because there's not wasn't bad up there and then you see in the summer there rates like went totally way. I was like, yeah, they
should
All
You make the best of it
well and I feel that's our duty I guess. I feel like why, why, you know, I of course I want to go do all those things, but you know, I think the bigger picture and it's just right now it's a little blip in time that we're gonna do this and make the best of it and move on. I mean yeah we've had lots of plans canceled for the summer and it is it is what it is. And yes we want to go back to Ohio all our families in Ohio we want to go back. We even talked about like driving there and like camping for two weeks to like self you know like to but it seems like a lot of work
and if it rains.
What?
No
there's
good good things. Yeah because like the P. T. A. I. Kept saying why aren't we online why aren't we doing meetings also for people who are at work or have younger siblings or whatever that they can't actually physically come and they were like fighting me on it and we would have, you know the three People that are in charge of like two others, me and somebody else showing up at these meetings all year. And this year they have to do it zoom and we had like 261 participants. So it's like
this is the way to do it guys, people will be there.
Mhm.
What?
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I think there is going to be a lot of good and I think medically the what we're learning through the process is going to be some amazing things to
come home.
Yes. And labour laws need to change to support, you know the lower wage type jobs were getting
taking
off
hurt them or
because that's where what I saw here is to me it started out kind of being the rich person's disease because people who travel that were kind of be
True.
Other
people's
voices.
They all yeah.
Right. Yeah. So that's why I hope that they get some things in place that you know if you are a grocery worker you get so much time and you're encouraged
to stay home
if
you're sick and yeah,
but with with Covid, so we have auto immune up the wing whatever, so and there's not really a lot of knowledge or help or support with it unless you get into the specialists and pay the big money and um I just think that's the thing that's going to come out of this is some great research and auto immune diseases Because if uh um, so the originally way back in March, I belong to a celiac group and um, they were looking for plasma donation. Like, you know, what can I do with this? I got to get it out. So I joined this survivor core group on facebook of Covid people and I thought, well I can paste and the only way you can paste, you know, if you joined. So I joined, put it up there. This group is the most is so informative. You just want to learn about what it is.
Just
But if I was gonna say this group is their their uh, their long haulers because what's happening with Covid is the after effects is tremendous and people aren't being recognized that it's, you know, anxiety was the thing the doctors were telling. Now, You're just afraid. You're just afraid and no, I mean these are real things
and it's
it's they're getting the news coverage now. They're getting you know, things that are I guess
a clinic opened up in new york I believe specifically for the effects after Covid like just to treat the heart problems, the lung problems, the vein problems, the vascular system is destroyed and if quite amazing. So,
That's
All
Yeah.
The
current,
That that information needs to get out there though. That's the part that I think is the missing piece that they have to realize that it's just not yeah, you're down for two weeks and most people get over. It's beyond that. And People need to be aware of it because it's just like when 9-11, you know, the medical needs of everybody that helped will
be the rest of
their lives. And we didn't address it correctly. We didn't support it correctly. I mean it was wrong it's wrong that we didn't take care of those people better and but that's the other good thing. So you need to write about this. You
could be the voice
glogg alise. Well it was very nice meeting you.
Well no
I was
gonna say i it's it's not very often that it gets this hot and it it is a difference between the humidity and the dry heat. It really
truly is a difference. Um But yeah the snow and cold. I'm so glad it's gone.
Yeah that's right. That's right. We'll
come visit when it's all over.
What?
Well
yeah I think so too. You deserve so.
What
Youtube?
All right take care. Bye
bye. I don't know how to stop.