Hi there
I'm jennifer.
Thanks. Nice to see Major,
I am in Chicago.
I grew up in michigan, so
been Ohio
more or less, I went to Northwestern, so really kind of a like that when it's good for people I know, but you know. Yeah.
Uh, no, I actually just turned 30 this year. Um, so I normally work at Marriott hotels, but unfortunately been on furlough for the last several months. Is everything going on? Uh, so just sort of spending time,
the job's hanging out a
little bit, figuring out what's going to happen next. So to reflect my dog is trying to join us.
she's a girl, her
name is Obi, she was jumping at the chair so she doesn't like to be excluded from
conference calls. Things that
yeah,
just over three years and she was about, we think once when I first, so she'll be four ish october.
She's
a rescue. So not totally sure. But girl say hi, now
get the screen.
so what do you do?
It's it's the
yeah, unfortunately that's kind of where you are and I'm lucky enough that I'm fairly good
about saving
money and stuff and so I'm not I don't feel super pressure
to immediately take something, especially I'm going to probably find
out Tuesday whether or not have to but kind of negative because a bunch of executives and managers all just took out to buy up, retire uh
a little bit, you know, nerve wracking. But I think, you know at the end of the day, you know, I'll figure out something through it will be fine and
I know it's knowing that so many other people are going through it the same thing makes it somewhat, well it can be hard, but you know, it's knowing it's it's nothing I did uh did.
Yes, I worked before he worked for Mary and I worked for a theatre company for seven years
college and then doing marketing for the theater and I still have plenty of friends who work there and everything are in different parts of the industry and obviously it's uh you know terrible for them right now because I can't you just can't have something with Iran is I wish I could like you know, be going back and I've been trying to watch like tape recordings of
like live just because you know, it's something I'm missing. Honestly, I think I prefer I do something like that in the hotel industry but obviously there's nothing to go back to you there right now.
Thanks.
exactly. I've seen a couple, there's an artist I like you did that and the time, I mean I've seen concert you know times, but it's kind of, you know, is doing it and actually a friend's theater company is doing an old performance and it's a benefit, their nonprofit. And so I'll probably watch. But yeah, it's not quite the same and nobody is really making money from it. They're just trying to find ideas to stay afloat and also just stay in the conversation I think because
if you're away from the, you know, spotlight or you're, you're not top of mind for things, you know, uh, somebody who works the marketing, you know, that's the hardest be away for too long and stuff.
Try and get one as somebody who primarily likes to, you know, go to theater. I love going to the movies or a sports fan and stuff like that. It's like not a ton of stuff for me to spend money on
right now. That's the, so I don't feel like, you know, having to miss out and going, even though we've got restaurants that are open for patio and outdoor dining, I just haven't felt like it's really worth doing it. I've been trying to do take out occasionally for some places
that are local that I want to help. Hopefully this, uh, one of my favorite places actually is not reopening, which it makes sense because they're downtown
office buildings and nobody's working in offices and stuff. Um but it's not like I have to feel like I have to sit home on a saturday night when my friends are going out to do something because there's nothing to go out and do.
It really, because I'm not actually, I've only been downtown once
in the last five months, which is crazy. And I actually walked because I didn't want to take public transit and I'm like, I've got all day that's good, you know, good exercise with the gym club for the gym is open, but I had them put my member because back any time soon uh everything. So it's been a little bit removed and stuff because it's not right in the neighborhood. There were always going in and that was very weird because I was at the grocery store and they were acting some marches that to be very peaceful um happening that night, but places were like boarding up as I was in the store and you know, getting ready. So that, that
was very uh back. But there's a lot going
on and there's a lot of problems and hopefully we can just do our best to try to band together and work to fix things, get things back on track after we get through the virus. And just, and it just, it's a little disappointing to uh, know that like other places in the world have it under control and when something starts to happen that is like, oh, we have 10 new cases were shutting all everything down again until you get under control. And it's like we have thousands and thousands of cases a day, but we're still just letting people go about
going to bars and stuff. It's, it's difficult and I know we're a huge, a
huge country in, you know, a very diverse population may be compared to some places. But I just, I was talking to a friend and I was like when we were, this was all happening in March did not expect to still be sitting here in august and everything. Right.
Massacre annoying. But they're helpful and you've got to go to the store. I'm more than happy to put one. I mean, even every time I take the dog out getting up in anybody's faces or something, I'm still wearing my mask just in case you, you can at least other dogs and some of my neighbors that I know and so protect them, protect myself.
It
doesn't
seem.
And I think one of the issues is because you can go so easily place the place. It's like, you see like, you know, for us in Chicago, it was fairly bad in like april and May and then it's gotten was more under control and unified. But we looking back up
in other cases are starting to go back up again and I didn't see. But the governor I think is speaking this afternoon because we're kind of trending and the wrong. I'm not sure where you are in California. I know there were, you know,
yeah, Northern California was really bad in the beginning, but I think that I've got it down a little bit, so it's hard with those things and that's actually one of the things they've kind of been talking about with the changes that are happening in my job because we have, I work in the midwest region,
I was hotels in Illinois, it's in michigan Ohio and um
and it's going to be difficult in the next two years for them to figure out like, you know the people are maybe
visiting
Seattle more because Seattle is okay or people are visiting florida more even though for not okay you can go to florida. Um So it's hard to like have a national team, like I have a coworker who worked on our team for two years and then her husband got a job in uh san Francisco last year. So she transferred out to like the Western team. So it's like you know her hotels might be experiencing completely different problem. Thanks.
But
they're
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I hope everybody takes that as a lesson from everything and just there really is no matter how you vote or where you support it's important to you know, learn more about the issues and that's something I've done the last couple years because I feel like before I graduated college I definitely don't like presidential elections but I didn't really necessarily
do have people election and I didn't, you put a list of judges in front of me and I take some names or something. So like the last like that I've been trying to find there's there's so much it's so much easier now that we have the internet
can it said
like this is what this judge, you know,
groups that support them, whether it's you or women's liberty or whatever. Um, so I think a lot easier not these resources and hopefully people will continue to take advantage of them and
it,
your mind has been, you got caught up in your, your life and then, you know, just actually that's the one thing I missed is it's, I feel like I've always kind of like I studied journalism in school, so it's like, you know, I've always had to kind of, you know, we had to pay attention in the newspaper what was going on in the world. But I kind of liked when I didn't necessarily have to worry about, okay, just, you know, go to your job and you needed to do or handle your family and be like Things are okay if something big happens, I'll find out about it. But I don't have to be following every single little crisis 2020 has been that, I don't know. I saw you guys last weekend are more the northern part of the state, but like fire tornadoes and stuff. So it's like not even just the virus, but it's all these other kinds that are,
but
they,
as
I saw
something actually last week we had the biggest, um, tornadoes with, I know I woke up at least like that. I feel like I didn't see much, but I just happen to know some friends who from the region being so close. Oh my and so, but you know, it was very strange. Like walking around here. I've never seen trees come down in Chicago and there's quite a few of my neighborhood, thankfully everything was, you know, relatively mild and stuff. It's strange time all around
whether it's the weather,
politics, the virus, the economy.
Yeah. Or that there's too much and it's overload and people miss stuff or you become desensitized to stuff that's going on almost because it feels like it's another crisis or another problem. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like part of it, part of it,
I feel like it's the internet and part of it maybe is a little bit my gender migration to growing up on the internet and learn because it's something that hit me. My, one of my best friends from high school, I'm still very close with agree with a lot sort of posted something that was, makes me a little bit on facebook and I'm trying to not get into facebook arguments anymore because that has been something that I never feel better when
I do this. But like I should have been like I work in marketing, so I really didn't believe a facebook account because you know,
social media marketing is also I want to get rid of my facebook account for many of the reasons that have to do the media and things like that. But it was something like, you know, like Fox News and the Daily Beast, some certain like a lot of right wing sites are very when you do google and you can open them, you can go and get whatever content they're presenting. But then there's places like the Washington coast or new york times
that you might hit the paywall or something and like articles are you know behind, but it's like if you're going to those sites enough that you're Getting the Paywall, you should like support quality journalism because of all this. I subscribe to describe what you're being for the first time, eight bucks a month. Make it work even with, I'm not working and stuff. And I feel we've got it away because people like when I grew up, we got the paper delivered to, you know, our home and I read the comics and maybe the sports second or something as a 10 year old who likes baseball and stuff. So we better and used to, I think some of the sites that are a lot more polarized, the sites that are free and more available in people's faces. But we also have to realize that like quality journalism, one of the reasons I didn't really go into journalism is seeing all the changes that happened and it's a very difficult field to get into and to make a living off of working and stuff. And so that's why marketing was a little bit use some of those same skills, but it's from the inside and seems more stable at the time of coronavirus. Uh
Well, yeah,
exactly. Well, and that's why and the those are the sites that are, you know, they're keeping it free because they're they're hunting for clicks and it clicks of that. I feel like those, some of those, if those sites went behind to pay all the people who are really devoted for them would probably pay for them anyway. But it just like seeing that attitude by my friend who is somebody who's, you know, very smart, well educated, understands these things and that she like re posted this tweet I like almost wanted to get into it didn't just because it's like, well somebody has to pay for it, especially these days because it's like, you know, mary has not really advertising much, Nobody in entertainment is that, you know, the movies have been pretty much shut down, no new movies coming out for five months and stuff. So like all these newspapers are hurting even more than they already were with like revenue down because there's nobody buying ads and if nobody's buying ads in order to employ people and do the get done to get quality journalism and make sure that you know you're presenting the facts and getting in the real story, it's got the money has to come from it from somewhere. So complaining about hitting a payroll if you're reading the new york times enough and it's normally like 5 to 10 stories, you're hitting a paywall there maybe invested a subscription in the new york times like.
Yeah but then it's gonna be like well but that doesn't solve the problem of Googling and the other one is free people I think are going
to go to, it's like that's free that
might have you know, more biased information or not be presenting
the facts and that, but we also have to be, you know, if we're going to be an informed democracy, you know, we have to support the work that goes into creating that. So I don't know if they're correct. I think the internet is great. Obviously as I was talking about, you know, it gives us more access to information about voting in local elections or so many other things or heck I can stream, you know Hamilton has every room or do so many things that you know, thinking about what what did they do during the flu epidemic of 1918, like 1970,
trump keeps saying one of the wrong one and then I'm like oh no, I've got a But yeah, 1918 it's like, you know, we've got compared to that we have so many more luxuries yet we couldn't make staying at home really work for the time that it would have taken.
it's
that's maybe that's some of it and maybe that's me being biased knowing, you know, growing up in suburban Detroit and I was just spending the last decade in Chicago area and stuff of I never I've never had not had access to really quality internet since internet started. Obviously it's a lot quicker these days than it was when
I had dial up. And my mom would always be kicking off to use the phone
I get to have a full line of my own. Um And but and I uh yeah that that's maybe one of the problems, you know, structural problem that we need to to make sure that there are rural, rural areas are able to get that same access and stuff because maybe, you know, it's harder there. And I understand that there are places like in the beginning that didn't go into full lockdown because the virus wasn't as bad in those roars and new york and L. A. And Seattle, you know, America because we have such easy interstate travel. Of course, if you're if you don't have those restrictions there, the virus is not going to stay put because to me, so it needed to be a federal, you know, coordinated effort. And it
I think,
I think if the federal government had taken a firmer stance though, the states would have followed, but the states were following him. And
yeah, but I mean my argument would be there that protesting for basic civil rights is a lot of different things. Going to a bar to get a beer.
No.
And
the protest and the studies of the protests because of mass and social distancing and being outdoors were a lot different than the risk of the virus there, that they weren't really seeing as spreading events compared to people having house parties and stuff now that you and see now, you know, everybody's like, You know, of course if you put college kids, you know, college kids have to be more responsible, but if you put a group of college kids, 1920 year olds on a campus, they're going to have parties and now you've got a break, you gotta move classes online. So, you know, there's places of clearly we've seen people can't necessarily akin to that personal responsibility, so somebody has to step in and stuff.
But I mean there's also the there were protests in michigan and some of the other places, you know, the month before where people were wielding automatic weapons and not, you know, getting any pushback.
And the press, the president was encouraging those if the president had been saying free Virginia, free michigan.
I
have a wonderful thing from my friends who actually lived there and that she
no,
no.
Oh no. She got they were under what their hospitals were underwater and her putting in those restrictions made it especially like, you know, my grandmother lives within my aunt's who's in northern uh the northern part of the state and stuff. And if people have started rushing up there to go to their cabins or whatnot, they don't have that kind of infrastructure. And actually my I would talk to man on sunday and they had the people who are getting sick. We're going to the restaurants as the tourists go to um in her out and stuff because the locals are still staying home and doing stuff. But they're having problems up there with people who are forced to are bringing the virus up there.
No.
Yeah, it's
hard.
But I mean that's the whole problem that people understand and you know, I get
nobody.
I don't, I don't want my job to go away and my job, you know, probably going away permanently and stuff. But it's like if if we didn't shut things down and we over in the hospital of the economy
was going to, that's not the way. So it's like,
she said
that
and said opening early, getting our beers and going to the gym and belonging everyone's pain.
I
just,
I
mean,
is
a PPD people not staying home. People going to other people's homes. I guess graduation. I saw a lot of graduation parties. I've been seeing people on social media posts, like vacation pictures and all that kind of stuff that I'm like, what, what, what
it's tough
and I mean I get it. I live, you know, I live by myself. My mom is in florida, I have a little bit of family back in michigan stuff, but like I I saw my mom last year for thanksgiving and you know, I've already talked to her, she wanted from up here and then obviously we just wasn't a good idea that I wanted to go down there. It's not a good
idea except grandmother is down there too and she's, you know, 91 it has health issues and stuff, so it's like, it doesn't make sense and we're all kind of bummed that can't see each other, but
you eat the best of it. So.
Yeah, that's I
I had the same idea like early on I was like well if I'm going to be off work for several months and you know I work for a travel company but then when I was researching ways to do it like this just doesn't make sense and I'm probably putting myself in the people around me at court risk and everything and this is really that's supposed to be a vacation or anything and it's a shame that we can't necessarily use the time better but there's you know things you can do at
home and zoom and stuff, you know I presume book club tomorrow and we're you know trying to find to connect with people and probably more likely to go to the book club if it's via zoom than necessarily like having a set like there's gonna be 10 people on it. When do we have time to get all 10 of us together, you know, schedules and stuff. So, but
this
complement
I'm gonna quit.
I'm hoping I know everybody is going to be very tired of zoom and like, you know, video chatting by the end of it. But I'm hoping there's things like that that will stay in place to kind of as we go back to whatever normal is or what a new normal is going to look like, you know, post because I feel like there's still gonna be a lot of stuff that's changed that there's ways to make certain things more inclusive or to, you know, coming from the theater world obviously, you know, Hamilton was a big thing and I understand it's it's very difficult and that that show being such a phenomenon. They knew they would make the money back after they spent a lot of money to film in right
and stuff. Not every show is going to be able to do that, but maybe some will think about that more in the future so that more people can see stuff that just don't lift, spend a lot of money to new york because I do that every year to see some shows and stuff and it's a lot and I say for it and I understand like why some people can't so ways to make certain things like that, more inclusive, more accessible to people. I don't think this has shown us a lot, even something like obviously your husband, me a musician and again, there's maybe not as much money in it, but I've seen like, again, like they were doing, it was actually a driving concert um people showing up their cars, but then they should be one of those events. So it's like, it could be a way once concerts are really think and some place some people do it, but it's like, you know, I think feel like inside of the big big bands and not smaller artists, but maybe smaller artists
can get involved in like streaming their shows after the fact, even if it's like a year later, something that brings back revenue for people who don't live near big cities or can't get to big cities for a show.
I actually really like that. She was I've talked with my mom about I used to be the type of person who would never take a day off unless I'm dying. And once or twice where I like went to work and my boss was like, yeah, you need to go home because
you your goals and stuff and never again. And I got because it's not fair to the people around you. I mean, I actually already worked from home in this role beforehand, which was nice and stuff, but and that was actually, we were kind of a split like a couple days remote and then a couple of days in the office until our office lease that we want. Oh, but there was a time where I, one of my coworkers was pregnant and I wasn't feeling well one day and I didn't think it was anything major, but I'm like, I can work from home, I have my computer here. There's not no urgent meeting or something in the office. And like my boss and she's like, stay home. We don't wanna bring anything to jess, you know, and stuff like I hope I'm hoping people will think more about that in the future and be more considerate of people around them. and so
so
they can
take
absolutely.
immediately, all those rich people immediately stopped going anywhere, stayed home, got groceries delivered. And that was like something I was explaining to my mama like she's like, you know, they keep saying it's like poor people are getting sicker people similar and stuff and I'm like, yes mom because if I had worked in marketing for toothpaste or different field, I'd be working consistently every day. And so I wouldn't have to leave my house except to go to the store. And if I still had a job maybe you know, I would you know pay for grocery delivery, everything. And a lot of those people don't have the opportunity plus they live in, you know, I'm is my first year actually living alone. I've had rooms all this time and
I was it it adds to the lonely less a little bit. But also I'm very happy to have my own space and I have to worry about the,
I
think
the people I've lived with generally have been good but you never know and stuff like that. Um But there's other people who because they are blower income, lower opportunity, maybe they're living in a bigger family group if one person gets sick. It's yeah,
I think this is where families really quickly. So
basically
it
himself.
Absolutely.
What
it's like for people? Yeah I've seen some of the posts and things on facebook actually was interested I took and it's kind of in my back pocket. I don't think it's a job I would like to do all day but it seems like it will be one in demand for a while is there's a free course on learning how to contact trace. Thank you certificate. And then if you apply for one of those jobs you can be like I've watched this, it was like a six part video segment and stuff. So you learn about the virus and that it's like very eye opening and very much reminded me up as much as I want to go back to the movies are you know, learn how to make banana bread and I really need to go back to the tune because of that. Like it's better for the next few months just keep staying home and yeah,
that's
it.
and
yeah I've seen some of that on twitter and a little bit in the tribune and I think that's one thing people are kind of missing where they're like oh the death rates falling and oh it's only older people or people are predicting existing conditions that die and it's like no, this could leave you really messed up for like, the rest of your life and
stuff. You weren't before. Like, you end up with a long problem for a, for a kidney problem
for lunch. Um,
you know that even if you have good insurance, the hospital bills and stuff, if you have to be hospitalized stuff is something that nobody really wants to have to deal with or,
you
know, develop a long term case. Like, that's something where, you know, our medical, really, it doesn't do great with people who have like long prolonged illnesses and stuff and helping them and supporting them. So it's like, really, it's not just like a life, you're while chance you're gonna die. It's a lot bigger chance that you're going to have something that might mess up your life. It, I think so,
It
and
maybe
they need to go, maybe I need to try to get back into writing.
It was nice to meet you as well. I hope you guys uh stay safe from fires and everything that's going on there. Otherwise I hope things you start to improve and then it cools down. That's the one I have friends out in L. A. And I've always, I'm very into like film and entertainment and so like in the back of my mind, it's always been interesting to me, but I'm like, I don't know if I could do those hot temperatures.
Of course. I'm also When it's negative 50 here in the winter.
I'm also like
that,
that's what my mom has got in florida from michigan
and
So I think that's one thing I would like to do more of is traveling and stuff when this is over the experience. This was actually gonna be the year since it was my 30th. I was like, maybe I'll go to like London to see some theater. Like because I've only ever been Canada, which doesn't count, especially if you like you finish again. It's closer than most states are. So I was like, oh, I was gonna do a, or maybe do like a visit some friends in California and do like a big week long like road trip or something, a
couple different things and thankfully it hasn't gotten very far in planning anything before. Yeah, lose money, everything. But we'll have to plan a big trip to celebrate. Thank you. Getting
better.
Absolutely. Well, good luck. And that's you
and your family and everything and
have a great
that
I think if you just exit and then go back to the survey, there's some questions to fill out.