Can you hear me
What?
Yeah, I can hear you
about now so often.
So how's it going? What's your name?
my name is Tyler
just last
week. So uh,
what do you do?
Oh, nice. What Insurance?
okay. Yeah. Elementary schools kind of when they're first learning out, so nothing too special. Actually played cello throughout my elementary to high school years. So
We throughout growing up there was only like one or two child players ever in orchestra. Everybody wanted to be a violin player. For some reason. We
had
like
30 30 violin players in two fellows and we had a trouble finding a bass player all the time. So all right. I don't know what it is about it, but Uh huh.
I'm
Oh, um, I'm a product worker for
an engineering company. So, um, how, what's the split you see between kind of like the band instruments, like saxophone, trumpet versus like the classical instruments,
Like,
yeah, like split lives like, extra cent of people normally play like band stuff and the other one's plate orchestra stuff.
I always found like the opposite for us.
Like, even in middle school high school, the band was always like 23 times bigger than the orchestra.
And I think for for us, it was more of the the band has like they did marching bands for like, the football games. So, like halftime shows and stuff like that. You know, more fun. Fine annoy But I don't know. I like where you're sure better. Right.
Do you have a favorite like, genre within like, orchestra? You'd like to play a video feed? Cut. I'm not sure if that's my internet. Could be
the video feed cut out. I can still hear you fine. Yes, I'll wait a couple minutes fruit to come back.
Yeah, I'm not sure. And shit is I'm sure, I'm sure it'll come back. I'm sure you can see if you can see me at least then they'll probably have a feat of you if I can
still hear you.
we had some pretty good diversification in our high school orchestra classes. Like we did like rock melody. Like we have our christmas concert was like one year was like a rock melody concert. So we did like uh video if you came back by the way. But uh we did uh stuff like like Rolling Stones or kind
of like
older classical but with an orbit from mixing and obviously and then we had couple players and also played like electric guitar and we did some trans Siberian orchestra stuff and
it was free pool and you know afterwards we did like our spring semester is normally focused around like jazz.
So we did a lot of that and I thought jazz was the most fun because it's kind of like you get into it more at least I did like you can kind of like feel the beat, feel the swing and it's
more
fun.
Well
that sounds really cool. Yeah I only we only got together like our orchestra and our band only like played one concert together like throughout the four years of of high school. And it was pretty cool like Beethoven Tchaikovsky stuff. It was pretty fun.
It was just really hard because the band was like two times bigger than the orchestra. So our teachers. Alright guys like you guys need just pretend everything is. It's because we don't we don't want to be loud. Yeah.
Gordon?
So do you play anything besides saxophone?
And well
art school, I think saxophone, saxophone probably like my favorite like of the band because it's present a lot and like jazz music and really swinging it. That's a lot of good flows.
I feel like a lot of music classes nowadays are kind of like dying out where there's not a lot as much participation as there was in the past couple of years. Is that something that you kind of noticed? Two or is it just kind of like my area?
I feel
like more private schools would kind of like force their kids to go into some type of music public school.
that's
that was my school, it was just competition. Like second half besides jazz. It was just all right focused on competition. Now. Focus on their site or even focus on this that doing
Yeah. Well I grew up in el paso so west texas doesn't have that much of the big music scene compared to like austin san Antonio Dallas area, so.
we had a lot of that and going towards like my end years of high school where a lot of programs are getting cut. Uh and like uh like our freshman orchestra class has had to get with like the upperclassmen one. So it was a really big mix of like extreme, like novice people that are just doing a commercial for the first time with people that have been doing it for like seven years. So outside of music, what do you do for fun? Are being so
like that's a lot of music. It's go teaching, to go home practice.
Uh Any games you've been playing recently?
I've heard of it. I don't remember the context that I've
heard of it, but I heard
I
played
back and
Ashton's score is so good
and the narrator is so good in that game.
What are you doing your gaming on pc or is that like a console?
Sitting
here.
I want
to get
a switch only for animal crossing. Super smash brothers and I want to play super Mario odyssey to but and fire emblem. But there's so many switch games to play just happened. Got one unit.
I had I had to play that on the news. You know
I had to play that we when it came out because they did not but uh
I
I'm pretty torn on which my favorite
one is because my first was linked to the past and that was like three. I didn't remember really anything I met the first thing that I actually remember was probably offering a time and I played toilet princess after that one. And I like this style of twilight princess the best. But I just think like the design of ocarina of time just replayed it so many times. Watch
people speed around it. Pretty
That
was
so weird because for the first like two years that when liquor came up, everybody hated it there like this game cell shading so bad. But then once twilight princess you know people are like when like it was so good. It's like okay
the only thing I hated about thinking was just going back to the region's again like flying and flying thing was kind of stupid to there was nothing to do.
hey look at this obvious puzzle mechanic that you're about to do. It's like wow I had no idea. You have Eastern England. Uh
What about employing recently? Uh Right now I'm kind of away from home so I'm not near my PC. So I've been doing a lot more like mobile gaming, so like there's this game that just came out called the gentian Impact, which is, it's on pc PS
were in mobile. Do you know what I've got, you game is like G A C H. J. It's kind of like, they're bigger and more like the asian countries, but it's generally just kind of like a you have this like mechanic where you have to pull characters and you have like certain rarities and you can like in game gyms or spend money and you just kind of like a chance to get them.
But it's really, really a mobile game thing, but it's cool because it's kind of like a mix of that, but it's also a mix of like breath of the wild type mechanics where like you can climb. There's a lot of exploring to do.
There is pretty decent stories so far, it's pretty fun, but that
I've been playing League of Legends for like 10 years now, so uh
but
I played that probably for the first year it came out and then I think it was a little bit before Ash came out is when I stopped playing because it was just like the same things. The middle is really sale
To me, that game was only fun to play when I had at least like to other people to play with. But if I
was
playing it, so
I'm just like, I got to deal with these like five people playing DPS while there's no he alert, I got this again, be over here. That's not doing please. Yeah,
babbled in it and it's it's all right. People are kind of stupid.
Yeah. People leave because they're not imposter. And then and then you got people that are just like that won't listen to reason. It's like, okay,
it will just put one person will just say X. X. Color sauce and they're like, all right, well that Kobe and like, you know, they don't have to do anything. You can just say something. People just follow it. Yeah. Again, that's kind of similar to it. But has more like strategy to it. It's called Town of Salem and it's it's not like, you know, a five minute game. It's like a 30 40 minute game where like you have like task and there's like a lot more detail and strategy and discussion of like this is the way to get them have a
I think I think on Asylum is also a board game too. Do you play any other board games? Basically
lot of risk in Canton
because I haven't played any in quite a while.
Um I played some pandemic a while ago. That was pretty fun. That's a good kind of co op game. Not like arrogant cutthroat. Uh
There's this guy, I think it's called King of Tokyo where you're a bunch of like, you know like Godzilla and like these like super, I can't remember the name, the name of like the specific type of monsters, but it's like the super monsters and you're like, it's a dice rolling game and you can like attack, you get card, it's kind of like a strategy game and you have to get like 20 fights or whatever. And when that was pretty fun, deeply like card games, not like trading card games, but like there's just one called thing called smash up and it's like you have different decks of different archetypes and you combine two of them and you like almost kind of like a trading
card game, like back and forth, like a Ugo magic, the gathering type thing
and you. Yeah that was pretty cool. It's hard to explain show in the car.
I feel I feel like Coop games are definitely the way to go if you want to just like be more chill. Yeah like with Catan you'll have that one person that just like knows all the like strategy for Catan and it's like I'm not treating you any of my or I need this to build cities right? I haven't hopefully on or overheating. All right,
That sounds fun. Thank you some pretty fun. Oh I had something else in my head that I was gonna ask. I'm blanking on. Oh fandom. Do you have any like entertainment fandoms you like?
Probably just harry potter that nothing crazy.
I've been rewatching cory something. Just finished the first book two days ago and
2nd 2nd book it just gets so boring. I hate the stupid like water
it doesn't get good until like you seem for it right? I don't want to spoil anything.
It doesn't get good until they do like the avatar and stuff and then it kind of and then the season kind of gets a little bit better but I think the heat was probably like my favorite villain. Okay
he didn't
hold
everything.
Yeah I feel like not. Have you ever seen any of like the Naruto stuff? I don't know it's kind of the same way like there's like the original and there's like shit Putin which is like them like a couple years later. And it's just like the first season is just like whiny kids and like don't do anything cool. And in the second one they
actually start you know they start doing cool stuff because they have more moves and the world's fleshed out. It's better. Okay.
Well we drawing blanks now.
I
think
I think it's what? Yeah, I think it's like 30 30 2025
25 were probably like three minutes
off. All right. Do you do any of traveling for your classes?
What?
Yeah. The only real place I've been through outside the U. S. Is went to Egypt last year
with my fiance and that was pretty cool.
No,
no,
I wanted to go to ITaly this year but think Covid happened so.
No.
He was like all right. I'm not risking right.
Yeah. Well, I mean they did the proper thing at least where they shut down good and had actual good infrastructure. But I mean I feel like it's partially to do with just like they're a lot smaller and it's kind of a lot easier to coordinate something like that when trying to coordinate to me than the U. S. Is a little bit harder. But it's at least you know, doable. But yeah.
What
unnecessary politics in it is what? But
I did great. Uh huh. All right. Let's one more topic before just to make sure we're over time. Let's just do something simple. Favorite food.
Favorite
cuisine then.
But and there is a done a little bit.
I think
it's
pretty how you like your steak.
All right. A medium. Well, just because I don't trust restaurants to do rare, right? Because they think like rare is not cooked and like medium is rare. So, I get medium rare to get the actual medium that I want your medium well, but me probably growing up in el paso I haven't had a lot of really good mexican food, so probably mexican.
All right. Uh I think we have time or at 2 27 three things over the ingredients. Uh huh. That's 25 joined herds. Yeah, we should be good.
All
Let me see if it says anything Stanton treaties when your conversation is complete. Please return to this browser tab to continue patient. Mhm.
I think we're good at my time is at 28 minutes, so
I think we're good to close. All right.
talking to you.