mhm Yeah, yeah. Mhm Yeah, go back. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah.
Hey,
can you hear me?
Oh, okay, mm. Yeah.
I can hear you. Uh
My name's Caitlin, Yes,
tightly, let's meet
you.
Mhm
uh I mean my music teacher for elementary school,
um I teach saxophone, but I teach general music, so I kind of teach them everything.
So cool. Huh? Yeah, I really like the cello. Okay.
that
seems
to happen.
yeah, yeah. Really not
buying them for some reason. Yeah. So what are you doing?
I
Um What do you mean like for what people
like?
Um I mean, I know it's hard to say overall, but because band is played in sort of the same once you get into like college and stuff, it's all kind of the same ensembles, but orchestras bigger, so it kind of needs more people. Um
What?
Yeah, I think in public schools the bands tend to be a little bit bigger probably because it seems more fun. I mean I know because I actually played violin before when I was in elementary school, I played violin and then going into middle school I had to pick the an orchestra, a choir and I didn't want to do orchestra at the time, I hated classical music, so I joined bands, so that's probably adding that kind of probably a big reason a lot of kids choose band, they tend to be bigger in the middle school and high school. Yeah.
No, I kind of I didn't have marching band in high school, they did it in college months, they hated it. Um I've enjoyed playing in orchestras a lot more. Um It gets a lot more fun and meaningful I guess.
What happened? Yeah.
Yeah, I can still see your video on mine, so I'm not sure.
Back.
Yeah, she'll be okay. So um so oh yeah you asked me like a favorite genre, I don't I don't know. Um I definitely have some favorite songs but it's just all so different, it's hard to pick one that I like more a little bit. Ah But
that's
it,
that's
That's
it gets
easier to kind
of get into it with jazz um When we're kind of classical a lot of times you the teachers kind of end up focusing on like the more technical aspect of it, so it's harder to really getting slightly emotional but it's really cool that you guys had like such a diverse repertoire and stuff because that's something that I try to teach um and trying to get like lots of different types of music instead of just going like straight classical. Um a bunch of dead white guys kind of a concept just comment, it's what a lot of music programs and to focus on. So I try to um get a lot of different types of music right now, I'm actually teaching for my younger grades um going around, there's a curriculum where it goes around to a bunch of different countries, so the first countries Georgia that we're looking at and they get someone from that country and he kind of teaches a couple of folk songs and talks about the music a little bit. So um
to general it's really cool focus on from Georgia right now, it's really fun.
that's cool. Yeah.
the opposite,
especially like twice as big. Uh huh that's fine.
Um A little bit um
yeah, violent, I don't even play very well anymore because I don't play them forever. Um But thanks sometime in instrument, I can play all of the band and orchestra in springtime, like really basic level because we had to kind of go through each of them um for um at my university we went through each one for a little bit um so that we'll be able to teach them advantage. Um So all that being orchestra insurance, I can play kind of on a basic level. Um You can play, I played tuba in a marching band um and then I can play piano a little bit and globally a little bit. Um So I mean there's kind of a lot of insurance, I can play a little bit, but mostly it's actually the one time actually proficient at.
Yeah. It took all instruments, really diverse instrument to, um, some of the ones like the widest range of dynamics and stuff that you can do because most incidents are either loud or quiet and that kind of stuff. But sex was really good at doing both and having a lot of different sounds and stuff. So it's really cool, diverse is from.
yeah, it definitely depends on the area in a little bit, um, like midwest and
texas.
Um yeah, it's definitely a very different thing in private schools, but you know, even like, so in texas music is actually really big, but it's really on the technical side of it. They're really into like competitions and festivals and like competitive marching man and all the stuff they get really into
it.
is a little bit unfortunate in my opinion, but I don't know, it's good for some kids, some kids like it and I mean they have really big music programs, which is nice. Uh
Yeah. Um but yeah, there's definitely some areas where music programs are struggling getting a little bit um in my area, specifically in mice city, it's not super great. We don't have a whole lot of funding, like the high schools don't all have, I think they all have a band teacher, but I think they do abandon orchestra and they don't have any choir teachers, which is a little unfortunate and there's not a whole lot of funding for music and stuff. Um But at the same time our district supports music quite a lot. Um so that's been good, so they're at least supportive and they're definitely not trying to cut it or anything. Uh
Yeah, I mean I spent knowledge I'm practicing and then that stuff, but
Yeah, but I play many games a lot to doing that times and I don't like them to do. Sometimes I do sewing or just kind of working on other projects and stuff like that.
Mhm. Um I haven't played recently. Uh you know the game here? These that's a new one that just came out recently.
Herman
actually played yet. The company that makes it has made three other games, one of them Sebastian Transistor Empire, all
of
them.
Yeah. Um Fashion is one of my favorite games ever and I just
it's
yep. Um And they have, I really love the music in it, but so they have the same composer do all of their games and it's actually it's been the same team working on all of their games since Sebastian. Um No one's left or anything, so it's a really good company and they just they make really good games. Um So I've been that's the next game. I haven't played it yet for the next game is Haiti's which just came out um recently. So that's the next game I've been really wanting to play once I have a little bit of time to play it.
pc usually um
So
maybe switch. I was spending a lot of time playing Animal crossing too.
It's
good.
Right. Yeah. No I I don't have my own switch, I've been using my sisters because she doesn't play it very much. But you Animal crossing in breath of the wild or the Tuesday mostly played on that.
Mhm. So you see that one? Okay.
Uh Really like um Twilight Princess is my favorite part of the game.
That's the first one that ever played.
What?
I
I played that one for the first time that like a few years ago and that was really good. Um I haven't played wind waker which I've always heard really good things about and so I've always really wanted to play it and just
never had
to do yet.
Yeah. Yeah. The one that I really hate is Skyward Sword. Uh
yeah, I just hated how much the like guide character interrupted you for like the dumbest reasons. It just made it so hard to actually play through the game because it was every 10 seconds she was like stopping to tell you information that you already knew and stuff.
Yeah.
No.
interesting.
interesting.
that's cool.
Yeah. That's what I never played. The only competitive game where I play a lot of smaller indie games. Most I'm um so the only um bigger
like competitive on this Overwatch that I played a little bit, I don't really play it anymore.
Yeah. Yeah. I just I kind of would enjoy playing everyone saw, but I don't like it just because it's one of the games were in order to enjoy playing it like bigger that you have to play a lot over time. Um You can't just like everyone so I'll pick it up and play it a little bit as easily as other games. Uh huh.
You
know
to
Um Yeah. Have you played on the fungus? What I
yeah, no, I enjoy it more when I'm playing with people that I know they can get a big enough group because yeah, when you play by yourself with a bunch of people and you just kind of run into the same things as like one person, like a couple of people leaving right at the beginning and then one person just being like, hey kill me for the fun of it kind of ruining it a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah. You've got a friend I am with my siblings. There's a game board game called werewolf that will play. It's really fun.
yeah, I played quite
yeah, I haven't played risk and like that's something my sibling played and I played a couple of times with them when we were really young but um play Catan um they get into a lot of others. Um Can you think there's Dominion which is one that we like quite a bit about played it in a while though? Um Where Office one that we all say quite a bit. Um I think I think
Yeah.
wants them.
Well
nothing
Yeah. Um I tend to like coop games are fun because I get I don't know it gets frustrating when one person wins and then another person everyone else loses and then they're sore losers and people are some actress and they win so.
Um Yes, so there's just one co op game that's really fun called magic maze. Um And it's one where you you aren't allowed to talk during the gameplay and there's like four tokens that you have to kind of like get them to the map and everything and do certain tasks. Um And anyone can move any of the four tokens, but there's only like one specific moves, like I can only move them up and my sibling can only move them to the left or something like that. Um And we have to do it but we can't talk what we're doing it and so you have to kind of like figure it all out without talking. Um and it's really fun. Um
Uh I can't think of any right now. Do you have any? Yeah.
Yeah, I mean I guess I like I saw it once that I'm super into, I've always liked lower the Rings. Um I guess avatar, The last Airbender.
I don't really watch that one
doing. Uh
Yeah, I seen it.
I don't like
the first
season of
it and I feel like it gets a little bit better, progressively better after the first season.
Art.
Yeah.
Hey. Yeah. Mhm. I think it was, I guess
I'm
not copping
anymore.
What?
Um Not for my classes but and I have traveled quite a bit. My parents, especially my dad likes to travel a lot, so I've come with him a lot of places. Um Let me write motorcycles sold on trips. The last one we did was in Vietnam. Um We did a whole
trip to Vietnam The Mouse. It was really cool.
So cool.
Thanks. Yeah, I haven't been there. Um Hillary, I've been to europe a lot. Um Japan some other places in Asia, it's mostly all I've traveled to. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Is there anywhere
that you'd want to go? Uh huh.
Yeah, I actually had a friend that was living in Italy, he was teaching english over there and I got to visit him for christmas and he was supposed to stay there through like through like june or something. But like in March, he definitely
came home. Yeah.
because he was right in the middle, he's in Milan, so it was like right in the middle where it was breaking out at the beginning. It was scary over there for a bit.
Just
so much politics and shit. Yeah.
unfortunately.
Yeah the I don't know I really expect to travel so much. There's a lot of obviously like so I just
I really like
different foods, I don't know.
Um Yeah I tend to I guess I like japanese food quite a bit um when I was a kid I was always steak, I just really love steak. Um What
about
you?
medium rare or rare.
Yeah it's definitely good. Uh
Do we just
close this tab and then we go? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah 20. Very much 30 now so. Okay cool.
Of course