SPEAKER_L: Yes, sure it was. Mm hmm. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: night? Can you hear me? Mm. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: All right. So I can hear you
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. I can hear you
SPEAKER_L: and all right, so how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. I mean kind of like they started because I kind of don't wake up that early. Well, it is kind of like the first thing I'm actually doing other than eating breakfast. Mm
SPEAKER_R: you're a night owl? You stand played?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I tried it started my son my attention. That's uh I end up doing things at a certain time and I don't like the important changes sometimes I end up starting them pretty late. So like I had an had an assignment for what development that I was actually doing. And I started pretty early in the day. But it took so long that I ended up finishing the assignments later. Late at night. Oh yeah, things like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: It's good. You can still do stuff late at night and function well though, you know? Because uh I'm pretty worthless after like 10 o'clock.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Well um I guess I'm good in the I'm good in the night, but then I am pretty bad in the day. So like kind of it compensate for where I am good and where I am bad. Um I am, I am pretty slow. I try to actually get get things going. So side side attracted procrastinates. It's like, yeah, so you're saying that you don't, it's like pretty bad at at night and I was like, you're productive, very productive during the day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Nowadays that's why I was exactly like you when I was younger, I was that night all I mean I used to stay up till 56 in the morning and sleep until like noon one o'clock all the time. I work nights too though back then. But nowadays like I'll try to get some stuff done maybe at night after my girlfriend goes to bed and I can't really get anything going after like 10, 11 o'clock, my brain just doesn't focus.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So I kind of switched. I used to be night out, kind of like a day guy. So I guess you just get used to it. You know? I started waking up earlier over the years and you're in college now. Yeah, when I was in college, I was the same way, I mean a blade all the time. I worked at uh I went to Columbia in Chicago and uh worked at a bar right in the area and so I would go to class until about 78 go to work at the bar until 45 in the morning by the time I got home, you know, you're looking at 56 o'clock and what are you gonna do then, you know, you can't really do anything but wake up at two o'clock, so you know what that change for me, I'm a morning person now, I liked the night novel day, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like I never had an average of where I basically stay up all night to actually do something. Um I think I only have like 11 day where I stay up till three, but it's only like to watch tv shows that are that only show up at that time. Uh I think I've worked at an amazon warehouse where this was working night shift. So I basically was, when was it that I think I was getting back, I was getting back home at like four in the morning, but then I had to actually do stuff during the day because I was basically the driver of the of the family. So I do yes, I drove my brother to school because he had because he is this is disabled to there's no good good transportation for him to take where he can get from from home to school. Been a good amount of time. But then that means like I would have to take like a basically a nap for about an hour or two to get breakfast braided for him and then leave to drive him as like that was pretty that was pretty bad. Thank you. The working there was I mean when you list when you when you read the description and when you do what they're asking you to do, it seems to be pretty simple, but like you gotta be able to do that at a steady pace. And I was literally just like being having talked to stay, stay late late at night up and then somehow keeping myself awake during the day. It's like well I couldn't really keep up keep
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: up with everybody but I managed for about a year doing that schedule and it still was not enough to stay there. Yeah no that's it on my end it looks like it just broke. I'm not saying you anymore. Uh Yeah I don't see I don't see your I don't see you on the on the screen and I cannot really hear you just
SPEAKER_R: it oh maybe refreshing and that will help.
SPEAKER_L: so I guess maybe it's just on my hand you know? Okay
SPEAKER_R: Is that you,
SPEAKER_L: I can see you and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: hear you better.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I mean it's probably just
SPEAKER_L: Oh just broke. Mhm. Yeah too long. You know it looks like we're on my end. It's because it's gonna be a lot of a lot. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Thanks I can't see or hear you anymore you know refreshed serving?
SPEAKER_R: bro no
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: I can hear there you are so it went I can hear you all right I just can't see it too great.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah on my end I can't I can't see you either but I can definitely here
SPEAKER_R: I found if I I scroll down and for some reason your video moved down but I don't know if that will work for you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh so I mean on the on the tab where this where this is actually displaying I mean it basically takes I can I can barely scroll up and down I can't do anything else.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's it was just a blank screen for me and I scrolled and found it but I mean we could hear each other it's probably good enough for now. I can see you right now so I mean it works so you're in school now what area do you live in one region?
SPEAKER_L: ridden the wild west coast.
SPEAKER_R: The west coast,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Really? Since you're talking about Colombia is that what up in new york?
SPEAKER_R: I went to Columbia in Chicago which is where I was from.
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: Its
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: film school in Chicago, it's like an art school. Um And I'm in florida now I'm on the East Coast now so I'm three hours ahead of you so three o'clock here but we moved to florida three years ago. My girlfriend's going to U. C. F. For computer science so we moved down here and she's earned an a her second masters degree so got out of the cold weather for a while, it's pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I went to school for computer science and went back to school for well well one I didn't actually have work and I was basically I didn't have any thing else to do. I went back to school for to learn about cybersecurity. So I yeah so at this point now I'm learning about about I. T. And basically like some cyber defense at this point I'm not sure if I should if I still have the time to try to applied to university or basically just go straight to like a full time job. What what I know already talks
SPEAKER_R: struck
SPEAKER_L: that's where that's where I kind of am.
SPEAKER_R: well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like learning but at this point the idea of um like going to school for it and going to a class getting involved with assignment if it's if it's worth me doing it because I have five other means of learning what what I need to learn and I can it's better. It's either I do the structure of the school or I did the structure of like an online course or you just buy the course give the content, you do it at your own pace. But but you you specifically went for for film Colombia.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I liked it a lot. Uh My concentration was an editing so editing film. Um It was great it was a great experience. Uh Not really working at it although basically uh I do freelance work and stuff but you really need to move out to California if you want to have a career in film. I mean they film other places but California is where you know most of the work is and I just never was really in a position to relocate out there. So you know you can do some self in Chicago but it's tough to make a good career out of it unless you relocate but still was a passion and something I still could do. But yeah right now I like a town here. It's pretty cool but not much filming in florida little stuff here and there. But you know um even our first day of class our teachers told us if you really want to make it in this industry you're gonna have to move on to the Los Angeles. You know it's that's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so yeah, I like it kind of uh I'm sorry for interrupting,
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: was kind of like yeah, so the thing is like, it's weird data, the California is where everybody is being told they have to actually fulfilling. I would think that like a George took the state of Georgia has a lot of shows that are being being filmed there and they kind of make it look like any place that's just wilderness. So I would have thought that the big populated states would end up getting their own little um movie industry, even if it's not as big as California, it's like you you have so many people, they're bound to be enough interests of like minded people, filmmaking to say like, okay, we'll just make something small and then I just hope that it grows to something bigger. So like any explosions to why? Exactly? Like you have to go to California and like you can't just make something in florida.
SPEAKER_R: well you definitely
SPEAKER_L: I hope it
SPEAKER_R: can of
SPEAKER_L: child.
SPEAKER_R: California just increases your odds. I mean there's so much more going on that you're going to have more interviews, you're gonna have more you know more people you can meet that are working on stuff. Georgia does have a lot now when I went to school, this was 2005 so I'm a little older. Um And back then I don't think Georgia was as prolific as it is now Chicago actually used to have a lot of filming a film like the transformer movies there and you know a lot of tv shows and stuff but the taxes in Chicago are so high, people don't really film there too much anymore. I think that pushed people out florida, we have universal studios nearby um And they used to film a lot here back in the day but they're not doing much nowadays, they don't really use the sets for filming. They were filming one or two tv shows down here and that's about it. Um But yeah I mean just California it's I guess you know sure it's a bigger pool of people looking for the same jobs but there's so much more work going on, you know it just increases your chances. But yeah you could do it anywhere, you know you could in a place like Chicago or florida, you can get work editing, you know pretty much any kind of stuff, commercials, music videos um It's just not going to be as lucrative as it would be if you stayed if you went to the West Coast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So when it comes to editing jobs, can you actually get it? Where so wherever you're doing the following, were they like, okay, I got some I got an editor or we'll just random states Oklahoma. It's like, okay, well that person there since that should be good, is not going to move, but I can kind of give them access to access to like the repository where the stuff that needs to actually edit, basically tele communicating the editing job. It's like what is that? A possibility?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think definitely nowadays it's definitely a lot more um you know definitely more possible than it was back in like 2003 and four. Um And you know that all you can definitely get work doing that but I mean you know it's work, you know you'll be doing work, it's you're not gonna get on the next, you know um when Tarantino film as an editor work at remote, you're not gonna get into the big Hollywood productions. But yeah, work, I mean editing it's you know, it's a job and you get playing and stuff doing commercials and videos and and you know um corporate videos and stuff like that. So you know, reels for actors and you know um reels for DJs and bands and stuff like that, like just work work. So you know, you want to earn a living doing it, that's quite possible and there's more remote work like that available. You can meet people on sites like Fiverr and you know, stuff like that. But um as far as like the big Hollywood dreams, I mean you're not going to do that, but I mean I gave up on that a long time ago anyway, so. Uh huh. Not trying exactly get work in the uh you know where I'm gonna be working with Christopher Nolan or anything like that.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you what are you going for? I'm sorry if I if I forgot about that, because you say you're not you're not doing editing anymore, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I haven't been doing it lately. I will do side work and stuff, you know, when it pops up, if I, you know, right time, right place. So I'm working as a DJ now, which is actually really good. I've done some weddings and clubs and bars and, you know, um, I started doing this in Chicago uh, as a musician up there as well. So I mean, I wear many hats I guess with this kind of stuff, but um, started deejaying up in Chicago at clubs and did a couple of weddings and just was really good at it and found I liked it. So I kept doing it and eventually turns into pretty much a full time job.
SPEAKER_L: So have you have you worked with other musicians to edit there about videos and music?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. And I used to do a lot of that in back home. I'm home here now, but back in Chicago because I played in a couple of bands. So I knew a lot more people. So you know when you're out there and meet people in your networking, more work is going to come your way. We've been in florida three years now and one year that pretty much was covid, so I haven't been exactly how networking and meeting people. Um but that slowed everything down kind of, but once this is behind us um I do plan on getting back out there and getting in another band or two as well, which will help with networking. But um yeah, people online and you know, done freelance work and it's just not as much as it used to be when I was, you know, right out there in the scene.
SPEAKER_L: No friends? It's not when you have to a lot of the a lot of these jobs is basically just have to actually meet the person physically to get to see if you can actually work with them or with them or not. Um basically the work that I'm actually doing is helping students, we're helping us other students with their with their work and it's usually easier when they can see me raise their hand and I'm like, I'll go to them. And even though like I'm also a tutor where I can, it's either you're in a virtual room where you're buying attention for for like one of the lab, one of the helpers or you schedule a one on one where you
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: can actually
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: just like I got a person, I got all these questions I want to ask and they're not going to go anywhere. So even that it's like it's it's weird that when the opportunity came not many have actually took advantage of this. Like it was only when we've had we could physically see the person that was like a lot of people were like saying like okay I need help but now it's like you just know they come to me when they're like like their assignments is within like a week or do or do a week ahead and they're basically like okay I got nothing is working. So I'm I'm I'm helping other programmers and um other people who actually
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: have assignment with like Microsoft Softwares. So their assignments involve following instructions or doing certain tasks and seeing if there if it's working as a sign and if something goes wrong, I need to find out what the what the problem is.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's cool work. I mean working with people. I mean I was like working with people as opposed to and stuff just on my own. Um and it's kids you work with or college student age or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's college today,
SPEAKER_R: college student
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: age.
SPEAKER_L: so I work at a community college, so it ranges from people who are barely getting out of high school to basically anybody who who decided to go back to school to learn some new scale. Um I go to community college who was like, like one of these models is like they want to accept anybody who wants to go through education. The the number one thing is that college, like students are trying to get to university, but they also treat people who come back for like a certificate or associates to improve or add skills skill set to themselves. Like they go they're just kind of treat everybody else is like just a student age doesn't matter. So I have the I worked with the very young people who think that they know everything to some are like very old people like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: okay, well I've been in the workforce for like 50 years, things have changed and I'm here to learn something new and and sometimes surprising that there's something new is how a computer works. Mhm. It's pretty, it's kind of so I guess it's kind of amazing, you're trying to actually teach uh technology that is build a run, like trying to be obvious, but at the same time you can understand why, sometimes you just don't under some people won't understand why how the internet works when you like you you have a device that allows the computer to connect to other computers and you kind of have to explain how that works and Yeah. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's it's a lot of these people when they were in school, I mean like even when I was in high school we we didn't have computers every high school yet, we use typewriters. So uh you know what I'm I guess by the time I got to college we had computers and computer at my house by then. But uh you know, some of these people so foreign to them, it's just new, completely new technology. Like it's a lot to wrap your head around I guess for younger people like, you know, people younger than me and like yourself like you grew up surrounded by it so it's probably just you probably can't imagine a world without it I would imagine right like without computers and internet.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I went to school kind of like, so I'm look a little older than that I actually am. So I did actually go to high school when social media, social social media basically started and when computers weren't really like prevalent to other students. So I was in a program where they, they said like, okay, we're going to take this small number of students just constantly put them in classes where they're involved with computers and they're gonna, they're basically going to see how they can into how they can create this program, see if it works and then put it out to everybody else. So where I was like the, one of the few students who was like guinea pig on, can we teach other kids, other students with computers And if it's, if there's any good or bad, like what's the improvement? And I think it kind of found that it works out with just all computer related, all computer related classes. So I'm not sure if how much dave the integrated flag english of like human, like english social social studies and all that word that you don't they don't really have to use computers. Well, like in today's time, if you have to write a paper, do any research, you use a computer, you never almost never turn it in physical physical paper. But like you'll find some teachers are like, well you're gonna do a 10 page
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: a 10 page report, you're going to print it out and somehow the teacher will read through all of that and then we're talking about like 30 40 students, we're turning in a 10 page report and they're going to somehow great great it within like a week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's that they're going to spend a lot of time reading.
SPEAKER_L: Well Mhm. Uh huh. It's amazing that when even to like a bye. I guess maybe by college there's students who like, you get to write a 10 page, 10 page report because for me, two page essay was was pretty was pretty tough because I'm I guess I'm not really the type of person who would write, who's not, I'm not really that much of a writer. And when they're asking me, it's like, okay, you're going to, you got a certain topic, you gotta put in a certain thought and beacon sized, but you get a scratching it into 10 pages. Double space will be it's still not, it's still it's still pretty tough. Is like there's people who could actually do it without, we're just single spaces, like, okay, that's that's a lot. And I've not read some some of those 10 page 10 page single space reports. Like I'm uh this is why I'm programmers, like I can understand how to write thousands of lines of code but I couldn't be able to like to write a 10 page report for my life.
SPEAKER_R: it's funny we all got our own you know our own skill sets and stuff we gravitate towards. So I'd be more of a word person more you know right in the written word. But my girlfriend's a mathematician I you know I can't see the stuff she's doing all day and I have no clue what the hell that stuff is, what's going on on that screen. But um she could handle numbers like nobody's business but with the numbers you know give me a headache but english and stuff I was always strong so just you know we all got her skills I guess it sounds like you uh you're great with numbers and writing code and stuff and I mean there's yeah
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: it's great for the future.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, serious. It is but I'm still I'm okay with numbers. I've had to take math classes because of because of programming classes. And it basically at some point you either find out if all if you if you're ever going to use any of those math classes and the work but end up learning like you take the math classes to learn how to be a programmer and there's a chance that's all the calculus statistics that you've taken may be used for for the actual job. Like um uh There's a there's a student who wants to be a programmer but in the sports field. So they're probably at some point gonna have to learn a bit of like math and statistics to be able to actually write a programme that calculates some sort of outcome in sports players that's and all that. I was like it's up to the job to really find out if you're going to use math math as it is or you're just going to use it to actually learn how to be a good program. No. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting stuff man
SPEAKER_L: System.
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't wrap my head around it so I think we hit our time so um have a great day man and best wishes to you with everything
SPEAKER_L: Thank you to
SPEAKER_R: they can
SPEAKER_L: have a good day.