Yes, sure it was. Mm hmm. Yeah, that's
All right. So I can hear you
and all right, so how are you doing?
Okay. Mhm. I mean kind of like they started because I kind of don't wake up that early. Well, it is kind of like the first thing I'm actually doing other than eating breakfast. Mm
Yeah, I tried it started my son my attention. That's uh I end up doing things at a certain time and I don't like the important changes sometimes I end up starting them pretty late. So like I had an had an assignment for what development that I was actually doing. And I started pretty early in the day. But it took so long that I ended up finishing the assignments later. Late at night. Oh yeah, things like
that.
Oh yeah. Well um I guess I'm good in the I'm good in the night, but then I am pretty bad in the day. So like kind of it compensate for where I am good and where I am bad. Um I am, I am pretty slow. I try to actually get get things going. So side side attracted procrastinates. It's like, yeah, so you're saying that you don't, it's like pretty bad at at night and I was like, you're productive, very productive during the day.
So
Yeah, it's like I never had an average of where I basically stay up all night to actually do something. Um I think I only have like 11 day where I stay up till three, but it's only like to watch tv shows that are that only show up at that time. Uh I think I've worked at an amazon warehouse where this was working night shift. So I basically was, when was it that I think I was getting back, I was getting back home at like four in the morning, but then I had to actually do stuff during the day because I was basically the driver of the of the family. So I do yes, I drove my brother to school because he had because he is this is disabled to there's no good good transportation for him to take where he can get from from home to school. Been a good amount of time. But then that means like I would have to take like a basically a nap for about an hour or two to get breakfast braided for him and then leave to drive him as like that was pretty that was pretty bad. Thank you. The working there was I mean when you list when you when you read the description and when you do what they're asking you to do, it seems to be pretty simple, but like you gotta be able to do that at a steady pace. And I was literally just like being having talked to stay, stay late late at night up and then somehow keeping myself awake during the day. It's like well I couldn't really keep up keep
up with everybody but I managed for about a year doing that schedule and it still was not enough to stay there. Yeah no that's it on my end it looks like it just broke. I'm not saying you anymore. Uh Yeah I don't see I don't see your I don't see you on the on the screen and I cannot really hear you just
so I guess maybe it's just on my hand you know? Okay
I can see you and
I can
hear you better.
Oh just broke. Mhm. Yeah too long. You know it looks like we're on my end. It's because it's gonna be a lot of a lot. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Thanks I can't see or hear you anymore you know refreshed serving?
Hi.
Mhm. Yeah on my end I can't I can't see you either but I can definitely here
Yeah. Oh so I mean on the on the tab where this where this is actually displaying I mean it basically takes I can I can barely scroll up and down I can't do anything else.
ridden the wild west coast.
Yeah. Really? Since you're talking about Colombia is that what up in new york?
Go
ahead.
Yeah I went to school for computer science and went back to school for well well one I didn't actually have work and I was basically I didn't have any thing else to do. I went back to school for to learn about cybersecurity. So I yeah so at this point now I'm learning about about I. T. And basically like some cyber defense at this point I'm not sure if I should if I still have the time to try to applied to university or basically just go straight to like a full time job. What what I know already talks
that's where that's where I kind of am.
I like learning but at this point the idea of um like going to school for it and going to a class getting involved with assignment if it's if it's worth me doing it because I have five other means of learning what what I need to learn and I can it's better. It's either I do the structure of the school or I did the structure of like an online course or you just buy the course give the content, you do it at your own pace. But but you you specifically went for for film Colombia.
Yeah, so yeah, I like it kind of uh I'm sorry for interrupting,
I
was kind of like yeah, so the thing is like, it's weird data, the California is where everybody is being told they have to actually fulfilling. I would think that like a George took the state of Georgia has a lot of shows that are being being filmed there and they kind of make it look like any place that's just wilderness. So I would have thought that the big populated states would end up getting their own little um movie industry, even if it's not as big as California, it's like you you have so many people, they're bound to be enough interests of like minded people, filmmaking to say like, okay, we'll just make something small and then I just hope that it grows to something bigger. So like any explosions to why? Exactly? Like you have to go to California and like you can't just make something in florida.
I hope it
child.
Yeah. So when it comes to editing jobs, can you actually get it? Where so wherever you're doing the following, were they like, okay, I got some I got an editor or we'll just random states Oklahoma. It's like, okay, well that person there since that should be good, is not going to move, but I can kind of give them access to access to like the repository where the stuff that needs to actually edit, basically tele communicating the editing job. It's like what is that? A possibility?
So what are you what are you going for? I'm sorry if I if I forgot about that, because you say you're not you're not doing editing anymore, so.
So have you have you worked with other musicians to edit there about videos and music?
No friends? It's not when you have to a lot of the a lot of these jobs is basically just have to actually meet the person physically to get to see if you can actually work with them or with them or not. Um basically the work that I'm actually doing is helping students, we're helping us other students with their with their work and it's usually easier when they can see me raise their hand and I'm like, I'll go to them. And even though like I'm also a tutor where I can, it's either you're in a virtual room where you're buying attention for for like one of the lab, one of the helpers or you schedule a one on one where you
can actually
just like I got a person, I got all these questions I want to ask and they're not going to go anywhere. So even that it's like it's it's weird that when the opportunity came not many have actually took advantage of this. Like it was only when we've had we could physically see the person that was like a lot of people were like saying like okay I need help but now it's like you just know they come to me when they're like like their assignments is within like a week or do or do a week ahead and they're basically like okay I got nothing is working. So I'm I'm I'm helping other programmers and um other people who actually
have assignment with like Microsoft Softwares. So their assignments involve following instructions or doing certain tasks and seeing if there if it's working as a sign and if something goes wrong, I need to find out what the what the problem is.
Yeah.
Yeah it's college today,
so
so I work at a community college, so it ranges from people who are barely getting out of high school to basically anybody who who decided to go back to school to learn some new scale. Um I go to community college who was like, like one of these models is like they want to accept anybody who wants to go through education. The the number one thing is that college, like students are trying to get to university, but they also treat people who come back for like a certificate or associates to improve or add skills skill set to themselves. Like they go they're just kind of treat everybody else is like just a student age doesn't matter. So I have the I worked with the very young people who think that they know everything to some are like very old people like
okay, well I've been in the workforce for like 50 years, things have changed and I'm here to learn something new and and sometimes surprising that there's something new is how a computer works. Mhm. It's pretty, it's kind of so I guess it's kind of amazing, you're trying to actually teach uh technology that is build a run, like trying to be obvious, but at the same time you can understand why, sometimes you just don't under some people won't understand why how the internet works when you like you you have a device that allows the computer to connect to other computers and you kind of have to explain how that works and Yeah. Right,
Oh I went to school kind of like, so I'm look a little older than that I actually am. So I did actually go to high school when social media, social social media basically started and when computers weren't really like prevalent to other students. So I was in a program where they, they said like, okay, we're going to take this small number of students just constantly put them in classes where they're involved with computers and they're gonna, they're basically going to see how they can into how they can create this program, see if it works and then put it out to everybody else. So where I was like the, one of the few students who was like guinea pig on, can we teach other kids, other students with computers And if it's, if there's any good or bad, like what's the improvement? And I think it kind of found that it works out with just all computer related, all computer related classes. So I'm not sure if how much dave the integrated flag english of like human, like english social social studies and all that word that you don't they don't really have to use computers. Well, like in today's time, if you have to write a paper, do any research, you use a computer, you never almost never turn it in physical physical paper. But like you'll find some teachers are like, well you're gonna do a 10 page
a 10 page report, you're going to print it out and somehow the teacher will read through all of that and then we're talking about like 30 40 students, we're turning in a 10 page report and they're going to somehow great great it within like a week.
Well Mhm. Uh huh. It's amazing that when even to like a bye. I guess maybe by college there's students who like, you get to write a 10 page, 10 page report because for me, two page essay was was pretty was pretty tough because I'm I guess I'm not really the type of person who would write, who's not, I'm not really that much of a writer. And when they're asking me, it's like, okay, you're going to, you got a certain topic, you gotta put in a certain thought and beacon sized, but you get a scratching it into 10 pages. Double space will be it's still not, it's still it's still pretty tough. Is like there's people who could actually do it without, we're just single spaces, like, okay, that's that's a lot. And I've not read some some of those 10 page 10 page single space reports. Like I'm uh this is why I'm programmers, like I can understand how to write thousands of lines of code but I couldn't be able to like to write a 10 page report for my life.
Right.
Hello, serious. It is but I'm still I'm okay with numbers. I've had to take math classes because of because of programming classes. And it basically at some point you either find out if all if you if you're ever going to use any of those math classes and the work but end up learning like you take the math classes to learn how to be a programmer and there's a chance that's all the calculus statistics that you've taken may be used for for the actual job. Like um uh There's a there's a student who wants to be a programmer but in the sports field. So they're probably at some point gonna have to learn a bit of like math and statistics to be able to actually write a programme that calculates some sort of outcome in sports players that's and all that. I was like it's up to the job to really find out if you're going to use math math as it is or you're just going to use it to actually learn how to be a good program. No. Oh yeah.
System.
Thank you to
have a good day.