night? Can you hear me? Mm. Yeah. Hello?
Okay, cool. I can hear you
good. How are you?
you're a night owl? You stand played?
Good.
It's good. You can still do stuff late at night and function well though, you know? Because uh I'm pretty worthless after like 10 o'clock.
Yeah. Yeah. Nowadays that's why I was exactly like you when I was younger, I was that night all I mean I used to stay up till 56 in the morning and sleep until like noon one o'clock all the time. I work nights too though back then. But nowadays like I'll try to get some stuff done maybe at night after my girlfriend goes to bed and I can't really get anything going after like 10, 11 o'clock, my brain just doesn't focus.
So I kind of switched. I used to be night out, kind of like a day guy. So I guess you just get used to it. You know? I started waking up earlier over the years and you're in college now. Yeah, when I was in college, I was the same way, I mean a blade all the time. I worked at uh I went to Columbia in Chicago and uh worked at a bar right in the area and so I would go to class until about 78 go to work at the bar until 45 in the morning by the time I got home, you know, you're looking at 56 o'clock and what are you gonna do then, you know, you can't really do anything but wake up at two o'clock, so you know what that change for me, I'm a morning person now, I liked the night novel day, so
it
it oh maybe refreshing and that will help.
Is that you,
you
know?
Okay. Yeah I mean it's probably just
bro no
I can hear there you are so it went I can hear you all right I just can't see it too great.
I found if I I scroll down and for some reason your video moved down but I don't know if that will work for you.
Oh yeah that's it was just a blank screen for me and I scrolled and found it but I mean we could hear each other it's probably good enough for now. I can see you right now so I mean it works so you're in school now what area do you live in one region?
The west coast,
I went to Columbia in Chicago which is where I was from.
Its
film school in Chicago, it's like an art school. Um And I'm in florida now I'm on the East Coast now so I'm three hours ahead of you so three o'clock here but we moved to florida three years ago. My girlfriend's going to U. C. F. For computer science so we moved down here and she's earned an a her second masters degree so got out of the cold weather for a while, it's pretty nice.
struck
well. Yeah.
Yeah. Um I liked it a lot. Uh My concentration was an editing so editing film. Um It was great it was a great experience. Uh Not really working at it although basically uh I do freelance work and stuff but you really need to move out to California if you want to have a career in film. I mean they film other places but California is where you know most of the work is and I just never was really in a position to relocate out there. So you know you can do some self in Chicago but it's tough to make a good career out of it unless you relocate but still was a passion and something I still could do. But yeah right now I like a town here. It's pretty cool but not much filming in florida little stuff here and there. But you know um even our first day of class our teachers told us if you really want to make it in this industry you're gonna have to move on to the Los Angeles. You know it's that's
no
it's
well you definitely
can of
California just increases your odds. I mean there's so much more going on that you're going to have more interviews, you're gonna have more you know more people you can meet that are working on stuff. Georgia does have a lot now when I went to school, this was 2005 so I'm a little older. Um And back then I don't think Georgia was as prolific as it is now Chicago actually used to have a lot of filming a film like the transformer movies there and you know a lot of tv shows and stuff but the taxes in Chicago are so high, people don't really film there too much anymore. I think that pushed people out florida, we have universal studios nearby um And they used to film a lot here back in the day but they're not doing much nowadays, they don't really use the sets for filming. They were filming one or two tv shows down here and that's about it. Um But yeah I mean just California it's I guess you know sure it's a bigger pool of people looking for the same jobs but there's so much more work going on, you know it just increases your chances. But yeah you could do it anywhere, you know you could in a place like Chicago or florida, you can get work editing, you know pretty much any kind of stuff, commercials, music videos um It's just not going to be as lucrative as it would be if you stayed if you went to the West Coast.
yeah, I think definitely nowadays it's definitely a lot more um you know definitely more possible than it was back in like 2003 and four. Um And you know that all you can definitely get work doing that but I mean you know it's work, you know you'll be doing work, it's you're not gonna get on the next, you know um when Tarantino film as an editor work at remote, you're not gonna get into the big Hollywood productions. But yeah, work, I mean editing it's you know, it's a job and you get playing and stuff doing commercials and videos and and you know um corporate videos and stuff like that. So you know, reels for actors and you know um reels for DJs and bands and stuff like that, like just work work. So you know, you want to earn a living doing it, that's quite possible and there's more remote work like that available. You can meet people on sites like Fiverr and you know, stuff like that. But um as far as like the big Hollywood dreams, I mean you're not going to do that, but I mean I gave up on that a long time ago anyway, so. Uh huh. Not trying exactly get work in the uh you know where I'm gonna be working with Christopher Nolan or anything like that.
Yeah, no, I haven't been doing it lately. I will do side work and stuff, you know, when it pops up, if I, you know, right time, right place. So I'm working as a DJ now, which is actually really good. I've done some weddings and clubs and bars and, you know, um, I started doing this in Chicago uh, as a musician up there as well. So I mean, I wear many hats I guess with this kind of stuff, but um, started deejaying up in Chicago at clubs and did a couple of weddings and just was really good at it and found I liked it. So I kept doing it and eventually turns into pretty much a full time job.
Yeah, definitely. And I used to do a lot of that in back home. I'm home here now, but back in Chicago because I played in a couple of bands. So I knew a lot more people. So you know when you're out there and meet people in your networking, more work is going to come your way. We've been in florida three years now and one year that pretty much was covid, so I haven't been exactly how networking and meeting people. Um but that slowed everything down kind of, but once this is behind us um I do plan on getting back out there and getting in another band or two as well, which will help with networking. But um yeah, people online and you know, done freelance work and it's just not as much as it used to be when I was, you know, right out there in the scene.
No,
but
true.
All right.
Yeah, I mean it's cool work. I mean working with people. I mean I was like working with people as opposed to and stuff just on my own. Um and it's kids you work with or college student age or
college student
age.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's it's a lot of these people when they were in school, I mean like even when I was in high school we we didn't have computers every high school yet, we use typewriters. So uh you know what I'm I guess by the time I got to college we had computers and computer at my house by then. But uh you know, some of these people so foreign to them, it's just new, completely new technology. Like it's a lot to wrap your head around I guess for younger people like, you know, people younger than me and like yourself like you grew up surrounded by it so it's probably just you probably can't imagine a world without it I would imagine right like without computers and internet.
No
Yeah it's that they're going to spend a lot of time reading.
it's funny we all got our own you know our own skill sets and stuff we gravitate towards. So I'd be more of a word person more you know right in the written word. But my girlfriend's a mathematician I you know I can't see the stuff she's doing all day and I have no clue what the hell that stuff is, what's going on on that screen. But um she could handle numbers like nobody's business but with the numbers you know give me a headache but english and stuff I was always strong so just you know we all got her skills I guess it sounds like you uh you're great with numbers and writing code and stuff and I mean there's yeah
it's great for the future.
it's interesting stuff man
I couldn't wrap my head around it so I think we hit our time so um have a great day man and best wishes to you with everything
they can