I'm gonna see where I can see the little timer. Okay, great. Got it. How's it going?
I'm pretty good, I almost forgot about this, unfortunately.
What's
what's his name?
huh. Okay. Um Is it like uh did you find this through
prolific or did you find this through? Okay. I
didn't know
that they
recurring them.
How
Yeah.
Is it
did
you like Yeah, like is it is it always like you end up talking about coronavirus, or is it just like different every time you think? Good?
I have a video chat in the longest time, so I'm like, whoa okay.
I don't know, trying to speak from a distance, you know? Um Let feel I'm like, no, you just live right up the road. Just let me like let's go into the park have like a distance
picnic or something like that.
you're sure because then you're not stumbling over each other's words as you're trying to talk.
Yeah. yeah. How, how have the last two been for you?
Well,
Oh, that's very sweet. So
where did you?
Where did you grow up?
I've seen some, like the stories I get from new york really range from like super intense, like, oh my gosh, police state sort of thing to like very heartwarming, like new Yorkers reaching out to each other, um,
fines or something. But what's, what's like being your experience like as a new yorker actually living there?
a lot of time on there.
Yeah,
I've only heard rumors about that. And when I say rumors, I mean, just somebody told me like I heard this. Um, but that's, I mean it makes me want to not get it even more. You know, we, uh, I live in Tacoma, which is Tacoma Washington. It's very close to Seattle. Um,
there's actually, we took commons on Tiktok I've seen, which is interesting. Um,
But we have like, it's like a very metropolitan area and we have one strip called 6th av. Um
and like everybody got sick on six that at the same time and people that I knew it because like, it's where all the bars are and stuff. Um, and somebody that I knew got one, I got it and like posted on instagram and they're like, oh my God, like I didn't
listen.
This is horrible.
Like
I'm hated and I'm like, I'm so sorry, they're good now. Um,
It's great. They were young. But uh, yeah, it's definitely strange.
But
that's
the kind of the thing that I hear is like,
I don't know anybody, but I hear people, you know,
put
bro.
What
were you, what were you doing before all this happened?
Yeah, Yeah,
but you will be returning someday back to it. Yeah,
whenever
that
Did they just like turn all your classes remote?
Yeah, this is coming, coming up in at the end of september, I'm starting my first year of college and
I was so excited because the university
is like
there, like I'm going to talk to it and like coronavirus, everything's online now. I'm like, no, but
no,
I'm actually 27, but
I just looked very young. I was 20 class of 2011 so I took nine years to figure it out.
Who is that
Yeah, I, I definitely, I kind of screwed around a little, I like started traveling when I graduated immediately and then I was like, is this what I want to do? Is this what I want to do and had so many just like strikeouts and like now I feel really good.
I'm going into psychology so I feel, yeah.
You were considering it? What did you write,
what, what did you end up going with instead?
No.
you're like polar opposites. So like what, what made you want to go for that instead? Yeah.
You did you have like
one
of those
specialized high schools where it's like, like, I don't know if you guys have them over there, but like here we have we have two different high schools that you can choose to go to that are like specialist, like one of them like a high school for the arts. Um and then the other ones um sort of like stem related, it's called Sammy, the Science and Math institute.
Um I never have that growing up because I'm from pennsylvania but I think it's super cool that they have those here and so like like like high school students like are already preparing for what they want to do later, which I think is pretty cool. Um Was was your high school like something like that? Where?
Yeah. Um I am just totally fascinated with human behavior and um and what I want to do like in the long
run because kind of a long story but I'm trying to make it sure um
what I want to do in the long run is be a psychedelic therapist. Um It's very
like there are very few right now in comparison to like other psychological disciplines but but like how psychedelics can help people like overcome depression and PTSD is something I'm really passionate about. And so I'm like I'm looking at where we're at now in the view of like how um how like psychedelics and hallucinogens are slowly being like re accepted into the community. And I'm like okay there's like supporting institutions for this already, but there's so few. And so I'm like in four years when I complete my psychology degree like that, a lot of time for new things to arise. So I'm like anticipating that by the time I'm done that there will be something for me to just like go into hopefully
and
not
have to go to more school. But we'll see. I don't know how how exactly far you can get um with a bachelor's degree in psychology, I feel like usually usually people go for at least their masters with it or, or like even so far as a doctorate, but that's so much school.
That's true. Yeah, I could at least probably do something like um like pure counseling or, or like, I don't know, guidance counselors sort of thing. I don't know how I feel about working in a school like while going to school, but,
but
I don't know really. Um
Good.
It is,
Yeah, that's, that's sort of like a weird like toss up between generations because I noticed even on Tiktok actually, like, let's talk about PTSD and like trauma, like,
so
yeah, it's really cool. But um yeah, it just makes me wonder like why, like why weren't boomers more open to talking about this? Like why was it so like taboo for them, I guess. I don't really know. I just
Like I'll put together that doesn't exist. I don't think it exists. Or or
maybe I mean maybe people can carry themselves well but like there's always just so much going on
in there refer.
They do. Yeah. I feel I feel that like I work as a as a barista and nobody can see my smile anymore because I have to wear a mask. But but like even you know before this time I like read an article about like he was saying that like baristas specifically who have to smile so much um to their customers because it's just like what we do and like what we're expected to like you know bring happiness to our customers.
Like the more fake smiles that they give, the more likely they are to be like depressed. Mm Like that's it's sad. But but it is like um like
some sort of like emotional or energetic repression and like I personally try to fight against it. Like when people ask me how I am, I try to be very honest and be like today it kind of sucks but I'm here. Uh you know and some people really appreciate that. Um Like younger people seem to appreciate that. But older people do not. I think like you.
I think they just wanted a like good, how are you? Good And like go on with.
And it it doesn't go very far.
What
are we doing on?
Yeah. Yeah. It just makes me so angry.
Good.
I hope so. I feel like once we started doing that like there won't be so much that we're just like covering over and like moving on from I feel like like like boomers just have mountains of like repressed emotions and like my generation, I guess millennial, I think its millennial for me,
93.
Uh You know, we got a little less, were like actively chipping away at it and then like
gen z
is just like freedom we damn all the time and talk about our problems.
Like the relationship between, are you talking about like romantic relationship? Uh huh. Yeah,
concerning
how
do you feel about that?
No.
Yeah. The I guess you were you were like born into, well, how old are you?
So yeah, like you like matured into the swiping age? Yeah.
Good.
Good.
So weird. I always feel like like uh like every once in a while. Um I mean I preferred to meet people like in natural interactions.
Um but everyone so I'm like maybe my special person is online and then I'm just like sitting there doing this and I'm like, I would never do this in real life. Get out of my way.
people do that like, like that's it.
it's real.
It is a bit, yeah. I often wonder like a
like because there are like when I'm looking at males on like Tinder and stuff, I'm like, I think and I like take my my previous partners faces and I like put them on like I imagine that their on screen. I'm like, what? I swipe you what I just said. No, like automatically because it's just because like some people are just fall in love with for their for their personality and like their faith and really have anything to do with it, but it helps, you know? But like on, on those, you're just kind of like geared towards looks automatic. Yeah,
absolutely.
Yeah, it's uh it's awkward are looking for me. I just feel like a little awkward. Mhm.
No.
boy, I don't, I mean pick up lines are really funny, like, like as
long as they don't mean them if they're
doing it just for like for like a like comedic
effect. Yeah,
yeah, once they mean them, you're like, oh no, it's
not gonna work.
Yeah, I immediately left for Quebec. Um and I lived in Montreal for a little while. Uh I I worked in new york for a little bit too like not new york city, new york, but a place
called Plattsburgh. Um
because I started, I started working on farms, like doing that, I don't know if you've ever heard of roofing, it's um forget what exactly it stands for, but it's basically like you're allowed to, you can be like sort of nomadic in nature and
work for work for like room and board wherever wherever you go. And so I was just doing that for a while, just like hopping from place to place
and it was really cool. Um It didn't always work out some some some of the places I went were like not great, but you know, it's just sort of like how relationships like you just have to sift through and like find your like good fit. Um And I also lived in Los Angeles for a little bit and florida, so I just
like everywhere I can
pass
my girl.
So
good. Yeah, it's very strange for me to like live in where I live now and like have possessions because that thing for a while, I just like had two bags and like that was it. Um And there's something like really cool minimal about that, but there's also something about like having your own, like being able to have a space
that's just like your energy all around it and like these
beautiful objects you've accumulated over time, like
that. Yeah. So
we have we have reached 25 minutes, I'm not quite sure what to do now.
so do we um do we have to click through this like little arrow on the other? I mean
they paid?
Okay.
Um
the chat and itself or or is there like a button that we press? I'm
sorry.
I'm like,
all right, well, it was a pleasure to talk to you and it was a really fun experience.
Yeah, I never actually got your name. What was it?
I'm lucian.
Yeah. 3 to to uh have a beautiful day.
Thank
you.