I bet you $20 that you can't read with the newspaper out lab. How how did you know? I bet you $20 you can't read with. Mhm.
Oh great by now.
Look for three time doing it. So I'm
like
this is my third time doing this. So I'm pretty used.
Today.
it
was
perfect.
Yeah, I did the first one like a few weeks ago and then it stood up again in my feet and then they were like you can do this multiple times. So I was like might as
well. Yeah. Uh
huh.
In
coin.
I think yes because all all things have been during this time, but then it's also just about getting to know the other person kind of and just like, you know, so I'm kind of socialization through the screen. Really cool.
Other than other than for prolific. I haven't been doing any video chats either. I feel like I don't even video chat like my own friends or like stuff like that.
Video.
I've just never been. For me. It's just weird. I prefer like in person interactions more. Yeah.
But I also think it's like it's easier to talk to strangers through video than it is to talk to friends. I personally,
they've been okay. I think the first one was really, it was really easy because I was just talking to this person and he lived in the same area that I did growing up. So
yeah, he's like um probably in the middle age, so he gave me a lot of good advice, which is nice. Yeah.
The second
kind of awkward. Oh yeah,
I currently live in new york city and I have been since I was little. Yeah, it's kind of kind of wild but because of the virus and everything, but it's okay. Okay.
that's
Yeah. I guess for me, I just haven't been out at all for the past four months. I think I've only gone on about twice. Just my parents really strict about it and then worry that I might get it. So just like, like, oh, like yes, you're young, but the side effects in the aftermath of it is really bad. Like I find out, I don't know if you like, but you know Tiktok Yeah.
Once and then I just I found out on that app actually that people lose their sense of like hearing and then I hear they lose their sense of taste and smell. Sorry? Yeah. And like some people haven't even got on the back, which is kind of crazy because it's like a respiratory um
the kind of disease, but then people are losing their senses of smell and taste, which is very interesting. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh
Mhm.
Well.
That's
personal.
Yeah. I don't
know.
That's
Yeah. I think it's kind of crazy because even though I'm in a place where there's so many cases, I don't think I personally know a person is actually gone
the virus, which
is
Four.
Like, I know
it's last day. I know it's like like there are a lot of people that have it and people have been
talking about it on social media, but it's like, I don't know anyone personally, which is like a good thing because I don't want anyone to know to have it. So. Is that
well?
Yeah, I was in college. Yeah. And then I had to come. It was like, it happened right during my spring break and I wanted to go back and I feel like a lot of my friends also wanted to go back because at the time we didn't know how serious it would be and how fast it would be spreading and their parents, which is really strict about and they're like, no, you can't go back and then, but I ended up going back and then my dad not with me all the way back from they are. Um, I don't know it was my first year of college, but it was really fun kind of sided. Let's cut short. But Okay.
Yeah.
I mean I plan on return
all
even though it's a little bit risky. But I also think it's just better because I like, I just want to like live with my friends and just be more independent and I feel especially when I'm taking college classes, it's just better to be alone and the stress free in terms of like not having my parents like try to like being up in my face all the time because when I get home because of the fires, I still have classes. So it was hard to work around that and also be at home at the same time. See?
Yeah. I think most of them were also interviewed in the fall as well. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello?
I'm
in your class.
I mean the class of 2020 men For your class of 2020 then for high school. What
is that?
Well?
The impact
everyone's on their own path so, or?
Mhm,
Okay, that's a good one, I was a psychology,
Oh please sorry you can go
I'm studying mechanical engineering instead. Very big difference
but Yeah, yeah,
I guess just a big part was just I wanted to do something more uh stem related just because of the classes I took in high school, my senior year, I took more like engineering based classes and I realized I really want to do this as a career and I was like a kind of upset in the fact that I couldn't do some major in psychology because of that, but I was thinking maybe I could always minor in it, it's just because um I had a really great guidance counselor and then also my health which we used to be a therapist and I bonded with her really well, so I just really like um just the idea of like majoring in psychology and just getting to like learn more about how people think and helping people, but then I realized I could just do that in my daily life. So the worst do. Yeah.
What
you guys
are?
that works. Yeah.
You want partly because there's a specialized high schools also in new york city, but then for us it was more like just like it was more academic based in general, so it wasn't really like, oh like a school solely for the arts or school solely first them. But because my school was just more academic based in general, stem was really big in it. So because I like the subjects, I just ended up taking a lot of those classes senior year because I had the opportunity. So yeah. Why did you choose to major in psychology?
Special.
Mhm.
You got sick.
I want
to do
something.
They didn't want to school, but you probably look more excitement a needlessly if you finish your bachelor's and do choose to pursue the masters
throwing out
how,
You still have time to figure it out. I also think that, yeah, like helping people overcome depression and PTSD is, it's really important especially because it's super prevalent
and stuff
more so I don't know if it's just because like my generation is more open to talking about it or if it's just there's more um nowadays and people then there was back then, I'm not sure which one.
Super
open about it. Yeah.
This was part of every society and the stigmatism around it. I'm just trying to present yourself as someone who's like perfectly healthy in terms of the mental stuff.
But
there
especially smiles can hide so much beneath them. That's kind.
What?
Yes.
Yeah. I feel like if someone said that to me, it was just like open up the floor to just maybe talk more and maybe they don't get closer or something. But surprising that old people will be like great normally repel against. I don't know. All right.
I'm not gonna think about it every time I talked to like an adult if they're like, oh how is your dick? The auto automatic responses just good about you, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, that's
all.
Oh just polite. Your name's basically
okay. I think slowly we
can improve generation by generation people to like support the idea of being open about your emotions and stuff like that. Yeah.
I think
so.
I don't
know.
Yeah. In some ways I feel like like the relationship side of it that's gone down, but everything else has gone up if you know what I mean?
cookie right.
But
it's, I don't know.
Um I don't know. I feel like I'm more like a hopeless romantic. So I'm just like, am I born in like the wrong time period because of that? Just because it's like the whole like hook up culture and just a lot
of people are I find it hard to like commit to a relationship, which I totally get. I'm also scared of that. And paul people I tried to work over everything else now like it's worth it and stuff, which I also see myself doing in the future too. But that's also because I'm in this generation. But yeah.
I'm 19. So you guys.
Oh I have not of not an
instant and dating world. Yeah.
No.
ST
I feel like the because on Youtube where they do it in real life like the whole right, they pretend they're doing like a Tinder swipe like in person kind of thing. Yeah.
it's like a video type of thing. But a girl tries to speed day through like 30 guys in person and at the end she picks like one guy or something that central. Yeah.
Yeah. It's not for me but it's entertaining to watch at least.
pardon?
And
I also think even after you match like texting is so different than like online. Yeah.
of my friends that have been like have tried to do you have just the best pick up lines and stuff please Sorry
my boss hold in and then they just add a volume movie. Oh
market
This
you know open
Uh huh
I think
probably not. It's funny. So what are some things like the places that you traveled, you mentioned that earlier that you traveled after you graduated?
I
Mhm.
Sounds
glow.
Hopefully
one
day
it seems fun though. I mean like yes, it's definitely probably hard and stuff just move around a lot. But I feel like the experiences that you get from that I'm just
great.
No.
Products.
It's
Mhm.
More Yeah. I think there's like a survey after this such as like I asked you questions about the conversation you have with the person he is chopped with. Yeah. Yeah.
We
after we finish up our video chat then you can just click through. Mhm.
Yeah.
Very nice.
Are
you close
the window? Yeah. Yeah.
It was nice getting to know you was very interesting.
Angelina. What about you?
Yeah, it's nice to meet you.
You two stay
say