Annan,
how's it going?
Doing good.
for real. My last, my last schedule, same thing I had to reschedule because my life partner wouldn't show up. And the previous time I did it, nobody showed up and then I just didn't get to reschedule because at the end
of the things that concepts but who um
is this your first time doing it?
This is my third, I talked to me to other people before. The first two times I've done it, people showed up. So I was like okay, yeah, it seems like a pretty good turnout rate For the next two times. Nobody showed up. And I was like, I was we got like a 5050 chance this time.
Yeah right. It used to be like $15 or something and now it's like 20, so I was like, okay, I'm not gonna complain.
I would have done no matter what. Yeah, I would have done no matter what. So, but
so how are you, how's like,
yeah, you were kind of school and college grad school Bachelors?
Uh I just graduated myself, I just got my bachelor's in Psychology
and I'm starting to go to grad school so but given like the whole
pandemic thing that's happened uh
like it's all been pushed back, we congratulated back in december and the test that schedule just keeps getting pushed back and it's like I was supposed to take it in like March and then they sent me in february and they sent me an email and they're like oh it's gonna be scheduled to like March like okay. And then they sent me another email and was like that test area is closed down like you know, have to move it again. I was like all right, I did. As soon as I could move it to was october it was like there was no like time during the summer to take it. So I scheduled for october and so I'm giving it in like two weeks now.
you have been super crazy. How have you been here
with a broken neck?
I'm sorry. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Yeah. Do you live by yourself or?
Yeah I'm also at home just like I mean I was already living at home so I was fortunate not to have to do like a whole like moving around thing but I definitely
thought I would
be like living by myself right now. But then this year happened. Mhm. Never,
Yeah a lot. Are you in the U. S. Yeah I kind of figured I the last to people I've talked to are were in the U. S. And I kind of just assumed that that's where the study is taking place is like
all residents in the United States. But I wasn't entirely sure. Yeah.
they're like based in the U. K. Because you get paid in pounds. So I like expected to be paired up with people from the UK and it was like no it's all like american studies and look at it I guess my my son
but I wasn't working before the pandemic. I mean I was I was a waitress but uh uh the restaurant that I was waitressing at actually sold the restaurant like they were in the process of selling
the restaurant right before
all
this pandemic stuff
happened and like I was so I was around for like them like training the people who are going to take over the restaurant, it was like a family owned business so like really small like trade off, it was just like the tiny chinese restaurant that I worked at and uh
they ended up selling the restaurant and that's when the pandemic like it. So like I didn't
it's
I felt really bad for the woman that took it over because it was like worst possible timing. And my boss just like my
which I thought was like you know like I guess good for her but also really bad for the other lady. But I mean obviously then now that it was going to hit like this
I've heard it could last like another six
months to
a year. I mean I don't know
if that's true or not just given like how fast people will find a vaccine
for it all
and just like but who knows? But yeah that's great. Very upsetting. I for the most part has just been like kind of staying at home, I live with my parents who are my
dad
so much more on, but my dad is considered like high risk, so I really haven't been like going out or anything like that. Yeah,
I
think you are going out still, but I'm like, yeah, I'm good.
She she
hasn't gotten it though,
she already has gotten it
really, so I have
to
happen
who are nurses and they also got it. I feel like if you're a nurse you
just like we're going to get it.
That's
what I
yeah, because you're just always around it. Um But same same thing they got over in like a week, it wasn't super bad for them, but they're also both really young. I mean like both of them are under the age of like 30 and so they were
right, it's not like they were high risk or anything like that, but, but your mom was okay. Like no, last
So
she's okay.
She was really fighting it then. She was just like not dealing with it. You live in like the northern area or like
are you south or west cooked?
You live in texas. All right. I'm from Georgia so like there hasn't really been much as like a lockdown or anything. It's just kind of been, I mean we had like a very brief lockdown and then a, it seemed like it was okay for a while and it's got really bad and uh, my computer just like make me leave.
Okay. It like
swiped away.
Does that my computer is like, hey, it's time for updates come like, please not
now.
you're
like a tough
for that.
All
Yeah, mine will. I have like, I'm uh huh I have a
Mac book and so it like swiped all of my fabs so like I'm back in the home area,
taste forever then pop up and be like, you need to
update
whatever and I'm like, thanks for letting me, thanks for taking me out of what I was just working on just to tell me that. So I should probably looking
on how to disable that.
But every time it happens, I'm always looking in the middle of something so I'm like a now and then I forget about it. But yeah, so I'm from Georgia and we didn't really have any kind of lockdown situation or anything. So I mean it
is getting really bad there for a while. We were like, depending on the internet is like the worst state for cases and so yeah, that's also, I have been just like, I'm going to risk it and I'm going to go out
Yeah, I think,
Really? Do they, wow, I don't know. It's like most of like
the one side of my family are nurses that I don't talk to them frequently enough to know how bad it is. My brother is a Narciso and I do talk to him but he says he lives in Indiana. He's like, yeah, cases in
her hospital,
there really aren't that many. Oh
my God. No, I guess it's just, you know, different no matter where you are,
although
well,
that too.
Yeah, that's true. I live pretty close to Atlanta to like I live like right outside of Atlanta. So it's,
I mean, and cases are pretty bad
like around matter and like, especially like in the city and stuff
yeah traveling, you know the protests for a little while we're like uh
they kind of like spread out to like my area a lot. So that kind of like affected cases and whatnot. But I'm like maybe
I'll just
go away. I don't think about it
globally. But um yeah, it's exciting.
I don't like, I think, what was it? The museum island or something doesn't even have,
we can't.
Very
hot.
Good morning. Nothing
in her
place.
You
were
completely clear. I was like, how is an entire country like totally fine. And then we're still like really bad.
Like I don't know, it's just like
we have not handled the best. And then also
Yeah, but I was kind of wondering how they were preventing like any case whatsoever from coming in because they travel so close. I don't even know what
the situation with travel is, right?
You know? I know
right? I uh my boyfriend's brother actually has a wedding going on, he has a wedding right now.
I don't know why, but he has like two, he's planning on having like 200 people or whatever.
We're like that's a hard fast. But his parents
were planning on going and they were kind of looking into like, okay, how what is it that we can do? Well they booked flights like way back with months ago and of course those got cancelled, they had to be re found for that. And then they were going to just drive there. Well it turns out if you drive into the state and they see like an out of state license playing and finding like $2,000, like at least like a new
Yeah, I didn't know that you have to quarantine for at least like a week or two. What new york state? He's like over there like cracking me new
york state? Um But yeah they'll like find you if you don't because I was like how are they even gonna like keep track of, you know like whether or not you quarantine while it turns out they just have been looking for like out of state license plates. And so they were like yeah instead from not worth of fine.
boyfriend's brother isn't going to have my boyfriend or his parents there and his sister is not going, she
wasn't gonna go anyway because like she's pregnant and so it's like nobody in their family is pretty much going.
it's what and my brother actually is having a wedding more of Eve, is he scheduled it on New Year's Eve And he's only had planning to have like 40 people. But my whole thing is from just like we should just push it back, right?
Because
travel
very similar charter. I mean like I can't imagine it. I don't know, I don't get it, but whatever. And that's also like at least two months from now. So who knows, I could get better by then. But I feel like it's really unlikely. I definitely think it's going to keep going into the new year.
Yeah. Because they have to literally, they got to do like a testing and stuff on people. I mean even when they do kind of they still have to do like trial runs and they sure there's gonna be a lot before it's actually available to the public.
Yeah, I would think so. Green fingers crossed that happens that soon. I certainly don't want to have to be waiting around. I mean like right now it's not even a good time for like schooling. I mean unless you're good with online learning. And have you have you have you done online learning before?
I assume that my grad school would do the online, like I have a friend, he
actually um is in grad school right now and they're all back and forth between canceling school and not canceling school, but
for a while that I had him just working online from home. But the thing about grad school, there's a lot of it is like in person, a lot of it like presentations and working with the people
around you. And it's very
like,
yeah, it's not like, you
know, intro level college courses where you can just, I mean it's like history or something like that. I mean it's like this is going to be your field of work, so it's more like
hands on. Yeah, like I know I'm going to have to get like an internship and things
like that
and it's like, well how am I going to
be doing
a lot of this pandemic thing is still happening? Uh huh. Could be a lot. Do you know what all you're gonna, how many years are you going to have to?
He's going fred
See that's, I mean that's just like the thing about schools that so much of whatever it is you're trying to do, especially
if it's like you're trying to get certified in something, it's all just unavoidable. You have to do things in person. Yeah.
Times as a template center.
How many times has it been pushed back
twice
So they're doing it like monk. My mom pretty much. Yeah,
same here. It's like, it's like I get like close to the day and they're like, yeah, we were recommending this online, but like, I don't want to do like jerry testing online. I feel like I would be really bad. It's like, it has to be, it's like a proctor exam. You would have to like have like us specific,
like plates, like set up where like nothing is around you and they're super strict about no cheating. Like somebody would be watching
through the computer and like all of that distresses me out. I'm like, I'd much rather be like in the classroom. Yeah, right. I'd much rather just be like in a classroom. I don't
like the idea of just like being stared at by one person. It's like instead of like a classroom or it's just like you have somebody at the front and they can see like everybody, like make sure nobody's shooting and stuff. Like the idea of somebody just Staring at
Me one.
It's like I'm not doing anything bad, but now I feel like I am like, now, how am I supposed to do math if you're staring at me? You know? So that's my only problem with doing online testing is taking me a little struggle with that. Okay. But you know, hopefully, hopefully
a little bit. No, I'll be able to take the success month and get that all the way and then apply for school whenever that may be. But um Yeah.
Heart.
Thank you. We'll just like one of those things where it's like a it's a bummer because like, I'm 25 already and it's like, I, you know, I graduated from school last year and I already felt like I was taking forever in college. Just like get through it
because it It took me like five years to get well. I mean I was like finally we want to track like I think I know what I'm doing and I was like no you don't
I think that's not. It was
just
it was so I would so like I was just going back and forth between what it is that I wanted to do and for a little while I wanted to be a nurse and my because that I want to like I applied I got accepted, it's the same college I ended up going to anyway but I spent my first two years or three years of technical school trying to figure out what it is that I want to do. And I was like all right I'm gonna go to this for your school and I'm gonna apply for their nursing program. So like you went in and they look right if you're you know major is going to be nursing like you can just follow everybody else is going to be a nursing and that could be like a briefing. So I go in this lecture hall with a bunch of other people and the person who was in the front stood up and was like if you're here for nursing and you're planning on applying for
you know our nursing program here at this college, I'm just gonna let you know now that 90% of you in this room are not gonna make it
bye. Oh
I was like okay. Um Well I found out later on she was
I mean she was blunt about it but she was pretty much right because it was a very
like like you need a four point out basically and the entire like four years that you're there before you can apply for for their nursing program and they expect like a four point like it's super super competitive at the
school.
It is yeah,
there's a lot of people and I mean
he has a good job but there's a lot of people that want to
do it so because there's so many people who like it's such a like common like job and there's so much that you have to do for it. It's like very competitive.
On.
my
God. Oh my gosh,
that's a lot.
Good for her though because I'm only going for my masters, so that's just like 23 years. But like I look into doctorate and it's like an extra high
six years and that's just a five, it's just a lot
of.
Yeah and just the amount of like and then also I'm sure she probably has to like actually go into like a hospital and there's probably, I'm sure if he has like an internship or something and she has to do like field hours and things.
is Okay. So she's working
out while getting
continuing education.
Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, that's what my brother was going for a while was, he did like a year of schooling, some certification as well, but I'm not entirely sure. But he was also working at the hospital at the time. That kind of helped the fact that we already had a job in the system.
Yeah, you already have your foot in the door. So it's pretty, pretty conveniently, I'm like, I really actually get like a job like as I don't know, like a perception ist or something somewhere and like a therapist office, just get my foot in the door, get to know some of those people so that, you know when the time comes, like graduate with master's degree.
also knowing people like personally really a lot. I mean just
yeah, in general, just what people have told me is that you know who you knows, who you know matters just as much as like what you know
making this I know it it really does suck. Like a lot of the places that like even applying to grad school, you have to have letters of recommendation. Like from
like, like the one college that I wanted to apply to, They have to have at least a minimum of two letters of recommendation from the teachers like that. I want no for my bachelor's degree in, I didn't talk with
any of my teachers. I went to class, I did my work, I got my eyes, I went home like I didn't I didn't talk to any teachers and like, so I didn't stand out. So like, even though I did good in the classes, I didn't make any connections with the teachers. Like, you know, there would be people who would like talk a whole bunch of teachers or they like, you know, you could be a ta I guess that would help. But you know, people who would just like sit back from the class and like talk a whole lot. They would actually try to like, you know, be super friendly with the teacher and the teacher with their face. And now I'm just like, oh my gosh, I got a sandwich, mass emails out to every teacher I've ever had and just be like, hey, do you remember me? I was in your class like having some rest years ago, can you give me a letter? And I'm hoping that don't have to get a copy and paste recommendation letter the
book. Give me because it's like, I don't know
anybody, but
And you know,
that's that's definitely something I wish I would've known
earlier. But what are you gonna do?
it's big you like, I've heard that like, it's really important to make connections and things like that, but that was like the one thing that I didn't do that, like if I could go back, like, yeah, I definitely would have been like one of those people who tried to make more connections because it really does kind of come back. So you have to send out some letters and be like, hey, maybe I can get like, some people like that, you know, maybe not teachers, but if I can submit like other letters of recommendation from a real sport, something, I don't know, but I figured that out after I care my test.
Right, How long are we supposed to talk? Like how long is it? Isen't it like 25 minutes? Okay, cool.
How long has it been?
I think
I entered it like exactly six, so like let's wait like two more minutes just in case. Yeah.
Yeah. How many siblings do you have?
I remember. Mhm.
Same exact situation. And my sister hairdresser are now not hairdresser and looking for something
Did she forgot
because of it or does she just not feel comfortable doing it?
Your mom, my sister was Hair stylist for 27 years, were half sisters, so she's a little bit, but she was a hairstylist for 27 years and then she just recently moved down to Georgia from Ohio. And uh she was just like well because of the pandemic and because I'm tired of cutting people's hair, she's
just like done with it, she's like I'm done making small talk with people that I don't really get
along with and she's like, it's basically like a customer service job, pretty much as far as like how many people you have to interact with every day. Um
She's just like, yeah, I'm pretty much done
with
it,
so same thing. She's like one target.
She's just kind of laying back. She um my brother in law was also looking
for a job
currently. Like neither of them have jobs, but they were like yeah, we'll move down here and then we'll figure it out.
that's why
I signed
up.
But it
I
totally got right.
Um Yeah, okay.
I think it's been like
Yeah, absolutely. To man, hang in there,