SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. I bet you think you couldn't. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Right. Yeah. Well, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Right. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. All right, Sure. Start up again too. Yeah. Translation. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Chicken. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the super, I can't hold up, I can't hear anything.
SPEAKER_L: How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Oh good. Are you
SPEAKER_L: That's too bad. I
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: am scott. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: uh I'm Alexis.
SPEAKER_L: You don't Yeah. This your first time doing one of these chat things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It is yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This is my second time doing one. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: It seems like it'd be pretty awkward just talking about random stuff for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: It's not it's not too bad. What's going on? And now everybody sent at home anyways for easy to shout online. Uh
SPEAKER_R: True. Okay well uh I'll let you take the lead with that because I I don't know what the
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: state do you live in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Tennessee
SPEAKER_L: And I see I live in New Jersey. So how's the pandemic over there by you?
SPEAKER_R: uh Everything, I don't know what's going like the cases are just like skyrocketed pretty recently. Um I think we're like on a list now, like they're the I think for New Jersey and new york, if you come from Tennessee and a few other states, you have to quarantine for two weeks once you arrive my step, this went up there uh yesterday.
SPEAKER_L: Right because you have what he called? We were like that back in like april it was real bad in New Jersey back like april and May and stuff like that was really bad but it's it's it's gotten a lot better since then.
SPEAKER_R: Alright, are things open right now? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um Something's something's no like we have outdoor dining and we have um like beaches and stuff like that but like museums and stuff like that aren't really like fully open yet and stuff like that, indoor dining. Absolutely absolutely not. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh They just reopened the indoor dining here so people are still out and about, people still aren't wanting to wear masks and whatnot. So I haven't come out too much. Most people are either like not working right now or working from home
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I'm the same way too. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just I'm not working right now so it's nuts.
SPEAKER_R: Well we're going to be work from Salt Lake, I have an office job. So most of the stuff we do, we don't have to be inside for that anyway. So we should have been working from home before you ask me.
SPEAKER_L: Catch up. Yeah no it's it's it's like a side right now, it's I don't think anybody knows what's going on. They look at our president, he doesn't know what's going on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: It looks like it's starting to like uh taper down in other countries, so it's just here, nobody is like taking anything seriously and everything is going left
SPEAKER_L: There's there's
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: there's a couple of countries they're getting pretty op ed, like brazil is horrible right now. They're really there were horrible. Russia is still pretty bad in India is still pretty bad right
SPEAKER_R: Any
SPEAKER_L: now. There goes
SPEAKER_R: this has a lot of people up there. So I totally get like they have like a billion over a billion people so I don't even know what you would do for that Russia is pretty spread out, so that's kind of shocking that that's such a big deal there.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's it's weird because it's it's kind of weird because, you know, that's generally a colder country, so they got a lot of cases, but the mortality rate is very, very low there. Which is shocking because you figure with the cold climate that would affect people more. But it doesn't it's a little surprising you just figure because like, even now with Arizona, I mean, they're like 100° weather all the time. They say that was supposed that the heat supposed to kill the virus. I'm like
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: uh like I don't think it's working through Arizona
SPEAKER_R: it's funny they said that however um you know, like 90 plus degree, whether it's supposed to like keep the virus down, but if you think about it,
SPEAKER_L: like paris.
SPEAKER_R: if your internal body temperature is 96.8 or whatever, so that's not true, I don't know where they get their information from, so,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's something that
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I've ever seen before. That's why nobody has any any idea what's really going on with. The thing is exactly nobody, nobody knows exactly. Nobody really knows anything about the stars. I mean the herbalist, you know, doctors, nobody knows.
SPEAKER_R: True. But you would think it was like okay if it lives inside your body that clearly it could live in 90° weather. Like I saw that I was just like who put this together, This is this is weird, I only say that because I'm a biology major, so I took biology, I was just like this is sketchy information that the news is putting out, but
SPEAKER_L: I understand. But like you said before, you know, like I said, when it's in a person's body, you know, it's it's enclosed. So it's like, it's like, like when you, when you're, when you're outside, you know, like the sunlight, you know, like, you know, like seriously burns out, but when you're endures it's in a controlled
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: environment, like our bodies, you know what I'm saying? It's different. You know? I
SPEAKER_R: Can't,
SPEAKER_L: mean That's that's why like, I mean if a person would sit outside for 24 hours a day, they probably wouldn't have the virus. but if they're, you know, indoors, you know, like at least you know a couple hours, that's just the
SPEAKER_R: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: way it is. You know what I mean? But somebody like those people that are like, you know like those like I guess people that go out there camping all the time or just you know, people sleep in hammocks and stuff like that and they probably won't get the virus, you know? You know, that's just the way things
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: probably.
SPEAKER_R: been thinking about that too, and the whole um quarantining things. Probably not super great because the way your immune system works is that the more you uh come across various like bacteria and germs, like whenever you go outside and all that stuff, the stronger immune system gets because like it's coming in contact with like an agenda pathogens and all that stuff, like develops your antibodies for that. But if you're not doing that then It's not actively doing anything so it weakens over time. So it's like that's 22. Do I go outside and run the risk getting it from this person who is not like wearing PPE and whatnot? Or do I stay inside and run the risk of weaken my immune system? So I don't I don't know what we're supposed to be doing right now. It doesn't
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I know it doesn't.
SPEAKER_R: screwed either way.
SPEAKER_L: because because like I said I have a new I sign up for newsletter for for this herbalist who like, you know, it has been um he's
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: a pretty good reputation and stuff like that. And his thing is like I said all the time. He's saying, oh, it's no big deal. It's like, oh, don't worry mask and this doesn't help anything and all sort of stuff. I'm like, yeah, like all the stuff that will kill it. I'm like, like telling the people of Arizona in brazil right now. I'm like, you go, all right, I'll tell you what sir, you go over there personally without him asking one of those hospitals and you go out there and tell them, don't worry about it. And then when you get sick, you know that, then you can go over there and like, you know, have a red face and say, oh, sorry, I was wrong. And I'm like, look at the guy. I'm like, are you kidding me? Like, how can you say it's no big deal? I just like the guy who said, you know, he's like, uh, it's nothing. I'm like, are you kidding me? Like I was like, tell that to anybody in brazil right now. They're like, yeah, it's nothing, right?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Thank you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: again.
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: brazil is like,
SPEAKER_R: is there? He's like, his family is kind of starting to get worried now because like it's really spreading over there, but they live in like a more rural area, so I don't, I don't think it's gotten to them quite yet, but it's pretty scary how it's moving around, but I feel like for the most part of the most the mortality rate is uh dropping, so that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, absolutely. It's because it's affecting more the younger crowd. But I heard in texas supposedly it's a,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: won't
SPEAKER_L: you call it, affecting young people. But a lot of people, a lot of young kids again, young people are hospitalized there. It's like real bad in texas. That's what I heard.
SPEAKER_R: like I just saw videos on news a little while ago, it's like people are going crazy. All these pool parties and concerts and all this look out, It was just like, have you all forgotten where the middle of a pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: back. Well, the thing is, you can understand because I said trump all the time. It's like, you know, this is the president, United States, like it's no big deal, don't worry about it. And it's like, you don't go away. It's like, it's like a 90 to 90% no problem. Like, you know what I mean? Like uh okay buddy, it's like you're not gonna get reelected buddy. Uh
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. I don't know. I would take pretty much most of what he says with a grain of salt. I mean he was a reality tv show
SPEAKER_L: back pain.
SPEAKER_R: person, so I'm just kind of like, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Exactly. I'm looking forward to sports, but I don't know if I have any sports this year. I really don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I'll tell they cancel the minor leagues uh games for the, I think just for this year maybe
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure because I know I'm major league
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: pretty cool. They're supposed to have 60 game season, but they're saying so many players are backing out there right now because they're spiking so much down in the south. That's where usually have this uh spring training down the south. So if that's, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen. And then like I said, football, like I said it's gonna be, it's gonna be rough because you know people it's close contact, you know uh
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: sport and then they have a lot of cold weather um games
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and stuff like that. And then basketball, you know it's very confined because you have to, you know, it was very close, close. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Like
SPEAKER_L: You know, the people are really close together when they play and stuff like that. I mean, I just don't know. I mean, soccer's probably sadly probably one of the safer sports because you know, the people are just kicking the ball from the left side and that side all over the place. And then there's just really not that close, but often, but I just don't know what the safest professional sport of course, besides race car driving obviously will probably be like, we'll probably be there golf. Or like I said, tennis because tennis there opposite sides up the size of a quarter and tenant. I mean golf, I mean, we have to have is one guy there and then the guy could and uh, give you any other what you call it, you know what we call it, the
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: locker room or whatever like that. Like All right, you can come out now sir. I mean that's about it though. I mean I just don't know what else people are going to do.
SPEAKER_R: Well I saw that they're looking into doing some of the sports without a live audience, but I don't think that work out very well because people want to be there, so
SPEAKER_L: plus the players and stuff like that. They want to see their families, they want to go out and do stuff too. I mean you have to literally self isolate themselves to have those items because I mean like you know because the reason why New Zealand right now is completely virus face because they completely close their borders. They're
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: only allowing people in their own country to be around because New Zealand is completely virus free right now. New Zealand
SPEAKER_R: I felt like that's the case for a lot of the south pacific countries in general, like Tonga Samoa. Um I think maybe Fiji all of those places that are super isolated, they don't really have that many cases and even with Hawaii, they don't have many now, like they've had that travel restriction for the longest. I feel like since like March for april and they're they're going to start relaxing it in august hopefully uh I want to go for my birthday but uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: well we'll see. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: had I had my my birthday back in april in New Jersey so I had to quarantine for my birthday. So that was fun. Is what it is. It's better than that being the hospital any day of the week,
SPEAKER_R: That's not true. That's very true. That would be careful.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Well, like I said, the only good thing is I got to try because we call them at that time. I was a little bit more worried about the take out and stuff like that. I got to, so I got a delivery of what he called uh deep dish pieces from Chicago. So I got pizza Chicago something I'll probably never get in my lifetime. So okay, why not? I was like, why not?
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I've got more takeout in these past couple of months and I have my his life, this is ridiculous. But I mean at least it's helping those businesses to stay open
SPEAKER_L: bye.
SPEAKER_R: during this time and then
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: I can get my fruit so it's a win win with that. But it sucks here like the like bars and all those types of places because there's not anything that can do right now and you know Nashville
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: music city so they that whole downtown area is like struck like
SPEAKER_L: The biggest problem with box.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people going out of business right
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: Well, like you said bars, it's almost impossible to have a bar for, for multiple reasons because alcohol number one lowers your immune system for, for what you call, if you drink too much, Number two, you can't trust the people be responsible because all you have to have some drunk fool in there and then you know he's gonna take off his mask or you know start getting too close to the slobbering all over the next person or whatever like that. And then the same thing you sanitary, you just don't know sanitary into the bars are because you know like people are just not really that sanitary in bars and stuff like that so you can understand really?
SPEAKER_R: still like some of them are still operating but they're like people are recording it so they're getting fine of all these citations and it's like, is it really worth it to try to operate?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah exactly. I mean it's like it's like it's pick your poison, you know like lose a couple of $1000 here but then make you know a couple a couple extra $1000 in business revenue. So in the end it goes off because instead of you know getting zero, you're gonna make a couple of 1000 versus you know, you know like a lot more, you know, I know I understand. It's just it's a tough thing to weigh in. It's tough.
SPEAKER_R: I miss being able to go places I can't go to six flags.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I can't,
SPEAKER_L: actually believe or not went to six flags. What was it, the end of May not like it, But I'm lucky because I got to drive through safari and they allow you to go from your own car. That was great. You're driving your own car at the windows closed, you drive right through and you go see all the animals. That was great. It was wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: I have a safari park here towards Memphis and I want to go at some point before everything reopens. But
SPEAKER_L: Is the drive through
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it is.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know how to feel about having random animals coming to my window in the car. It's like, I feel like they could have like sludge everything. I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: the brain
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: are,
SPEAKER_R: would be,
SPEAKER_L: it's a brand new car or if it's a convertible then you're in trouble. But if it's if it's a, you know, an older car and you know, it's starting to go with the paint job like that or if you don't have a soft roof, you should be fine. But obviously if you got a brand new car, it's meticulous. Or if like I said, you got a soft roof and I don't know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: it's a little bit under a year so it is
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: probably fine. But I'm just wondering cause I've seen videos where like the animals won't move and it's just like I can't go anyway. Obviously pestle,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Well back when I was a kid, I remember that's what happened to our car one time. I think it was a moose or something like that. He just ran full speed right into her. I'm not forceful speed, but he just ran right into the right into the car. We're gonna charge it hit the side of the car. I mean like crushing, crushing but you know, he just came out of nowhere just zip it.
SPEAKER_R: we'll be terrified.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, it was just a little like mousse or something. I mean you're in a car.
SPEAKER_R: A real boost. That sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I know, but you know, it's it's you know, it was a rhino or something. I'd be worried that be I'd be worried.
SPEAKER_R: Well, well it sounds like bison do that too, and that's very very good. Water shoot.
SPEAKER_L: I'd be worried about advice and too, but I mean a moose or you know, a moose or deer, whatever, like that's scary. But I'd be much more worried about rhino, hippo or telephone or something like that. I'd be worried about that. I've been much more worried about that. But you know, hey, I said that's just what it was when I was a kid. They were much more open with that stuff and that. It's not, it's a little more confined and stuff like that where they have certain animals out there, it's a little more confined, little more controlled. But this thing is they're supposed to have a like a a buggy type system which takes you to the park. But obviously, you know with the quarantine, they can't do that obviously is that people in their cars. But it was great though. I haven't done that since Geez are like 15 years or something. Great to do that again. Just like Christ
SPEAKER_R: I'd like to do a job through animal part before, so that sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_L: It's good. I mean it's just like that. I mean if you have somebody's car like in your household or somebody you know that they don't care about the car. You always borrowed their car or go with them and stuff like that and you have to worry about the car like do you care about your car like? No. All right, let's go. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's my biggest thing is like please don't put a dent in my car. I don't have,
SPEAKER_L: I mean if there are I mean are six flags by us does have what's called rhinos and they got some big animals there. But I mean elephants are confined stuff like that. But the rhinos are loose and then some of the bison, some of the there are some pretty big animals there so they can do some damage. So you have to look up and see what kind of animals they have there and see how confined they are because they
SPEAKER_R: I don't think they have anything that big, it's privately owned. Uh So it's just kind of like a family area, like to have some petting zoo stuff, they have some uh larger animals as well, but they don't have anything like lions and tigers and rhinos or anything. Uh There might be a giraffe out there, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that sounds
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: it might like your window or something that's about it. About all they do their their promos. But yeah, it's just a bigger regressive ones that says you got to worry about but you know obviously yeah, you're not gonna see any lions or anything like that. Whoever like that or bears or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Don't be a terrible time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I love you. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: The wine
SPEAKER_L: Of the
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: heart. No.
SPEAKER_R: having won uh tiger Key. So so the myrtle Beach safari, like I've seen a lot of videos of the tigers and the lions speaking their heads in people's cars, it's like, nope,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: no, don't do it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's not even even
SPEAKER_R: I was not
SPEAKER_L: yeah even bears. I would I wouldn't want to be around a bear either.
SPEAKER_R: no, absolutely not. The only time I've seen a bear in real life, like I've seen smaller ones that like the Atlanta Zoo, but I think I went to the Bronx zoo and saw the public there. I was like absolutely not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they're
SPEAKER_R: No, I
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: big, definitely
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: bears are big big. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: You have a grizzly bears in like East Tennessee though, like in the Gatlinburg Rocky Mountains. Eric you have to watch out for those. That's not fun.
SPEAKER_L: Well Jersey I think in the north part of Jerseys black bears, that's about it. I don't know if there's grizzly bears in New Jersey but I was black bears, but they're, you know, they're big enough to hurt somebody. But you know, like I said, if you got a bigger, bigger person, like £300 like, you know, like officer Lyman type fella, he'll be okay. But you know, he'll be all right. But
SPEAKER_R: I think I watch from a safe distance. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. But if a grizzly bear is like, I don't care how that person is. They're in trouble. They're in trouble
SPEAKER_R: Marriage.
SPEAKER_L: there that are polar bear, They're in trouble.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Okay. Like the polar bears, like the largest bear species? That thing is huge. Fine,
SPEAKER_L: their banks.
SPEAKER_R: terrible,
SPEAKER_L: I'd be like
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: going into the ocean with a 20 ft grade. Who grabbed Great White. That'd be
SPEAKER_R: You like thank you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that'd be scary.
SPEAKER_R: actually you wants at some point go cage diving. That would be
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if I want to do that. I've seen said I've seen, what do you call the two movies. That was it? Uh 40 47 m down below and 47 m down on cage.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, no, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: where it would happen to you like a completely enclosed um cage. Like I see the ones to have like that little space just right there. It's like all you have to do is just like stick figure that's last year. Our so
SPEAKER_L: I would just feel like I'd rather just do a submarine with like a window on the bottom because they're not going to break through that glass. That's for sure. Just got like, you know, like a submarine with like a window on the bottom or something. That's what I've been like. I'm like, that's close enough for me.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That was one of the things that I meant to do. I was in Hawaii but I never got around to doing that. But the cage diving thing um I'm trying to think the only thing that I would, I don't feel like the sharks would break the gauge.
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I just worry about, like I said, it's just anything happens to cable snaps or, you know, just something like there's a mechanical or on one of the doors and it just happens
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: over open or something like that. Then we got a problem.
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: That's what I'm up. I would not want to deal with that. Not worth it.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That the submarines, those are my cousins did that whenever they came and they said that was kind of scary too and they didn't see that many fish. So it probably just depends on like when and where you go.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. It's the same thing like this, the species of shark because, you know, some great whites are just, you know, most of them are like really, really aggressive. But I mean there's something like that won't bother you. And then there's bull sharks which you know are ferocious animals. They only go up to like about 10, 15, between 10 and 11, maybe 12 ft long. But those things are vicious bull sharks, they're vicious. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: they are apex predator
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, they're they're fish and they go fresh water to, which is very scary. They
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: go both.
SPEAKER_R: it is from. And I feel like for the most part sharks, I I never hear about them like consuming like a whole person. They might like take a bite out. It's like what is it?
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: don't like a directorial animals
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: taste.
SPEAKER_L: all the way they would as if like here in the middle of the ocean and there's a lot of around and there's a ton of underwater and they're
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: hungry. That's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: about your
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: only chance.
SPEAKER_R: do you go?
SPEAKER_L: But but the odds of that happening or something done, so if you knew the shore you should be okay, Should be okay. It's just like I said,
SPEAKER_R: I'm a
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: nurse.
SPEAKER_L: careful.
SPEAKER_R: That was aren't too bad. Like I've been out there to see nurse sharks but I haven't anything that was too big though.
SPEAKER_L: As long as you have your hands away from their mouth, they're fine. There's, there's just won't bother you. So they said nurses won't bother. You take lemon sharks. Okay. They're not bad. They're, they're, they're not too bad to, there's a couple that are like, not too bad, but other ones like tiger sharks, stay away from them. Bull sharks, Makos, great whites, all of them that are blue sharks. I'd stay away from there.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like all of that stuff pops up around the south pacific. There's everything out there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well that's why Australia. Forget about. I would even swim in those beaches. They have great weights right off the right off the coast there, right off the boats. The tons in Australia. I would never want to swim on those beaches.
SPEAKER_R: Oh surely everything wants to kill you out there. I'm gonna wants to kill you this people to kill you. The crocodiles. Like
SPEAKER_L: We got the brown snakes. I got everything. Brown snakes, rough. It's rough. You go anywhere outside the city. It's rough.
SPEAKER_R: Do you want to see the koalas? So
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that'd be nice. Just
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: breaking
SPEAKER_L: dependent, just like the pandas in china to be nice to pin this. But yeah, there's
SPEAKER_R: uh Atlanta has pandas. For whatever reason, they always seem to have the twin baby sarah. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I've never been to san Diego san Diego. I was supposed to be a world class two. I've never been there. That's, that's supposed to be world class san Diego. So
SPEAKER_R: don't go to the Honolulu zoo, there is nothing that,
SPEAKER_L: nothing there.
SPEAKER_R: but I mean it makes sense because they would have to fly all that stuff out there, which would be very inconvenient but but I wondered if Australia like what there's use look like because they would also have to fly that kind of stuff out there too.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they have to, they have the climate for pretty much anything, but it's just like you said, I mean it's so isolated from the world pretty much because it's just like kind of like in the middle of nowhere, but I'm not sure how they worked out around. That's a good question because
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't, I feel like it would be kind of dangerous to transport animals for that long, like blow or aircraft or any really.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, is obviously aircraft or cargo or cargo ship. Some one of those things, cargo ships always probably the one of the safest ways to go because it's slow moving, you know, it's steady, it's relatively safe because you know, it's not too many. Um You know, I guess you could say like um like uh obstructions in the water and stuff like that. So it just takes a long time to take a ship going anywhere. Even if you're coming from, you know anywhere, it takes a lot
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: longer.
SPEAKER_R: been scared of be away by a tsunami or something else like No, I know that I had a weather occasionally out in the middle of the ocean and
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: I'm not. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: enough tank, you'll be all right, you got a big enough tanker, I think you'll be alright. You just got to be a really big tanker. You just you know,
SPEAKER_R: it is super scary
SPEAKER_L: it's rough but I mean it's rough.
SPEAKER_R: like it's but if there's like no land anywhere around you, you're just like, well, you know, well I guess I just have to stay here and that's that. So
SPEAKER_L: no that's why we shoot if you're gonna go out in the middle of the ocean, make sure you're on a big boat. You don't wanna be a sailboat in the ocean, that's for sure. They definitely want to be a sailboat, even a big one. I still don't know. Okay. And that's no way you want one big storm. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: It's like little, well they're not like super little but they're like probably 11 or 12 ft. Those Wayfair boats that the indigenous people from Taiwan went to go hop on all those south pacific islands. I don't know how they did that because that seems like that would be a terrible time to you. Like we have all these Pacific Islanders that came from those people and it's just like how did you get here? This is like out 5000 miles 7000 miles out into the ocean. Like I'm very confused.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I understand it completely. I totally understand what you mean by that. Uh huh. All
SPEAKER_R: and then they have like whole like I'm not saying that they have huge populations but they're usually like at least like 100 thousands of people. Maybe a little under that but there's still a lot of people to come from however many people they sent out there to island. So mm
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: crazy to think about.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I know there's a lot of things in the world, like I said you don't know a lot about the world. I mean it's because they could go 150 times in the same spot, you know in the middle of the ocean with a submarine. And they probably literally Probably, I don't know like 75-80 times to find something new every time. That's correct.
SPEAKER_R: that is true I bet megatons down there somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: exactly the way it is. It's just you know, it's a big world, A lot a lot to explore. But you know um appear it's uh it's it's it says it's 427 the requirements for 25 minutes. So it's up to you if you want to end it or if you or if
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: what I was working. I was like I think it's about time. If we're good then we can
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: totally
SPEAKER_R: end up here. Uh
SPEAKER_L: you want to go that's fine. That's told it to you. Half edge everything. That's it. Oh that's starting out
SPEAKER_R: that wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be
SPEAKER_L: Just yeah just just chat. That's it. That's exactly it. All right I'll take care Alexis.
SPEAKER_R: you do.