Yeah, that's the super, I can't hold up, I can't hear anything.
Oh good. Are you
look
uh I'm Alexis.
It is yeah.
It seems like it'd be pretty awkward just talking about random stuff for 25 minutes.
True. Okay well uh I'll let you take the lead with that because I I don't know what the
so
I'm in Tennessee
uh Everything, I don't know what's going like the cases are just like skyrocketed pretty recently. Um I think we're like on a list now, like they're the I think for New Jersey and new york, if you come from Tennessee and a few other states, you have to quarantine for two weeks once you arrive my step, this went up there uh yesterday.
Alright, are things open right now? Mhm.
Yeah. Uh They just reopened the indoor dining here so people are still out and about, people still aren't wanting to wear masks and whatnot. So I haven't come out too much. Most people are either like not working right now or working from home
Yeah.
Well we're going to be work from Salt Lake, I have an office job. So most of the stuff we do, we don't have to be inside for that anyway. So we should have been working from home before you ask me.
It looks like it's starting to like uh taper down in other countries, so it's just here, nobody is like taking anything seriously and everything is going left
now.
Any
this has a lot of people up there. So I totally get like they have like a billion over a billion people so I don't even know what you would do for that Russia is pretty spread out, so that's kind of shocking that that's such a big deal there.
I think
it's funny they said that however um you know, like 90 plus degree, whether it's supposed to like keep the virus down, but if you think about it,
if your internal body temperature is 96.8 or whatever, so that's not true, I don't know where they get their information from, so,
so
True. But you would think it was like okay if it lives inside your body that clearly it could live in 90° weather. Like I saw that I was just like who put this together, This is this is weird, I only say that because I'm a biology major, so I took biology, I was just like this is sketchy information that the news is putting out, but
No.
Can't,
Beautiful.
I've
been thinking about that too, and the whole um quarantining things. Probably not super great because the way your immune system works is that the more you uh come across various like bacteria and germs, like whenever you go outside and all that stuff, the stronger immune system gets because like it's coming in contact with like an agenda pathogens and all that stuff, like develops your antibodies for that. But if you're not doing that then It's not actively doing anything so it weakens over time. So it's like that's 22. Do I go outside and run the risk getting it from this person who is not like wearing PPE and whatnot? Or do I stay inside and run the risk of weaken my immune system? So I don't I don't know what we're supposed to be doing right now. It doesn't
screwed either way.
Do you
get
Mhm. Thank you
again.
What
is there? He's like, his family is kind of starting to get worried now because like it's really spreading over there, but they live in like a more rural area, so I don't, I don't think it's gotten to them quite yet, but it's pretty scary how it's moving around, but I feel like for the most part of the most the mortality rate is uh dropping, so that's good.
You
won't
like I just saw videos on news a little while ago, it's like people are going crazy. All these pool parties and concerts and all this look out, It was just like, have you all forgotten where the middle of a pandemic?
mm hmm. I don't know. I would take pretty much most of what he says with a grain of salt. I mean he was a reality tv show
person, so I'm just kind of like, you know,
I'll tell they cancel the minor leagues uh games for the, I think just for this year maybe
and
and
No.
Mhm. Like
what?
Well I saw that they're looking into doing some of the sports without a live audience, but I don't think that work out very well because people want to be there, so
You
I felt like that's the case for a lot of the south pacific countries in general, like Tonga Samoa. Um I think maybe Fiji all of those places that are super isolated, they don't really have that many cases and even with Hawaii, they don't have many now, like they've had that travel restriction for the longest. I feel like since like March for april and they're they're going to start relaxing it in august hopefully uh I want to go for my birthday but uh
well we'll see. Oh.
That's not true. That's very true. That would be careful.
I feel like I've got more takeout in these past couple of months and I have my his life, this is ridiculous. But I mean at least it's helping those businesses to stay open
during this time and then
I can get my fruit so it's a win win with that. But it sucks here like the like bars and all those types of places because there's not anything that can do right now and you know Nashville
music city so they that whole downtown area is like struck like
a lot of people going out of business right
now
still like some of them are still operating but they're like people are recording it so they're getting fine of all these citations and it's like, is it really worth it to try to operate?
I miss being able to go places I can't go to six flags.
Like
I can't,
I have a safari park here towards Memphis and I want to go at some point before everything reopens. But
yeah, it is.
But I don't know how to feel about having random animals coming to my window in the car. It's like, I feel like they could have like sludge everything. I don't know,
I
would be,
it's a little bit under a year so it is
probably fine. But I'm just wondering cause I've seen videos where like the animals won't move and it's just like I can't go anyway. Obviously pestle,
we'll be terrified.
A real boost. That sucks.
Well, well it sounds like bison do that too, and that's very very good. Water shoot.
I'd like to do a job through animal part before, so that sounds interesting.
it's my biggest thing is like please don't put a dent in my car. I don't have,
I don't think they have anything that big, it's privately owned. Uh So it's just kind of like a family area, like to have some petting zoo stuff, they have some uh larger animals as well, but they don't have anything like lions and tigers and rhinos or anything. Uh There might be a giraffe out there, I don't know.
But
Don't be a terrible time.
The wine
like
having won uh tiger Key. So so the myrtle Beach safari, like I've seen a lot of videos of the tigers and the lions speaking their heads in people's cars, it's like, nope,
no, don't do it.
I was not
no, absolutely not. The only time I've seen a bear in real life, like I've seen smaller ones that like the Atlanta Zoo, but I think I went to the Bronx zoo and saw the public there. I was like absolutely not.
No, I
don't
know.
You have a grizzly bears in like East Tennessee though, like in the Gatlinburg Rocky Mountains. Eric you have to watch out for those. That's not fun.
I think I watch from a safe distance. Yeah.
Marriage.
Mhm. Okay. Like the polar bears, like the largest bear species? That thing is huge. Fine,
terrible,
terrible.
You like thank you
actually you wants at some point go cage diving. That would be
Great.
And
where it would happen to you like a completely enclosed um cage. Like I see the ones to have like that little space just right there. It's like all you have to do is just like stick figure that's last year. Our so
Mhm. That was one of the things that I meant to do. I was in Hawaii but I never got around to doing that. But the cage diving thing um I'm trying to think the only thing that I would, I don't feel like the sharks would break the gauge.
Very
good.
Thank
you.
Two.
Mhm. That the submarines, those are my cousins did that whenever they came and they said that was kind of scary too and they didn't see that many fish. So it probably just depends on like when and where you go.
they are apex predator
what
it is from. And I feel like for the most part sharks, I I never hear about them like consuming like a whole person. They might like take a bite out. It's like what is it?
They
don't like a directorial animals
taste.
All
And
how
do you go?
I'm a
nurse.
That was aren't too bad. Like I've been out there to see nurse sharks but I haven't anything that was too big though.
I feel like all of that stuff pops up around the south pacific. There's everything out there.
Oh surely everything wants to kill you out there. I'm gonna wants to kill you this people to kill you. The crocodiles. Like
Do you want to see the koalas? So
we're
breaking
uh Atlanta has pandas. For whatever reason, they always seem to have the twin baby sarah. So
don't go to the Honolulu zoo, there is nothing that,
but I mean it makes sense because they would have to fly all that stuff out there, which would be very inconvenient but but I wondered if Australia like what there's use look like because they would also have to fly that kind of stuff out there too.
I wouldn't, I feel like it would be kind of dangerous to transport animals for that long, like blow or aircraft or any really.
I've
been scared of be away by a tsunami or something else like No, I know that I had a weather occasionally out in the middle of the ocean and
I'm not. Yes.
it is super scary
like it's but if there's like no land anywhere around you, you're just like, well, you know, well I guess I just have to stay here and that's that. So
It's like little, well they're not like super little but they're like probably 11 or 12 ft. Those Wayfair boats that the indigenous people from Taiwan went to go hop on all those south pacific islands. I don't know how they did that because that seems like that would be a terrible time to you. Like we have all these Pacific Islanders that came from those people and it's just like how did you get here? This is like out 5000 miles 7000 miles out into the ocean. Like I'm very confused.
and then they have like whole like I'm not saying that they have huge populations but they're usually like at least like 100 thousands of people. Maybe a little under that but there's still a lot of people to come from however many people they sent out there to island. So mm
crazy to think about.
that is true I bet megatons down there somewhere.
that's
what I was working. I was like I think it's about time. If we're good then we can
we
end up here. Uh
that wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be
you do.