Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. I bet you think you couldn't. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Right. Yeah. Well, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Right. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. All right, Sure. Start up again too. Yeah. Translation. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Chicken. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hey, how you doing? Mhm.
How you doing?
That's too bad. I
am scott. How you doing?
You don't Yeah. This your first time doing one of these chat things. Yeah.
Yeah. This is my second time doing one. Mm.
It's not it's not too bad. What's going on? And now everybody sent at home anyways for easy to shout online. Uh
what
state do you live in?
And I see I live in New Jersey. So how's the pandemic over there by you?
Right because you have what he called? We were like that back in like april it was real bad in New Jersey back like april and May and stuff like that was really bad but it's it's it's gotten a lot better since then.
Um Something's something's no like we have outdoor dining and we have um like beaches and stuff like that but like museums and stuff like that aren't really like fully open yet and stuff like that, indoor dining. Absolutely absolutely not. Absolutely.
Oh yeah I'm the same way too. Yeah
I'm just I'm not working right now so it's nuts.
Catch up. Yeah no it's it's it's like a side right now, it's I don't think anybody knows what's going on. They look at our president, he doesn't know what's going on. Uh huh.
There's there's
there's a couple of countries they're getting pretty op ed, like brazil is horrible right now. They're really there were horrible. Russia is still pretty bad in India is still pretty bad right
now. There goes
Well it's it's weird because it's it's kind of weird because, you know, that's generally a colder country, so they got a lot of cases, but the mortality rate is very, very low there. Which is shocking because you figure with the cold climate that would affect people more. But it doesn't it's a little surprising you just figure because like, even now with Arizona, I mean, they're like 100° weather all the time. They say that was supposed that the heat supposed to kill the virus. I'm like
uh like I don't think it's working through Arizona
like paris.
Oh, it's something that
I've ever seen before. That's why nobody has any any idea what's really going on with. The thing is exactly nobody, nobody knows exactly. Nobody really knows anything about the stars. I mean the herbalist, you know, doctors, nobody knows.
I understand. But like you said before, you know, like I said, when it's in a person's body, you know, it's it's enclosed. So it's like, it's like, like when you, when you're, when you're outside, you know, like the sunlight, you know, like, you know, like seriously burns out, but when you're endures it's in a controlled
environment, like our bodies, you know what I'm saying? It's different. You know? I
mean That's that's why like, I mean if a person would sit outside for 24 hours a day, they probably wouldn't have the virus. but if they're, you know, indoors, you know, like at least you know a couple hours, that's just the
way it is. You know what I mean? But somebody like those people that are like, you know like those like I guess people that go out there camping all the time or just you know, people sleep in hammocks and stuff like that and they probably won't get the virus, you know? You know, that's just the way things
probably.
Oh no, I know it doesn't.
because because like I said I have a new I sign up for newsletter for for this herbalist who like, you know, it has been um he's
got
a pretty good reputation and stuff like that. And his thing is like I said all the time. He's saying, oh, it's no big deal. It's like, oh, don't worry mask and this doesn't help anything and all sort of stuff. I'm like, yeah, like all the stuff that will kill it. I'm like, like telling the people of Arizona in brazil right now. I'm like, you go, all right, I'll tell you what sir, you go over there personally without him asking one of those hospitals and you go out there and tell them, don't worry about it. And then when you get sick, you know that, then you can go over there and like, you know, have a red face and say, oh, sorry, I was wrong. And I'm like, look at the guy. I'm like, are you kidding me? Like, how can you say it's no big deal? I just like the guy who said, you know, he's like, uh, it's nothing. I'm like, are you kidding me? Like I was like, tell that to anybody in brazil right now. They're like, yeah, it's nothing, right?
I
mean
brazil is like,
Oh yeah, absolutely. It's because it's affecting more the younger crowd. But I heard in texas supposedly it's a,
what
you call it, affecting young people. But a lot of people, a lot of young kids again, young people are hospitalized there. It's like real bad in texas. That's what I heard.
back. Well, the thing is, you can understand because I said trump all the time. It's like, you know, this is the president, United States, like it's no big deal, don't worry about it. And it's like, you don't go away. It's like, it's like a 90 to 90% no problem. Like, you know what I mean? Like uh okay buddy, it's like you're not gonna get reelected buddy. Uh
back pain.
Exactly. Exactly. I'm looking forward to sports, but I don't know if I have any sports this year. I really don't know.
I'm not sure because I know I'm major league
pretty cool. They're supposed to have 60 game season, but they're saying so many players are backing out there right now because they're spiking so much down in the south. That's where usually have this uh spring training down the south. So if that's, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen. And then like I said, football, like I said it's gonna be, it's gonna be rough because you know people it's close contact, you know uh
sport and then they have a lot of cold weather um games
and stuff like that. And then basketball, you know it's very confined because you have to, you know, it was very close, close. Um
You know, the people are really close together when they play and stuff like that. I mean, I just don't know. I mean, soccer's probably sadly probably one of the safer sports because you know, the people are just kicking the ball from the left side and that side all over the place. And then there's just really not that close, but often, but I just don't know what the safest professional sport of course, besides race car driving obviously will probably be like, we'll probably be there golf. Or like I said, tennis because tennis there opposite sides up the size of a quarter and tenant. I mean golf, I mean, we have to have is one guy there and then the guy could and uh, give you any other what you call it, you know what we call it, the
locker room or whatever like that. Like All right, you can come out now sir. I mean that's about it though. I mean I just don't know what else people are going to do.
plus the players and stuff like that. They want to see their families, they want to go out and do stuff too. I mean you have to literally self isolate themselves to have those items because I mean like you know because the reason why New Zealand right now is completely virus face because they completely close their borders. They're
only allowing people in their own country to be around because New Zealand is completely virus free right now. New Zealand
I mean
had I had my my birthday back in april in New Jersey so I had to quarantine for my birthday. So that was fun. Is what it is. It's better than that being the hospital any day of the week,
Exactly. Well, like I said, the only good thing is I got to try because we call them at that time. I was a little bit more worried about the take out and stuff like that. I got to, so I got a delivery of what he called uh deep dish pieces from Chicago. So I got pizza Chicago something I'll probably never get in my lifetime. So okay, why not? I was like, why not?
bye.
If
no.
The biggest problem with box.
yeah.
Well, like you said bars, it's almost impossible to have a bar for, for multiple reasons because alcohol number one lowers your immune system for, for what you call, if you drink too much, Number two, you can't trust the people be responsible because all you have to have some drunk fool in there and then you know he's gonna take off his mask or you know start getting too close to the slobbering all over the next person or whatever like that. And then the same thing you sanitary, you just don't know sanitary into the bars are because you know like people are just not really that sanitary in bars and stuff like that so you can understand really?
Oh yeah exactly. I mean it's like it's like it's pick your poison, you know like lose a couple of $1000 here but then make you know a couple a couple extra $1000 in business revenue. So in the end it goes off because instead of you know getting zero, you're gonna make a couple of 1000 versus you know, you know like a lot more, you know, I know I understand. It's just it's a tough thing to weigh in. It's tough.
Well
I'm
actually believe or not went to six flags. What was it, the end of May not like it, But I'm lucky because I got to drive through safari and they allow you to go from your own car. That was great. You're driving your own car at the windows closed, you drive right through and you go see all the animals. That was great. It was wonderful.
Is the drive through
that
the brain
are,
it's a brand new car or if it's a convertible then you're in trouble. But if it's if it's a, you know, an older car and you know, it's starting to go with the paint job like that or if you don't have a soft roof, you should be fine. But obviously if you got a brand new car, it's meticulous. Or if like I said, you got a soft roof and I don't know. I don't know.
That's
Oh yeah. Well back when I was a kid, I remember that's what happened to our car one time. I think it was a moose or something like that. He just ran full speed right into her. I'm not forceful speed, but he just ran right into the right into the car. We're gonna charge it hit the side of the car. I mean like crushing, crushing but you know, he just came out of nowhere just zip it.
Oh no, it was just a little like mousse or something. I mean you're in a car.
Well, I know, but you know, it's it's you know, it was a rhino or something. I'd be worried that be I'd be worried.
I'd be worried about advice and too, but I mean a moose or you know, a moose or deer, whatever, like that's scary. But I'd be much more worried about rhino, hippo or telephone or something like that. I'd be worried about that. I've been much more worried about that. But you know, hey, I said that's just what it was when I was a kid. They were much more open with that stuff and that. It's not, it's a little more confined and stuff like that where they have certain animals out there, it's a little more confined, little more controlled. But this thing is they're supposed to have a like a a buggy type system which takes you to the park. But obviously, you know with the quarantine, they can't do that obviously is that people in their cars. But it was great though. I haven't done that since Geez are like 15 years or something. Great to do that again. Just like Christ
It's good. I mean it's just like that. I mean if you have somebody's car like in your household or somebody you know that they don't care about the car. You always borrowed their car or go with them and stuff like that and you have to worry about the car like do you care about your car like? No. All right, let's go. Mhm.
I mean if there are I mean are six flags by us does have what's called rhinos and they got some big animals there. But I mean elephants are confined stuff like that. But the rhinos are loose and then some of the bison, some of the there are some pretty big animals there so they can do some damage. So you have to look up and see what kind of animals they have there and see how confined they are because they
Yeah that sounds
it might like your window or something that's about it. About all they do their their promos. But yeah, it's just a bigger regressive ones that says you got to worry about but you know obviously yeah, you're not gonna see any lions or anything like that. Whoever like that or bears or whatever.
Oh I love you. Huh?
Of the
heart. No.
Yeah that's
yeah that's not even even
yeah even bears. I would I wouldn't want to be around a bear either.
Yeah, they're
they're
big, definitely
bears are big big. Yeah, that's
Well Jersey I think in the north part of Jerseys black bears, that's about it. I don't know if there's grizzly bears in New Jersey but I was black bears, but they're, you know, they're big enough to hurt somebody. But you know, like I said, if you got a bigger, bigger person, like £300 like, you know, like officer Lyman type fella, he'll be okay. But you know, he'll be all right. But
absolutely. But if a grizzly bear is like, I don't care how that person is. They're in trouble. They're in trouble
there that are polar bear, They're in trouble.
their banks.
I'd be like
going into the ocean with a 20 ft grade. Who grabbed Great White. That'd be
Yeah, that'd be scary.
I don't know if I want to do that. I've seen said I've seen, what do you call the two movies. That was it? Uh 40 47 m down below and 47 m down on cage.
I'm like, no, thank you.
Thank you.
I would just feel like I'd rather just do a submarine with like a window on the bottom because they're not going to break through that glass. That's for sure. Just got like, you know, like a submarine with like a window on the bottom or something. That's what I've been like. I'm like, that's close enough for me.
No, I don't
think
I just worry about, like I said, it's just anything happens to cable snaps or, you know, just something like there's a mechanical or on one of the doors and it just happens
to
over open or something like that. Then we got a problem.
That's what I'm up. I would not want to deal with that. Not worth it.
Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. It's the same thing like this, the species of shark because, you know, some great whites are just, you know, most of them are like really, really aggressive. But I mean there's something like that won't bother you. And then there's bull sharks which you know are ferocious animals. They only go up to like about 10, 15, between 10 and 11, maybe 12 ft long. But those things are vicious bull sharks, they're vicious. Uh huh.
Oh yeah, they're they're fish and they go fresh water to, which is very scary. They
go both.
we
were
I think
all the way they would as if like here in the middle of the ocean and there's a lot of around and there's a ton of underwater and they're
hungry. That's
about your
only chance.
But but the odds of that happening or something done, so if you knew the shore you should be okay, Should be okay. It's just like I said,
be
careful.
As long as you have your hands away from their mouth, they're fine. There's, there's just won't bother you. So they said nurses won't bother. You take lemon sharks. Okay. They're not bad. They're, they're, they're not too bad to, there's a couple that are like, not too bad, but other ones like tiger sharks, stay away from them. Bull sharks, Makos, great whites, all of them that are blue sharks. I'd stay away from there.
yeah. Well that's why Australia. Forget about. I would even swim in those beaches. They have great weights right off the right off the coast there, right off the boats. The tons in Australia. I would never want to swim on those beaches.
We got the brown snakes. I got everything. Brown snakes, rough. It's rough. You go anywhere outside the city. It's rough.
Oh yeah, that'd be nice. Just
like
dependent, just like the pandas in china to be nice to pin this. But yeah, there's
yeah, I mean, I've never been to san Diego san Diego. I was supposed to be a world class two. I've never been there. That's, that's supposed to be world class san Diego. So
nothing there.
I mean they have to, they have the climate for pretty much anything, but it's just like you said, I mean it's so isolated from the world pretty much because it's just like kind of like in the middle of nowhere, but I'm not sure how they worked out around. That's a good question because
I mean, is obviously aircraft or cargo or cargo ship. Some one of those things, cargo ships always probably the one of the safest ways to go because it's slow moving, you know, it's steady, it's relatively safe because you know, it's not too many. Um You know, I guess you could say like um like uh obstructions in the water and stuff like that. So it just takes a long time to take a ship going anywhere. Even if you're coming from, you know anywhere, it takes a lot
longer.
Got
enough tank, you'll be all right, you got a big enough tanker, I think you'll be alright. You just got to be a really big tanker. You just you know,
it's rough but I mean it's rough.
no that's why we shoot if you're gonna go out in the middle of the ocean, make sure you're on a big boat. You don't wanna be a sailboat in the ocean, that's for sure. They definitely want to be a sailboat, even a big one. I still don't know. Okay. And that's no way you want one big storm. That's it.
Oh no, I understand it completely. I totally understand what you mean by that. Uh huh. All
it's
Oh no, I know there's a lot of things in the world, like I said you don't know a lot about the world. I mean it's because they could go 150 times in the same spot, you know in the middle of the ocean with a submarine. And they probably literally Probably, I don't know like 75-80 times to find something new every time. That's correct.
exactly the way it is. It's just you know, it's a big world, A lot a lot to explore. But you know um appear it's uh it's it's it says it's 427 the requirements for 25 minutes. So it's up to you if you want to end it or if you or if
you
that's
totally
you want to go that's fine. That's told it to you. Half edge everything. That's it. Oh that's starting out
Just yeah just just chat. That's it. That's exactly it. All right I'll take care Alexis.