Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah.
Come on.
good,
I got you. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. My name's Cristo.
I'm from pennsylvania.
Okay. Okay. You're a bit away.
Is this still somewhere like there?
It's here too. Is about 75 today, which is unseasonable.
You know my husband's family has has a bunch of family in texas. So it they always posted,
his
aunt lives down near el paso and she's always like it's 1000 degrees and it's cold. Then it's you know, it's like, I don't know, I've been there like once but type.
it she says it does they it's I was there for san Antonio. No, I've been there twice san Antonio for training for work and it was it was like july
Well you know, I think it's it's interesting because it's funny you know like I live where we get snow, we get ice the whole kit and caboodle. But I'm not a fan,
I've not been a fan of snow my entire life and I said at some point move south. Um Get away from this. Although the climate's changed it's not like it used to be we don't get the storms that we used to. It's definitely changed like it's last winter we had maybe a couple inches. That was at the entire winter.
And
for
yeah where I live is not um I live near Harrisburg which is like in the middle like eastern south what do they call it? South central P. A. So it's not like your picture.
I'm a
couple
are
from
Philly is about two hours away. New york city's for Baltimore's to D. C. S. 2.5. So I mean
it is but you can't go anywhere right now. So that's kind of a moot point I guess with Covid and stuff. But yeah it's a an interesting um I don't know it's different. It's different. I mean I don't know anywhere else. I'm not growing I've not lived anywhere else so I wouldn't know the difference. But um definitely a different uh how do I say this different area? Um It's changed so much like just the people that have moved here. There's tons of people moving in because it's a lower cost of living than D. C. Or Baltimore because I mean housing is insane. I mean I don't
there's
nothing,
it's my brother and sister in law lived outside of Philly and they moved to Raleigh north Carolina two years ago and their house in Philly was about 3 30. Nothing fancy nothing. Um I mean nothing super you know nothing. Your typical eighties eighties sixties house that was built and you know nothing. And They were they moved the house they got is basically the comparable now and it's like 3000 square feet. I'm not crazy. What? Right. Which is crazy when you think about
it.
that's like almost, wow, that's wow, wow,
jeez.
case this
goes
now
right. Which it will,
That's crew with me.
Well, I don't know how taxes are because I think every state,
no.
Well and where I live, I live in a 1200 square foot townhouse and my taxes are almost three grand.
No, no joke, no
joke,
no joke For just for which seems insane when you think about it, like that's my brother and sister in law are paying like four for their entire and they have an acre and a half, that's the big house, It would make sense.
That
makes
you have a big house. That makes sense for thousands. Not so bad. But when you're I'm like this and they keep going up because they've devalued, there's a mall here that is in the same municipality And they went bankrupt back in 20 2009. Well who do you think has to absorb that? Everybody else? Yeah,
everybody
else
and
and it's been
that's
not
bad. That's not bad.
So
your property guys
are
going to go way up. Smart, very smart
and
you
can see
it right
and
you can smell at some point or if you choose to keep you know, but you're sitting nice, you'll be sitting nice,
you know and then you can get yourself something bigger or something, you know your Yeah. No and that's my kids are I want to finish, one of my kids are done with school. I want to finish and go to move south, probably down in north Carolina somewhere. Um just um, the tax stuff, I don't want to retire here. I don't, you know, and my parents live here too. But my my my husband's family's from Illinois, which
their taxation is insane, you know? And a lot of the family that is, there's not much left and the family that has moved to florida, which honestly you don't blame them because you know, they, I think their car registration for one year was $400.
That's insane.
Well we we have to pay a state license or fee every year. It's like 30 something and then you have the state emissions and something else. It is a thing
like how's
your
life?
No, it's not everywhere in the state. It's just certain Certain areas. Like I grew up in a very rural area west of here like two hours and they um ended up not doing it I think because a lot of the cars are older like it's very low income. Its former coal country so people
don't
well
and that's that's right. People drive motorcars because they don't they're not buying the latest. BMW. I mean if that person is probably a drug dealer like legit So nobody's driving cars that are $50,000. Unless there I mean there's a few exceptions you know people that have money but very rarely so it's just like that kind of stuff. It never It's stupid. I'm hoping they'll eventually wave it at some point. There's there's some talk that enough. His cars now are made you know decently. Well that unless it's a card from like the 90s or earlier or early 2000s for the most part they're not that bad. Not like the
gas guzzlers are the like back in the 19 eighties and nineties that you know, we're two miles a gallon. It's nothing like that. Yeah.
Good.
I don't know,
What
I'm lucky
I have an suv so I get like 23 on average on highway, which isn't terrible. I mean I've gotten 30 like when I'm on long but it's like because it's not it's hilly here, you don't get the same um gas knowledge because it kind
of goes up and down or it's a lot of stop and go because I'm not too far from the city so it's, you don't get the same. But I'm going like say to north Carolina, I'm going to
Ohio for work or whatever. If I get on the street it's not bad. Like I can do pretty decent. My husband's car, we had to replace this because when the mission was going out and his gets like 20 which okay. I mean you know at some point you have to sacrifice. It's one of those my two kids and it's just you know, I said we have bigger cars at some point. You go back to smaller ones and my kids are you know gone it's you know with kids and the dog and my daughter does horse riding and it's just all for a crap. Is that is a lot of space, you know?
No.
does he not like
school?
Is it
is it just boring for him? Okay.
He gifted.
Well my daughter is A. D. H. D. And it's not going to lie. It's not an easy road but she wasn't diagnosed until third grade. She had the tendencies though. As a younger girls are different than boys. They don't exhibit the same way. Like the behaviors.
it is genetic. They do say it is genetic candidate.
Well, and that's what they were telling us because my daughters is her, you know, there's kind of mild, more severe, hers is more severe and I feel bad. Like she just, she wants so bad for it not to be like, not to have, I don't want to say not to have it, but to just not it not be an issue. And he's like,
like we went to war
show
and I'm like, you have to take your medicine because I said, you're at a place, you've not been, you're gonna be all over the place. And I said, you're on an animal, let's we got like it's a weekend because I don't make them take it on the weekends. But her,
but I said, here's the problem. I said, you're you think about your on an animal, you gotta have, you gotta be thinking straight and paying attention because you don't wanna end up on the ground. I think even the
best course
today,
it's my niece. Um My niece has Tourette's and has 80 HD like tendencies and they're trying non medicated because turrets is very difficult to treat. They don't because she had heard my daughter are very similar in some ways and my daughter doesn't have Tourette's, but the frequent side effects are tremendous and it's not worth it. The doctor basically literally told them don't put her on anything unless she's so bad. She can't even get up and functionally function as a child. Like if you can do other things. Like I said, like we did diet, we looked at diet modification, seems like too much sugar and take out artificial. Do you know that kind of stuff? That like my son had a reaction to read dies at number five. I think it's in like a lot of stuff. He got, he would be nuts. Like he'd be bouncing off the wall like a ping pong ball and you don't even think about it. It's like, oh, I'm just getting some fruits and you know, and I took it out of his diet a long time ago, he'd come home like bouncing off the walls because he got something at church and like love of God people. Uh
you
should
What?
You're
not
buying
chips and cookies and all that other stuff. No, I can't.
I get it.
Oh, I get it. It's a it's a personal preference. I said that's nothing wrong with that everybody has. You know, I have to eat a gluten free diet because I have celiac, so I have special stuff different than my kids because my stuff costs a lot of money and like it's not everything, but some of the stuff is like, okay, a box of cookies as an example, like you would think, okay, I'm going to pay $2 for exits like five, so I don't buy it often, like when I buy stuff, I eat one and then I won't eat one for like two weeks because I don't
because it's expensive and I'm like, I'm not going to buy this stuff and we eat going free. Like if we make spaghetti or we make whatever I have has to be because the pots get contaminated And my daughter has a field trip, she got, my kids go to school online, like 100% like we're cyber um and I know it's different other places, but her field trip tomorrow is uh making, it's a recipe, it's a recipe. Field trip, they're making mac and cheese, so I didn't let it go by all this gluten gluten free stuff because I'm like, well I'm gonna make this, I'm not messing up my own stuff, like this is stupid, so I'm like how do I, because I like it cooks different than the other stuff, so how is this kind of work? I have to figure that out tomorrow, I'm not sure because it's not the same. Yeah. You know when you cook it, it doesn't look like, you know the same amount of time
and
it's
yep.
No
it
isn't,
it's really trying different brands, like there's some that are disgusting, I wouldn't eat them, you know? But then, you know, you find stuff that you like, it just, it's a matter of trying, you know, it's trial and error.
No,
and that's what, and that's what it's a lot of it's been as I've tried different brands and I've kind of settled into what I um like I mean craft came out with a gluten free mac and cheese, you know
what it actually tastes like the regular, believe it or not.
no,
I was
just one of the ones.
Well and its proud.
No. Well and yeah, I mean you can make it yourself of course you could, but it isn't just, I think because people are are wanting a taste of what it feels like to be semi quote normal because I don't, you know, you can't just sit down and go into a restaurant, like I want a B, C and D. In order off a menu, I can't do that. And it's and it stinks because it's just like, I don't know. I always feel like I'm like, when I travel I have to travel for work. Not nonsense covid. But before that, like where can you eat? I don't know. Like you feel like third wheel,
I'm just like, I don't, I'm like, I said, just pick a place and let me look up their menu online and I can tell you if I look through it and see if it's okay. I mean, yeah, you can okay. I can get a salad theoretically. Right? Yeah. Maybe
it is a risk because sometimes like they cooked the chicken and stuff. Are they like, I've gotten like Starbucks was actually the worst I got. I took, my daughter were in Kentucky for I went away for a long weekend and we went to Starbucks. Okay. No
big deal. You think so. She ordered strawberry or vanilla bean frappuccino and I got strawberry or something. I had the worst reaction. I'm just, I even like I felt weird like it was off and I was just like, I react externally
to like rash and the whole nine yards because I have an allergy to wheat too. And I was like, what the heck. I'm like, we have to go back to the hotel. So I mean, I felt that now that I'm like, we need to go back so I can go take some medication because I'm like, this is crazy. And I was like, all we had was a friend. Like it wasn't anything. I had no food. No, but they didn't clean. What happens is the caramel has. I didn't realize that the caramel has um gluten in it. Why would you do that? But they're not
gonna put
in the blender.
Well I didn't and I ordered like I didn't order one with caramel. I just, it was must have been in the blender and they didn't clean it. Like it works
this out.
Who isn't?
No, if you look at like when you, have you ever watched them? Like they just sometimes just like rinse it out and that's all they do. They don't like sit there and scrub it or like they just rinse it out and put it in the sink.
Well
it
was, I've just noticed there was one in the mall um near us and it was like open. Like, so you could see them, they've closed it since Covid, they actually, Starbucks pulled it because I think, I don't think they had a way to like, I don't know what the word is, like, properly protected I guess because it was so open. I don't know how they couldn't meet the regulations overall.
I think that was it. And
there
wasn't like a way to enforce, like it's not like it had solid walls on any side. So they couldn't. Yeah. Which was kind of sad because there's people like, they still don't realize that. And it's like you walked by like, is that Starbucks closed? Yeah. They've been closed since whenever covid starting february march. They never came back. They just,
yes as stuff ramping up where you are. Oh, you're going.
It's interesting. Every state is so different because I've done a couple of years as part of another assessment. Like they had another round of this. And it was interesting because it's very different from California to here. Like we're still very um, and I think part of it depends on two on on who the governor is and what the rule, you know, I think, yeah, the doormats were supposedly, we have statewide mask mandate where I am here like everywhere. Like, and I do at work, we do and I work for the government. So like federally, that's a whole different thing. But we mandate masks on base. Like there's people and I'm like, I drove up to the gate and the guys sitting there, they take your temperature going in, his master just sitting there. And I'm like, aren't you supposed to be like sitting next to the guy, the guard, the security guard. And I'm like, I don't know whether to say something or attributed to you being stupid. I just like,
Alicia,
service
and it's a food sir. And here's the thing in food service, let's be realistic. A face mask isn't such a bad thing in all fairness, like independent of covid, because there's, you know, there's all stories of kinds of people doing weird stuff in restaurants, right? Unsanitary things. So I don't think that's too much. Like I work part time at Children's place and on weekends and we have to wear masks like we but the company is like, well you could ask people that don't wear, I'm not asking anybody, I'm not getting hit like because people crazy.
No,
there
you go.
No, I'm not putting myself at risk and I've got to, my kids are 12, I'm not putting myself at risk and potentially having a problem. No. Yes, it
I got you.
It's
well
that's that's that's that's taken care of
they don't want to
work from
home.
but
do they let you work from home?
Oh that's
thanks
stinks.
Why?
What do you mean? It's not fair. What does that mean?
Well that's I've been home for the most part other than here and there, I have to go in for a couple hours. But I'm kind of at the point, I've been home since february, I'm like, I don't know if I want to because I would have been like three days a week, do I want to ever have, like that's really struggle with that one, Like do I want to go back to the whole and my kids are home with school? So it's nice if they have quite I'm here and then they have to be the the employers at least in pennsylvania. There's a lot of schools, they're still they're still still remote and some hybrid, there's they run the gamut but they're having to be flexible because a lot of times you've got, if you're hybrid, you've got young kids home, younger kids, my kids are fine, but younger kids, you can't leave him alone and the daycare isn't going to take a kid in school. So what are they supposed to do? Like my husband's job, they do a rotation Like because they have, they do claims processing and some of them they have to be there physically. I don't know, it's something stupid. I'm like, you know, that should be their priority to fix that. It's 2020. Almost 21. Why are we still relying on paper? This is good.
I'm going
to think
then save money.
Yeah. But yeah, but when you look at like companies that are cutting their office space size and, you know, it, there's a lot of opportunity for efficiency then you could use it for elsewhere or developing it to do something new or offer a new product or a new solution instead of thinking it that way, you know, uh it's gonna be interesting. I know it's it's
worry
That's actually that's that's that's key. You typically like I work in
computer security but a lot of times people either shoes, they buy one more tool thinking, well that's going to solve my problem. Well then you end up with a bunch of crap you don't use. And but if there is a reason to change because hey, we can prove we can save X. Amount of money by moving from A to B. I don't see, you know, and once we have this initial investment, I don't think that's a bad thing.
Of
course,
of
course.
I got to.
you're
on.
See that's
the thing is it depends on your organization like where I work Million dollars is nothing we do a billion multi billions a year and that's nothing that's chump change. But.
That's random.
That makes sense.
That makes
sense.
Yeah. It's interesting like where I where we are like half an hour from here is one of the largest hubs Carlisle P. A. For trucking in the country because it's the eastern corridor they use it to. I mean there's warehouse upon warehouses like where there's actually more air pollution because of all these trucks in the last 20 years. Because there are a lot of major distribution companies use it for their hubs because we're supposed to new york Baltimore D. C. You know major Philly big cities like they can get to it it's cheap because the land doesn't cost as much money as they putting us something in philadelphia or D. C. Which costs a fortune. I can get it for you know, 1/10 of that. And it's trucking is a bit much like it's it's kind of crazy the amount of trucks here. But you know they do serve apartments.
All
No.
Well and that's it. That's it and it's it's the highways, you're a crowd with them all the time and that's and that's part of the par for the course. I guess they wanted to put a big distribution center and one of the last remaining pieces of big land in the township I live in and they had a pretty much we'll call it a mutiny from the talent people because they were like this is correct because the problem is they wanted to put it it's near a school and they couldn't provide adequate plans to deal with the traffic because you know when you're dealing with the buses on a schedule, it was it and thankfully ended up getting killed because the area they're putting it. And I just, I'm like, how are you going to put all those trucks and the traffic? It just doesn't compute like you have to completely redo and there's house, I mean, it was a very complex. They would have had to take some what's right of eminent domain, take some houses and, and, you know, they are on the fringes of it and completely, and it just thankfully, they did enough studies and they're like, the roads, it's already bad enough because there's a real real yard Norfolk southern that runs through just up the street. Like literally, I can hear them at night Because they put in the 18 wheelers trailers on the train. So, I mean, there's trucks all the time and they're backed up, you can see them there waiting to get picked up. You know, get the trailer picked up and then they, you know, they drive off. It's the same because we're in a huge
logistics corridor. This area. This area is just because, and we're not too far from the port. Like you said, you can get stuff, you're not to, you know, two hours from Baltimore.
That's not bad.
No, I'm sure that's Houston.
How I've,
that's
not
that's
not so bad. Yeah, that's it's, it is, it's interesting. I said the, see how this handles with next round of Covid, I guess we'll see these poor guys. I feel so bad for them. I said they just, are They closed all the like interstate 81, which is a major trucking corridor in the state. They closed all the rest stops. Like when we first started, I'm like, what are people supposed to do? Okay.
I know, but there's women who drive trucks and I'm like
this.
But here's the thing. I'm like, that's really comes.
But it's kind of stupid though that you wouldn't even let him pull over the part because some of them need to rescue because of the time they can only be in the in the time limit and stuff like that's and actually there was enough of outcry. They reopened them. No, they limited it. But like they could just park there, which is fine. At least. I'm like, that's where these guys gonna go. You think?
Which
is not what
anybody
wants,
right? And they can't, you don't want them on the highway because I mean how many accidents happen because somebody doesn't see somebody stopped and they plow into them. No, it's like, where do you put them? So
trust
you.
I have a friend who was, he was in a dodge charger. This is 78 years ago. He was on I 81 there's total kind of truck accidents all the time. Like it happens inevitably. He doesn't even know what happened. The next thing he knew he was in the median and he was just sitting in the car. Air bags have gone out, flipped over and he's, he's, I don't even know what happened. Like he doesn't even, he's so lucky like he walked away but a trucker had clipped him and he like, he said, I didn't even and he said, I wasn't going obscenely fast. I wasn't like, he's the guy that we're retired. Navy got it. He said, I'm not somebody that it's stupid. I have kids, I have a family. I'm not out doing stupid crap. And he said, he said, I don't even and he said even the police and fire rescue said they said we don't know how you walked away because the truck ended up being in an accident. Then once he clipped him he spun out of control, it's just like it's terrifying. I said you just don't, he said it's just one of those, you just don't, he said I just wake up and I was like wow, I um and he had pictures and it's just like how did you walk away? We had some back but not
no and even on big cars and people think well it's a bigger car, it's safer and not necessarily um
correct people over correct and then
well and that's why the truck that hit him was going pretty fast because it clipped him. And he just he said, I don't even, like he said I was airborne and just you kind of I don't know he said I don't know if I blacked out or you know just from the experience and
he said next thing you know and you know he's like I'm waking up and I'm upside down and he doesn't mean doesn't remember anything. You don't remember. It just it happened so fast you're on the ground and
three.
Tank in the
that's random. That's right.
chunk
of it all that you just your body just
they want well no they want to you get until they get help. They want to keep you coherent
please.
I
think
it's not my time yet.
I
don't know.
I didn't ask
for
this
For $200. You I don't think so
Well hey I know I think we're at the end of our time so I'm gonna let you go. But I wanted to wish you the best of luck and
hopefully you have a good rest of the week.
Thanks. Bye.