Yeah, is it true? Yeah I see someone, Hey I'm just second, let me put my phone in. Oh
there we go and turn the volume up on it. My phone was just about dad, so like I can't see anything
but you're on bluetooth so I can actually hear you better. Uh huh
mm hmm. Okay, well I can hear you anyway
so I don't know exactly what we're supposed to do other than just chat I guess
what um and er
texas
just a little bit just a little
uh yeah right now it's uh 78° out.
Yeah, I don't I don't know exactly what it is but I think it's been in the 70s pretty much all day.
Yeah, that's
true.
it gets really, really hot in the summer.
Yeah, I live down here, I live near Houston and I'm so close to the gulf where I'm at, it's always super super human and super hot and it's if it wasn't for the fact I love texas, I probably would have left because of the weather.
Mhm.
Damn.
In
pennsylvania.
Yeah. I feel like I've seen it on a map.
I
have family
up
dinner.
Right in the middle of everything.
I've seen the houses up there and it's like half a million dollars for a house like
down
here where I'm at, you could get that same house for 150 $180,000 up there. It's like three, you know, $750,000. And I'm just like, how holy shit, what jobs are these people working?
All
right. So like I'm I'm in a more rural area, like I'm near Houston, but I'm about 45 minutes I guess east of Houston. And I'm like my property values, we got hit hard by harvey, Like my town got 55" of rain. We were, we measured the highest recorded amount of rain. It was insane.
it's almost five ft of rain
and I think it's like 48 hours. Like I had a 55 gallon drums out back and I flipped them over so that way they could fill up with water because I have animals, I have goats and at the time I had a pig and I have a dog and cat, so I'm like, you know what, I want to make sure I still have water. It's
more
goes
out
and thankfully we didn't lose power for very long, but it was just insane the amount of rain we got. But After that, I mean my place, I live in a trailer so it's nothing fancy or anything, but I bought my place for 75,000 and then last year after harvey came through, they bumped my my place up by $30,000. They they bump the tax value from 75,203. Yeah,
that. But it's insane how much, and I'm just like, can y'all like not try to like kill me with taxes here,
Taxes down here are aren't too bad
thankfully. But that was a big issue with like the 2008 housing bust. People were buying these really big houses and then they were appreciating so much. They couldn't afford the taxes anymore. So they got foreclosed on. I mean the notes stayed the same, but the taxes went up insane, so.
Shit.
I think
mine,
You know,
I've
got
Everybody else
is gonna raise everyone
else's
taxes.
I think, I think I paid 1800 last year and I've got just under an acre of land and I've got a double wide trailer that 1500 sq
ft.
I think
so I mean it's not terrible, I mean especially where I'm at because Harris County and the other county that's near me, their taxes are super high, that's why I bought where I did because they're also building a major freeway near my
area,
which
is,
that's why I bought four years ago whenever
it
was
cheap
as
hell.
Oh yeah exactly. I'm like give it a couple more years, I'll probably be able to sell my place for 100 and 40 $150,000 at the rate it's currently going
Where?
please sh I pay like
I think last year whenever I registered my truck I want to say I paid like $60.
The county,
I mean
doesn't even
do emissions testing.
You're
either gonna you're either gonna wipe them all out. Yeah, I mean everybody's gonna leave because they can't afford it or they're they're just gonna
register.
No.
Yeah, it's like my car, I just, I just bought a new car this year, but I mean it's almost kind of a letdown and away because So I had a 93 Toyota, that was my first car, so 93 and I got on average like 28 mph. So I got pretty good gas mileage and then I got my first new car and I hated it trader today. Well then I got my next car which was a Hyundai Elantra And I got that one in 2015 I think and I got About 30 miles a gallon
and I'm just going wait a minute. I went from no car payment with the 93 Toyota to $400 a month car payment and I get to gal two miles more a gallon. Yeah. And then I traded that one in this year around easter and I bought a Kia Forte at 2020 Kia forte And now I'm averaging about 32 highway
that I can get about. I've gotten it up to 46 but that's no A. C. Windows are cracked,
not all the way down there, all the way down if there's a the wind resistance off too much. But you crack the windows just a little bit, you turn the A. C. Off, you set the cruise control and you don't do anything else and you can get it to about 46 miles a gallon.
But I'm just like
well
What?
You know I just I have one kid, he's six and I'm like not having any more
anytime soon, I'm so done. He's a demon spawn, He's every bit me reincarnated. He's been in ISS3 times this year already. He's six First grade. He's been an ISIS three times. He has been I literally at one point I was counting off on the calendar how many days I didn't get a phone call because I got a phone call every single day for something
just
like
jesus could.
that's that's part of it and they're also the school didn't evaluation and said it looks like he has a DhD which the doctor agrees and but he tested above average on everything. Like there was one subject, they tested him and I don't remember what it was but like the top scores 1 15 and he got 1 13 And like their their baseline like this is typical as 85 and his average overall I think was like 107108
probably unfortunately for him.
Oh yeah. No I they put me on meds starting in second grade for A. D. H. D. And then
me, me and my son's father, we both had it as a kid and I'm one of the few adults that kept it into adulthood even.
it's
at
all.
Same with mine.
I
haven't
started my son on that yet but
Like don't do that. You know we we've done the same with mine right right now he's very limited on sugar and I mean we already eat a fairly like non processed diet. So the only other thing I can really take away from him is like candy because I mean we don't do a whole lot of I don't keep snacks in my house at all which everybody hates when they come to my house. My best friend comes over,
she's
like there's no snacks here, there's no food and I went cook something like
what do
you what do you want
from
me?
I'm like there's no chips, there's no cookies, there's
I keep granola bars occasionally.
You got to space it out, make it, you know.
You
know
you know I have some have some pasta that's made out of keen wall. Yeah
it's it's never quite the same. It's
a little bit
tougher.
Aaron.
Try and have things eventually. You'll get the right
one.
clever.
They probably put a lot of research into it
though too
because
otherwise people aren't going to buy it if they're thinking Kraft mac and cheese they want Kraft mac and cheese,
you're not going to smell. Any of them would taste like crap.
nowhere.
but still a risk though
Yeah.
What?
caramel
shouldn't
have gluten in it anyways.
Yeah they didn't clean it well enough transferred
over but what does their caramel have gluten?
It shouldn't have gluten.
Yeah they're just like up spray done. I don't I don't go to Starbucks a whole whole
lot. I
hate coffee.
They couldn't they they weren't able to protect the workers well enough so
put
it up.
Goodbye.
Yeah. It's starting to like, as far as like businesses opening or cases, I mean, really? It's both for us, they're opening everything and cases are going up and it's
I just attributed it to being the next open. I mean, down here, there's actually one restaurant that we, we recently found out about it, but no masks at all whatsoever. There's not a single customer that walks in with it. There's absolutely no spacing between the booths at all.
I'll make like, you know, some some of them will have like the plastic dividers and stuff, they don't even have that and I'm just going,
y'all are gonna get shut down.
I'm not gonna upset
some anti mask person and
get
hurt, nope, not doing it.
same here. That's why I just, I mean, where I work officially speaking, we're all supposed to wear masks, but there's three of us in the building
so none of us bother wearing them. So it's just kind of like I mean we're all spaced out pretty
far apart and then any people that come in, so we have we have HR person and then we have we have one of the supervisors, he sits in an office by himself, keeps the door
closed,
And then the other three of us we sit and this like big like probably 20 by 20 room give or take and there's three of us. So one person's way over here, another one's way over here.
So
we're
all right out fairly well. And then anybody else that comes into our building, they all wear masks. You either you wear a mask while you're walking around the office or you go sit in the office and shut the door and you can take your mask off
and we normally keep our doors shut too because three of us don't wear them.
God, I wish I tried so hard,
I
can't basically I
can work remotely, but they won't let us.
I said it's not fair
because there's other people that are in the same department as us that they can't work from home because we have to have some people hands on. So basically the thing is it's not fair to them because they have to still come in so you should still have to come in and I'm just like, but it's it's it's safer and it's easier and I'll like it more and I get it's not fair rotate people.
you know, it's like, I mean with us really and truly and I have been pushing this since I started with this company, I started this company of july of last year And we have, there's a software that I used to work with it. Another
company
that I could make us 100% remote.
Absoluteing 100% remote, but they don't want to make that investment. I could also get rid of about half the jobs with the software. Oh yeah, I'm
Yeah, I'm like I've been pushing for this software since I started
here and I'm like if we had had this software implemented by now, everybody could be working from home because I'm working truck and trucking. So as short of the drivers, all of the office personnel, they could all be working from home. But no, they don't want to make that investment because they've already made such a big investment in this other software and I'm just like that sunk cost policy. People, like just because you wasted this much money doesn't mean you have to keep wasting money.
What?
Yeah, exactly. I mean, it's like, you know, I would hate for any of my co workers to lose my job,
lose
their jobs.
I mean
I wouldn't lose my job because there's only two people in the whole company that know how to run this software,
me and one other person, so they're going to keep me on, they'll keep that other person on. And then, you know, there's 56 people at least. It could be eliminated, which is almost half of our office staff. And I'm like, I don't want to see those people lose
their jobs.
So I kind of just was like, I give up, y'all are gonna do what y'all are gonna do, I'm not going to keep pushing this because obviously y'all are not going to do it. But I mean, I think like the startup on, it's almost a million dollars though
to
and I don't even know what we gross a year. I've never even bothered looking into it. I know we're worldwide, but as far as, but I mean that's kind of only a technicality were in Belgium and one other place in europe and then we're here in texas
port of Houston,
one of the largest ports in the U. S.
There's
a lot of trucking companies down here that service the port of Houston.
Yeah, I mean, I live, I'm not that far from the port of Houston, so we've got babe port and we've got barbers cut so there's a crazy amount of 18 wheelers
here and I'm just like, I mean I've grown up with it so it's never really been like a big deal to me, but I mean there's also just sent to port, there's like one other port and then there's the port of Galveston as well and I mean you know you've got that whole bay, that's just nothing but uh cargo cargo ships, so it's just like holy crap, but
I'm like we're used to it down here, it's normal for us,
Good.
Yeah, it's like I mean for us like our hub location, like our main location for the company I'm with, It's a 30 minute drive to the ports,
so I mean we're right down the road from one basically, I mean as far as Houston traffic is concerned, it takes two hours to get to Houston from Houston.
The running joke around here, it takes two hours to get to Houston from Houston
because the traffic is so bad in that area. But I mean we don't actually have to go into Houston. We just skirt you know, skirt the bay basically
to go
down to
the port.
pee in a bottle.
They
don't
they don't think about that.
Exactly. They're just gonna end up parking in parking lots
or
parking
on
the side of the freeways because they need to they have to stop,
Exactly. I mean I saw one, there's a video, I saw a while back on facebook where the It's 18 Wheeler, 18 million. This little car goes around the
18
wheeler and there's another 18 wheeler stopped on the side of the road, slammed right into the back of him. I mean from the video it doesn't show anything after that. I just cooked out. But I'm like with how fast that car was going. I don't think they made it like.
Crazy stuff happens, but it's Any time there's an 18 wheeler involved in an accident, you're just like, Did they survive? Because you don't normally car versus 18 wheeler doesn't work out very well.
No, not not always. I mean not always. I mean the bigger like the SUVs and stuff, they're more prone to flipping.
people will overcorrect and then they roll with a car. It takes a lot of force to flip a car. SUVs and trucks.
But
I remember I got into a little like, I can't even I mean I wasn't even an accident per se. I am, There was a pothole
in the road and there was an oxygen tank in the pothole and I'm driving down the road doing 70, mph, maybe.
Apparently had fallen off of a truck.
exactly. But that's what the cops told me. And I hit that like my rims folded back on themselves. My airbag went off and I don't don't I still don't remember everything. Like I know that I called a friend of mine, but I don't remember making the call. But I saw the I saw the call on my on my phone and then 15 minutes later I'm calling 911. So presumably I was sitting there on the side of the road blackout for up to 15 minutes because I don't remember making that first phone
call
But and it's like I remember like I was on the phone with 911 and like I kept blacking out, like my vision kept going dark and I remember like I'd stop answering and I'd hear the 911 operator, ma'am, are you still there? Tell me what, tell me what's around you, Tell me what's around you and I'm Oh yeah, yeah,
yeah. And I was
like, and I mean I at the time I went I want to M. S. Training I think shortly after that, maybe before I I've done my I've done E. M. S right around the time, so it's like I know I know what they're doing, I know what I'm trying to do. But I just I couldn't
I
couldn't make myself respond. It's like I'm I don't like I just kept on like, oh wait yeah, no, I'm supposed to still be here.
nope. But like my airbag blew and chipped one of my teeth left marks on my face, messed up my neck. Then I had like feathering on my shoulder and they the police called a tow truck and I remember telling them that I would call my own because they had insurance of course. And I had, I had roadside assistance covered, but they didn't let me call mine. They called somebody else, will they take me to their lot? Wouldn't let me go until I had paid them like $200 like my car. I mean, I was free to go of course, But they charged me like $200 to tow my car
and
otherwise they were just going to keep it. And I'm like, I didn't even want, y'all hooking up to my car in the first place. I
told
you
don't hook up to my car. I said I would call someone, y'all came anyways, hooked up to my car and now you're basically gonna extort me.
And then, but I finally, I was like, I didn't really have a choice at that point. My car is already in there a lot, so I had to pay that and then they dropped my car off at a tire dealership in the hopes that I could get rims and tires to get home because I was two hours away from home. I was in Beaumont actually, I was closer orange, like right on the Louisiana texas line. And um, but I finally like the first place opens up or they take my car where they don't have rims in stock for my car. So I'll walk like half a mile down the road to another tire shop and they happen to have Rams, but they're 1" bigger, but they're like, so where's your car? And then I told him where it was at and kind of what happened then the guy just looks at me goes, are you okay? Are you bleeding? And I went, I don't know like I hadn't even seen myself. I know what I looked like apparently like my chest was bright red and it was it was bad. It was bad looking.
you.
You too?