Mhm Yeah, mm Think about the target. How you doing? Hi.
Okay, can you hear me? Okay,
How is the lighting? Is that window? Too much? I can like swing around or something maybe?
How's it going today?
Not too terrible.
no, I'm
gonna minimize my I wonder if I can your like your your your mouth is obscured by the window of me. So I don't know how to try and I don't think I don't know how, I don't know if I can minimize that or not. I don't think I can.
So how's it been going or I don't know what you're going. It's going good.
Yeah, pretty much the same. So it's hard to believe March was five years ago. Hi. I saw a picture of a family. It seems like maybe you have a kid at home even. Huh?
Yeah,
no kids of mine or my mom. I'm staying with my mom right now. I was in in a city but this is the middle of nowhere and like for various reasons I came back here. But for one thing it's like it's a great place to be during a pandemic,
This
company
is that
so no kids, but we do have, my nephews are over here some of the time, so um which I think, you know, it helps out their parents and stuff, but they, I think they're getting pretty sick of each other. I mean they've pretty much been stuck with each other since March, you know, So no school, no daycare, no preschool, can't go over to other kids houses can't do anything, you know?
In
what
way at least they have property, you know, so they can at least go outside and run around and play. I really got to feel for people who live in like apartment buildings or you
know. Yeah. Oh jeez. Yeah.
Yeah. At least maybe let them get some fresh air. I don't know if they can get any zoom ease out really that way. But
yeah. Yeah we had a heat wave um A little little stretch of a heat wave, good 456 days you know um 90s and up got over 100 1 day but it's cool back down into the 80s now.
Which is nice. You know If I had my druthers I I wouldn't have temperatures over the 70s.
Mhm. Yeah.
Oh. Oh same. Well when it's cold you can always put on more layers, you know when it's hot you can take off your skin And I don't even you know 60s isn't cold for me like I might wear flannel shirt or something but you know it's like it's not cold, it's actually nice.
Especially I mean if you're outside moving around especially you know it's just Yeah where where in the world are you are wearing the States? That you sound like you're
in the States?
Oh yeah it's got to get pretty hot there sometimes.
Yeah it's Los Angeles quickly in the desert. Is that the biodome?
It's interesting because you go I think san Diego is not the right and it's pretty close by
but sandy signals right on the coast so.
Yeah and that's why you get the wildfires, you're the just the entire southern California is on fire now every year basically.
Has
it been a bad year for that this year? Or? I haven't seen
a lot in the new
huh.
Boy.
we had we had in 2017 there was a really big one not too far from here, just huge and it went on forever. Eagle Creek Wire in the Columbia River Gorge on the south side of it. Um there was a 15 year old kid. It was like the hottest, driest summer on record. A 15 year old kid was playing with fireworks.
Washington.
Just just north
of the border
here. Yeah. Yeah, so
and a little with what's that?
Um We are north of the Gorge a little ways up on Mount Adams, so like right in between kind of the east and west side so that the climate is more like the west side than the east side. It's not like hot air dry, it's definitely forested and you know, it's a little less rain probably than the west side. And the precipitation, precipitation patterns are different. Like it's um it's more concentrated in one part of the year, like the fall winter and then, you know the spring and summer are more dry. Like it's, it's more like, you know, Five months of precipitation instead of like eight. You know what I mean? Like? Yeah. So you know, I'm approximating but yeah, and we get, we get winter
here,
we get
because
we're up on the mountain.
we're, we're about whereabouts did
you spend?
I didn't
know nothing
to do with the name.
Yeah. Oh yeah. It's gorgeous. Yeah. What
did
you
Oh yeah. I've been to Yakima. I actually was lived there for a couple of months. Yeah. It's uh they call it the Palm springs of Washington. It's the same amount of
sunny days,
but it's no problem Springs, Yakima sucks. It's like the cities and, and it's not even like and the client and the client it like it's hot. It's desert and it's ugly. Like the surrounding areas. It has nothing. It's just like brown and dead. Like there's, it's not
even like a pretty desert that has like rock formations and red rock and you know, sage brush and stuff like
Yeah. That old central um, central eastern part is just like, yeah, kind of a waste lying.
I guess it gets green for a while in the spring. Everything gets green, but you know, not for too long. Yeah.
Mm But there is like the, like the northeast part of Washington is pretty, you know, like basically near the panhandle of Idaho which is gorgeous.
And
then they're part of the southeast
part, which is, which is basically prairie, which is kind of pretty like, you know, more like kind of above northern Oregon there. But yeah,
because that,
what's that?
Um, I'd say further south of Walla Walla, but yeah, you know, well around Wallawalla isn't too terrible either. It's not like the, just like the depths of hell, you know, it's like I'm joking. But yeah, it's not quite like that central,
just like really central eastern part is the basic is really not terribly attractive. Okay. Uh huh. But they grow good fruit there. Whoops. You disappeared? Where'd you go? Can you hear me still? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, without it? Mhm. Okay. Yeah. What? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah, yep. There you are. Okay.
that happens.
that's
okay. Mine has like a really long battery life. So what is one of the reasons I got it?
This, this particular one.
What
did
you think of Spokane?
I've never really been there. I have a couple of friends from there.
I
mean
my friends
who were
there were
you know pretty
happy
to
leave
when they go and they finished school you know get you know somewhere else. I went to school in Olympia Washington which is south of Seattle so. Oh yeah it's really pretty. And uh I went to evergreen
which actually
is it's not well it owns like 1000 acres of rainforest along puget sound. So we just go walk out along the sound and go out in the forest and stuff you know for
fun. That's
pretty
great. Yeah. Yeah one time
I remember
when I was walking into him with a friend
of mine and we found there's like this
giant orange dead octopus on the beach was pretty crazy. Uh huh. It's
different climate from Seattle though, It's actually much rainier. People think Seattle is like one of the rainiest cities on earth. And it's really not like they're much radio places. Uh especially in places like Hawaii even the south get more rain. Like Seattle has a lot of rainy like gray overcast days and some drizzle. But Olympia because it's it's not actually yet like totally west of the olympic
range because there's like a double rain shadow in Washington state, right? Because you have the cascades which is the major one. But then you also have the olympic range which is right kind of along the edge of the peninsula and then west of that everything is just rain, rain, rain, rain forest. Um But Olympia is kind of like right on the edge of right in in the olympic range there, so it's a lot rainier in Seattle. Yeah, both in terms of rainy days and precipitation, like in the winter it would just rain buckets, you know and it's almost worse in a way than like cold and snow
because when it's like almost cold enough to snow but not quite and it pours down rain, you know, it's kind of worth you get yeah and it just gets soaks right into your bones
but yeah. Mhm. I think it affects
everybody's
moved
there,
it's
it's a thing, you know you kind of don't notice it until it starts to get sonny, you know in the spring and you're just like wow, I feel so good.
Mhm. I wonder what this, I wonder why, what is this,
what's this about?
Yeah, but
it
is
still
better
I think
than like I lived in michigan for six years and that's where you get like, you know just frigid, you get like snow and ice and and just frigid cold, you know like the below zero type stuff where it's like you walk out in your your your nose burns like your nose hairs freeze together type thing. It still wasn't as bad Southeast michigan, so it wasn't as bad as like Minnesota or something, but you know Uh yeah, there you
guys
get
-40.
but just remember just like trying to walk around
could be awful because they weren't always good about shoveling stuff, you know, so it would be, the snow would get like packed down and then it would get wet and then it would freeze so you're like trying to, you have to like take baby steps to try to walk anywhere and yeah, one time I slipped, it was like I was walking home from a party and it was like the sidewalks were just not just icy, but it was like solid sheets of ice, but you couldn't really see it that well because it was night, you know? Um and I was walking and it was literally like a cartoon, like um I also had like a bum ankle at the time, I had a sprained ankle, it might have still been wearing a boot, but I'm not sure, I don't think I was, but like literally like I slipped and like, like up in the air, you know? And then slammed, I got just a contused, just like the worst giant contusion, black bruise, you know? Yeah, but it was kind of funny in a way, just like, oh, that actually happens in real life. Uh huh.
So where did you grow up at? Oh wow.
I'm
from here. Yeah.
Born
and raised
in the middle of nowhere. Open the forest on the mountain. Oh
well
I went
to,
I went
to undergrad
and
Olympia
and then
I went to grad school, I was in a PhD program in michigan and then I left that for various reasons, I was on a medical leave for a couple years and I ended up, I'm not going back for just for various reasons. Um And yeah, so I've been doing just some like um self employed, you know like translation, transcription, freelance, yada yada, what I can do whatever I can get, I would rather have a position. So I'm looking for something like that, you know um either in person or remote, I mean remote at this point would definitely buy, but the job market is just brutal right now, so. Yeah.
You know, try
to do what you can. Yeah. Yeah.
Um Russian mostly
Russian
cool.
Where it? Oh wow, cool,
What?
You're
that's before I was
there
in Russia, I was
in ST Petersburg um and Moscow I've been in Russia, I was in Russia kind of like you know various points various times From like 2011 to 2013 I want to say. So You got a little scary after Putin got back in in 2012 you know?
think
and after
I
think
he's
got a lot worse in 2012 like that's when he you know because he had this whole thing where it's like oh well I mean it was a fake you know like when he had the idea of his other yeah it was just a switch switcheroo for a few years
and then he just came out just to be in the letter of the law, you know like Um but now he's after 2012, it's like now he's just a dictator now, you know, like, yep, so mhm. Yeah, I'm not hunting.
definitely,
I much preferred ST Petersburg
to Moscow.
Just,
it's much more, it's not totally relaxing, it's still a giant city, but it's, it is a lot more chill, you know, the energy of Moscow is just kind of overwhelming like mhm.
and
people
are
like
kind of like
yell
at each
other
and
it's, it's
like
everything is so fast paced and it's, and the attitude to is very, I don't know if it was then, but when I was there, it was like very capitalistic, like very money oriented like Yeah, mm,
it's
still kind
of
like that,
you know, it's
still like ostentatious wealth and just like abject poverty like right next to each other basically. Yeah. Yeah, it's a little it's not as glaring.
Yeah, but ST Petersburg
was definitely did not feel that way or at least to a much much lesser degree, it feels much more like I think there's less, well I think there's less money there for one thing, you know? Um
and there seems to be more of kind of, I don't know of middle class is the right word because it's not middle class in the american sense but kind of like people with like a semi like normal by Russian standards, salary, it's very much it's much more like it kind of just kind of feels a little more normal is not the right word, but maybe, you know what I mean? I don't know like Yeah. Yeah.
and
and
ST peter's
burgers I mean they brag
about
it so you
know it's
like that you know take it with a grain of salt but it it is that people are kind of more like cultured and the like and yeah are not less Russian it's just like they're less
like
kind
of crass
and
rude
and
you know. Yeah but that's more that's a Moscow thing, not a Russian thing you know like nobody outside of Moscow really likes musk of isIS. Yeah. Yeah and it's always been that's always been the case like pretty much all of rest in Russian history like nobody likes nobody outside of Moscow, likes Moscow and muscovites pretty much. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I wish I could go back but
I probably
never will not anytime soon with the political situations. Yeah.
Arab
Yeah The world is just
now.
It's
sci
fi
dystopia.
It's not even sci
fi it's just a dystopia. Yeah.
All
well
you probably got kids and stuff so you probably want to get on with your day. Yeah. No problem at all yep.
All
Particularly.