SPEAKER_L: blue. Okay. Mm Mhm Right, Mhm, Mhm Mhm. George Oh, you hear me to carry potter books too thick? Harry potter, But this one this one sure. Thanks babe. Oh no, I'm sorry, thank you. Or you stood up. Okay. I think in theory will start in two minutes assuming the person shows up. Don't get too down the stairs though, you know, I wanted paints that were so powerful. Mhm, wow. Yeah. What? Uh huh. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Morning
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So the last time I did this, we went over by like 20 minutes, I'm going to set an alarm just what I was trying to do and then realized I got a new phone yesterday and all my apps are in the wrong spot. You know, I'm embarrassed, I'm still reap aging everything timer. There it is. Okay, awesome. Hi, I'm molly.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry about that
SPEAKER_L: molly.
SPEAKER_R: molly. I'm jay nice to meet
SPEAKER_L: bro,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: are you doing on this sunday?
SPEAKER_R: Doing pretty well. Yeah it's been a lazy lazy morning so far. I woke up a little late today I'm usually up very early
SPEAKER_L: I also slept in,
SPEAKER_R: 12
SPEAKER_L: I definitely reading, I don't know if you ever do this but you would like definitely like an hour past your bedtime but you're like oh there's only this much left of the book but then you're like oh yeah whoops that took another hour now.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah I know I've been there. What do you mean
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I was just re reading a book, I read 100 times Snow Crash by neal Stephenson. It's um pretty well known cyberpunk sci fi book from the nineties.
SPEAKER_R: you nice? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's uh a classic, there's never been made to movie and probably won't be but it's like um pretty well known
SPEAKER_R: boom
SPEAKER_L: if you like sci fi which I usually don't like sci fi that much but this book is an exception.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and sometimes you just want to read things that you like and haven't read in a year or two. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: any
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: plans
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: birthday?
SPEAKER_L: yeah do you know what
SPEAKER_R: You have any plans for the day?
SPEAKER_L: um I mean I'm watching the bedsheets. Um my son is writing an english paper that I will probably edit at some point. Um And my husband and I are going to probably play a game later, but he's got a whole list of stuff to get done. So it depends on whether or not like he's trying to make the decision today where his dad has had some strokes
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: and needs to be enrolled in Medicare, Medicaid, Medicare. But the old people are, anyone can pick your plan every year.
SPEAKER_R: everything
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, I don't know how anyone thinks there.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: That was so funny. So currently what we've done is we split everything into like chunks of five and picked what we thought was the best fives were running it like um we're running it like a league playoff game basically because we couldn't compare that many at the time
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no that's
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: a smart way to do it. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so he, we got it down to like our top five and he's going to call his aunt jen jen, who's currently has care of his father and then go over it with them so well with her. His father doesn't really contribute
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: anyone. Yeah. Uh so we'll see how long that takes.
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: Uh his family dynamic is very strange. So
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: anyway, it's good. So not much, which is actually nice. Right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah lazy sunday.
SPEAKER_L: lazy sunday yourself? Same thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for the most part nothing nothing big schedules I don't think some laundry like you had mentioned um
SPEAKER_L: huh. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: we did most of the cleaning up stuff chores yesterday so I like the philadelphia eagles. They play at
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: one o'clock this afternoon
SPEAKER_L: ground.
SPEAKER_R: so I'll probably watch them. Hopefully beat the Giants.
SPEAKER_L: We'll see and I am not a huge payer attention of football and I definitely don't hate, this is the eagle for the china. I think they're a little bit about the Seahawks abstracted, li I should care about the browns. I live in Cleveland. It looks more fun when we're constantly losing if you don't care because it's funny when you have a joke, like there's something called the Cleveland store and there's a few around town that so like, you know, Cleveland theme shirts and stuff, but I saw the window, the one by my coffee place, there was a book and it said what? It said, Mommy, why is daddy always sat on sunday, like the most Cleveland star thing to carry.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: It was really funny, but apparently the browns don't suck this year, so that's not interesting.
SPEAKER_R: can stroke they are playing pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I like Russell Wilson, I'm from Seattle and my parents really love the Seahawks, so their enthusiasm bleeds over a little uh and makes it easy to send gifts to the dog. I just admit like Seahawks sweater after
SPEAKER_R: There you
SPEAKER_L: sweater
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: uh where they wear them out.
SPEAKER_R: It's funny like I I grew up watching football and like I love it but I do recognize that like it's
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: a dangerous sport like period those hits and what we know about CTE now like I'm conflicted as to I'm certainly not as vocal about being like a big football fan as I used to be because of like the you know at what
SPEAKER_L: And I have
SPEAKER_R: at what
SPEAKER_L: to leave
SPEAKER_R: point
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: do we say like? Alright definitely not for our kids like they're still PB leaks where the kids are hitting each other and stuff. I can only imagine a lifetime of taking hits like that. You know like they say that the small ones add up then the earlier you start
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: likely you are to end up in that situation or potentially. So I don't know we need like more information from science I think, you know, and I don't want to see football die altogether, but it's not it's not worth risking your brain, you know, like I love
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: the sport but I I wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: do it.
SPEAKER_L: husband and I were having that conversation the other day. And we were actually talking about what you were saying, the new information that shows that it's not a cumulative concussions, but you don't need to reach a level of concussion to cause brain damage over time if it's repetitive. Because well, he actually was talking about was he feels it's not a huge football plan, but the ball he what he's interested in uh numbers. So numbers are interesting. He was talking about how kickers are not actually paid very much despite the fact that overall scores, probably the kickers score really high, right? Like for lifetime scores for kickers, they're making almost as many points as anyone else on the field. He actually had numbers on that that I didn't keep track of. And I was like, well, yeah, but the kickers are getting kicked in the head, right? And he was like, what, what's that why? And then he was talking about other sports was like, no, that feels relevant to me. I was like, you have to pay everyone else enough to continue to put themselves through that at this point. Um, But yeah, no, we discouraged our son from doing, um, that particular sport, and when he retired from gymnastics, we were unbelievably relieved. Uh, you hit your head a little bit too much in gymnastics and you're at risk for hitting for concussions a lot. Like, we've seen three or four kids get serious concussions, um, and have to, like, stop for six months because you're going too fast, too much velocity and there's really hard things for them to hit their heads on with no helmet pommel horses, high bars, um or just landing net first and breaking your back, That one's bad. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: And your own your own needier head even some of the spin.
SPEAKER_L: oh, I don't need himself in the I want. It was really, it was really awful actually because it was so loud. It was like a private lesson before all the kids, you probably was one right before practice that jim was pretty empty and he was just practicing a release Like you're released right? So he was only like probably 10 and it was just a layout release off the high bar. So you went all the way around and then you come out and then you basically do a somersault in the air but like totally straight and released too early. And so he came up in the air and his shins both hit the bar and then he dropped him down but the noise of his shins and then he was like crying, crying, he didn't cry when he broke his foot circulated like he he was like crying crying and so nick got scooped him out and put him down and thought for sure he'd broken his legs, his legs were fine. He had come down here and need himself in the eye and he has his
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: because they're also so flexible. He went down and when he dropped his little legs 12 50 and we were trying really hard not to laugh because we were like so relieved he hadn't smashed growth is like the noise of the metal custom metal bar on the high bar for the boys. The noise of that bar was so loud, it's like
SPEAKER_R: It's Jari.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Yeah, it was just a little bruise on age like, but if he was very sad about thanks, those pits are full of foam for
SPEAKER_R: What? And,
SPEAKER_L: So that you can take a head or into the thumb and not hit your head. It's actually like they're like nine ft deep. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: One of the grocery things you can make gymnastics kids teams do is punishment is clean out the pits to throw out all the foam and then clean up the stuff on the bottom, it's disgusting.
SPEAKER_R: That yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Let's just like never the girls team is a pig cleaning it out. Either I'm boys being naughty uh looks good. So do you, so that's a tough question because I think that'd be really hard if I was a huge football fan because I just you know, I would I would be really concerned about the kids that are playing and I don't know do you know how different the rules are for tackling, say even just in high school, because I know like the middle school kids still are doing tackling but it looks less aggressive or maybe it's just that they're less athletic at that age.
SPEAKER_R: I would I don't know. I I don't I never played um like organized football, my mother even back like them, you know the nineties when I was in school, she didn't want me playing football, her brother played football and she was like, I saw how many different injuries he got in high school and I'm not interested in taking you guys to the hospital every third game. You know, like we're just not doing that, we can't afford it. Um, So I don't know like what the rules are like, but I'm not aware of any, like any special rules about tackling or physicality in the lower ages. I mean it would make sense and I know that some of the flag sports have taken off for that reason, but I think like high school is, it's just full on football. I imagine they probably have like no helmet to helmet, like the NFL does now. Um, but you know, you've got to have the officials to be able to see that stuff and call it. I imagine it's probably more likely happening at the high school level because you have less officials to see it and to say, hey, no, no, we don't allow that. And if it happens again, like you can get tossed out of the game if we see it twice or whatever, but if you're not seeing it the first time, how are you throwing them out? You know, if you're not sure?
SPEAKER_L: and because at that age usually have less self control and quick decision making skills to the brains that are yet to and then I probably more likely to react in anger. Yeah, probably not a lot better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what, I don't know what the solution is, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I guess, yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: And then you said that I was like, oh yeah, because my sister was really well known, she went to college on a soccer scholarship, she's tiny though she's like five ft two, she's sturdy. Um but she was particularly well known, she's a defender for um basically doing yellow and red cards stuff and getting away with it and never being seen, she was super sneaky, she could always see how the corner where, where her refs were. She really stepped on in. Seoul she do kidney punches. She was just like
SPEAKER_R: brutal
SPEAKER_L: testifying,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like I went to this day, I don't ever see anymore. But even when she was like, and when she was like fourth grade, I quit doing pickup soccer with her because she was always hitting people, been tripping them and she just never, she would never get caught and it was just absolutely terrifying. And I bet there are kids in high school who approaches the same way, like, um, yeah, you're right if there's less refs and no cameras to double check everything. Uh, man, that's rough. It's fun to watch.
SPEAKER_R: It is a lot of fun to watch. It's fun to play too. I always always really enjoyed like we used to play pick up games in the neighborhood with like the neighborhood kids and we'd get like, you know, five on five or six on six, you know, decent number of guys together and you've got a game, it's a lot of fun. But yeah, people, I mean I remember, I definitely had a number of concussions from playing like sandlot ball like that where it's just kids ads, you know, and you get up and you know, everything like fuzzy and you can hear
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: right? And you're like, what is,
SPEAKER_L: Lucky.
SPEAKER_R: what is this, you know? Right?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I guess and if you're doing it there, you're less likely to be told, hey, maybe take a break and make sure you don't get that second concussion.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, now we will just get back in the game. Your buddies are like, come on dude, don't stop being a baby. We gotta we gotta run this next play.
SPEAKER_L: Is it all but Oh, that's rough. So are you are you in philadelphia then?
SPEAKER_R: we're actually, we moved to Virginia like three years ago for my wife's work. She's a teacher. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I am a part time teacher I guess,
SPEAKER_R: that's wrong.
SPEAKER_L: although I'm a substitute teacher, which means I'm not actually working right because No one needs us to do. Um but also there are people who need the job, like basically it's not like there aren't any substitutes, it's just the number has gone way down for what's needed. So I am in a position where my substituting was not a large contribution to our income but rather something I did because I'm an adult and my son is a freshman in high school now, so I was giving a couple more years where I was just working part time. Um So I sort of have just said take my name off the list. So um although uh there's a private school, but this is a Montessori school that I've stepped into twice because they just call you as an individual. And I said yeah, that's fine, I can come in, yeah, it's uh really boring, I've started I've started doing prolific more, I used to do one a month um but it's been kind of fun and it's also interesting to see like I'm so one of my degrees, a couple of degrees are in psychology and so I enjoy looking at the construction of surveys and being really judgy and interested in trying to figure out what are they trying to ascertain what are they doing, is there how are they isolated the information that they're going for? It's kind
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: of interesting actually,
SPEAKER_R: I like thinking about that stuff too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and I'm unsure 100% what they're doing with these. I'm assuming something with like facial features and um like communication skills and also based on the questions like how people interpret themselves versus how other people interpret them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I was thinking to pretty much at first, I had thought at first I had actually thought that it had to do with how people dealt with um like expectation the first like three that I signed up for. I signed up, I signed in and waited the five minutes or whatever. And so I really got to a point where I was like, they're not going to match me with anybody. This is like this
SPEAKER_L: we got
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: of how I react to this
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that happened the first round that they did use a while ago, I want to say maybe in the spring, uh I signed up twice and no one showed up and so I didn't bother signing up again and then I tried again this last time and someone showed up and I was like, oh great.
SPEAKER_R: our people.
SPEAKER_L: Uh maybe. And honestly I'm like, it's like everyone just like more hard up for money or if I just like getting like maybe they had like they started matching with people who had shown up previously with people who had shown up.
SPEAKER_R: So maybe that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: you have our number. So they're like, well this person had to wait and then we should have lunch time, let's make sure we spend them on someone else do showed up.
SPEAKER_R: Have a good
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: system.
SPEAKER_L: how would you the system on their part. Although I guess it would affect randomization but I mean showing up and taking it it's sort of a require.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. We want so much you can do about that.
SPEAKER_L: So do you like Virginia?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's good. We're just outside of the district, so I'm still getting
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: used
SPEAKER_L: in this
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: experience
SPEAKER_R: seeing the monuments and stuff when I'm going out to do chores and things. You run errands. You see the, you know, the Washington monument sticking up in the sky? It's kind of strange.
SPEAKER_L: you guys are pretty close then?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're like right across the river. I'm in the district like once a month or so usually.
SPEAKER_L: Well okay wow that's really close. I mean we've done people there but they are usually like honestly it probably wasn't that far of a distance but with traffic it would take almost an hour to get to where they were at. Um And I want to say most of our Maryland's that right? Is that the other one? I guess North. Yeah I had to think you know at some point I definitely knew where all the states were
SPEAKER_R: It feels that way, but I don't
SPEAKER_L: rob.
SPEAKER_R: know when whenever I go back to a map and look for like specific states and I'm like, I'm pretty sure I have a good idea where this is at and then I go and I look and I'm like, yeah, I was pretty close with like general area, but I was wrong that it bordered this one and I didn't know that it bordered that one. You know, like there's a lot of them.
SPEAKER_L: my son a couple of years ago was doing um they've just been called the national GOP which is like Scripps spelling bee but it's for geography.
SPEAKER_R: Money.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if your wife like it's for like all 6th 7th 8th graders I think in the country it's like just something they do a test and he's really well and he got all the way to the finals of the school place like third or fourth surprisingly because we don't think of him as a geography person. But it turns out a lot of the questions are more like demographics and um
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: like where stuff is but also why it is and who owns it and you know things like mountain ranges and stuff apparently. And I was like I was like I bet I could I bet I know where all the states are. And he's like mom I'm gonna give you one state and you will find out a map and I'm like, okay, what's the state he said? Iowa Yeah. I don't like, I think it's one of these spring,
SPEAKER_R: Somewhere over here. Ish.
SPEAKER_L: I would like to find all these other ones. And then I was done with like three. It was like, I don't know what it's like, like how like how did he know he knew and I did the rest of it. And at the time I actually felt that everything I mixed up a couple. Like I found new york, I got Rhode island and Delaware mixed up somehow. But then the other three where it was like Iowa and Kansas and there was another one and I didn't know, I was like, how did he know? And he's like mom because nothing is more boring than Iowa, I'm not going. And
SPEAKER_R: Answer.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, I'm like, couldn't come up with anything that had to do with Ira. But other than they have a corn caucus, that was, that's the only thing I could come up with. Like the release, they're not known for anything. And then I felt bad for people from Iowa who can probably tell me something interesting about it. I also don't think I've ever been there. I don't think I've driven through it
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Because it doesn't go through it and 90 doesn't go through it. That was the other thing I was doing right. I was trying to draw the highways
SPEAKER_R: Right. To see.
SPEAKER_L: The country because I've driven 80 90 and 70 and I was like, so it's not in but there was no freaking highways on the map. It was here that comes down and it comes to Missouri. Yeah it was. Yeah. He mocked.
SPEAKER_R: So you mentioned that you've subbed at a montessori school, Did you? How do you feel about like the different approaches that some of these other like private or like schools? My wife and I discuss a lot about education often and so just don't critics to have another perspective.
SPEAKER_L: So I actually got asked to sit there because we sent our son therefore his 3 to 6 years. So it is a monastery that does monastery toddler for half day. Regular monastery traditional school which is three year olds to six year olds include your kindergarten here. But they also do a monastery influence first through eighth grade on um research wise.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: traditional 3-6 monastery has been held up really well. The scientific approach to the way that typical kids learn at that age is really good, it's very hands on itself driven. It's really good at promoting um like self confidence and also promotes self starting and also kids working for the idea of working for enjoyment.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Um And it does a really good job making sure that kids can move forward in each area that they need to. It also has a lot of tactile stuff. It's incredibly well designed monastery for older kids does not make as much sense because as Children get older, their brains don't work the same way.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: And I think most importantly, once you get to the 6th, 7th and 8th grade years, if you're going into high school and potentially doing from there to college, the need to be able to do productive sit down paperwork is just essential for education in this country. You're not really, I think going to be able to succeed as an adult if you don't know how to do that, you know, a very hard time transitioning to high school if you never did at least six hours sitting and taking notes, right, and then studying those notes and then taking tests and then you go to high school and you've got like hours of homework on top of that. That's not
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: right. It's not a great easy approach unless you're also going to an alternative type of education for high school. And then from there, what are you doing for college? I mean it's yeah, I mean there's good things and bad things about those older age groups. Um but for 3-6 my husband did Montessori and he loved it. Um We chose one story for our son for the 36 age and he did have to and he did great and he loved it. Um I really enjoy the approach. I didn't I read quite a few books on it because I was curious at the time. So those are my those are my general thoughts. Um So I'm like pro monastery like Maria Montessori original 3-6 year old. Big. Yes, I'm super pro that everything else. I mean there's good things and bad things. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Then that's pretty much where we're
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: at with it surprisingly similar to our viewpoints, where it's like it it's great for a certain age group and then it's you start getting less diminishing returns as they get older and to a point where it's like may actually be hindering our education because of how it's going to, you know, change in the future. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you also an educator?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I work with my hands. I'm a painter. I went to school for graphic design and so I do some of that. But I don't I did that for like five years and got burned out. I didn't like,
SPEAKER_L: What for
SPEAKER_R: you know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: come?
SPEAKER_R: all of the, you know my nephew drew this, can you make this in the low like that's not how this is supposed to work, man. You know what I mean? Like can I do that? Yeah, I can do that. It's not the best idea to make your logo for your business. The thing that your nephew drew because you thought it looked cool or whatever like it does look cool. I'm not saying that's not cool. It's just not the thing you want to build your brand on, you know what I mean like?
SPEAKER_L: what is not? And then there's so much like and for something like that for graphic design, there's so much the idea of like psychology and marketing that comes into designing those things which is probably more why you don't want to use your nephews design you know? Uh My mom went to art school originally and then she two years later went back to
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: school and then became an occupational therapist because she was like this is just not it was not what she had signed up for and it wasn't graphic design but it was something similar where she was working in a corporate world but then she didn't feel she could make it as an artist because I think realistically very few people could make it just making their own art and selling it successfully.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's yeah, That's not really that's not really very realistic either. And that's how I ended up. And now I get to now I really do enjoy what day to day I paint houses, but I love it. I love the immediate gratification of coming in there and cleaning the place up and getting a fresh coat of paint on and it looks at the end of the day, it always looks better than I did when I started. So that's great.
SPEAKER_L: I loved playing houses. I mostly just repay my own houses over and over again. But everything talked about it with me except for I have a little bit of a fear of ladders and so on stairwells sometimes I cannot get it even with the stick thing and the square on the end, so like little square pad sometimes so high I can't get it. And I have to have my husband stand honest on a we even have like a really good ladder that's like one of the ones adjust all the ways you can put it on a staircase safely. I still can't like I'm up there but I'm like like I'm going to die,
SPEAKER_R: You've got to really be comfortable up there
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: am
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: some of the stuff we do,
SPEAKER_L: I am not comfortable so I can't do my own sterols very well. Um like it'll actually, and sometimes because he's a busy guy, especially in our old house from the above, on the balcony, I get most of the stairwell, so I would end up with just this one spot in the middle of, I can never quite get it. Uh It's, our new house is much taller ceilings. It's a craftsman From like the 1920s, so it's got, I think the word might be tutor, it's got a lot of these interestingly shaped entryways and banisters uh that they kept that they've redone and knocked out walls and made it a little nicer but it's tall. Like I have to stay in a chair to get all the edges. Now I can't like just up on my toes anymore.
SPEAKER_R: reach here.
SPEAKER_L: A little annoying. And it's also got, I don't know, you can even see it above me. It's got these like a lot of these ceilings are like, you see how it's not straight to the ceiling. It's this like curved thing that kind of happens. Very annoying.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, those are annoying.
SPEAKER_L: And also whoever leveled the drywall on some of the sections. There are a lot of places like they could have squared this a lot better than they did
SPEAKER_R: You have to
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: run into that all the time. The biggest pet peeve on the job is running into things where I'm like, now I understand why you did like this. It's the easiest quickest way to have, but it looks like I wouldn't do this in my own house, like let alone somebody's house. I'm working on for money, you know, like,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well and whoever, so this house was redone right before we bought it. And we were trying to buy a house really quickly and it was pretty much moving ready. But like the longer we're here the more like you did not do this correctly. Like come across like a baseboard. We realized that like they say stapled evidence of using a nail gun and really the contract used different people for different parts of the house. Like the bathroom. Nothing wrong in that bathroom. It is perfect. Everything about it is squared and beautiful and child lovely. Whoever the Tyler was was great. Whoever cabinet should be shot. Yeah. Well, and I'm trying to figure out how to refinished them. They are you might have a suggestion it's not painting but they're not wood. Like sections of them are would like so the if you like pull out a single kitchen cabinet, you can have their level, they're beveled right with different sections. Middle panel is not would would it's some sort of
SPEAKER_R: Like mdf
SPEAKER_L: Yes, but the other part is would so I know I think well I know I can't re sync it really because it's not wood. So I think I have to paint it but then I'm trying to figure out, I've never tried to paint a non wood thing because I would just sand it down Allah suggestions on how to paint kitchen cabinets.
SPEAKER_R: you could, you could still paint those. I would think the mdf we do sometimes paint um I'd recommend like a good, good stuff and then a
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: primer
SPEAKER_L: was so long.
SPEAKER_R: is all and then once you've got the coat of primer on your paint should adhere to that. No problem,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Because I was just like, because I don't even know like, like, I honestly, I probably could just
SPEAKER_R: shoot.
SPEAKER_L: be Googling me things, but like, MdF is because I don't know what it is. So I don't know if standing it is going to create a toxic thing all over my house. Uh and it was potentially a project for the summer now, it's too cold. So there's something about this year that has made me very unenthusiastic, like, I feel like the more time I have is like, this extends more and more, the less urgent, I feel the need to get done locked her
SPEAKER_R: I know what
SPEAKER_L: up,
SPEAKER_R: you mean. I do I have that problem recently as well, what I'm like, well I can I'll get to it.
SPEAKER_L: well. And it's also, it kind of makes me wonder if I'm like, it's a little bit like a little fundamentally disappointed in huai, potentially, right? Like, apparently I'm not as much of a go getter as I thought. Like, I haven't sat down to write a novel, right? Like I'm, My son actually wrote a novel this summer with his friends. End up being over 50,000 words.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she's apparently a go getter.
SPEAKER_R: Did you read? It was good?
SPEAKER_L: It was pretty good actually. Sections of it were really good. I was most impressed that they were able to like through like just like 10 Zoom calls. They plotted out the whole thing. They had six main characters and then they would like um do each, they would do each character, Like each one of them wrote two characters. So each chapter was one of the six characters thing. It was written, it was a, a story of the final days of a mob boss right after the Great depression started uh in Cleveland. So it was the Cleveland fireworks gang and how they tried to do a job and it did not go well and everyone ended up getting killed. Um It was dark and it was a little funny and the characters were well done. Um pretty well developed. I thought it was good.
SPEAKER_R: It sounds like a little bit like like Reservoir dogs kind of
SPEAKER_L: Yeah actually I'm sure my son has not seen any Quentin Tarantino movie um but not too far up. I mean a little more, I mean there were there were girls in it. Uh but a little more depressing I think it's one way to put it like everyone was just really depressed like one guy had like PTSD from World War What like you know but it was a depressing time actually
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: was surprised at how good the research was backing it up. One of them was a drug addict like it was not going well.
SPEAKER_R: That's really impressive though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean he likes to write and he did it with two friends from his schools writing club so um I think kids are, I think kids are trying to find a way to connect, you know I mean people in Cleveland, I'm pretty much in quarantine and stayed in quarantine because it's just our numbers are crap here and they've kind of been crap all summer, so it's uh you know that's something our
SPEAKER_R: That's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: um let's see here, I think our timer went off, I actually put a timer on. Well, so I do have to ask though. Um So does your wife teaching in private? I'm curious what she's doing private or she's doing public?
SPEAKER_R: Public.
SPEAKER_L: Public. And does she like is it a traditional public school or are they doing other things?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it is a title one school, so it's like a traditional public school, but they're
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: on the like the very bottom for the most part. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: the technology they get is hand me downs from like the richer schools and stuff. Um And they, you know those schools they've got like, you know newer laptops and smart boards and like you know all the bells and whistles? She's going back next week and they can't even get them wireless headsets so that they can actually walk around
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: because they're doing like split five students in person, the rest online and it's like two days a week they go so you get different sets of kids Tuesday thursday as opposed to Wednesday
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: and friday or whatever. But you know, how is she supposed to be able to teach the kids in person and the ones online if she's tethered to her laptop because there's a cord and were headset like,
SPEAKER_L: G
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: elementary school?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she's kindergarten, so it's
SPEAKER_L: Oh she actually really needs to be able to go to the kids. Yeah because I'm like middle school high school, you can probably do it from the front. But yeah those little kids needs a hand on it, literally need pointing. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: That's so rough.
SPEAKER_R: It is, it's we're hoping that they can they call it off because our numbers are going up, you know again here as well and we're like five or 10 people away from hitting the mark, where they say like, okay, that's where we're gonna start contemplating rolling backup pays well, we're 10 people away from being at that point and we're two days away from opening schools back up. What do you think is gonna happen when we open those schools back up? You think 10 people are gonna like it's 10
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: people, you know?
SPEAKER_L: well and if it looks anything like this, what it looks like here, it's like this uh Some people will probably have happened this weekend hosting saturday. No our school districts brought back just the elementary schools for now. But we actually arsons in high school, they were doing such weird things that they were suggesting that we end up enrolling him in an online school for the year. So which
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: at least get the stability of like they're doing it online all the time and so he knows this is what my year is gonna be like as opposed to oh we're back in person. No, we're back on virtual,
SPEAKER_L: well. And part of their plan to like make sure that they could like have the kids come in and do like half days half the time was that all the kids were going to do each class for only one semester which is fine for most things but not for things like foreign language or math where he's trying to be on an A. P. H. R. For that. You can't learn a foreign language on four months a year.
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: He's in the really advanced math but He's not a super genius. He has to work at it. It's like he's not getting 100% on everything. It's really a lot of work for him and there's just no way he could have done that in six months.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no, certainly. Yeah certainly not. If you're taking like breaks in between like with with a foreign language it's so much harder to go back to it after a break, why would you put a break in? You don't need one, you know?
SPEAKER_L: or and so we're just you know we're messing. I'm just curious what people are doing across the country and its here from even here everyone's doing it differently. But the kind of curious what the situation is in different places that's really rough with kindergartners. They just you can't teach kindergartners on the screen.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: You just like I mean that's something I feel very confident in saying is that you can't teach kindergartners on the screen, especially things like, I mean they're still learning to hold their pencils correctly. You know, like there's too many things that require too much.
SPEAKER_R: You're right. You can't even see that because howard like, you know like they're not they're not doing this is how I hold my pencil like, you know, they don't they're not they're five, you know, there's still five year olds.
SPEAKER_L: But they're also enter, they need to learn how to hold the pencil correct quick. You know, that's, you know, like your teacher is to see how they're tracing. Like there's just too many, there's too many things there man, all that stuff. Well, I wish you good luck.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you you
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: guys as well. Hopefully this gets better.
SPEAKER_L: I mean we're in an okay stable financial situation for which I'm grateful. Um, but I mean it's been mostly rough on my son. I think. No sports, no music. No, I mean he's doing on my musical since that's not the same. And You know, we're hoping things get better. He is in the vaccine trial that just announced that 90% of activity. So he was the fifth kid in the country for his age group to do the vaccine trial. He was very excited to get done how on that.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. That's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: So we feel very confident sending them into the grocery store itself this week Now past the 28 day mark. Your like, you know, we're gonna drop you off, you can, can bring the coaches. Oh man. Well thanks for talking
SPEAKER_R: You too. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: like me and seriously wish your wife could like let her know that teachers all over the country are just feeling for all the teachers all over the country. I know we donated like we kind of stopped a lot of our big donations but we donated to the Cleveland proper school to shirt to help with their technology fund because they did like a, they did like a Patreon, like a go fund me. Uh, what they were actually trying to get was the like the thing that gives houses internet access. The little can't think of the word gives
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you wifi basically. Um If you don't have an internet connection because they have like half their kids Didn't have any way to get it and the parents can't afford it because that's the title one area. So, Man. All right, well, thanks. Have a good one.
SPEAKER_R: To thank you.