Mhm. Morning
I'm sorry about that
molly. I'm jay nice to meet
you.
Doing pretty well. Yeah it's been a lazy lazy morning so far. I woke up a little late today I'm usually up very early
12
yep. Yeah I know I've been there. What do you mean
you nice? Yeah
boom
thank you. Mhm.
Do you have
any
plans
birthday?
You have any plans for the day?
all
everything
it's it's a lot.
Yeah no that's
a smart way to do it. That makes sense.
That's
look
so
yeah lazy sunday.
Yeah for the most part nothing nothing big schedules I don't think some laundry like you had mentioned um
we did most of the cleaning up stuff chores yesterday so I like the philadelphia eagles. They play at
one o'clock this afternoon
so I'll probably watch them. Hopefully beat the Giants.
But
can stroke they are playing pretty well.
There you
go.
It's funny like I I grew up watching football and like I love it but I do recognize that like it's
a dangerous sport like period those hits and what we know about CTE now like I'm conflicted as to I'm certainly not as vocal about being like a big football fan as I used to be because of like the you know at what
at what
point
do we say like? Alright definitely not for our kids like they're still PB leaks where the kids are hitting each other and stuff. I can only imagine a lifetime of taking hits like that. You know like they say that the small ones add up then the earlier you start
likely you are to end up in that situation or potentially. So I don't know we need like more information from science I think, you know, and I don't want to see football die altogether, but it's not it's not worth risking your brain, you know, like I love
the sport but I I wouldn't
do it.
And your own your own needier head even some of the spin.
Ooh.
It's Jari.
What? And,
Mhm.
That yeah.
I would I don't know. I I don't I never played um like organized football, my mother even back like them, you know the nineties when I was in school, she didn't want me playing football, her brother played football and she was like, I saw how many different injuries he got in high school and I'm not interested in taking you guys to the hospital every third game. You know, like we're just not doing that, we can't afford it. Um, So I don't know like what the rules are like, but I'm not aware of any, like any special rules about tackling or physicality in the lower ages. I mean it would make sense and I know that some of the flag sports have taken off for that reason, but I think like high school is, it's just full on football. I imagine they probably have like no helmet to helmet, like the NFL does now. Um, but you know, you've got to have the officials to be able to see that stuff and call it. I imagine it's probably more likely happening at the high school level because you have less officials to see it and to say, hey, no, no, we don't allow that. And if it happens again, like you can get tossed out of the game if we see it twice or whatever, but if you're not seeing it the first time, how are you throwing them out? You know, if you're not sure?
Yeah, I just,
I don't
know,
I don't know what, I don't know what the solution is, you know,
everywhere.
brutal
and
It is a lot of fun to watch. It's fun to play too. I always always really enjoyed like we used to play pick up games in the neighborhood with like the neighborhood kids and we'd get like, you know, five on five or six on six, you know, decent number of guys together and you've got a game, it's a lot of fun. But yeah, people, I mean I remember, I definitely had a number of concussions from playing like sandlot ball like that where it's just kids ads, you know, and you get up and you know, everything like fuzzy and you can hear
right? And you're like, what is,
what is this, you know? Right?
Yeah, now we will just get back in the game. Your buddies are like, come on dude, don't stop being a baby. We gotta we gotta run this next play.
we're actually, we moved to Virginia like three years ago for my wife's work. She's a teacher. Yeah,
that's wrong.
now
I like thinking about that stuff too.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking to pretty much at first, I had thought at first I had actually thought that it had to do with how people dealt with um like expectation the first like three that I signed up for. I signed up, I signed in and waited the five minutes or whatever. And so I really got to a point where I was like, they're not going to match me with anybody. This is like this
sort
of how I react to this
our people.
So maybe that makes sense.
Have a good
system.
Yeah. Right. We want so much you can do about that.
Yeah, it's good. We're just outside of the district, so I'm still getting
used
to
seeing the monuments and stuff when I'm going out to do chores and things. You run errands. You see the, you know, the Washington monument sticking up in the sky? It's kind of strange.
Yeah. We're like right across the river. I'm in the district like once a month or so usually.
It feels that way, but I don't
know when whenever I go back to a map and look for like specific states and I'm like, I'm pretty sure I have a good idea where this is at and then I go and I look and I'm like, yeah, I was pretty close with like general area, but I was wrong that it bordered this one and I didn't know that it bordered that one. You know, like there's a lot of them.
Money.
hmm.
Somewhere over here. Ish.
Answer.
No.
Right. To see.
So you mentioned that you've subbed at a montessori school, Did you? How do you feel about like the different approaches that some of these other like private or like schools? My wife and I discuss a lot about education often and so just don't critics to have another perspective.
It's
good.
Thank you.
And
So,
Then that's pretty much where we're
at with it surprisingly similar to our viewpoints, where it's like it it's great for a certain age group and then it's you start getting less diminishing returns as they get older and to a point where it's like may actually be hindering our education because of how it's going to, you know, change in the future. Yeah.
No, no, I work with my hands. I'm a painter. I went to school for graphic design and so I do some of that. But I don't I did that for like five years and got burned out. I didn't like,
you know. Yeah,
all of the, you know my nephew drew this, can you make this in the low like that's not how this is supposed to work, man. You know what I mean? Like can I do that? Yeah, I can do that. It's not the best idea to make your logo for your business. The thing that your nephew drew because you thought it looked cool or whatever like it does look cool. I'm not saying that's not cool. It's just not the thing you want to build your brand on, you know what I mean like?
All
Yeah. That's yeah, That's not really that's not really very realistic either. And that's how I ended up. And now I get to now I really do enjoy what day to day I paint houses, but I love it. I love the immediate gratification of coming in there and cleaning the place up and getting a fresh coat of paint on and it looks at the end of the day, it always looks better than I did when I started. So that's great.
You've got to really be comfortable up there
to
do
some of the stuff we do,
reach here.
Yeah, those are annoying.
You have to
run into that all the time. The biggest pet peeve on the job is running into things where I'm like, now I understand why you did like this. It's the easiest quickest way to have, but it looks like I wouldn't do this in my own house, like let alone somebody's house. I'm working on for money, you know, like,
Like mdf
you could, you could still paint those. I would think the mdf we do sometimes paint um I'd recommend like a good, good stuff and then a
primer
is all and then once you've got the coat of primer on your paint should adhere to that. No problem,
shoot.
I know what
you mean. I do I have that problem recently as well, what I'm like, well I can I'll get to it.
that's cool.
Did you read? It was good?
It sounds like a little bit like like Reservoir dogs kind of
And
That's really impressive though.
That's very cool.
Public.
Yeah, so it is a title one school, so it's like a traditional public school, but they're
on the like the very bottom for the most part. Um
the technology they get is hand me downs from like the richer schools and stuff. Um And they, you know those schools they've got like, you know newer laptops and smart boards and like you know all the bells and whistles? She's going back next week and they can't even get them wireless headsets so that they can actually walk around
because they're doing like split five students in person, the rest online and it's like two days a week they go so you get different sets of kids Tuesday thursday as opposed to Wednesday
and friday or whatever. But you know, how is she supposed to be able to teach the kids in person and the ones online if she's tethered to her laptop because there's a cord and were headset like,
you know?
Yeah, she's kindergarten, so it's
Mhm.
It is, it's we're hoping that they can they call it off because our numbers are going up, you know again here as well and we're like five or 10 people away from hitting the mark, where they say like, okay, that's where we're gonna start contemplating rolling backup pays well, we're 10 people away from being at that point and we're two days away from opening schools back up. What do you think is gonna happen when we open those schools back up? You think 10 people are gonna like it's 10
people, you know?
and
at least get the stability of like they're doing it online all the time and so he knows this is what my year is gonna be like as opposed to oh we're back in person. No, we're back on virtual,
nope.
Yeah no, certainly. Yeah certainly not. If you're taking like breaks in between like with with a foreign language it's so much harder to go back to it after a break, why would you put a break in? You don't need one, you know?
Not
You're right. You can't even see that because howard like, you know like they're not they're not doing this is how I hold my pencil like, you know, they don't they're not they're five, you know, there's still five year olds.
Thank you you
guys as well. Hopefully this gets better.
That's cool. That's very cool.
You too. Thank you.
No.
To thank you.