SPEAKER_L: Mhm wow. Yeah. Oh I know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah wow. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Oh right okay. Oh thank you here. Yeah. Yeah. What man? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: hi
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: so uh mhm. I'm not really sure. We're supposed to talk for 25 minutes or something for the study I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I said just talk about whatever. I don't even know what their uh they might have said what they're studying but I don't think I paid attention well enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it was I think they said it was how people communicate or something mm
SPEAKER_L: There's definitely a lot of virtual communication going on right now so it's probably a good thing to study.
SPEAKER_R: No. Oh yeah with how zoom is blowing up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've spent more time on zoom in the last two months than I would ever like to for the rest of my life. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I've switched from uh my friends and I would usually try to get together to play games and stuff but now we're just playing and over the internet all the time instead of actually getting together it's like board games or whatever. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I have seen some of that going around the internet. How does board games work virtually?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well it depends because uh some board game designers have made their own video game versions of the board game and then a lot of people use something like a let me make sure I have the right name. Where is it?
SPEAKER_L: nuts.
SPEAKER_R: I thought I had on my desktop and now I need to go search for it because I know I have a tabletop simulator that's what it's called. Where um I guess I might as well talk about this, we're going to talk about something uh tabletop simulator, it's sort of a I guess what you'd call a sandbox game and uh people can make their own assets for it. So what a lot of people do is they just um digitally scan the board for a board game and the cards and such and then uh put them into the game,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: the tabletop simulator.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds cool. Yeah. No.
SPEAKER_R: so I've managed to play Oh, sorry to cut you off.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think there's a delay on my side because I'm hearing your voice on time but it's not matching with the picture but I think I'm it's just
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: slow internet.
SPEAKER_R: well, my setup is a little bit uh interesting. I'm not using a webcam, I am using my phone and I'm using a program to relay the information from my phone to my computer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh, something I'm actually proud of. Something. I found an old box of connects and I built a stand for my phone with the connects.
SPEAKER_L: Uh We used connects all the time growing up. My brother had an entire room because it was just me and my dad and my brother and they had an entire room just devoted to their connects creations. It was awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my my brother built uh two of them actually. Uh you know those connects, roller coasters? Yeah, he built two of them and I'm a couple years younger than him, so he took on the task of building it and then after he built it, I went through and tried to like tweak little things to make a run smoother because the roller chris would get hung up on a little part of the track sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I remember the like you had to take this orange plastic and kind of feed it over these little fingers all the way down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Little little nubs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but that was my dad and my brother did connect for hours. I mean I like seeing the end creation but I did not have the patience to actually build it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it takes a certain, I don't know, I guess fascination to actually go through building the whole thing.
SPEAKER_L: my my husband is a builder like he builds houses and
SPEAKER_R: Architect,
SPEAKER_L: he's very. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: wait, no, not architect, that's a different thing.
SPEAKER_L: Well he doesn't design, he actually built them. Although fun fact at least where we live he does most of the designing. He has to design it but then get it approved by an architect because he the contractor meets with the homeowners so he has the vision of what's actually gonna get built. So he right mocks up the designs and then takes them to the architect who does all the math to make sure that the house is going to fall down and then he built it. But he's he gets very into like the small details whereas I get bored but hell every time he has a new set of four plans he'll go to the staples or whatever and print out an extra set for our four year old and then the two of them will just like lay on the floor and examine these plans. It's really awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm It's really sweet.
SPEAKER_L: And then my four year old will take a crayon and like add stuff and be like these people need a garden right here or you know a wall through their living room or he's like, did you tell the people that I helped their house? Yes. Yes, we did I think.
SPEAKER_R: That's really nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's pretty cute. Yeah. So have you done a lot of these kind of study things?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I've actually, yeah, I started um I started doing prolific uh How long ago was it like a month or two because um I couldn't really justify. Oh wow, my video is really not working right now.
SPEAKER_L: I can still hear your voice.
SPEAKER_R: but it's just stuck on I think if I yeah, okay, should work a little bit better now. Yeah, so I couldn't really justify spending any of my main income money on stuff like in game items for the video games I play because it just felt like I can't spend my real money on just in game pixels. That feels stupid. So I started doing a prolific to earn some quote, unquote fun bucks to spend on things I don't need.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a good idea. I almost started a week ago maybe um just for something to do and I mean I haven't actually even spent the money yet but like there's one where just texting random people are talking to random people, it gets quarantined. Why not do something more exciting than, I don't know, watching netflix.
SPEAKER_R: I've been watching a lot of netflix, like I started going through actually like a little bit before corn teams again, I started watching the next generation, the Star trek, The next generation
SPEAKER_L: Isn't that Disney? No? Star Wars is on Disney House, right?
SPEAKER_R: Star Wars got bought by Disney. Star trek is still independent as far as actually I have no idea but I don't know how familiar with anything Star trek related.
SPEAKER_L: Star trek I saw a little bit growing up, but I haven't seen much since then, mainly a lot of Daniel Tiger and um pa patrol right now in my house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was a PBS kid. Do I still remember? I don't know if you're cyber chase has been going on since I was a kid and it's still being made
SPEAKER_L: Wildcats is one that my son likes and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my husband.
SPEAKER_R: watched as Obama fu.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, that one still there is like I watched this growing up And like, yeah, it definitely looks like something that was made in the 80s and 90s, but it's awesome. I'm just waiting for the cartoons or the movies that come out about, you know, like cartoons, social distancing or I don't know the hallmark christmas, movies that are going to come out next christmas of like the people that met because they got on the wrong zoom meeting or Yeah, it's just going to be interesting to see how what Hollywood does with this period of history. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I hadn't really considered that actually.
SPEAKER_L: And just like just because obviously, you know movies, the whole art imitates life thing depending on how long this mess goes on There is it's going to impact and it'll just be interesting to see how they handle it. Like the movies that come out in 2022, is everybody going to be wearing masks? Are they all going to be staying 6ft apart or is it gonna be like it never happened?
SPEAKER_R: Well there has been a bit of an impact on life whatever one of one of the I'm trying to sidestep saying exactly which website it is because it's got a bit of a notorious reputation but it's fun anyways but they do an april fool's joke every year and this year was coronavirus of people would randomly have an infection marker on them that would their name would slowly become more corrupted as time went on and then uh people didn't know exactly how was transferred between users of the website. So some people start making their own like uh I don't know I don't know how to translate the terminology because I'm not sure how much, I don't know how familiar with all the terms and I try to change my language to better.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm an elementary teacher by trade so assume, I don't know much.
SPEAKER_R: All right. So it's an image board. So people people start with making a post of an image and a discussion topic so people would start making their own thing like um quarantine threads where it was if you're infected come here to talk instead of instead of talking with all the other people and maybe infecting them. And then some people would oh some people uh Uh huh. There was a board for like traditional game discussion of board game and stuff. And so people would start uh pretending that they were plagued lords from one of those role playing games. And we just start going through all the threads just saying like just saying uh embrace the fage or whatever and stuff like that. But oh, I just went because I was watching a Star Trek Voyager and there was an episode that correlated really
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: weirdly like specifically to what to the current situation.
SPEAKER_L: How did that one end?
SPEAKER_R: Well, because
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: uh well, yeah, you didn't want very much star trek. Uh So Star Trek Voyager, there's a race of, there's a race that's uh
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: wait, is this interesting at all?
SPEAKER_L: martin.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, we have to talk about something
SPEAKER_L: I think it's fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because I tend to go on long diatribes about just stuff. So there's a race called the Guardians in Star Trek Voyager. And that their whole story is that they used to be this great space faring race that spanned whatever and had a great culture. But then uh, somebody infected them with a virus that's they can't figure out how to cure and they're basically rotting from the inside out. And and there ended up being a bunch of correlations between that and pandemic situations of one of one of the characters that was a V. And was talking about how their government was limiting people's ability to congregate and when I saw I was like whoa. Mhm. Uh huh. It's just sort of interesting how there's just these little correlations.
SPEAKER_L: How they solve it in the end? Did they find a cure? Is that what's gonna,
SPEAKER_R: No there wasn't a solution, there wasn't one of those deals. It was a whole um try it. I'm trying to think because they were in a couple they were in a handful of episodes of because Voyager I don't know how familiar with the premise there, you are all familiar with premise of Star Trek Voyager.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. Is it like Stargate where they go to different places?
SPEAKER_R: No uh so Star Trek Voyager the set up is that the very first episode? They uh an alien from how far away? I don't know it's in a different quadrant of the galaxy. So I think they projected that even at quote unquote work nine, it would take uh something like 100 years to get back to. All right. And so the whole thing is that they're just trying to go
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: through the galaxy as fast as possible so they'll come into contact with an alien race and then be in contact with them for a while until they end up exiting their space. So they don't necessarily begin and stories of other races and my view has completely paused again.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds stressful. So like you never hear what happens
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: to the people.
SPEAKER_R: it depends because Star Trek sort of it depends on which star trek series you're watching also, wow, I really like it. If I wasn't just paused on that stupid face, I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to actually just fix that because if I try to fix it I'm probably gonna end up disconnecting myself entirely. Whatever. I guess that's just me now. But star Trek is sort of I feel like how do I explain star Trek depending on the series, it's either an anthology show where everything is just completely separate from each other or an actual series where where everything bleeds into the next episode within its a continuing story.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, maybe I should check it out. Most of the stuff I read really well watch is more of the anthology type, but that's mainly because just I'm not very good at focusing. I'm usually multitasking. And so
SPEAKER_R: Well there's a lot of good anthologies out there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and so multitasking. If I have no idea what happened, I can still catch up later because I'm not
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: very good at just sitting
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: down and
SPEAKER_R: I actually have something recommended. Um Do you have any are you a fan in all of the Matrix movies? Okay. Have you seen the animate tricks
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: then? I have a treat for you because there's uh there's something called animate tricks where it's a series of it's an anthology series of animated Matrix stories that are all animated by completely different I think. I don't know if it's different animators are different studios entirely, but there's a couple of really interesting stories where one of them is entirely in a like detective noir style
SPEAKER_L: that's all.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, but if you if you want to getting into star trek like the whole series and stuff is a lot. I think somebody calculated out and I think if you watch like two episodes a day would still take like seven years or something
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. That can actually be nice.
SPEAKER_R: and it depends on what you're actually into because the original star Trek series, you can only get into a period of a lot of campiness, like a lot of campiness. It I I end up skipping it because I watched quite a bit of it just with my dad when I was younger and I moved on to the next generation because that that was more of my money. It's where it kind of gets out of campiness and gets into slightly more serious tones.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's cool. So what kind of stuff do you do when it's not quarantine?
SPEAKER_R: Uh It depends on how outgoing I feel because I mean I have a lot of experience just sort of staying in my house and being and being the home body, so to speak. So I've adapted perfectly to
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: quarantine life.
SPEAKER_L: it's not my favorite.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is it is a slight bummer that I can't go to land parties or play board games with people in person.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, I'm just getting out and I don't know, feeling a little more in control of your own life is nice.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean I can still go out and walk around the neighborhood that I'm actually sort of nocturnal by nature. So I tend to, so I can pretty much go out on a walk near like Midnight or two a.m. and not run into anybody and feel perfectly safe.
SPEAKER_L: so that's nice. Are things settling down where you live?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm not really sure how to define whether or not they're settling down because I live, but actually I'm not sure if there's any if I don't know if I should get into work right? Mhm. My my my brain is going faster than my words. I'm having a car crash train. I need to reset my brain. Okay. Okay. Uh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So yeah I was just taking a moment to stop talking so that my mind and my mouth could sync up.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I live in like southern California, so it's one of those places where there is, it's sort of a lot of cases.
SPEAKER_L: gotcha. Yeah we live in Idaho and there's not all
SPEAKER_R: not exactly a I'm trying to say a word that isn't insulting,
SPEAKER_L: we're in rural Idaho, it's okay,
SPEAKER_R: it's not a mecca so to speak.
SPEAKER_L: nope. Even the governor a few weeks ago was like you know we just don't have any rural area, we don't have any urban areas but it's okay. But yeah, so California and yeah they got hit hard
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think the worst part is that uh I just realized the worst part. I can't go to my local mexican places.
SPEAKER_L: our restaurants shut down and stuff too.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean I can it's just that it's not exactly a good idea. I haven't I haven't I haven't gone and check which places have remained opening. Which happened.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah it's it'll be nice when things started to get back to normal
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But the thing is when will that actually be? Because the if you look at the history of previous epidemics again, previous epidemics were like hundreds of years apart
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: or 100 years apart, more or less, you'll see that there's the initial flare up, then it sort of dies down in winter time and then next summer or whatever was it? Sorry, I I can't remember exactly, but
SPEAKER_L: found during summer and comes back. People keep comparing it to the pandemic flu in 1918. But the problem with that comparison is that they were also in midst of World War I. Um and so the whole concept, well obviously they're science wasn't as advanced but the whole concept of like being able to do social distancing, you know, like right now globally the coronavirus pandemic is number one on everybody's radar. But in the midst of World War One, they were also dealing with the world War. So it was kind of like we need to deal with the flu. But we also still need factories open. We still need people going off to war. We still need all this stuff happening. And also, you know, any victory people wanted to celebrate anytime somebody came home. Like so it's I mean there is comparisons for sure. But it's also the idea we're not also not in the midst of like this is our global crisis. It's not in the midst of a second global crisis. Mm Which is good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to think deeper about this to see what correlations are and are not relevant now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because you if you really can't take the World War one, so you can't separate that from pandemic flu. Just because that's going to impact how people act. For example, if we were in the middle of the world War right now, like if we would if there was a different crisis there would be less people willing to even do the quarantine and social distancing thing because there would be other things going on. Whereas right now this is kind of the world focus uh and this is your your patriotic act, what you're doing for your country, what you're doing for your people. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But there are there.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure about because I assume you're already aware of the whole thing counter to that people saying like, no, we need to whatever.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. The protests,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We have protests here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I I feel that we are dangerously close to getting into a political argument at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Do you? And I or like
SPEAKER_R: Well I don't know what, I don't know what your viewpoints are. So I
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: sharing the historical concept content of um pandemic flu.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because because if I start talking about the whole counter movement then I don't know and because it feels like a lot of the current pandemic stuff is very politically charged.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're getting yeah, it's getting everything gets tied up in politics. But um yeah, you look at the pandemic flu would be, it's just a different type of situation they
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: had going on. But I am glad that we'll have a summer where things are lighten up and people will get recharged physically as well as Hopefully the science can have time to catch up before fall.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I'm not I'm not really relying on the science for this because trying to come up with a vaccine for a for this is going to be quite a bit
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I doubt they'll have a vaccine in time, but hopefully they'll have treatment and therapeutics um
SPEAKER_R: well the problem is that America is really, really slow on the draw.
SPEAKER_L: for responding to coronavirus. Yeah. Um, but yeah, hopefully, I mean, I don't I don't know if I'll get a vaccine. They've never had very much success with any kind of coronavirus vaccine, but it's never been priority number one. Um, but we'll hit her immunity eventually. But I'm sure what they will get is some kind of whether they can, it's a full on treatment or just a therapeutic to help people recover more quickly. I'm sure that
SPEAKER_R: Wait, what exactly what exactly do you mean when you say that will hit herd immunity eventually?
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: some point, whether it's vaccine or just general People getting it will hit the 70, It'll take to slow the spread. Um,
SPEAKER_R: I mean? The concept that people have had it already can't get it again
SPEAKER_L: well either the concept of a virus, I don't know if it will
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: be as strong as like measles, but it might be more to the tone of like rotavirus or of influenza where you can, might be able to get it again. But generally your immune system will fight it off better. There's very few viruses only Dengue fever and HIV that. I can think of that when you get it again, it can be worse or it doesn't matter most of them because you've developed, you'll have some immunity. It might not be community like measles, but you should theoretically be at least able to fight it off better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it depends on exactly what the how mutated has become since the last they've got it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like influenza, that's why they say get a flu shot every year is because it mutates as it goes around. But the reality is even if you don't get the flu shot, you've been exposed or you've had it. So you have some immunities so it's never going to be really as bad as if you've never experienced it before. So that should happen eventually. But yeah, I don't think the vaccine before that happens because that's, there's so much that goes into getting a vaccine, testing vaccine and getting a vaccine distributed to another planet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's sort of, well actually I'm not really sure if I have any opinions to say on that. You can be summed it all up. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy. But I'm just very grateful that we live in a time where we still can connect with people because
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah this would this would suck a lot if it was happening back before the internet.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like I'm over zoom. I don't want another zoom birthday party or another zoom hang out. But at the same time at least I can still connect with my friends. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I've been doing a movie nights with some of my internet peaks.
SPEAKER_L: Have you never been in
SPEAKER_R: Keep
SPEAKER_L: this movie party thing?
SPEAKER_R: uh no not netflix actually we've been using a I don't know if you're familiar with it, it's a program called Discord. Okay well this court is primarily adopted by video game people and people who watch video game streams and stuff and so we we started doing movie nights every once in a while like every week or a couple times a week.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the Netflix Movie Party one is cool because like it connects, it connects it for you. So you're all seeing it together and then there's a chat box. It was fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty much it sounds pretty much the same as much streaming services, streaming sites. You're watching things together.
SPEAKER_L: Do they have a lot of options for that? The Netflix one is the only one I've heard of. Like other than people actually trying to do it over zoom.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean there's a lot of uh things that Uncle Sam wouldn't typically care for you doing because it sort of uh copyright law and such.
SPEAKER_L: I have never broke as many laws as I have in the last three weeks. Uh What's
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure if I wanna.
SPEAKER_L: legal anymore?
SPEAKER_R: This is this is being recorded in archives, so I don't know if I should say anything about briefing
SPEAKER_L: We're not
SPEAKER_R: tonight,
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: arrest
SPEAKER_R: able,
SPEAKER_L: me for talking to my neighbors. I mean I guess like
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: try but then they throw me in a cell with people and that seems like it kind of defeats the purpose. Yeah. I just want to know what the people do. They have to watch these like. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. They probably try to find correlations of how people communicate with strangers of unfortunately since my video is freeze, that's going to really screw up a lot of their data and I hope they aren't upset about that.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. It's always like the people that have to edit the wildlife videos like the fishing shows or I don't know any of those wildlife documentaries like You know that they didn't just have an hour of footage. They got to watch like 50 hours of footage to get one hour of interesting animals
SPEAKER_R: Well, I imagine it would have been notated at least a slightly by the person according.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, like like I've heard stories about, you know, the birds of paradise, the footage on those of how the people just had to sit in a camouflage little little tiny tiny thing and stay completely still and completely silent for just days.
SPEAKER_L: My husband likes to hunt. I went with him once. It was the worst thing ever. I had to get up early in the morning. I had to go out where it was cold and sit in silence for two hours. I'm like why is this fun? There's nothing about this, this one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think I can try to explain I haven't done hunting myself, but I feel like uh psychology and stuff is one of my interests of I think it's the anticipation and uh I guess partially kind of getting back to the roots of humanity or something of feeling more in connection with nature instead of just going and buying what you're going to eat, you're going to go out and kill it and skin it and dress it and whatever.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I appreciate the venison but I thought it was boring. I think some psychologist is going to do a study on cooperation fatigue during this whole covid crisis and they're going to write a book and become a millionaire. So
SPEAKER_R: Cooperation, fatigue. I'm I'm unfamiliar with the concept.
SPEAKER_L: Just the idea of just like it says people getting tired of cooperating so why people with social distance in the end of March and beginning of april. But even states that are like our state isn't technically on lockdown anymore. But even things that still are, people aren't doing any more cooperation to T there. Like I did it now and then and that idea of like how when do you start if they do lockdown in the fall, what are they going to do? Because people are already at the cooperation fatigue stage. So instead of getting people to lock down for six months or six weeks, they'll be lucky to get to. And so how do you decide? How do you make that balance of knowing each time you do it, your cooperation is going to be smaller because people are over it. But so I'm waiting for that book to come out and they're going to just be a millionaire, it's going to be okay. I think we hit our 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Unless you want to continue talking about cooperation in such of there's some interesting things of animal behavior. Uh I'll just go into this and then we can decide if we want to because this is something that really piques my interest of blood bats because there's a certain kind of bloodbath that within their community or the cave or whatever, if one of them didn't get enough blood that night, then another vampire bat will just follow me up blood for them and they have this whole um okay welfare system I suppose you'd call it of uh huh if where they'll have that whole system and then they need it and then in order for that system to work, they need a whole other system for finding people that try to cheat the system by making sure that the people who take blood some days also give blood when they have extra.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. And they have and that works. That's all.
SPEAKER_R: it's sort of the actually I almost I was about to start talking about human evolution and then I realized that that might be a sore topic discussion, depending on your personal viewpoints.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Because it's sort of how human society developed as far as I'm aware, okay. Of um trying to cooperate and using bulk communication.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The study of cooperation is interesting. And so I think it's seeing where this goes in the fall is going to really test the human limits of cooperation if they try and do this again. Yeah, but I do have to go home and put my kids back down to bed.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's a very good reason to leave the conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 8:00. It's bedtime.
SPEAKER_R: All right, well, good luck getting them
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: in bed.
SPEAKER_L: It was nice to meet you. Hi.