Yeah
hi
so uh mhm. I'm not really sure. We're supposed to talk for 25 minutes or something for the study I guess.
Yeah I think it was I think they said it was how people communicate or something mm
No. Oh yeah with how zoom is blowing up. Yeah.
I've switched from uh my friends and I would usually try to get together to play games and stuff but now we're just playing and over the internet all the time instead of actually getting together it's like board games or whatever. Okay.
Um Well it depends because uh some board game designers have made their own video game versions of the board game and then a lot of people use something like a let me make sure I have the right name. Where is it?
I thought I had on my desktop and now I need to go search for it because I know I have a tabletop simulator that's what it's called. Where um I guess I might as well talk about this, we're going to talk about something uh tabletop simulator, it's sort of a I guess what you'd call a sandbox game and uh people can make their own assets for it. So what a lot of people do is they just um digitally scan the board for a board game and the cards and such and then uh put them into the game,
the tabletop simulator.
so I've managed to play Oh, sorry to cut you off.
All
well, my setup is a little bit uh interesting. I'm not using a webcam, I am using my phone and I'm using a program to relay the information from my phone to my computer. Yeah.
Mhm. Oh, something I'm actually proud of. Something. I found an old box of connects and I built a stand for my phone with the connects.
Oh my my brother built uh two of them actually. Uh you know those connects, roller coasters? Yeah, he built two of them and I'm a couple years younger than him, so he took on the task of building it and then after he built it, I went through and tried to like tweak little things to make a run smoother because the roller chris would get hung up on a little part of the track sometimes.
Yeah. Little little nubs.
Oh yeah, it takes a certain, I don't know, I guess fascination to actually go through building the whole thing.
Architect,
wait, no, not architect, that's a different thing.
Mhm It's really sweet.
That's really nice.
Oh, I've actually, yeah, I started um I started doing prolific uh How long ago was it like a month or two because um I couldn't really justify. Oh wow, my video is really not working right now.
but it's just stuck on I think if I yeah, okay, should work a little bit better now. Yeah, so I couldn't really justify spending any of my main income money on stuff like in game items for the video games I play because it just felt like I can't spend my real money on just in game pixels. That feels stupid. So I started doing a prolific to earn some quote, unquote fun bucks to spend on things I don't need.
I've been watching a lot of netflix, like I started going through actually like a little bit before corn teams again, I started watching the next generation, the Star trek, The next generation
Star Wars got bought by Disney. Star trek is still independent as far as actually I have no idea but I don't know how familiar with anything Star trek related.
Yeah I was a PBS kid. Do I still remember? I don't know if you're cyber chase has been going on since I was a kid and it's still being made
I
watched as Obama fu.
I hadn't really considered that actually.
Well there has been a bit of an impact on life whatever one of one of the I'm trying to sidestep saying exactly which website it is because it's got a bit of a notorious reputation but it's fun anyways but they do an april fool's joke every year and this year was coronavirus of people would randomly have an infection marker on them that would their name would slowly become more corrupted as time went on and then uh people didn't know exactly how was transferred between users of the website. So some people start making their own like uh I don't know I don't know how to translate the terminology because I'm not sure how much, I don't know how familiar with all the terms and I try to change my language to better.
All right. So it's an image board. So people people start with making a post of an image and a discussion topic so people would start making their own thing like um quarantine threads where it was if you're infected come here to talk instead of instead of talking with all the other people and maybe infecting them. And then some people would oh some people uh Uh huh. There was a board for like traditional game discussion of board game and stuff. And so people would start uh pretending that they were plagued lords from one of those role playing games. And we just start going through all the threads just saying like just saying uh embrace the fage or whatever and stuff like that. But oh, I just went because I was watching a Star Trek Voyager and there was an episode that correlated really
weirdly like specifically to what to the current situation.
Well, because
uh well, yeah, you didn't want very much star trek. Uh So Star Trek Voyager, there's a race of, there's a race that's uh
wait, is this interesting at all?
I mean, we have to talk about something
because I tend to go on long diatribes about just stuff. So there's a race called the Guardians in Star Trek Voyager. And that their whole story is that they used to be this great space faring race that spanned whatever and had a great culture. But then uh, somebody infected them with a virus that's they can't figure out how to cure and they're basically rotting from the inside out. And and there ended up being a bunch of correlations between that and pandemic situations of one of one of the characters that was a V. And was talking about how their government was limiting people's ability to congregate and when I saw I was like whoa. Mhm. Uh huh. It's just sort of interesting how there's just these little correlations.
No there wasn't a solution, there wasn't one of those deals. It was a whole um try it. I'm trying to think because they were in a couple they were in a handful of episodes of because Voyager I don't know how familiar with the premise there, you are all familiar with premise of Star Trek Voyager.
No uh so Star Trek Voyager the set up is that the very first episode? They uh an alien from how far away? I don't know it's in a different quadrant of the galaxy. So I think they projected that even at quote unquote work nine, it would take uh something like 100 years to get back to. All right. And so the whole thing is that they're just trying to go
through the galaxy as fast as possible so they'll come into contact with an alien race and then be in contact with them for a while until they end up exiting their space. So they don't necessarily begin and stories of other races and my view has completely paused again.
well
it depends because Star Trek sort of it depends on which star trek series you're watching also, wow, I really like it. If I wasn't just paused on that stupid face, I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to actually just fix that because if I try to fix it I'm probably gonna end up disconnecting myself entirely. Whatever. I guess that's just me now. But star Trek is sort of I feel like how do I explain star Trek depending on the series, it's either an anthology show where everything is just completely separate from each other or an actual series where where everything bleeds into the next episode within its a continuing story.
Well there's a lot of good anthologies out there.
So
actually
I actually have something recommended. Um Do you have any are you a fan in all of the Matrix movies? Okay. Have you seen the animate tricks
then? I have a treat for you because there's uh there's something called animate tricks where it's a series of it's an anthology series of animated Matrix stories that are all animated by completely different I think. I don't know if it's different animators are different studios entirely, but there's a couple of really interesting stories where one of them is entirely in a like detective noir style
and yeah, but if you if you want to getting into star trek like the whole series and stuff is a lot. I think somebody calculated out and I think if you watch like two episodes a day would still take like seven years or something
and it depends on what you're actually into because the original star Trek series, you can only get into a period of a lot of campiness, like a lot of campiness. It I I end up skipping it because I watched quite a bit of it just with my dad when I was younger and I moved on to the next generation because that that was more of my money. It's where it kind of gets out of campiness and gets into slightly more serious tones.
Uh It depends on how outgoing I feel because I mean I have a lot of experience just sort of staying in my house and being and being the home body, so to speak. So I've adapted perfectly to
quarantine life.
Yeah it is it is a slight bummer that I can't go to land parties or play board games with people in person.
Well, I mean I can still go out and walk around the neighborhood that I'm actually sort of nocturnal by nature. So I tend to, so I can pretty much go out on a walk near like Midnight or two a.m. and not run into anybody and feel perfectly safe.
Uh I'm not really sure how to define whether or not they're settling down because I live, but actually I'm not sure if there's any if I don't know if I should get into work right? Mhm. My my my brain is going faster than my words. I'm having a car crash train. I need to reset my brain. Okay. Okay. Uh.
Mhm. So yeah I was just taking a moment to stop talking so that my mind and my mouth could sync up.
Yeah I live in like southern California, so it's one of those places where there is, it's sort of a lot of cases.
not exactly a I'm trying to say a word that isn't insulting,
it's not a mecca so to speak.
Yeah. I think the worst part is that uh I just realized the worst part. I can't go to my local mexican places.
Well I mean I can it's just that it's not exactly a good idea. I haven't I haven't I haven't gone and check which places have remained opening. Which happened.
Yeah. But the thing is when will that actually be? Because the if you look at the history of previous epidemics again, previous epidemics were like hundreds of years apart
or 100 years apart, more or less, you'll see that there's the initial flare up, then it sort of dies down in winter time and then next summer or whatever was it? Sorry, I I can't remember exactly, but
I'm trying to think deeper about this to see what correlations are and are not relevant now.
I
I'm not sure about because I assume you're already aware of the whole thing counter to that people saying like, no, we need to whatever.
And
Yeah, I mean, I I feel that we are dangerously close to getting into a political argument at this point.
Well I don't know what, I don't know what your viewpoints are. So I
don't
know.
Yeah, because because if I start talking about the whole counter movement then I don't know and because it feels like a lot of the current pandemic stuff is very politically charged.
No.
Oh I'm not I'm not really relying on the science for this because trying to come up with a vaccine for a for this is going to be quite a bit
well the problem is that America is really, really slow on the draw.
Wait, what exactly what exactly do you mean when you say that will hit herd immunity eventually?
What
I mean? The concept that people have had it already can't get it again
or?
Yeah, it depends on exactly what the how mutated has become since the last they've got it,
Yeah it's sort of, well actually I'm not really sure if I have any opinions to say on that. You can be summed it all up. Mhm.
Oh yeah this would this would suck a lot if it was happening back before the internet.
Oh yeah I've been doing a movie nights with some of my internet peaks.
Keep
uh no not netflix actually we've been using a I don't know if you're familiar with it, it's a program called Discord. Okay well this court is primarily adopted by video game people and people who watch video game streams and stuff and so we we started doing movie nights every once in a while like every week or a couple times a week.
Yeah it's pretty much it sounds pretty much the same as much streaming services, streaming sites. You're watching things together.
Well, I mean there's a lot of uh things that Uncle Sam wouldn't typically care for you doing because it sort of uh copyright law and such.
I'm not sure if I wanna.
This is this is being recorded in archives, so I don't know if I should say anything about briefing
tonight,
we're
able,
but
I don't know. They probably try to find correlations of how people communicate with strangers of unfortunately since my video is freeze, that's going to really screw up a lot of their data and I hope they aren't upset about that.
Well, I imagine it would have been notated at least a slightly by the person according.
Yeah. Oh, like like I've heard stories about, you know, the birds of paradise, the footage on those of how the people just had to sit in a camouflage little little tiny tiny thing and stay completely still and completely silent for just days.
I mean I think I can try to explain I haven't done hunting myself, but I feel like uh psychology and stuff is one of my interests of I think it's the anticipation and uh I guess partially kind of getting back to the roots of humanity or something of feeling more in connection with nature instead of just going and buying what you're going to eat, you're going to go out and kill it and skin it and dress it and whatever.
Cooperation, fatigue. I'm I'm unfamiliar with the concept.
Unless you want to continue talking about cooperation in such of there's some interesting things of animal behavior. Uh I'll just go into this and then we can decide if we want to because this is something that really piques my interest of blood bats because there's a certain kind of bloodbath that within their community or the cave or whatever, if one of them didn't get enough blood that night, then another vampire bat will just follow me up blood for them and they have this whole um okay welfare system I suppose you'd call it of uh huh if where they'll have that whole system and then they need it and then in order for that system to work, they need a whole other system for finding people that try to cheat the system by making sure that the people who take blood some days also give blood when they have extra.
it's sort of the actually I almost I was about to start talking about human evolution and then I realized that that might be a sore topic discussion, depending on your personal viewpoints.
Because it's sort of how human society developed as far as I'm aware, okay. Of um trying to cooperate and using bulk communication.
Oh, that's a very good reason to leave the conversation.
All right, well, good luck getting them
in bed.