Mhm wow. Yeah. Oh I know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah wow. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Oh right okay. Oh thank you here. Yeah. Yeah. What man? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello.
Hi.
Yeah I said just talk about whatever. I don't even know what their uh they might have said what they're studying but I don't think I paid attention well enough.
There's definitely a lot of virtual communication going on right now so it's probably a good thing to study.
I've spent more time on zoom in the last two months than I would ever like to for the rest of my life. Yeah
I have seen some of that going around the internet. How does board games work virtually?
nuts.
No
that sounds cool. Yeah. No.
Yeah I think there's a delay on my side because I'm hearing your voice on time but it's not matching with the picture but I think I'm it's just
slow internet.
nice.
Uh We used connects all the time growing up. My brother had an entire room because it was just me and my dad and my brother and they had an entire room just devoted to their connects creations. It was awesome.
Yeah. Yeah I remember the like you had to take this orange plastic and kind of feed it over these little fingers all the way down.
Yeah but that was my dad and my brother did connect for hours. I mean I like seeing the end creation but I did not have the patience to actually build it.
my my husband is a builder like he builds houses and
he's very. Uh huh.
Well he doesn't design, he actually built them. Although fun fact at least where we live he does most of the designing. He has to design it but then get it approved by an architect because he the contractor meets with the homeowners so he has the vision of what's actually gonna get built. So he right mocks up the designs and then takes them to the architect who does all the math to make sure that the house is going to fall down and then he built it. But he's he gets very into like the small details whereas I get bored but hell every time he has a new set of four plans he'll go to the staples or whatever and print out an extra set for our four year old and then the two of them will just like lay on the floor and examine these plans. It's really awesome.
And then my four year old will take a crayon and like add stuff and be like these people need a garden right here or you know a wall through their living room or he's like, did you tell the people that I helped their house? Yes. Yes, we did I think.
Yeah, it's pretty cute. Yeah. So have you done a lot of these kind of study things?
I can still hear your voice.
Yeah, that's a good idea. I almost started a week ago maybe um just for something to do and I mean I haven't actually even spent the money yet but like there's one where just texting random people are talking to random people, it gets quarantined. Why not do something more exciting than, I don't know, watching netflix.
Isn't that Disney? No? Star Wars is on Disney House, right?
Star trek I saw a little bit growing up, but I haven't seen much since then, mainly a lot of Daniel Tiger and um pa patrol right now in my house.
Wildcats is one that my son likes and
my husband.
Oh yes, that one still there is like I watched this growing up And like, yeah, it definitely looks like something that was made in the 80s and 90s, but it's awesome. I'm just waiting for the cartoons or the movies that come out about, you know, like cartoons, social distancing or I don't know the hallmark christmas, movies that are going to come out next christmas of like the people that met because they got on the wrong zoom meeting or Yeah, it's just going to be interesting to see how what Hollywood does with this period of history. Yeah.
And just like just because obviously, you know movies, the whole art imitates life thing depending on how long this mess goes on There is it's going to impact and it'll just be interesting to see how they handle it. Like the movies that come out in 2022, is everybody going to be wearing masks? Are they all going to be staying 6ft apart or is it gonna be like it never happened?
yeah, I'm an elementary teacher by trade so assume, I don't know much.
What,
How did that one end?
No,
no
martin.
I think it's fine. Yeah.
How they solve it in the end? Did they find a cure? Is that what's gonna,
I don't think so. Is it like Stargate where they go to different places?
or
That sounds stressful. So like you never hear what happens
to the people.
Yeah, maybe I should check it out. Most of the stuff I read really well watch is more of the anthology type, but that's mainly because just I'm not very good at focusing. I'm usually multitasking. And so
yeah, and so multitasking. If I have no idea what happened, I can still catch up later because I'm not
very good at just sitting
down and
No.
that's all.
that's awesome. That can actually be nice.
No, that's cool. So what kind of stuff do you do when it's not quarantine?
it's
it's not my favorite.
Well, yeah, I'm just getting out and I don't know, feeling a little more in control of your own life is nice.
so that's nice. Are things settling down where you live?
Okay.
I haven't
gotcha. Yeah we live in Idaho and there's not all
we're in rural Idaho, it's okay,
nope. Even the governor a few weeks ago was like you know we just don't have any rural area, we don't have any urban areas but it's okay. But yeah, so California and yeah they got hit hard
our restaurants shut down and stuff too.
Uh huh. Yeah it's it'll be nice when things started to get back to normal
and
found during summer and comes back. People keep comparing it to the pandemic flu in 1918. But the problem with that comparison is that they were also in midst of World War I. Um and so the whole concept, well obviously they're science wasn't as advanced but the whole concept of like being able to do social distancing, you know, like right now globally the coronavirus pandemic is number one on everybody's radar. But in the midst of World War One, they were also dealing with the world War. So it was kind of like we need to deal with the flu. But we also still need factories open. We still need people going off to war. We still need all this stuff happening. And also, you know, any victory people wanted to celebrate anytime somebody came home. Like so it's I mean there is comparisons for sure. But it's also the idea we're not also not in the midst of like this is our global crisis. It's not in the midst of a second global crisis. Mm Which is good. Yeah.
Yeah. Because you if you really can't take the World War one, so you can't separate that from pandemic flu. Just because that's going to impact how people act. For example, if we were in the middle of the world War right now, like if we would if there was a different crisis there would be less people willing to even do the quarantine and social distancing thing because there would be other things going on. Whereas right now this is kind of the world focus uh and this is your your patriotic act, what you're doing for your country, what you're doing for your people. Uh
But there are there.
yeah. The protests,
Yeah. We have protests here.
Do you? And I or like
was
just
sharing the historical concept content of um pandemic flu.
Yeah. They're getting yeah, it's getting everything gets tied up in politics. But um yeah, you look at the pandemic flu would be, it's just a different type of situation they
had going on. But I am glad that we'll have a summer where things are lighten up and people will get recharged physically as well as Hopefully the science can have time to catch up before fall.
Yeah, I doubt they'll have a vaccine in time, but hopefully they'll have treatment and therapeutics um
for responding to coronavirus. Yeah. Um, but yeah, hopefully, I mean, I don't I don't know if I'll get a vaccine. They've never had very much success with any kind of coronavirus vaccine, but it's never been priority number one. Um, but we'll hit her immunity eventually. But I'm sure what they will get is some kind of whether they can, it's a full on treatment or just a therapeutic to help people recover more quickly. I'm sure that
at
some point, whether it's vaccine or just general People getting it will hit the 70, It'll take to slow the spread. Um,
well either the concept of a virus, I don't know if it will
be as strong as like measles, but it might be more to the tone of like rotavirus or of influenza where you can, might be able to get it again. But generally your immune system will fight it off better. There's very few viruses only Dengue fever and HIV that. I can think of that when you get it again, it can be worse or it doesn't matter most of them because you've developed, you'll have some immunity. It might not be community like measles, but you should theoretically be at least able to fight it off better.
Yeah. So like influenza, that's why they say get a flu shot every year is because it mutates as it goes around. But the reality is even if you don't get the flu shot, you've been exposed or you've had it. So you have some immunities so it's never going to be really as bad as if you've never experienced it before. So that should happen eventually. But yeah, I don't think the vaccine before that happens because that's, there's so much that goes into getting a vaccine, testing vaccine and getting a vaccine distributed to another planet.
it's crazy. But I'm just very grateful that we live in a time where we still can connect with people because
yeah, like I'm over zoom. I don't want another zoom birthday party or another zoom hang out. But at the same time at least I can still connect with my friends. Yeah.
Have you never been in
this movie party thing?
Yeah, the Netflix Movie Party one is cool because like it connects, it connects it for you. So you're all seeing it together and then there's a chat box. It was fun.
Do they have a lot of options for that? The Netflix one is the only one I've heard of. Like other than people actually trying to do it over zoom.
I have never broke as many laws as I have in the last three weeks. Uh What's
legal anymore?
We're not
gonna
arrest
me for talking to my neighbors. I mean I guess like
try but then they throw me in a cell with people and that seems like it kind of defeats the purpose. Yeah. I just want to know what the people do. They have to watch these like. Right.
I don't know. It's always like the people that have to edit the wildlife videos like the fishing shows or I don't know any of those wildlife documentaries like You know that they didn't just have an hour of footage. They got to watch like 50 hours of footage to get one hour of interesting animals
hopefully.
My husband likes to hunt. I went with him once. It was the worst thing ever. I had to get up early in the morning. I had to go out where it was cold and sit in silence for two hours. I'm like why is this fun? There's nothing about this, this one. Yeah.
I mean I appreciate the venison but I thought it was boring. I think some psychologist is going to do a study on cooperation fatigue during this whole covid crisis and they're going to write a book and become a millionaire. So
Just the idea of just like it says people getting tired of cooperating so why people with social distance in the end of March and beginning of april. But even states that are like our state isn't technically on lockdown anymore. But even things that still are, people aren't doing any more cooperation to T there. Like I did it now and then and that idea of like how when do you start if they do lockdown in the fall, what are they going to do? Because people are already at the cooperation fatigue stage. So instead of getting people to lock down for six months or six weeks, they'll be lucky to get to. And so how do you decide? How do you make that balance of knowing each time you do it, your cooperation is going to be smaller because people are over it. But so I'm waiting for that book to come out and they're going to just be a millionaire, it's going to be okay. I think we hit our 25 minutes.
Uh huh. And they have and that works. That's all.
Yeah. That's interesting.
Yeah. The study of cooperation is interesting. And so I think it's seeing where this goes in the fall is going to really test the human limits of cooperation if they try and do this again. Yeah, but I do have to go home and put my kids back down to bed.
Yeah. 8:00. It's bedtime.
Thanks.
It was nice to meet you. Hi.