what? Yeah. Yes. Right. Mhm. Right. Mhm.
Hunter.
Very well. How are you? Yeah.
Where are you?
I'm in a suburb outside of Seattle. Yeah. So
when I first um, was signing up, I didn't understand the times that they were giving and I thought it was six a.m. To noon instead of six a.m. To midnight. So I was like, no, I can't promise to be there at six a.m. So I got all fixed. And here I am at a nice decent time of one
in the afternoon.
Well, especially now that I'm stuck in the house, there's no reason for me to get out early
and I'm a night owl.
Yeah. Are you a morning for center? A night owl?
you in school or do you have a job?
Right. Tell me about that.
Um, I'm a private investigator and um, I don't do the sneak around and try to take pictures of people's wife fucking somebody else. I'm a criminal defense investigator, which means I work with defense attorneys to look at the evidence the prosecution has and do interviews and other investigation stuff for the defense and the courts closed for a while. So for a while I didn't have any work either, but my wife is a college professor and she's been teaching online the whole time. So and actually I'm on unemployment until I have a job promised, but it'll be at least a couple of weeks I think.
But it's it's nice. Um It's not like we couldn't have bought groceries or paid our mortgage if I didn't have unemployment, but it's nice to be able to actually stay on like sort of our financial plan to do that. Yeah.
So how old are you?
Are you turning 30
in july
in, in june happy birthday.
Hi.
I keep
looking down because
I'm adjusting my volume.
Um So are you in new york city,
or?
so has has it has been
as ravaged out there as it has in the city?
I look.
Hello? Sorry.
We haven't Really been out since March 15, that was the last time we like went in person to buy groceries, we walked the dogs, we take the cars out of the driveway like once a month so that we can um keep the batteries charged, so we put the dogs in the truck and take a ride and let them sniff out the windows. Or
I also have a mini cooper, so we take a little tootle in that. Yeah.
Uh we have like a rottweiler mutt that we got at the pound and he's huge, he's £95 and
he's 10.5, but he's still super active. Like, bizarrely he does bizarrely well for a dog that that's big, is that big and that old
like three or four years ago, the doctor, the vet said to us um he will start aging rapidly now and he like he will still jump even he jumps up like this, but sometimes even his back feet clear the floor when he's excited because he's getting
supper or because we're going to take for a walk. So I don't know how long he's going to live, but he's already kind of lived longer than a lot of dogs that size. His name is Murray and we have a black and tan standard dioxin named Quimby and she
was not from the pound, she was from a breeder, but it was sometimes if they have a dog in the litter that is physically imperfect so that they couldn't show they find a pet home for that dog which is the term they used. And so she came to us because her teeth aren't perfect. So
so we
so
we're
at home and um she
um yes okay she's very good because I think she has those show jeans she likes stand very still to get her nails done and stuff
like that. But
yes you just love her so much of course
and I've kept in touch with the breeder you know it's been sort of like an open adoption and
I'll read you something after a while if we if we get to it that I wrote a funny I wrote a funny letter as if it were my dog talking to her litter mate who still lives with her with her there
ma.
let's see. Do you have pets?
What was its name? Mhm.
Maybe.
Well one
thing that's amazing about our big dog is that he was a voluntary surrender. Someone
had to like move out of town suddenly. And so are our rescue actually came with vet records
because they turned in the vet records so you know that they did not want to give him up if they're bringing him and given it's making me cry and given that records. Right.
and he's
I'm sure he's forgotten all about that heartbreak.
Yeah they are They're funny. She's she's £24 which a lot
of people don't know that there's standard toxins in addition to many toxins. Which is that's why they're called Mini is because they used to be bigger. Um And she's three now and we've had her since she was like three months but along about age to maybe he kind of had to, you know when they're puppies, the bigger dogs kind of just put up with him and along about a year ago maybe he really kind of kicked her ass a couple of times and so she doesn't she doesn't bug him as much, she doesn't
play with him as much, which kind of makes me sad, but.
Yeah. Does he or she like go somewhere distant too get those dogs that are being rescued and
I know
there's this like whole nationwide transport. I have a niece who has like she lives in Wisconsin and she's gone to like Tennessee and then driven dogs back and it really is an amazing rescue world. Not like I mean I think the way it used to be, certainly when I was younger um was just there was just dogs at the pound and either people came and got more people didn't in this whole rescue thing I think has Maybe maybe built up in the last 20 years, 25 years, I'm not sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't do a lot on social media because it just gets on my nerves. Uh but um it sounds familiar, but tell me more about it because because
I'm not
Power
point.
Is it um like a face big book, page two followers, a YouTube channel,
or?
I mean when I hear about the subject matter, I have a few friends who I bet have posted, shared some things, which is probably why I think I've heard of it.
Yeah
How
old how old
were you?
Mhm. I want to talk about these things.
Getting up every two hours That's that's dedication.
Were you sad when you have to give them up?
Yeah.
So
heard the kittens from the feral world wow. Do
people like go
around
the woods and, no I mean the rescuers they go around the woods and look for them or?
I mean.
What?
Um Where
did
you
where did you grow up? Okay.
You
did. I
was
wondering
because
I also um I'm a private investigator now but um I'm 56 I'll be 57 next month actually and um
thank you by the, by the time you get to my age you've just done a lot of stuff, right? So I actually have also a background in linguistics and um I'm really attuned to like dialects and accents and I'm hearing you say kittens, kitten, a
kitten.
See that little global stop between what would be the to tease the to um The two syllables of the word.
Yeah, that's just it's just
part of the accent. I bet everywhere where you grew up. I think that's probably what everybody says.
it's
Say again. What word?
Yes. Say butter.
Oh, that didn't do
it.
So
I have another
question for you. Am I going in and out of focus sometimes?
Um So here's a question for you. I've been told that some people think it's rude to eat, drink or smoke while you're on a video chat. How are you reacting when I drink my teeth? Okay.
Yeah, I don't care either. I was just
curious.
Just
no
tobacco.
Yeah, I'm doing okay.
I guess
you do too.
For prolific. You mean? Uh, it is my first one for prolific.
For as for a study you mean? Yeah,
this
is the only study website I'm on. I'm just doing it for some fun and some pocket money during the, during the lockdown. Yeah,
but I heard about it because my wife is a psychology professor and you know, a lot of the studies on here are psychology department members of some sort who are doing it. I think she heard about it, you know, through whatever professional channels reading or something.
Thank you.
Oh no. Um, I grew up in Wisconsin. We moved there when I was like two and I, I live there until I got out of high school and then I went out of state for undergrad and I came back to Wisconsin for my graduate work and I lived there another like seven years and I left in 93 and have lived elsewhere since um I lived in Puerto Rico and then I lived in Texas down on the border and then I lived in New Mexico down on the border And we moved here in 2001. My wife and I met in new Mexico okay
and we're looking at early retirement and moving back. Yeah
we we really didn't want to leave but it was just sort of life got in the way we were having a hard time finding jobs in each other's towns and eventually he said you know like two years after we met we were just finally like we gotta, we were doing too much driving, um, being together. So we decided we just had to look for somewhere somewhere else. So we've been here since 2001. Excuse me, Excuse me. We like it. We both had good profession, professional careers here. We have a nice little house in the suburbs. But um, my dad died last fall and um, he left us some money and so, um, it's not like we can do it right away, but it kind of set us up to get to retirement faster financially. So we're hoping to move in 2-5 years. It kind of depends on what the crisis does to our finances. And when can we even like, we couldn't move right now. I mean we could, but not safely because
we'd have to drive. And from here you go through Idaho Idaho Utah, which were two very bad states for coronavirus and
you know, you don't have to have a lot of contact with people, but you've got to get gas,
gotta take a shit, You gotta
go
in
somewhere,
you know? So
but
certainty.
And we've always been, uh, I don't know, we've always been disciplined. And so both of us have like 30 years worth of work experience. We have good retirement savings and everything. Um, we, we've always managed to do, we have a nice house, but we bought a smaller house in a less expensive neighborhood. Um, we've got on vacations, but mostly it was professional, something for her. And so like her, her flight and maybe a week of her hotel were paid and I'd go along and all we had to do was pay my flight and however many more days that we stayed at the location or something like that.
Thanks. Yeah. I mean we went to paris for three weeks and it costs us like Maybe it was two weeks, But it costs us like I don't remember like $2,000 because
we were, it was my flight plus we were staying in sort of like, uh not exactly hostile, but it was academic sort of conference center in an old building in old paris at. So
And
so it was
like,
it
was crazy. It was like $70 a night or something after her
her
conference was over. And so we've been very fortunate in some of the cool things we've gotten to do.
And
then
once
we retired I'll have to retire. It'll have to be on our own nickel. All
I think so. Uh huh.
Yeah. Oh, lost sound. Yeah. Oh they're talk again.
Yeah, I lost
for
Um,
well you, you were about to ask me a question.
When
you,
we've always cooked a lot. My wife is also diabetic, so we can't just go out and eat big restaurant meals all the time. And conversely during the lockdown, we have to eat the same. We ever did. We can't eat pasta and beans and rice, you know, because that's not what she can eat. We cook fresh vegetables and plan meals. It's just been um, more a little bit more demanding during this time for two reasons. One is, you do have to plan ahead. You can't say you can't call her and say, okay, well I decided to make this stir fry tonight. So pick up this, this and this at the store on your way home. But um, we've been getting all our groceries delivered um this area served by both amazon fresh and whole foods. So I get orders from those two different places. And um the other thing that's challenging is that she is working a lot so since I haven't been working it's really all fallen to me Which is fine. Um I enjoy cooking and I enjoy doing stuff for her, she takes good care of me. So it's nice to take good care of her and then um you know I hear about the quarantine 15 or whatever people gaining weight. I've actually lost weight because I was you know when you plan your meals ahead,
you don't have impulse purchase at every time you go to the grocery store to get two ingredients for a meal. Um There is no way we can just go uh let's go, just let's just go get tacos or let's just go get pizza because I don't feel like cooking tonight. It's like you don't feel like cooking tonight. Well you better take some, you better take something out of the freezer then you know that you don't really have to cook but there's no just and I looked at our finances to and because it seems like it just seems like my god we ordered groceries, we buy all um like organic produce and stuff, it's like hello order groceries and it'll be like 100 and $50 and I think it's so much money. And then not too long ago I went back and I looked um I track all our checking account with a spreadsheet and I just went back to like this time last year and looked at june expenditures and I was like, oh we went twice to our favorite mexican restaurant and the first time it was $37. And the second time we must have gotten margaritas because it was 50 something dollars and it doesn't take very long. Excuse me too much more than add up to that $150 or whatever that I'm spending on groceries that seems like so much. No.
another thing I've become really conscious of that I wasn't before is figuring out how to store produce in a way that it will last for a week or two weeks and I've got a whole, um, I've discovered some new things. Um I don't know, have you ever used waxed cloth?
I love it and it's, it's
very good for preservation to compared to plastic craft and
I
just
happened
to see it last thanksgiving. We were on vacation and I went into a gift shop at like a state park or something like that and they had it in there and hold this is interesting and I'd never heard of it before once I started using and I just really loved it. Okay.
Yeah, absolutely. And then here I'll give you another tip which is Rubbermaid makes a container product line called Fresh Works. Yeah. And it has a lid on it that has um like uh a grill with a filter.
And so somehow it, it breathes a little bit and this filter absorbs the kind of gases that make produce ripen. Okay. And I am not kidding. We have led us in one of these and we went to Vienna for however long like a week and a half and it wasn't like new when we left and we came back and it was still fine and we were like, I can't believe this and we didn't need it right away. And seriously some stuff in those fresh works will take fort will keep 4 to 6 weeks depending on what it is and stuff that I always used to like root vegetables, like carrots and radishes. Like they go soft in the crisper door really fast, they just stay crisp, it's just amazing. So look
at that.
But yeah, fresh works
and
I can't remember if they write it as one word or two. But anyway,
it's expensive because it's like technology not just a plastic
thing.
Yeah, I mean I'm sure especially during this time I have more than made up the money because man, it is expensive to throw out organic produce.
Yes. Yesterday I had an eggplant that didn't quite make it, but that wasn't my fault. I mean I I ordered it to make a dish and the dish took like a big eggplant and this eggplant came and it was like this big and so I couldn't make my dish with it. So then I ordered one next time and by the time I got the big one, the other one was not good. So when they watch this, do you think um they'll look at gender stuff, We're like talking about cooking,
cooking again? Domestic stuff.
So so I don't know, tell me about something less female.
So you um you said you
were studying holistic medicine but you also have a job. Tell me about your job.
So
have you been doing that for a long time before you decided
to study? Yeah.
That's
it.
My chair a little bit. Um Well, in massage therapy,
that's not something that's going to be easy to come back very soon. Right.
wow.
They're one
Is
that when you say they do you mean it's like the state certification health department
I know,
I got her I've been going to the same nail tech for Like almost 10 years and I got a a text from her were open what your nails don't call me except she's Vietnamese. So it was in more broken english and she's very sweet
but I thought it was really neat that she texted me, you know like I said we've known each other for a long time. She she can't she can't hold a job, she gets pissed off. So she goes to these different salons.
So I
always
I always follow her.
Yeah I mean one time this was a long time ago but she had no um she had she was in between salons put it that way she had quit because she was mad which was what always happens, the owner pisses her off in some way and she didn't have another job yet. So she came and knocked on my door and I actually I paid her to like do my feet at home you know at my house so because I missed her too but I don't know that I'm going to go back because it's like it's a lot of money and I keep
thinking about like I'll go in and manny petty leg wax tip, it's like $70. And I keep thinking about that early retirement and the fewer, the more times I shave my own damn legs
the
sooner we're moving to New Mexico.
That's funny we've been
talking
for.
I've been kind of surprised how good I can get my own nails looking.
Yeah I don't I don't um I almost never polished them anymore but um I've been watching her do nails for so long and I know you know what she does that's different than just cutting your nails and file shape you know So um
you know what we haven't done is we haven't told each other what our names are.
Yeah my name's verla.
It's V. As in victor E. R. L. A.
That's
here we go. I'll cover up the the self identifying parts.
my mom was from the american south and you know how they kind of make up names? Yeah so her and this is actually not uncommon either where they take a uh like a dad's name and they feminized it to name the girl. So like I had a friend in college, I went to undergrad in texas and um like I had a friend whose name was john who was father's name was john and her name was Johnetta, so my grandfather's middle name was Glenn and they named my mom Glenna and her middle name was Wurl, Doesn't that sound Southern Glenn Navarro
and so they named me verla, so I'm named after my mom. Yeah
but I stopped the cycle, I don't have any Children, I never wanted kids. Um But my sister also has an interesting name, her name is Vasi
and it's not short
for anything
B. A. S. S. I. And it was my grandmother's name, it was Lloyd, Glenn's wife's name, my grandmother and like she sort of didn't know where it came from, so.
Your turn
what
mary?
So were you good like uh irish catholic or something like that?
Well is he is he dark though? I mean a lot
of.
No.
I was gonna say where's
daddy, but I know a lot of northern Italy is not all that olive black hair. So
I have a friend whose last name is Sapone and she's like colored like that freckles, Light brown hair.
even when I lived in Puerto rico, I'm very fair, complected than even when I lived in Puerto rico, I had more freckles, but I never got brown.
be careful. I mean I can't believe sometimes looking at my I can't believe sometimes how um how old I feel like I'm starting to look, it's like I hit menopause like three years ago or something and just it all went to shit the integrity of my skin. Um how much gray I have. I was just like, I mean, seriously, the height of my tips was just like, I mean, they were already sagging a little bit, but you know, I knew I was in my 30s. Like the bigger they are, the harder they fall, right and I might as well enjoy this while
they're up here.
Pen. I just, I was just looking because I didn't know how long we talked and um It didn't take you very long to come online after I was on. But this sounds like 40 minutes.
No,
it's
the better up page where you clicked the link
has a timer on it.
Stop.
Well, married. It's super fun. Just too toxic. I'm
See here especially, it's just so nice when you're closed in to just talk to somebody different.
Well,
and I saw when, um, when this study came up in the prolific window, it said, um repeats welcome or something like that on it. So maybe
we'll
get another
chance to even
do the same thing.
So have a good let's see. It's already 4:40 there. Have a good evening.
And
it was nice getting to know you.
take care. Bye