Hello.
Right, how are you doing?
Sunny day, popped inside for a couple of minutes to chat with you.
I'm in new york. What about yourself?
Yeah.
But
it can be a person.
That's right, you can set your own schedule,
are you?
Uh It depends on what the schedule has in store for me that day I think. You know, I kind of go with the flow. Yeah,
both the same time.
Yeah, I'm studying holistic medicine and uh work full time, but I have not been working during this then back home. What about yourself?
Now,
to be completely sidetracked.
I'm 30 this month. My goodness,
I've
just had my birthday.
thank you. Thank you. Yeah, my husband and I have been stuck in a studio apartment. He's been lucky enough to work from home and
had to buy a webcam,
The
class,
you know?
No, we're
on Long Island. Mhm.
but
we got hit very hard and uh our town was one of the first to really see the upswing, everything
was closed, but one day, you know, sen
since well mid March. Yeah.
Some plan.
kind dogs.
my gosh.
she must be loved.
And
Report.
clean,
what
can
you do?
sure.
Half
for me.
Oh that's great.
That's what I like.
message
from dog to dog. That's cute. Yeah.
I don't have pets right now, but I grew up with dogs, we had a rottweiler mix too. So I know there can be such a big mush balls.
I was young. We we called her many because she was so big. She was maybe, I think
she was like a black lab mix. She had like a white lightning bolt on her chest. She was cute. Yeah. Good girl. But she she had a shorter life like. Well it's also them do you know the rescues? We don't really get to know what their health history is you know? But she she was good and we had her
unique
group.
That's great.
but he found a good home with you guys. It seems meant
to be
distracted with overwhelming wonderful life now and he's a furry buddy. Yeah.
Uh huh.
What?
Well maybe she knows her place now. He's told her what's up? Mhm. Dogs are funny, we have a friend who rescues them and does foster care programs so go over there and play with the pups, send them off to good homes
mm. Um Only a few times they've had to take that drive themselves there with a uh program of different foster houses. But they come from I think the phrase was like texas we've had from Carolinas upstate maine pennsylvania, but they're all
over.
It's a good, good movement. Do you follow um are you on social media? Are you familiar with the Dodo?
brilliant.
They're like video clips. They make me cry every time I watch one about saving a cat from underneath the patio, I got stuck or a dog that had mange and was homeless and now has a home or a seal that was in a circus and is now free in the ocean. Like just different pull your heart strings feel good. Happy stories of sad neglected animals
getting something
that is just so rare for them, you know?
It's
on just on facebook. Yeah. Yeah. The Dodo. It's just cute. Yeah.
I'm sure you've seen them there. Thank Utes. Yeah. I used to foster care kittens when I was young. We get their eyes closed. You need to have to bottle feed them. Um Based
it in your hand, it's so tiny, so soft. But you have to wake up, it's like a real baby. You have to wake up every couple hours to feed them and get them
attention.
Hold
me. I.
Mhm. I started when I was 13 Volunteering at the shelter. So I think I was fostering by like 14 the following year. Yeah.
And they were cute. We kept some, we had some that didn't make it, you know, But it was just nice. I was like one of those kids who was all about the animals, I wanted to be jane. Goodall.
Um It depends, You know, it's nice to see like another family take that animal and give it a good home, especially when we had pets of our own already. At the time we're going to have another, we have six animals in the house full time I guess a lot. But we kept some that really made an impression. Yeah. Special personalities. We had a
cat. He was a little of four. Three of them ended up passing. There was this very bad chest infection going around. The feral cat community does does the year and they ended up getting it. He caught it, but he didn't, he didn't pass, he made it through. He was our little little fighter, so we had to keep him,
but he was a jerk.
Yeah.
They
come from
often. They'll be found like only the dumpster or hiding under somebody's shed
and the parents, the mama cat is usually um, sometimes can be a little violent with anybody like small Children. So a lot of times young families would call and
say we need you to come collect this feral cat from underneath their house with all these kittens. Or they just get dumped at the shelter in a box, knock on the door, you go out the cars peeling out, there's just kittens. They're waiting. Yeah. But
a lot
of us
are like them.
I grew up here in Long Island. Born
and
We
don't
have to
travel with.
happy birthday.
Oh,
kittens.
Oh, that's interesting. So what does that indicate?
MS
look kitten curtains.
My husband makes fun of me all the time,
curtains like Kurt Nikki close the curtain,
butter.
I
didn't
have it. How
funny.
Sometimes not all the time. I think I am too. A little bit is on my screen. Yeah,
Frankie.
I'll
have like, I'll chew whatever,
as long
as it's
not like I'm a face, you know? Well let us in the teeth or something.
You
got your clear great smile.
Yeah. Is this your first video chat or you've done a few of these like this?
Yeah, me too. I've never done something even like this on another website. So interesting.
I mean
the quizzes.
time, fill it with a couple whatever you can get, right.
Oh, interesting. I didn't know it's a little bit of a trend with that, so cool.
No. Have you grown up? Have you lived out there your whole life? Where'd you grow up?
fine.
Well, you got to go back home is where the heart is, right?
So
you know,
hello?
I
want
to
report
passing through so passing through but
it's nice to have a little nest egg, you know? Well christian because you're a little bit of sense of relief in this time of
uncertainty. Yeah that's really the killer of it
That's smart traveling. You know you're making the most out of this opportunity.
So
it's just a place to lay your head when you're
in paris
you
want to be
out.
It's
what?
Yeah, that's awesome. Take advantage of that. Sounds
like
you
want
I think it will come up with another way to travel creatively.
Have you,
Can you hear me now?
I'm just
maybe I hit something on the keyboard sorry. Yes.
Oh
Oh it's going to say well we've been cooking a lot more for ourselves during this time become quite the little chef. It's a that's made such a difference in our life I think it's easy for me sometimes to get caught up in all the things I'm not doing with the quarantine but taking care of myself and cooking for myself and eating well has been something I want to take with me when things go back to normal I don't want to do that. Have
you had
stuff like that?
that's mhm.
can go a lot further when you cook for yourself. Mhm.
I just ordered some my cousin was telling me I need to get on that.
I'll go
Eco friendly, we're
all trying
to
marry.
good. I got to good reviews now.
Mhm,
robert.
fresh
fresh works. I'm running
it down.
Couldn't
but it's worth
your investment and that they're not throwing out food so.
It's painful.
puppies
and kittens cooking.
Oh, I'm so basic.
Well
no, I'm a massage therapist,
so
while now.
and uh I was originally going to do the acupuncture
program
and holistic medicine right after I graduated, but I think at that time I just need to be done with school and work. So I went back to school and I I would have been done but my graduation has been delayed from corona, so we're trying to do what we can online, but it's a hands on skill to needle people. So that's been a little interesting to tackle.
Well
I will not be going back to that very soon. Um I have a few private clients that have been quarantine and I'll see them. You know we take our precautions, but right now we're supposed to get the nasal swab every two weeks. You have to wear goggles, facemask, um Some spots I know you're having people wear gowns without all that is an oven in a treatment room. We work up quite a sweat slaving away on back after back so that just seems absolutely unreasonable. Uh huh. No way. Oh
yeah. No way. I couldn't do it. So. Well hopefully
I can graduate and that can needle because we don't have to wear any of that year to do it at your some reason, massage they want us.
Well
yeah what they the state, what their mandates are were phase uh Governor cuomo over here We have different phases of reopening and now we're in Phase three. Um hair salons are open but jim's will be closed indefinitely at this time. Are still not going to open that spots have all these restrictions. Yeah it's
simpler.
harming. I love it.
One
of
the year.
Good, loyal to the end. I like it.
Room.
I
think
that's right. It's
hard
to put on
a scale. You know you have to think about what's important to you and is pampering and get your legs waxed more important or to me I like your way of thinking. The retirement is at the top of my list.
the professional.
What?
Okay you first
verla.
Oh my what
is that from somewhere? I've never heard that name before.
Very well, that's pretty, what is your family? What's your background?
What a girl?
that's beautiful.
nasty. I
think I love
this battery names.
Okay. I kept it in the family that I like it.
I'm
married
mary mary. Quite contrary. How does your garden grow? Yeah.
Yeah. My mom's side, my dad's italian, but they look at me, you would not guess.
no
blonde hair, blue eye italian. And his grandmother was red hair but all of everyone else and his family is dark skin, dark complexion and dark
eyes. He's the milkman's son.
Well
it has this range as well.
I'm starting to come in if I can get a tan through the window. Uh huh.
that's what happens to me, yep. No tan just burn back to white or a couple of freckles. Okay.
great.
Amen.
Oh you said Taimur smart, I did not do that, kept looking over at the clock. But yes,
I think
you're only five after. Yeah,
have a timer on it
out, Smart, look at
that, They're so smart. Mhm. Well verla.
I I will be open to doing something like this again because just what an unexpected pleasant conversation. Thank you.
Yeah, we are missing a little bit of our normal socializing so this is much
appreciated.
I don't
want
to
cross
past.
You
to enjoy the rest of your afternoon
youtube birla, take care
well.