SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. You know? All right. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: they have a gun.
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Had push my brows there.
SPEAKER_L: You're good. I'm thomas by the way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was upset in the southwest
SPEAKER_L: I'm thomas.
SPEAKER_R: thomas chris, let me agree, grab my head, said it might make it easier. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh, I like your headphones.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Thank you. Right.
SPEAKER_L: where you are? You on the East Coast right now?
SPEAKER_R: On the west coast California.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Oh my God. I pray to I didn't I'm surprised because uh when I signed up for six am I just assumed that it was gonna be an east coaster Or something like that or Midwest or something that just because it's six. AM. Well, we uh I was just saying what brings you up so early besides unless you're just doing it for this.
SPEAKER_R: I'm just I'm usually up at this time um this morning I had to set my alarm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. My girlfriend was leaving the house
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: at this hour, so uh I was I was like, okay, well if she's leaving might as well get something out of it. Yeah, she left just like, I don't know, like like three minutes ago or whatever so yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: For sure.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Uh was it nor color? So cal
SPEAKER_R: Southern California California.
SPEAKER_L: I've been something over two. I'm in L. A.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty much, I mean uh culver city
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah I'm not really in L. A. But I mean close enough. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is your is your microphone giving you feedback? Like is there echoing everything you say?
SPEAKER_L: I hear echoes from what you say but I didn't
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: trying
SPEAKER_L: you'd be
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: from now.
SPEAKER_R: trafficking what's going on? It's like uh it's really weird like everything I
SPEAKER_L: Is it from me or is it from you because I hear your echoes? So you hear my echoes?
SPEAKER_R: no, I don't so I grabbed the
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: headphones at first, I thought it might help, and it's just like, nope
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: Kansas
SPEAKER_L: I don't really.
SPEAKER_R: try to pretend them some weird science fiction being that speaks in an echo.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Uh huh. So uh so what's up your shirt? I see.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's all right. I play uh well, I played before the pandemic and uh rec league basketball, one of our team just called the mother huggers. Well you know the brady bunch Florence Henderson is a pretty pretty pretty good mom and then they Then have the fist of uh two pac and says uh
SPEAKER_L: they're good
SPEAKER_R: this is her life instead of
SPEAKER_L: I like yeah I love it, I love it. That's such a good shirt. Oh gosh. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It's definitely pretty pretty fun. It's a attention grabber.
SPEAKER_L: it's a very good conversation starter right there at least. Uh What was it uh What are you up to? What do you normally do? Uh That keeps you occupied
SPEAKER_R: Right lately I've just been reading and doing online work here and there. I was working in the kitchen until the end of july and that kind struck out on my own. We have tried to study some and uh more freelance work and find stuff like this.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's fair. Um I'm a student so yeah uh was it uh I uh studied chemical engineering.
SPEAKER_R: That's sweet.
SPEAKER_L: It takes me a second in the morning usually have like awake but uh 60 M. was just like I could do stuff but I'm not like fully there yet. Like I've got surfing at like six but then I'm not like there just yet I can't actually talk, I can probably do stuff so it takes like my braid there's some part of my brain is still asleep. Everything else is like okay I can do stuff, I just need some gears deter there's something called webs and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. My sleep schedule is kind of been rotating endlessly
SPEAKER_L: Oh what does that mean?
SPEAKER_R: like you're putting on how do I stay up the previous day? There will be nice where I'll be up up like all day I'll get at two AM and I'll be like oh yeah cool. Well and then like a week later I'll be having normal sleep schedule and just kind of like rotates since I don't have a I have like a set work schedule. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I mean uh I know people that uh when the pandemic was in full swing and everyone was like kind of losing their minds. There was someone I know that uh he woke up At one or 2 P. M. And you like went to bed at like eight a.m. Or something, It's like he's like full dark mode. Like it's like when the like the sun is even out like when he like fully wakes up and whatnot or whatever and I'm like wait what just happened? Like you just completely like switch to like a graveyard shift and you don't even work the graveyard shift, you're not even like like what just happened? I
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: get it.
SPEAKER_R: when I was working I was working second shift, like getting off like between 11 and one a.m. So I'll basically do that because I hate to go to sleep after work, so I'll just step at least till dawn. Um I learned of this phrase, I think it might be japanese and it was like an expression basically called revenge nighttime procrastination. And it's basically like when you don't have control of your daily life, you take it out at night by like staying up relentlessly because you're only sense of control. Uh
SPEAKER_L: god.
SPEAKER_R: huh I was like, what an expression.
SPEAKER_L: I mean to be fair I definitely felt that way too often
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: where it's it's if you don't do enough during the day and then it bites you in the butt later on. Uh I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I mean I saw him long distance with my girlfriend and uh I essentially
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: prioritized time that I spent with her over almost anything
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: else. So when that happens, when she does visit, when she does what I do see her, then I push things aside and that really does bite me in the butt because there was one time that I graded, I was uh grading some because I don't have a T A for one of the classes and it bit me in the butt because I was great until two in the morning and it was just because like, I just needed to get it done and I submit all of it and I like had the homeless all day and I was like relaxing for most of the day. I was like, oh my God, please kill me, never again. And then I did it again and I did it again and now I'm here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's so relatable. That's so relatable. Revenge of the night until night. Like that's actually it's one of the really interesting things that you have a deep conversation about when you party so hard. What does it become? What does it go from? You had a great night? So you had a great morning?
SPEAKER_R: basically like uh It's been a while since I've been in college but uh I used to be concerned I was an alcoholic because all my friends turned 21 at the same time, so we just always brought too much booze to a party and then we having some next day like oh we have beer, let's support again. Oh I'm
SPEAKER_L: Rally
SPEAKER_R: just like oh my god, ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: sounds a rally.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I went to Ohio to so we were like, you know, I realized the people more I would drink a lot until I moved to the west coast or at least I visited. I remember I was visiting like Seattle and Portland and they have signs up in their bars. I said like if you appear drunk we can't serve you drinks. And I was like, what? Just make it exist?
SPEAKER_L: That's what I need it the most. That's where I draw my strike. Uh I can understand that like uh
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: for who it was. I I know quite a few people that are from like the midwest and they were saying like there really is not much to do over there except for drinking
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: nascar some of it. It was like and then and also go like um I didn't think this was like a thing, but apparently out in the boonies uh was it like there was even an organ. There was uh because my friends are from like a small area in Oregon called Lebanon. And uh it's the boonies over there. It's crazy like uh certain
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: areas over there, they haven't seen like diversity at all. So like it's only white people for like miles. And uh I guess like, like what people do for fun is like either drink or they go to like, like shoot, they go to not shooting range, but they just go shoot into
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like a dirt mound. Uh I don't like wait what? Uh my girlfriend went to one of these things, so the one of her friends and that's how I met some of them
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like, wait what? So you're literally just going to fire live rounds into a pile of dirt. She was like, yeah, there was a lot of fun and I was like, wait, what are we doing? What's happening? Should I be
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: concerned?
SPEAKER_R: what culture shock a little bit? Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: I'm not surprised when someone says that like, they party a little bit harder in, in the midwest. I would believe it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Also here, uh never heard of this until like Uh what was that? I met people from the Midwest and they were talking about was the absence or it's it's 100% alcohol that like it'll mess you up. They were like, oh yeah, it's like, it's like, it's not, not 100% but it's like super strong or whatever. And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: uh they're like, oh, it'll get you twisted in a second, we'll take a shot of it, It's like drinking fire and I'm like, oh God.
SPEAKER_R: I've never had real absence. Like apparently the absence like overseas is illegal. So it's like the absence we get is like water down verse no diverse, supposed to have some like extra things in it to make it like almost psychedelic or something like that I want to hear.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. So you have heard of? It sounds sounds crazy. I can't imagine
SPEAKER_R: Well wolf.
SPEAKER_L: trying to drink that strong of alcohol because I feel like you just go cross eyed. Okay, wow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Uh my roommate has a couple dogs. Uh huh I
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: was turned out from pets and I was a child. Too much responsibility and potential trauma.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Most people of, I feel like nowadays most people love pets and they want to like get pets especially with little like quarantine and everything. So like most people just want to like get the companionship and everything like that. It's interesting getting a different opinion about that. May I ask what happened with the,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sort of like uh I think my last foray into pets, like I was a kid, my family had lots of random pets, I have these uh dwarf hamsters, they're like pretty small and cute, it was supposed to be to the same sex, but they ended up being one male, one female, so they have the 1st 1st litter and it was fine. Uh there was like uh one boy and like maybe three or four girls one was now buying, oh and uh settling so much there for like five bucks for that, it was like well I was like oh yeah we have all these pets. Uh these little things like you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I played with him, let him run around and stuff within a they try to have a second letter but all the like babies were like super premature, like you know really really tiny and they're like dad end up just killing and medium and I was like, oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh, what the heck.
SPEAKER_R: yes, animals will do that in the wild. Like, you know, the animals are not like viable, they'll just eat it. And so that bothered me. And so I ended up like separating the males from the females in two different cages and it was just the one the father and son and then the female wearing another one and end up going in town for a while and coming back and the father had killed this son. I just like, it was, it was dramatic like a movie because I couldn't tell from the angle it looked like it was sleeping and then I go around, it's like the faces on myself. I was like, oh God,
SPEAKER_L: No. Oh dude, I can't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: imagine.
SPEAKER_R: was like, I didn't really think I was traumatized, but later I was like, that's probably why I never really want that. I'm also pretty, I like to lay back and I have responsibility, but I think they're like proper the nail in the coffin.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's fair. I completely understand that. Uh that could be quite traumatic for someone. Uh was it when I was growing up, I had a pet turtle and um this patrol last or lived for quite a while, like almost like 15 years. Yeah, it was a she grew from a small little quarter all the way up to like essentially a foot ah in length and she was a great turtle and everything like that. And we had like this uh tank with her and we learned that she uh we tried putting fish into her tank because we were like okay, she's uh generally pretty friendly, she's excited for food and stuff like that, but like she's not like super aggressive or anything like that. So we're like okay and then we looked up that like there are feeder fish for turtles and if you think you're able to give it to them to like uh to
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: see if they're interested or not and she wasn't super interested initially. So essentially what ended up happening was this fish was just eating her waist, eating her poop and just kind of cleaning up the tank. And then I was like dude this is gross, this this fish, we didn't like feed this fish at all, It was literally just cleaning up this after this turtle for like weeks and then all outside one day
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: we come downstairs and this this fish was like inverted, it literally was like its insides were ripped apart and it's like it was floating because it had a uh it's there's like this uh bubble type of thing inside of fish that help it like float and it ended up looking like a balloon and I was like dude this is gross and I was just floating in a tank and the turtles like swimming around and I was like dude this is something that like, is that of a horror movie and I was like dude this is not
SPEAKER_R: I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: all right, this is not
SPEAKER_R: Like you thought that it should be food, but it's really, it's really going to be, you eats its way out of the tank expands.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well I mean like I guess it ended up being a guest food, but it like, it looked like it was like it was eviscerated, I was like oh my God, what happened? We never tried that again, but oh gosh, one of those moments where you kind of like, okay, well I don't know what I was expecting, but it just happened. Uh was it? Uh Yeah, I like to so uh Al Qaeda by the ocean ish and uh I've been trying to get into surfing this year, so I actually bought a wet suit, my friend, let me aboard. Uh
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've been trying to go out more uh and also like the pandemic kind of helped me out because it pushed somebody work a little bit lower and a priority and everything like that school got a little bit easier because it's online and um yeah, I'm able to go out more no safely of course, but still got to see the ocean, everything like more active outdoor activities. I really like the outdoors, I feel like yeah, have you been a national parks?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not recently like that. And I feel like any big trip like uh the closest thing is probably like I passed through the Grand Canyon Park, we're driving out here once and we like spent the night there, but it was like, it wasn't like a really big trip, but it was like one thing, it was beautiful just seeing the sting the stars out in that area was just crazy. Like yeah, I felt I was in the planet's area or something, it's pretty cool and since then I've lived in L. A. And I've never seen the stars again.
SPEAKER_L: that's true, that's very true. Uh Living in the city basically, I don't even know they exist but no hundreds, I agree, I love it when I go out to the uh the more isolated areas in nature and then you don't see as much light pollution, you have to worry about all of that is just so great seeing all that kind of really uh because I studied astronomy a little bit and uh previously in somebody classes and uh there's just so great seeing essentially what some of them mean, why they're so bright, learning about telescopes. Uh actually me and my girlfriend met through astronomy is
SPEAKER_R: No. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was, I was at a community college and so is she? We were taking math classes together and then I invited her to, because I was president of my physics and astronomy class club and I invited her to um a stargazing night and uh the physics class department, whatever, I know the teachers pretty well and uh we wheeled out this giant telescope and we moved it all the way out to the soccer field away from all the light pollution
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: and uh we set it up in this like parking lot area ish. And uh yeah, we were able to like, essentially, like I learned how to align a scope with the navigation system, so there's like the way GPS works you need. Um I think it was like, you could do certain alignments for your position and then um depending on your alignment is, the telescope will try to navigate where everything is and if you plug into the calculator, the remote type of thing, it'll tell you where to look. So say for example um because three points uh in space make a plane and so you could do a three point um Navigate our three. in order for you to get uh what was it? Uh the perfect navigation for where you should be at. So I did uh the way I did it was I did a flat and I pointed to Polaris which is the north star and then I pointed towards I think it was the drama to galaxy. Now Maybe it's drama to I know it's different galaxy M 336 or something. And so that those three give me a point and it gives me a plane and then that gave me the navigation and it was really cool because you can plug in like Saturn jupiter and then the thing would go would be flat and it's like a like a like a mechanical noise and I just point you perfectly to it and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: then you actually align it with the remote like he just yeah ticket like up and down and then it focuses for you and everything. It was so cool. I did not, it took me a while to figure out how to do it perfectly, but then I was like okay once you get it working it was awesome.
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool. Like uh movies tend to give you like a really old fashioned looking to like telescopes despite all the technology have, it's not really like common sense for some recent. Right,
SPEAKER_L: no like that one was amazing, it's definitely not a hobby one though, it was definitely a teaching one because it they
SPEAKER_R: That sounds
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: expensively but you have some money on that one. Uh So I mean it was a lot of fun at the end of the funny thing was that uh a lot of people were just waiting for me to set it up so I can only set it up when it gets dark because that's the only one I can see the stars, but when you see the stars, you're like waiting in the dark and you're like, oh this guy set it up yet, you know, like trying to set it up and if you fail your alignment, so you're playing isn't correcting your Gps isn't correct? So like, well
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: like you say this
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: go to Saturn and and then just pointed in a random direction where there's no star and you're like, wait what? So
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like I said, it's there's definitely a learning curve and there's a lot of fun, it's just whenever we had the stargates as people are just waiting around, they just stared up at the sky. They like, this is technically stargazing. Yeah, I'm like, well, yeah, so then
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: we ended up having essentially like, because the way that we met was, she was a part of different club and I said, oh, you can sell food at our event and it was never like a big event. It was like only like 10 people and most of them were friends and just random, like a few random people, but like most of them were people I knew and everything like that. And uh yeah, so we just like, she brought food and stuff like that. Uh We just, yeah, it was a great time, stuff like that. And that's all you have been connecting
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh uh Are you looking for anything in the future?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh Reality
SPEAKER_L: Anything big?
SPEAKER_R: through adjust to my expectations. It's just so weird like you know, trying to figure out how back normal things can even possibly yet. And if I should just like changed over hobbies, I had two different things. This this this also wants at least
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah, like the dodgeball. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: As well as they're playing it in some places. But L. A. Is pretty much shut down. But uh there appropriate optimistic though. Like I have old hobbies. I can bring back case to play music more do writing and things like that. Uh Yeah I have time at least for the next few months before my savings extra savings starts getting low.
SPEAKER_L: That's where the uh, I feel like it's played this pandemics played hard on everyone and everyone's like patients. I think it's really tough to try to really essentially
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: make it through without going and saying like the first like I would say six months, it was just rough. I'm not gonna lie. There's like there's a social need for everyone, so probably understand.
SPEAKER_R: I was even trying to check on friends like who were the biggest extroverts I know. Make sure not going crazy.
SPEAKER_L: That's fair. That's fair. I mean you want to try to make sure that you're not going to go completely insane. Uh huh. Uh But yeah, uh notice it's been 25 minutes so it's up to you if you want to end the conversation or not, if you have other things I do. Right? That that
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty much uh I have some things to do shortly. Let's just any thing you want to talk about
SPEAKER_L: Uh I just want it was a really good conversation. I really do appreciate you talking to
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: wherever there.
SPEAKER_L: So I nice to meet you chris uh
SPEAKER_R: There's me to thomas. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: chris. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: it was it was hard hearing past my own echo when you first were introducing yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. At first I thought it was me because my headset because I actually just got these hyper X headset from someone online. I don't know if you're part of Reddit but there's like this subreddit called hardware swap where you can sell things to people and I just bought I don't know if you're a gamer but it looks like possibly because of your headset. And then I got a logitech um now's recently so I've been playing around both of those and I'm yeah it's been good so just testing it out,
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Cool. Yeah. Well uh I guess that's about it.
SPEAKER_L: I take it easily.
SPEAKER_R: For sure. You too.