they have a gun.
Pretty good. Had push my brows there.
Yeah, I was upset in the southwest
thomas chris, let me agree, grab my head, said it might make it easier. Okay,
thank you. Thank you. Right.
On the west coast California.
I'm just I'm usually up at this time um this morning I had to set my alarm.
What?
For sure.
For sure.
Southern California California.
It's pretty much, I mean uh culver city
is your is your microphone giving you feedback? Like is there echoing everything you say?
I'm
trying
to
trafficking what's going on? It's like uh it's really weird like everything I
no, I don't so I grabbed the
headphones at first, I thought it might help, and it's just like, nope
Kansas
try to pretend them some weird science fiction being that speaks in an echo.
Uh That's all right. I play uh well, I played before the pandemic and uh rec league basketball, one of our team just called the mother huggers. Well you know the brady bunch Florence Henderson is a pretty pretty pretty good mom and then they Then have the fist of uh two pac and says uh
this is her life instead of
It's definitely pretty pretty fun. It's a attention grabber.
Right lately I've just been reading and doing online work here and there. I was working in the kitchen until the end of july and that kind struck out on my own. We have tried to study some and uh more freelance work and find stuff like this.
That's sweet.
for sure. My sleep schedule is kind of been rotating endlessly
like you're putting on how do I stay up the previous day? There will be nice where I'll be up up like all day I'll get at two AM and I'll be like oh yeah cool. Well and then like a week later I'll be having normal sleep schedule and just kind of like rotates since I don't have a I have like a set work schedule. Okay.
That's
when I was working I was working second shift, like getting off like between 11 and one a.m. So I'll basically do that because I hate to go to sleep after work, so I'll just step at least till dawn. Um I learned of this phrase, I think it might be japanese and it was like an expression basically called revenge nighttime procrastination. And it's basically like when you don't have control of your daily life, you take it out at night by like staying up relentlessly because you're only sense of control. Uh
huh I was like, what an expression.
that's
But
I
it's like
you go. Yeah.
basically like uh It's been a while since I've been in college but uh I used to be concerned I was an alcoholic because all my friends turned 21 at the same time, so we just always brought too much booze to a party and then we having some next day like oh we have beer, let's support again. Oh I'm
just like oh my god, ridiculous.
Yeah. Yeah. I went to Ohio to so we were like, you know, I realized the people more I would drink a lot until I moved to the west coast or at least I visited. I remember I was visiting like Seattle and Portland and they have signs up in their bars. I said like if you appear drunk we can't serve you drinks. And I was like, what? Just make it exist?
Yes.
Well,
So
And
So
And
what culture shock a little bit? Uh huh
huh.
And
I've never had real absence. Like apparently the absence like overseas is illegal. So it's like the absence we get is like water down verse no diverse, supposed to have some like extra things in it to make it like almost psychedelic or something like that I want to hear.
But yeah.
Well wolf.
yeah, definitely.
Uh my roommate has a couple dogs. Uh huh I
was turned out from pets and I was a child. Too much responsibility and potential trauma.
I'm sort of like uh I think my last foray into pets, like I was a kid, my family had lots of random pets, I have these uh dwarf hamsters, they're like pretty small and cute, it was supposed to be to the same sex, but they ended up being one male, one female, so they have the 1st 1st litter and it was fine. Uh there was like uh one boy and like maybe three or four girls one was now buying, oh and uh settling so much there for like five bucks for that, it was like well I was like oh yeah we have all these pets. Uh these little things like you
know
I played with him, let him run around and stuff within a they try to have a second letter but all the like babies were like super premature, like you know really really tiny and they're like dad end up just killing and medium and I was like, oh
yes, animals will do that in the wild. Like, you know, the animals are not like viable, they'll just eat it. And so that bothered me. And so I ended up like separating the males from the females in two different cages and it was just the one the father and son and then the female wearing another one and end up going in town for a while and coming back and the father had killed this son. I just like, it was, it was dramatic like a movie because I couldn't tell from the angle it looked like it was sleeping and then I go around, it's like the faces on myself. I was like, oh God,
I
was like, I didn't really think I was traumatized, but later I was like, that's probably why I never really want that. I'm also pretty, I like to lay back and I have responsibility, but I think they're like proper the nail in the coffin.
It
I think,
I'm good.
Like you thought that it should be food, but it's really, it's really going to be, you eats its way out of the tank expands.
on.
Um Not recently like that. And I feel like any big trip like uh the closest thing is probably like I passed through the Grand Canyon Park, we're driving out here once and we like spent the night there, but it was like, it wasn't like a really big trip, but it was like one thing, it was beautiful just seeing the sting the stars out in that area was just crazy. Like yeah, I felt I was in the planet's area or something, it's pretty cool and since then I've lived in L. A. And I've never seen the stars again.
No. Oh.
Ooh.
That's
that's really cool. Like uh movies tend to give you like a really old fashioned looking to like telescopes despite all the technology have, it's not really like common sense for some recent. Right,
That sounds
of
if
that's
so.
The
that's cool. Cool.
Yeah. Uh huh Reality
through adjust to my expectations. It's just so weird like you know, trying to figure out how back normal things can even possibly yet. And if I should just like changed over hobbies, I had two different things. This this this also wants at least
As well as they're playing it in some places. But L. A. Is pretty much shut down. But uh there appropriate optimistic though. Like I have old hobbies. I can bring back case to play music more do writing and things like that. Uh Yeah I have time at least for the next few months before my savings extra savings starts getting low.
So.
I was even trying to check on friends like who were the biggest extroverts I know. Make sure not going crazy.
I'm pretty much uh I have some things to do shortly. Let's just any thing you want to talk about
from
wherever there.
There's me to thomas. Okay.
Yeah
it was it was hard hearing past my own echo when you first were introducing yourself.
Cool. Cool. Yeah. Well uh I guess that's about it.
For sure. You too.