Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. It Mhm. Hi um My name is Nadia, what's your name?
Yeah I can you can you? Yeah. Okay.
Yeah it's nice to meet you.
No, this is the first time I do like the camera thing. But yeah,
the studies I've only been doing for like a week or so. How about you?
I was actually um I don't know if you've heard of discord like the servers, it's like it's like almost like Reddit or it's like social network but not pictures where people just like chat about things and people I think I heard someone mention it and I was like well I didn't have a lot of time on my hands now with being at home all the time. So I figured why not? It's so easy. Like you just you can just be like watching something and then take a quick break and do like
a survey or whatever.
I haven't even recommended it to anyone because I'm like, is this real? But like I guess so if you're making that much,
I'm in Arizona in. Yes, that's west like southwest. Yeah,
happening
again.
Well
it's two o'clock.
Mm That's a good question. I know
here we don't like it's mountain time and they don't change. Do way light savings at all.
So sometimes depending on like, like I'm from new york so I know the time over there changes and then you just just stays the same the whole time. So sometimes writing three hours different. Sometimes it's two hours depending on like if you're in daylight or not lets
you
I know it's weird. It's like I think this is the only mountain times, the only time that doesn't change.
Actually just moved here last month. Yeah.
yeah, it was just like um I've actually lived here before when I was a kid, so it's familiar, so it's not like grand, brand new. So I visited a lot of times and then like I was in new york city during the pandemic, it was just awful and I was just couldn't
get
out of my head that you know what if I moved, what if I moved and then I finally just did it, We're gonna win.
Have
you
worked
with
him?
Yeah, I have
lot of one calls, my sibling, my brother and my cousin both both moved out here like two years ago and
they really liked it too, so it's nice, it's like it's like um it was a big change, but luckily I have my, my friends, I mean my family here, have you always been um in south Carolina, did you say?
well we're in pennsylvania,
Is that like near philadelphia or far
Michael?
Yeah, it's been hard. Um And what do you think about north Carolina?
What,
why?
It's
wow. Um what do you study if you don't mind me asking?
I was
at your in new york, No, garden teacher and I
I did an accelerated master's degree too, so I know how rough that is. It was nuts. I don't know how I did that.
Um No, the same thing like with the pandemic, I was just like, do I want to teach, do I want to live here? Do I want to do this? And I was
just,
yeah, nope, I don't want to do any, anything that I'm doing now is just like moved out here and I'm thinking about what I could do Outside of teaching, but I've taught for like 60 years so. Yeah.
we'll see what, see what happens. Um
Like I had started um
prerequisites to apply to a speech pathology program.
Um But I was like do I really want to go to grad school again? Like I don't know if I want to, I'm still thinking about it because it's that's a big commitment um then you don't not really sure about it for now. Um
But I have two friends that are finishing their counseling degrees now and I think that's pretty awesome. I really like like education has its issues but like counseling is always needed. Yeah.
No. Mhm.
are you working from home over there? Are the kids in school?
Well
And
then how do they determine, well the kids being in school, how do they determine which ones will need counseling? Was it just from ones that were ongoing from last year?
No.
Thank
you.
Well it was a really weird um year just for a like especially in kindergarten for it to be there first. Yeah and it's like that and they don't read and they don't like a lot of it was just wild, it just wasn't,
I was teaching in the spring.
We went virtual, it
was just like it all happened so fast,
it was hard to get set up. Um and then yeah just like that it was over and we're starting and we were like starting a new year and they were asking me back and I was like I I don't think I'm doing this now.
Yeah, I was at a charter school for most, for most of the years I was teaching, yep, but you know the charter schools are interesting because a lot of them from what I heard they got some of that funding that was for small businesses or just any business and
the public city schools, they didn't really, they weren't allowed to use that money. So a lot of charter schools data open up in september with really great
ways to like separate and keep them better, but that's because they had that extra funding and then just the public schools were
a bit of a mess with that, but it just wasn't really fair to them that they weren't able
to have access to more money to make things like say
for as
far as social distance for
the kids.
What?
Yeah, I stayed I've been in the I was in New York for about like 20, like we moved there when I was 10 and then I just stayed there the whole time, high school, college graduate school. I did it all there.
Yeah, I don't think I am either, but I also wonder how small I could go. Like I had this sudden idea that like, I'd love to move to Alaska or something like that, like basically live like on in a homestead or just be off on. But I wonder if like, that could really ever happened because I've been living in the city for most
of my life, so. Mhm. It
was
um I think I miss just my favorite spots to get like food, I don't know since like, you know, you have your favorite like smoothie spot, your place where you get your bagel and you just, I'm just very particular about like how I like my things. So that's what I miss the most of my friends. That's about it though. Like you said like the city changed so much that some things that you would miss weren't even being done anymore. So
yeah, it's super nice out here. It doesn't get too um cold in north Carolina either. Right?
please. I know they have really nice beaches out there like.
And what
about the holidays, are you going to go home?
Um I think everybody comes out here. Um we have a really, really big family, so there's a lot of family in new york and there's just as much family here. So this everybody is just kind of separate. But my little sister is coming to just to visit me, so I did about that because I missed her. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, we used to live together out there.
Yeah, I begged her to come with me. I was like, I can't do this without you, please. But she just wouldn't go. I mean she's a little younger, so it's like when I was in my twenties
wall, not that much older than 2029
it's like fun and you just want to get like all the see all the things and go here or so. That's like, I can see why she wouldn't want to leave that
she's four years younger than me. Yeah.
Um We have an older sister that lives in new york. My young my younger brother lives here and then My mom remarried and had my little siblings, my little siblings. They're like kids. So they're like 11 and 12. Yeah. But we didn't grow up like with them. So I mean, I I see them, but we don't have like that sibling chemist.
How about you? You have one border you said.
Uh huh. Let's see. So what are your plans this weekend?
Um Not much going on either. I said some yoga in the backyard or going to watch like some sports. I've watched like Emma at night. Oh
yeah,
that's basically it.
Um I have a subscription to an app, it's called Down Dog. I don't know if you've heard of it? Um it's super cheap, it's like $8. It's really good. Um
I used to go to the studio, I went for like two years and that was great and then um it was just really expensive like like 150 a month And I was like, that's a lot. I
love it, but it's a lot and I try to map out for only $8. Like I got a lot better at yoga too.
It's really good
in one.
All those
like fitness classes are very expensive.
I know, it's hard, it's really hard. I used to be able to do it like when I was younger I got at home and like, I just liked that there weren't people around me, but one thing I used to going to a gym or going somewhere else, like it's hard to go back to doing it at home. We're going to try like the pell itan um once because they have
like the, you know classes, right?
And
It's like, do you pay if you buy a pelton, do you have to also have a subversion
to their mood?
Mhm.
Yeah, that, that was like the major thing like back in new york. I was like, it's hard to get any apartment with, we sent space, let alone backyards or anything like that. And I was just like, God, I can't believe we're here. And like you don't even have anywhere to even like sit down on the grass without like going to a park where tons of people who had the same idea, we were just saying it was intense
um I moved in with my grandpa passed because they because they have a lot of space here, so I was like I guess I'll just land there and see what else happens afterwards. Yeah, I'm working from home for like um customer service, so like working from home mm while I figure something else up. Oh
warm.
You know
I'm not.
Um
By the way, is this gonna turn off like at 25 minutes or?
God yeah.
Do you
have?
So what um college football team do you
like follow?
I've
watched
football but I never get into like the college football like.
Yeah, I just watched and I try like I try but it just seems like I don't know like it's the
games. A few games that I've watched were just like strange, like weird things were happy and I was like, this is nothing like NFL I'm
not watch
one. Mhm.
The
Bronx
and
Well
anything nice. Yeah,
we're not good this year but I like Hamler. That's awesome.
What?
That's pretty cool. Oh
wow, good luck with the school year. Hang in
Thank you. Bye.