Taylor. Can you hear me?
You said Nadia,
meet me tell So having done this before.
Yeah.
Oh gosh. Um I started on this website probably like a year ago and that this is probably like my fifth or sixth of these video things. Um I think I did my first one like back in March and they've been, they open up a few every so often suit before. You can only do like four and now I think you can do six of them. Um But I love prolific because I feel like it's a great way to make Quite funny. How did you discover that website?
One.
Yeah. I've probably made like $600 on prolific over this year. I mean it's like you said it's easy and it's nice that you can cash out like $5 or um I love it. I definitely recommend it to my friends. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. So where are you located? Are you on the east or west coast or?
So
that
I am in North Carolina is at 1:00
in an airplane right now.
Okay. Is are there like different regions in Arizona? Like some are three hours different from the east coast and summer too.
But
no. Really?
I
wonder, I didn't realize that places in the United States didn't participate in daylight savings.
Yeah. How long have you lived in Arizona for?
Oh my gosh. In the middle of the pack like.
And
now,
Do you
have
any
friends
or
family there?
All right.
Still
North Carolina. Now I moved here last spring for graduate school. So I'm originally from pennsylvania. I lived there for my whole life up until last year.
Lancaster.
about an hour and a half from Philly um About like an hour and 20 minutes from Baltimore and like three hours from Pittsburgh, 34 hours
to get to all the big cities, but you're kind of removed from it, but I know a lot of my friends in new york city, they were kind of contemplating if they wanted to resign their least if they wanted to move somewhere else because I think that is just so different there right now.
Thank you, I like it. Um But I was in a accelerated master's degree program, so it was, I didn't really get to explore it last year because
of that. Um and now obviously this year a lot of things are closed and so it's, I still haven't really had a chance to explore and get to see everything that has to offer.
Ah so I don't know, I I want to end up back home eventually but for now it's kind of I'm young I'm not tied down so I can
can be here. Yeah. Yeah it's about 6/7 hours. So it's not it's not terrible but definitely wasn't as big of a move as you made.
So I went to school for school counselling and now I work as a middle school counselor. Yeah.
What?
gosh.
Are you teaching now
you
know?
So you kind of exploring your options out there you know it's probably hard right now. I don't know how many places are hiring versus I don't know that.
Do you have any ideas of things you might want to do?
huh.
What?
carry on.
Yeah.
100%. I think a lot of people probably are speaking out counseling this year, so
I, the kids are not in school. Um So I go into my school about like two days a week. Um but we don't have to go in right now, the kids are supposed to return in january. I don't know what that will look like after the holidays. I kind of don't think that they'll be coming back. Um North Carolina has like the highest amount of cases today, then it has this entire time. So
I kind of find it hard to believe that they'll return, but the expectation is that we'll be back in the building in january. Yeah, so I don't know, it's weird, it's just weird to do counseling from my room and not have met these students in person, so just working
what?
No, so like if parents reach out and say, hey, my kids really struggling this year, things like that. Um Yes, it's definitely, it looks a little different. I work a lot with the teachers and
kids who aren't logging into classes and things like that because that's a major problem. Kids are telling their parents they're logging on and they're not okay,
but
I I can't buy them being a teacher right now. So you probably took a break at a good time.
Were you pooping in the spring when this all started?
And then did you guys virtual?
my gosh.
You know.
You come? Yeah. So where you at? I know like in new york city they have a lot of, I don't know if they're called like charter schools there. Were you in like a public school? Private school?
I am.
Yeah.
What?
what?
I
can't
definitely,
Did
you get your Master's degree? Was that in new york city or did you do that? Okay.
Uh huh. Yeah, a few of my good friends moved there after undergrad and they really like it there, I'm not a big city person, so I don't think I could do too well in the city.
complete.
What
do you think, what do you miss most about new york?
Yeah, and the weather probably will be a nice difference for you as we move into the winter,
It's been lake, oh my gosh, it was 80 here last week, like in the seventies, it's been really warm. We had a wedding last weekend and I think it was like 78 degrees and we didn't know you know when we were looking for addresses and stuff, We were like, what the heck do we wear to a november outdoor wedding? But it was so warm out. Um But I wasn't really here at all in the spring because of everything with Covid. I went back to pennsylvania, so it'll be interesting to experience a spring here because the summer is pretty hot and humid, but but I can't complain about this fall weather right now, it's pretty nice. So
yeah, I haven't, well I was in Wilmington for the wedding but I didn't get a chance to go to the beach, but yeah,
definitely.
Mhm. Yes, so I will actually fly home next saturday. Um I booked my flights when everything was kind of calm and now I'm a little service about flying. Um But it's like a six a.m. Flight and the tickets are still $60 so it looks like no one's going to be on it with me. Um So I'll go home and spend it with my parents and my brother and sister along my nieces and then we'll drive to their house for christmas. So we have a small family which makes it a little less inner racking. What about you? And what are your plans?
huh.
New york.
Oh and then you abandon her and you you moved out west?
What?
And
What's your age difference with her?
And do you guys have any other siblings?
What?
Yes, yep. He is seven years older and he lives in Ohio, so they're about like five hours from my hometown. Um But it's funny that your family is either in Arizona or new york, you know two opposite ends of the nation. That's funny.
Honestly not a whole lot of anything. I was watching college football today and I think I'll run my errands tomorrow, start packing to go home. What about you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you do like yoga like youtube videos or do you have like a fitness subscription somewhere?
Yeah.
personally.
True.
We've been talking about that, I live with two of my friends and we went to a studio, it's called a. K. T. I think it's new, I'm not sure if you've ever heard of it, but it's kind of like dance and cardio and it's like 100 and 80 160 $80 a month. And we were like that is insane. Like that's a crazy amount of money to spend.
Yeah. So I don't know. I've and like club Pilates same type of thing. $160 a month. Like it's just a lot of money.
And then
mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I really like cycling. But the cycling studio by us has been closed since March. So anxiously awaiting them to open back up. Because I need that in my life. I can't work out at home.
I
I would love to do that if I had the money. I also, we live in an apartment. So there's not a whole lot of space. If I was at my house house, I would definitely invest in one. Um Because I think that would be great. I could easily do that every
day. So maybe one day when I marry rich, I can afford a pellet and I don't know we'll see it's not in the budget right now. I.
Thanks.
So I think I know that they have a subscription, I think it's like $40 a month. Um and then you're paying like $2,000 for the bike. You probably could pay for a subscription for like a different cycling Service, but regardless you're probably paying $30 or $40 a month. Um just for that stuff and I know they have like yoga and other classes built into, so I think it probably is a good investment um if you can afford it But I just I can't justify spending like $160 a month on site because I want a variety of workouts. I don't just want to be tied to like one thing. Yeah. No
but I didn't take up yoga again. Yeah, it's nice that you can do it in your backyard.
I believe it's probably better for your mental health to be out there and have more space. So did you move by yourself or did you have someone move with you? Yeah.
but that's nice that you're kind of hopefully can save money living with them and you decide where you want to live or if you want to rent. Um So
well that's nice. It's so nice that you have family there and that, you know,
you had kind
of you and. Okay.
Mhm.
No, but we will just close out of it when it gets to 425 and then go back to that screen that you were on before and then you answer like 10 minutes worth of questions. Okay
Yeah so
this
is actually the second one I've done this week. I did one probably on like Wednesday or thursday and then I think you probably get the money like tomorrow so it's kind of nice get out paycheck. Mhm.
thanks.
That's a sore subject um Penn State but they are terrible this year so I'm very depressed so
and
I missed.
You're like NFL.
but
But
funny.
I prefer college to NFL. I enjoyed NFL but who is your NFL team?
Do
you like the
broncos? We had two players from Penn State who now play for the broncos KJ Hamler and Dijon Hamilton. They're both wide receivers. KJ.
Hard
Yeah.
and I think that's something that's really cool as a college fan to like watch all of your players end up in the NFL then because then you can support the broncos, like I'm a Steelers fan, but I can cheer on the broncos or the Giants and whoever
our players play for. So that's it's pretty cool.
Uh when I see that it's 425, so I will let you get on with your day. But it was nice to meet you. I hope that you have a safe holiday season um and enjoy your time with your sister.
Thank you. Good luck in your job search. I hope that you're able to to find something that you enjoy