SPEAKER_L: Mhm, wow. Sometimes it takes, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: very good.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I was like okay let me set up the camera and make sure there's not too much light, not too little light. Yeah. Mhm. Alright so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: 25 minutes starting now, let's go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So where are you coming from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from California in the san Francisco bay area.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, awesome. Is that where you are now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Portland Oregon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Is it safe where you are?
SPEAKER_L: No, it's not. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't know if you've been following the news with all those federal agents coming in. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I know who came in, I know there was a lot of you know food footage online that looked like it was from you know the Gaza Strip or something,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: just, what's crazy is that you could be actively kidnapped and you'd be like, am I being kidnapped or if I'd be like, technically detained, you're just like, oh,
SPEAKER_R: Like what
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: what is it, a protocol on that? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Like do you call the police, are they the police? We don't know.
SPEAKER_R: We don't know how.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Both sides for that. The covid is going up. You guys are really,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. We're rocking it, rocking it. That's not something, you know, it's not a list that you want to be a top 10 on. It's
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: not anything it's just but it's scary you know? I think people are just kind of throwing caution to the wind and it's just so so upsetting, but on the other hand, you know, it's like you finally want to get out, you just want to feel normal.
SPEAKER_L: that's the problem. It's like, okay, we did it now, we're done right? And it's like, no, no, no, we're
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: worse than we started it. But it's been what? Like my jobs, we went home in March, but I think you guys closed earlier down in the Bay area.
SPEAKER_R: We uh on us, it was March 17, actually. Yeah, so that's when we kind of that was the issue from our governor is like, all right, shut down. And then for me and my job, I work in healthcare, um my job, we were not allowed to come back until June 1st, so pretty much that whole time. You're just home baking bread, you know, that's that's all
SPEAKER_L: I baked a lot of bread.
SPEAKER_R: Did you did you big red before though?
SPEAKER_L: so I hadn't been wanting to try baking bread for a while because it doesn't look that hard, and I was like, oh, wouldn't it be great to have bread? And then I had a friend who had some starter dough um so the sourdough starter, so I tried it and I baked a few loaves and then I realized that I'm not very good at it and I should just buy it from professionals because like it was fine, but You know, $7, you can get like a very nice loaf of sourdough bread from a professional. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: and they look pretty too uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: instagram was so full of all these people baking bread and I'm like, I can do that, but uh and I think I just didn't care enough because I don't know if you've ever read the directions of sour dough. I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: have not. It's
SPEAKER_R: not I'm not a fan of sour dough, so I didn't look that way when I was taking, I kind of looked at just basic, I guess what they call, you know the basic artisan bread, you know the flower you've kind of done with it in a day, There's no culture there, you really need to upkeep um because I don't enjoy that sour taste, not like not at all, but for me, the biggest thing is for the first, I would say three weeks, I couldn't even find flour. Then I found flower and then up until a month and a half ago, I did not have yeast And when I got the east, I got them from my parents and they got him about 10 years ago at Costco boat back. They're like, well we kept them in the fridge this whole time, you know, just activate them beforehand just to make sure to see if they're alive or not. So I was kind of for a couple of weeks, I was baking initially before the East at all. I was baking uh no yeast bread, which is on based on buttercream. So you kind of like really sour and you know, it was kind of like a really, it's called irish soda bread, so it uses Yeah, so it's really, you know, really sick dense type of bread, which was nice because for me, I like the idea that I made something that's edible, it's enjoyable, but it's not the bread I normally look for, you know, so I was like, all right, I gotta you know, that's when I talked to my parents, they're like, okay, we have this yeast and might be old. Give it a try. Finally got it. And that yeast was not, it was just barely limping. Like it was in hospice for the last nine years. It's really, really bad, bad. So I tried a couple of, he used to bread recipes with the bag east and I was like, well, okay, it's better, but it's definitely not what I'm looking for. And then about two weeks ago I finally found fresh yeast and I made my bread and it's the best thing ever.
SPEAKER_L: Game changer.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. I mean, I'm not a huge bread either, I just eat it for like breakfast, that's about it. But there's just for me, again, it's the idea that I made this and I experimented with it and I, you know, tried all these things and I finally got it, you know, like a sense of accomplishment for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the smell of freshly baked bread, it's crazy because it's like you put it in and it's all like floppy and you're like, I hope, and then you watch it and it goes and you're like, it's happening.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that was, that was so, I normally don't really, you know, post anything or I'm not really a person that takes pictures of food or anything, but the first time I was baking with the good Geest, you know, I mixed them in and I'm like, oh my god, they're rising, then I mixed in the flour, you know, the next thing and I'm like, wow, look at that are like tripled in size, I'm like taking pictures of this whole thing, it was just very, very exciting, just how it changes in front of you, you know? It's
SPEAKER_L: I want, I wonder if so many of us were baking bread just because it's something you can control because it's like everything is just such a mess and you're like, okay, well, I know I have the ingredients and mix them together. Maybe it works.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. I think so, I think there's that's a good observation, I do think that I think is just people needed to, you know, to do something, something that's quite basic, you know, bread, you know, we're not talking about like, you know, a creme brulee or something, We're talking bread, it's just something basic that you're able to, to see it to nurture it, you know, maybe, especially people who have dealt with sour dough, you know, you're kind of like a Yamaguchi, you know, it's like, you gotta feed it, you got to take care of, you gotta make sure you do this and keep it in the light, so I I think that's a great way to look at it. It's just something controllable, something that you're accomplishing, you know? For sure. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: and then you get to eat it and feel very proud of yourself. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: sure.
SPEAKER_L: the sour dough, like on the one hand, it started getting really hot and so I didn't want
SPEAKER_R: better,
SPEAKER_L: to turn my oven because you had to preheat your oven for like an hour and a half And then to like 500.
SPEAKER_R: Empty oven for an hour and a half,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because you had to put you're baking pan in there two preheat and then you put the sour dough in and then you leave it for like five minutes and you turn it way down. So I get like the crust on it, but it was like getting too hot to do that. And then I was sick of it sitting in my fridge taking up room and I'm like okay, goodbye. But I like the idea of just doing like a regular, like what do you say? Like an artisan white bread?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what they call it online, like it's just the regular one, like for me, you know, my first one, I would say took me probably the whole day because also because the yeast weren't that good, so no, but once the yeast were good and active, he was such a fast process. I mean, relatively fast, like you know the first rise was 40 minutes. Then you you know kind of beat out the air from it, you shape it, put it in for the second rise which is another 40 minutes and then you bake it for another 45 50 minute.
SPEAKER_L: It's not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Not at all, no, not at all. So it wasn't and it wasn't messy. Like I found a recipe where you didn't really have to get all messy in the dough. Like the lady who initially when I first watched the video, I'm like there's no way this is going to work. So the lady has like you know these long nails, you know acrylic nails like five rings and she's like and initially like how the heck is she gonna be knitting the dough with it or mixing up the dough in the water? She does everything with like a spoon and I like this is not going to work and I did it just the way she did it in the Youtube video and it worked out, it's just like there's knitting for five seconds before after the first rise and the second rise. And at that point you're using so much flour that it did nothing really sticks to you. It's just magical.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds good. So are you considering going into like a whole wheat territory or like adding in things?
SPEAKER_R: You know? Good questions. So because for like for example for a long time before I got the east, I was making that irish soda bread. Um That one I did start modifying after a little bit and what I would do um one time I added like walnuts, you know another time I added like some flower seeds to it. Um And it's still everything was regular with regular white um flower but just kind of additives. Uh One time I made it with jalapenos, which was
SPEAKER_L: Was it good?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, surprisingly, you know, it's just like a surprise spicy kick once in a while, you know? But the white bread I I don't I don't know, I actually when I used to buy bread from like my breakfast and buy it at a store, I would just buy regular sliced whole week, right, But for this baking, I don't know, I haven't I haven't really thought about it,
SPEAKER_L: I think it's harder. Like I remember looking into it because I also buy whole wheat bread and I was like oh like maybe I'll try to do this and then it is more complicated, you have to need it more because I think the gluten structure, I mean, I don't know, but
SPEAKER_R: I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: um and you're just like you know what, it's like the dial and the white bread. That's good. Then you can buy the other things because there's this one bakery near me that makes it like a seven grain bread and so it's really dense and it's like all this chewy stuff in there and I was like even buying the ingredients to this would be so expensive for me, it's like we'll let you buy them all in your bulk and you'll make these huge batches of bread and when I want that bread I'll get it from you. Like stay in my little like I can do
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: this hanging
SPEAKER_R: day. Yeah. No
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: and it actually and you're right, that's a good point because the white bread, you know, for me, honestly I went to Walmart and I bought the £5 flour bag Which was I think like $4 or something and every and then I use 1/10 of it every time, so about 500 you know? Uh And then the yeast packet is about 90 cents, you know? So it's like a batch of bread that lasts me for over a week and a half is pennies on the dollar, you know? And so far the novelty of it being made by me and you know and the fact that it works so far it works you know? Probably at some point might wear off and I'll look into either experimenting or going back to the way it was. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So do you are you still working from home now?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um No so when because so I work in a dental office. Um And so during the shutdown we would come in like for urgent care, not even urging like emergency situations, like person would like severe pain like uncontrollable swelling, you know? So we would come in once in a while. Like legally were able to do that June one we actually went back to the office like normal. Yeah so we're back to to our regular schedule and doing everything. We're doing like regular.
SPEAKER_L: So that means that you're having to spend your day breaking the bread on the weekends? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean even even before that it was a part time job so now that I'm back it's still the same part time. I work in two separate offices and one of them was not able to come back financially. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they they it's kind of interesting because in order for a dental office to be able to come back there are certain guidelines that OSHA mandates that C. D. C. Mandates that um you know our county our state there's just a lot of different things you have to do to be able to come back. Um The one office my primary office um they were willing to invest the time the effort. You know me and another person were kind of the team that really organized it, made sure that we're able to have everything we needed to come back. So as soon as they lead us, june 1st, we were able to come back, you know, no problem. We were ready set up. Everything was good to go the other office. I think they didn't take it seriously in the beginning and they didn't take it seriously when they had time to like during the quarantine, there
SPEAKER_L: You had three
SPEAKER_R: was like
SPEAKER_L: months.
SPEAKER_R: two months to shop for and 95 masks, but they didn't do it. So on june 1st when we got the go ahead, they weren't able to come back because they didn't have the, all the things that were mandated to be able to do it safely. And because of that, they didn't feel safe and I didn't feel safe working. Their patients knew it. So patients are not scheduling because they're scared. Which I totally get they're they're not really back, you know, and I don't know if they will or they're not. So it's interesting. It's an interesting development.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it's crazy because I mean I don't know much about dental offices but I assume that they make a lot of money per patient because like, you know, only so many people even have dental insurance, so you're just getting the cash, so I'm sorry. So are they still like they're still paying their lease fees like they're still there? They haven't closed but there's not open. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's tricky because it's like during those two or three months we weren't making any money but we were spending a lot of money. The other thing to consider, it's not like we were making any money in dentistry because you deal a lot with insurances. So let's say you do a procedure on the monday, it doesn't mean you get paid for it on a monday. It means that you will get paid it maybe next week, maybe next month and maybe somewhere else. So to a certain degree during that time, I guess what kept us floating as those insurance companies because they were finally, We were catching up to what they were supposed to pay for us. So it wasn't like a 00 type of production, like we weren't making anything new, we're just getting paid for what we did before but it kind of it was okay, you know my point, you know the main thing is the ability to come back you know and there's a small business um there are a lot of you know those P. Pp. Loans and all that stuff that our financial manager was able to get for us so they kind of kept us afloat you know but definitely coming back it's it's more difficult. I got to tell you though it's just it's especially in dentistry because a lot of the people you deal with, they don't want to be their
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: their their work. Yeah and before you know when you can show them your face you can come in you can talk to them, you can you know you can calm them down. You can you know kind of be on their level type of thing and really communicate with them and now you can't really do that you're
SPEAKER_L: See.
SPEAKER_R: hitting hidden behind a face shield and three masks and you know there's like a air purifier in the corner and a hole in room section that sections up all the aerosols and whatever. It's just it's tricky. It's really tricky.
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: morning.
SPEAKER_L: I mean you know you guys are just like right there and just but where the germs come from.
SPEAKER_R: we're ground zero. We really are and
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: mean we're getting in there and we're to the to the most infected space and we're putting a bunch of aerosols in there that spreads it around. Yeah. So and that's the thing because that that that thought is in the back of your mind all the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you feel like safe going in or is it more
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: to?
SPEAKER_R: safe because we not only did we do the minimum what was required, we went above and beyond and for us it is for us it was a mental thing that we were doing everything that's available on the market. And we actually got some stuff that, you know, just barely gets released. You know, and we're trying everything that we can and that has helped tremendously. You know? Yeah, it's in the back of your head of course. But you know, when you're doing the best that you can with the most, you know, stuff that's available, what else are you gonna do in him? And I think that has to do a lot with the wealth. I think the fact that our patients are came back with the same regularly regularity. It's kind of a testament to that because the whole before the whole, before we open the office, maybe a couple of days beforehand we sent it we sent out a letter saying all right here's here are all the things that we are doing to keep us and you safe and our patients when they come in. You know they first of all they after reading the letter everybody showed up. Yeah. It's not like we we didn't get cancellations. You know the first week we had we were at 80% of our previous schedule at
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: point.
SPEAKER_L: like cleanings and like standard stuff,
SPEAKER_R: Everything everything yeah, cleanings, fillings, root canals, everything. And at this point you know about two months after the fact we're you know we're at 100% capacity. We're doing the same things. And what was what is surprising keeps surprising me is how patients notice that and how grateful they are you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it's hard. I was thinking because I have a cleaning coming up and I don't know if I'm gonna cancel it or not but going the dentist is always something that you're constantly putting off. And so there must have been like a huge amount of people that were just like, okay, I'm gonna schedule and next week like I have to do and then it's like boom done and now it's like four months later like okay, I have to go now,
SPEAKER_R: There's
SPEAKER_L: you know, like my temporary
SPEAKER_R: no excuses anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's good. You guys probably did a really good job like letting people know all the things you were doing because I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: mean.
SPEAKER_R: think realistically a lot of I mean yes of course we're doing it for the patients but a lot of it it may sound selfish. I don't think it's selfish but we were doing a lot of it for us for our state of mind to because you think about it were the highest risk in one. You know, we're exposed to potential risk eight hours or nine hours out of the day. And when we got to a point where we all of us reasonable educated healthcare providers felt that we're good. You know with a lot of knowledge and scientists for whatever was available at the time. Of course we don't know much but for what we know, you know, we're like all right. These are educated decisions that we all feel comfortable. So you know, it's kind of a lot of it. While do we feel comfortable coming back and at some point? Yeah. We are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And people definitely would be able to tell if you guys weren't comfortable and then that would really make it uncomfortable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. What
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: do you do you work from home? Are you able to work from
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: home?
SPEAKER_L: I actually I work for a medical consultant company. Um So what we do, so I'm a writer for them. Um But
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: what we do is we work with a lot of like audiologists and like ear nose and throat doctors and we'll go in and like fix their practices and so like you know
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: not not necessarily hospital based people just maybe like
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: individuals.
SPEAKER_L: yeah we have a few hospitals but it's mostly like small local places. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like you know bob's hearing aid office, uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we'd go in and be like, okay well you need a website, you need to do this, you need to change all this, you get more patients. But um so we're now working mostly remote um since March. But it was pretty
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: touch and go for a while because you know during that whole time everyone close all of our members across country closed and we were still working because you know everyone had to update all their messaging and being like, you know we're closed blah blah blah. But then no one was paying us because no one had any patients. So I mean like the same thing with you is like my company got that PPC money and we We did we furloughed for two weeks in there but we got with that $600 it was pretty fine. And then I got a week off so I was like sure um now people are bouncing back and you know having people come in but like I personally like like we make a lot of our money on hearing aids and like that's kind of like dental where like you can put that off for a very long time like even though you need it you know it's not your heart so you can so easy to convince yourself that like I don't need to go in and so like they are doing this a lot of practices are doing the same thing where they're sending out these letters like we're safe, we're clean, We're doing all this, but it just seems like such an unnecessary service that you ah
SPEAKER_R: in relative terms to where we are. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like everything disaster. And then it's like, I don't know, should you get a hearing test?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you want to hear that police coming or that you know? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: my gosh. Are
SPEAKER_L: crazy
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: world.
SPEAKER_R: pretty, so a lot of the Portland stuff is kind of happening as I understand in downtown like the courthouse area. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, fortunately, I'm not near that so safely in my home over
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: there. Um But yeah, it's like, you'll hear like police sirens and stuff for a lot of the day. Uh huh. It's crazy. It's just
SPEAKER_R: Are you um but you guys are, I'm assuming like we are like you're no longer like shelter in place and things are starting to return to normal and
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: it's like everything's starting to return to normal and then all the numbers are going up and so it's like, is it just a matter of time before they're like, okay, we'll try that again. What is what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: they should do?
SPEAKER_R: I think it probably has to do with the fact that we just don't know enough about this and we, a lot of them are doing the best that we can. You know, just like I mentioned about our job, it's like we're doing the best we can with the information that we have. And but the concern is that that we know that's not enough because we just don't know a lot but also you know, people don't follow a lot of stuff. So. Uh huh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I there was a yeah, they're kind of ruining it for everyone else,
SPEAKER_R: for sure. Well
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I hope you stay safe both from the virus and from all the driving downtown.
SPEAKER_L: You too. This was a very delightful 25 minutes. Uh
SPEAKER_R: was sure was. It's always nice to talk to somebody fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right, well, you have a good one.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye bye.