Mhm, wow. Sometimes it takes, yeah.
Can you hear me? Perfect.
Thanks.
So
So where are you coming from?
Oh, awesome. Is that where you are now?
I'm in Portland Oregon. Yeah.
No, it's not. Yeah.
So I don't know if you've been following the news with all those federal agents coming in. Yes.
It's
just, what's crazy is that you could be actively kidnapped and you'd be like, am I being kidnapped or if I'd be like, technically detained, you're just like, oh,
that's
fine.
Like do you call the police, are they the police? We don't know.
Yeah. Both sides for that. The covid is going up. You guys are really,
Now
that's the problem. It's like, okay, we did it now, we're done right? And it's like, no, no, no, we're
worse than we started it. But it's been what? Like my jobs, we went home in March, but I think you guys closed earlier down in the Bay area.
I baked a lot of bread.
so I hadn't been wanting to try baking bread for a while because it doesn't look that hard, and I was like, oh, wouldn't it be great to have bread? And then I had a friend who had some starter dough um so the sourdough starter, so I tried it and I baked a few loaves and then I realized that I'm not very good at it and I should just buy it from professionals because like it was fine, but You know, $7, you can get like a very nice loaf of sourdough bread from a professional. Uh huh.
Yeah, but
instagram was so full of all these people baking bread and I'm like, I can do that, but uh and I think I just didn't care enough because I don't know if you've ever read the directions of sour dough. I
have not. It's
Game changer.
Yeah. And the smell of freshly baked bread, it's crazy because it's like you put it in and it's all like floppy and you're like, I hope, and then you watch it and it goes and you're like, it's happening.
I want, I wonder if so many of us were baking bread just because it's something you can control because it's like everything is just such a mess and you're like, okay, well, I know I have the ingredients and mix them together. Maybe it works.
and then you get to eat it and feel very proud of yourself. Yes,
the sour dough, like on the one hand, it started getting really hot and so I didn't want
to turn my oven because you had to preheat your oven for like an hour and a half And then to like 500.
Yeah, because you had to put you're baking pan in there two preheat and then you put the sour dough in and then you leave it for like five minutes and you turn it way down. So I get like the crust on it, but it was like getting too hot to do that. And then I was sick of it sitting in my fridge taking up room and I'm like okay, goodbye. But I like the idea of just doing like a regular, like what do you say? Like an artisan white bread?
It's not too bad.
Yeah, that sounds good. So are you considering going into like a whole wheat territory or like adding in things?
Was it good?
I think it's harder. Like I remember looking into it because I also buy whole wheat bread and I was like oh like maybe I'll try to do this and then it is more complicated, you have to need it more because I think the gluten structure, I mean, I don't know, but
um and you're just like you know what, it's like the dial and the white bread. That's good. Then you can buy the other things because there's this one bakery near me that makes it like a seven grain bread and so it's really dense and it's like all this chewy stuff in there and I was like even buying the ingredients to this would be so expensive for me, it's like we'll let you buy them all in your bulk and you'll make these huge batches of bread and when I want that bread I'll get it from you. Like stay in my little like I can do
this hanging
Because
So do you are you still working from home now?
So that means that you're having to spend your day breaking the bread on the weekends? Okay.
wow.
You had three
months.
Yeah. Well it's crazy because I mean I don't know much about dental offices but I assume that they make a lot of money per patient because like, you know, only so many people even have dental insurance, so you're just getting the cash, so I'm sorry. So are they still like they're still paying their lease fees like they're still there? They haven't closed but there's not open. Okay,
interesting.
No.
See.
I can't imagine
because
I mean you know you guys are just like right there and just but where the germs come from.
So
are
do you feel like safe going in or is it more
like
you have
to?
Even
for
like cleanings and like standard stuff,
Yeah. Well it's hard. I was thinking because I have a cleaning coming up and I don't know if I'm gonna cancel it or not but going the dentist is always something that you're constantly putting off. And so there must have been like a huge amount of people that were just like, okay, I'm gonna schedule and next week like I have to do and then it's like boom done and now it's like four months later like okay, I have to go now,
you know, like my temporary
Yeah. So that's good. You guys probably did a really good job like letting people know all the things you were doing because I
mean.
Yeah. And people definitely would be able to tell if you guys weren't comfortable and then that would really make it uncomfortable.
well
so
I actually I work for a medical consultant company. Um So what we do, so I'm a writer for them. Um But
what we do is we work with a lot of like audiologists and like ear nose and throat doctors and we'll go in and like fix their practices and so like you know
like
well
yeah we have a few hospitals but it's mostly like small local places. Um So
like you know bob's hearing aid office, uh
we'd go in and be like, okay well you need a website, you need to do this, you need to change all this, you get more patients. But um so we're now working mostly remote um since March. But it was pretty
touch and go for a while because you know during that whole time everyone close all of our members across country closed and we were still working because you know everyone had to update all their messaging and being like, you know we're closed blah blah blah. But then no one was paying us because no one had any patients. So I mean like the same thing with you is like my company got that PPC money and we We did we furloughed for two weeks in there but we got with that $600 it was pretty fine. And then I got a week off so I was like sure um now people are bouncing back and you know having people come in but like I personally like like we make a lot of our money on hearing aids and like that's kind of like dental where like you can put that off for a very long time like even though you need it you know it's not your heart so you can so easy to convince yourself that like I don't need to go in and so like they are doing this a lot of practices are doing the same thing where they're sending out these letters like we're safe, we're clean, We're doing all this, but it just seems like such an unnecessary service that you ah
like everything disaster. And then it's like, I don't know, should you get a hearing test?
Oh,
crazy
world.
Yeah, fortunately, I'm not near that so safely in my home over
there. Um But yeah, it's like, you'll hear like police sirens and stuff for a lot of the day. Uh huh. It's crazy. It's just
then
it's like everything's starting to return to normal and then all the numbers are going up and so it's like, is it just a matter of time before they're like, okay, we'll try that again. What is what
I think
they should do?
I there was a yeah, they're kind of ruining it for everyone else,
but
You too. This was a very delightful 25 minutes. Uh
Yeah. All right, well, you have a good one.