Gallery toe.
Well
it's official now our
now,
all
sudden your screens a little dark,
did
you show off a light?
Not much. Mm. It was good at 1st. And then all of a sudden it was like he closed the shade or something. That's okay. It's fine. What do we do?
Yeah. Mhm. It's cool. Nice to meet you peter. I'm Jack, I'm also in the new york area. Um,
I see on your back wall there's something for the jackals. Who? The jackals? Yeah.
Okay. So it's like a single A level or like rookie ball.
Yeah.
Okay. It was the first time I saw that, that team names, I was like, I'm not familiar with this guy's from, but you said you from new york originally, you just go to school in new york. Yeah.
okay. And did you grow up around there or? Mhm,
I'm from massachusetts originally, but I moved to new york um Like two years ago, No, so
commission,
I'm slightly older than you, Financial services.
yeah.
No, mhm. It's a bank out. Try to keep it as vague as possible for
you know, I get
it, I get it. Have
you done these chats before with people?
how does it go?
but
Yeah, that's good as they whatever told you, you look like miles teller, Yeah,
Do
you know who that is? Mhm,
I'm sure you recognize the face. He's an actor, yeah, mm,
Exactly.
It came out like 2014, thank you.
No, and he's gonna be, I guess he's starting the new Top Gun
movie with Tom Cruise. Yeah.
Yeah,
I
don't know when that's going to come out though with uh you know the pandemic? All the movies are getting pushed away back. Like I think James
Bond
was already
supposed
to come out in April or so and now it's I think 20, Okay.
I haven't heard
that.
I hope not. But then again, what's his name? Daniel Craig's getting old. This is the last one. Mm
I mean I'm sure it's good money. I don't blame them, but I've heard him say, I think at least two or three James Bond logo that you know, it's fucking pain in the ass, I don't know why I do this shit blah blah, you know like okay bro, just let someone else do it. I'm sure there's a million other british guys who would kill for that role. Oh
Mhm. Did you hear he just does
Well,
I mean he lived, he lived large and he made it to 90
so I'm sure. Yeah.
We? Mm hmm,
it wasn't related to Covid, was it?
I mean dropping like flies. I don't know what the numbers were today, but I think there were like
1200 yesterday. Yeah. And
so
with Covid, what are you guys doing at school? Is everything online or
call me?
We say some students like non architecture students or like?
Mhm. Mhm. And when did they like give you your schedule? Did they tell you the summer what it's gonna look like for the fall coming up?
mm,
And are you right now in like a dormer?
Do they,
of kids on campus? Okay.
What about partying? I remember, I mean I asked just because you know, like I said I'm from boston, I heard Northeastern had suspended or expelled a few students because they had like an off campus party. But like together with other students. Um
you
know, I don't know how you can really justify that sort of thing. Um People have to live their lives to a certain extent. Um So yeah, does your school have anything like that
but
not
on
campus?
Why?
What cast off?
Just
job.
And what's it look like in New Jersey? Just walking around the streets right now? Does everyone wearing masks or people not really into that sort of thing?
Look,
do
you go to like your library at all now?
Do they have limited capacity or anything like that? Yeah.
Before
you?
what?
I
never particularly liked the library because I felt like it was always a social gathering every time I went there. You think it would go to the library, study and you know, I pull up my little, my little desk and get my books or whatever.
And then you know, next thing, you know, there's like social hour everywhere you go. So I actually preferred to study in my own dorm room back in the day 20 years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah. How much time left do you have in school or you're a freshman sophomore?
And do architecture students usually get masters or do you go right to the workforce? How does that work? Yeah.
Yeah.
Courage.
Yeah.
What?
what's the certification process like when you come out of school or you're basically ready to take the test or is that more kind of like, you know, you get a job and they help you, they train you to prepare for that sort of test so you can become certified?
Me.
Can you take them back to back to back or do you have to space them out over like six months or something?
Mhm. And can you register for the, does it basically go all year round or is there, you know like uh it happens every year in March for example and then you can take again until the following March?
You'll
probably
have
to go into to new york to take that. Or can you, do they have other locations around New Jersey and pennsylvania and stuff like that?
Mhm. Is it much different the test itself, but
Okay. And just because you're from New Jersey, I was just thinking that's the Jersey Shore. What did people in New Jersey think of those people when that show was going on and maybe even still be going on? I'm not even sure.
quote unquote, really?
Girl.
Mm. Mhm. Mhm, mm,
And,
Of
course. Um and what actually constitutes the Jersey Shore? Is it basically the entire coastline of New Jersey?
Two,
it's
basically the entire coastline. Mhm
Written.
So who do you support for like NFL teams, are you a Jets Giants guy or would you go
more Philly?
Mhm. They've been better than the Jets.
mhm. Yeah. I mean for us it's easy, there are no choices. I just never understood how new Yorkers or you know, New Jersey people, um, how they determine if they're like Mets jets, Yankees giants, there seemed to be a million teams and it always seems arbitrary. Yeah. Mm.
What?
No.
No.
Mhm. Yeah. So I'm actually, my wife and I, we went to a couple of Mets games when I was
growing up going to Fenway, even back then it was like incredibly expensive to get a ticket. It's very hard because the tiny stadium, it's old. Um, and we, you know, before the pandemic obviously, um, just looking into like Yankees tickets. Mets tickets, whatever we don't care. Neither was from here anyway. So we went to the, we found mets tickets for like $7 and there was like nobody there. I couldn't believe it. Great time though, there in your stadium. Mhm.
Yeah.
And so do you support the nets now now that they moved over to Brooklyn?
Lakers?
The,
The
Okay. I respect that. That's fair.
what does he
have now like 5?
Because what you went to in Miami one in Cleveland Woman L. A. Mhm. Yeah. I mean he might get there. You might get that six. Mhm.
Yeah. How old is he now, like 35?
Uh, for the most part while I watch, which is um you know, fairly rare, I split the Celtics, it was great seeing them when um was back in like 2000 and 2009 because when I was growing up as a baby, they were good, but as long as I can remember, they were terrible. Same with the Bruins, same with the patriots, they're always terrible. Some of the red sox, they were good, but they could never be the Yankees and all of a sudden once the once the patriots won that first one, jesus, then boston became like title town became spoiled,
it's crazy. Yeah,
Um it's super weird seeing him in different colours. I'm glad to see him doing well. I was surprised, I didn't think he would, you know, new team, old man, but were they, I think they're five and to maybe six and two or something like that Um Mhm And he had a lousy first game but after that he looks good so hey get that money, that's
yep.
I
mean it's just hard because you have to be so lucky, you know he's super talented but you know like brady was on you know the best team with the best coach, everything kind of fell into place. Um Holmes has a talent for sure do it but you know he's gonna stay healthy. Um You know even for quarterbacks, what's the average life expectancy in the NFL only a couple of years,
so
he takes one, you know, it takes a hit like Alex smith and you know with that spiral fracture of his leg, I mean it could be over real quick.
Not
quite, yeah
woman,
but
they think this year they I think they're like two and four or five whatever the I don't even know it's been a weird year because I haven't
really been watching um So like I feel disconnected from everything I've been trying to but just weird.
Actually I think that's where over 25 I think we're good. Um
uh I guess we can just hang up and say our goodbyes.
meeting
you. Mhm.
That's
And I hope everything works out with your school and best of luck in the future. No.
Thanks.
All
you.