Yeah Yeah, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Right. On time. Oh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, how are you?
I'm alright, I'm alright, so uh I guess uh no actually mhm. The election just just just finished not
too long ago,
no, I mean like election
day, I mean they're still counting the ballots but
the whole massive,
that's a
little dark,
is that better?
okay. All right, well that's fine. Uh So yeah, so how I guess let's introduce ourselves. I'm peter uh I'm a student at college and I live in the new york metropolitan area uh studying architecture and let's see uh Yeah just basically that major is taking over my life. I spend so much time on it, it's crazy.
huh.
Uh There are local team for a for a college, there's like a baseball league there, so they play at the college and they're like they're like if you're familiar with the MLB, they're they're not they're not and will be team, they're not like they're not in the farm system but they're just like one below that
pretty much. Yeah like yeah I would say so they're they're not like triple A. Or double A. They're just they're just in a league of their own. They play with some uh french
teams, apparently some from Canada and whatnot. So I don't know it's been a long time since I've been there though.
I live in New Jersey, so I'm like like 30 minutes from the city.
I grew up Bradley like.
Yeah. Do you relocate
for work or just Denmark? Okay. Cool. Cool. What do you do?
I asked services. Okay.
So like working not at a bank or something.
Yeah. Yeah I'm not going to ask.
and
like
yeah I've done it like once or twice.
they went all right, one time I was doing them on my way from somewhere, I was like driving one of my family members, so
in the car like I had the phone like, like here, and I was like driving and it kept breaking up half the time, but somehow I got through it and it worked out, but it was like an interesting experience, you know?
No, nobody has told
me that
I'll look him up right now real quick.
from whiplash? Oh
now now now that I got it, how long ago was that movie?
Wow, there's only so it's not not that long ago.
Next.
cool,
that's cool.
I mean that's that's that's nice.
that's
true
that
you
yeah, I was just about to say about that new James Bond movie. Uh at least the that one song for like the main theme song came out. Like Billie Eilish I think
for
the movie it's it's a really like slow, slow moving piece. Like like I know James Bond pieces are supposed to be like or or Castro and whatnot, but this one is really slack, could probably sleep to it, you know? I don't know. Maybe that's how the movie is gonna be. But
Apparently he doesn't like doing James Bond apparently like he's just doing the money
Yeah. And like, I mean maybe he doesn't value it so much or maybe you just wanted to do one or 2 and then like leave, but like I think he's probably one of the best ones along with Sean Connery.
Yeah, I know RFP for because it's
terrible.
He
I mean no,
but we lost like an icon, you know with all the icons we've lost this year. Him too, you know, like Kobe.
I don't think so. Um I hope not because that would be terrible. That would be terrible.
Hi.
Yeah,
that's true.
For me, everything is online, but
some some students have it like there half the time in class and half the time doing it online.
Even some architecture students, it's really, really depends on what year you are if you're freshmen versus of your senior. Because at least at my school they want to, they want to prioritize the younger kids getting some classroom experience. And like the seniors and the juniors, like they want to, they can do it online a little better, they can adjust easier I guess. So like architecture and not, you know, it it kind of falls along those lines
for this particular. Uh
Yeah, pretty much for this particular semester because usually we register um like we're going to register for next semester in november or I guess that's november, like later november, but but in terms of like how we were going to conduct the semester with Covid, they told us pretty much in august for this mask it,
I'm
at home,
they allow I have a dorm there, it's just right now I'm here. But yeah, they do allow kids on campus for in terms of dorms, but not a lot
it
here.
Yeah, well we can't have parties. No,
definitely not. Um If
we
trip
well on our, well if the school gets wind, that there's some off campus party organized by like some school, like people
who represent the school, for example, like if a club, for example hosted a party, right? Like they're not going to crack down if one kid brought his friends from other schools, like they can't, they don't have really the power to do that. But if it was like the, I don't know, the student senate hosted a party and and it was off campus and the, you know, administration found out then they would suspend those students.
Yeah, it is. It is. And it was like for since
March, pretty much so
all the way from March. No events. No, nothing.
Um Well, I'll say that I spend half like most of my time in a in a suburb, so, you know, I don't really see very many people like walking around crusade. Um But like when I go to like, let's say the grocery store or something, people are pretty much wearing masks everywhere when I'm in like in
college, which is in an urban area. Um People are wearing that I guess I guess everybody's wearing
the mask.
Uh No I haven't gotten a library in a long time since it was like March. Pretty much
they have limited capacity. But I also like everything's online pretty much. So for me there's not really a reason to go. I'm sure there are kids who go and
like
they use the computers, there are their books, their or they find it like
easier to study there, especially during
these times.
No.
Yeah. I mean I'm sure in 20 years like like let's say I go to, it also probably depends what library you go to because my local library for the town that I live in. First of all, nobody is there any way So now during Covid there's pretty much nobody there at all. And then the one for my school, I haven't really been too, but when it wasn't there, I mean there wasn't Covid um
There would be some like conversation and whatnot. But um I think people were kind of more glued to their computers are on their phones rather than talking. So I think technology has kind of changed the way that people have socialist in these sort of spaces. Mhm.
Uh I'm a senior right now, but for architecture it's a five year degree, so I still have this semester in another actually this semester, next semester and then another year on top of that.
It's kind of all over the place. Like Some like I think there's a statistic like 25% of people who graduate with the bachelors and architecture, which is what I'm going for. They 25% end up becoming registered architects like license storms and the rest do a number
of things, some of them
um kind of practice architecture but without the license, so they'll work for companies and they'll do though, they'll be like managing stuff but they won't actually be able to sign and seal drawings. Um Some
of them
do different careers. Um Like a lot more than like if you were going to civil engineering, you know, a lot of people would just do civil engineering after that. But for architecture people branch off into different professions. Oh,
pretty much the way the second way we're saying, uh once you prerequisite you need
to have that degree. But then on top of that you need to have A certain number of hours of experience, which translates into three years. Pretty much if you kind of count a 40 hour, 40 hour work week and those are in the number of categories like you have to do 300 hours in this certain skill and whatnot. And once you finish that then you can take the test, there's like a series of tests. They're called the A. R. E. And once you once you pass all those you can become an architect.
You can take them back to back and back to back it, but they are pretty difficult so seldom anyone really takes them back to back. They usually take one and then they study more maybe a month or two and then another one. I mean I've heard I've heard of some people doing it like they study for six months and then they just take all the tests but I don't think that's the normal thing, you know?
Uh They have certain dates throughout the year. Um I'm it's not like every week you can take it but I'm sure every month or every second month they have
dates to take
it.
So
um so when you sort of when you become a registered architect they do it by state. So I would be a registered architect in the state of New Jersey. So you know that certificate like those tests would be taken in New Jersey. And yeah if I wanted to get my certification new york I would go to new york and take those tests.
Uh I don't think so. I think it's maybe a little bit more tailored to the state. But then again the state is completely different, interesting areas upstate new york is different than new york city which is different than Long Island. So I'm not 100% sure on that.
I don't even know. I don't pay it. It's it's just the Tv show. It's reality show.
Yeah. I quote unquote reality. Like, I don't know for me, I just go to the shore. I don't, yeah, I don't, I don't see that behavior really so much. If if people do that, then I don't think it's exclusive to the shore. But I think, yeah, my personal
experience. Everybody does sure. It's really diverse. Like
maybe it's a little bit more packed because
the density is higher. But I don't know. I didn't like those shows anyway. They, they don't really portray anything in
real life.
Uh, pretty much people when they talk about the shore, it starts at Sandy Hook. If you know where that is. It's like if I pulled up a map, I don't have a map here. But it's like if you like see like, like New Jersey looks like a guy that's hunched over. The top of the guys back is Sandy Hook. It kind of points up towards Manhattan and then all the way down to the lowest point of New Jersey, which is like kind of a peninsula there. And that point is called Cape May. So basically the whole shore between those two points is what
people think of the Jersey
shore.
I mean basically there's like parts where it goes in the Delaware River and there's parts where it's like towards New York. But pretty much yeah,
like 95% of the
Are
no, not really. I live in North Jersey. So I'm I'm Giants Guy. Even though the Giants haven't been. That's good sometimes.
Uh Yeah. But I mean, I wasn't saying about anything about the jets, but what about you if you're boston guy, your patriots?
There are some like if
you're, you're from Long Island, you support the Islanders. If you
it's a little bit it's a little bit arbitrary. Apparently more people in New
Jersey support the Yankees than like new Yorkers support them. I don't know, I I support the Mets though, even though the last time they have been relevant was 2015
and
The stadium is nice. I don't know how long go you want, but Like I went in 2012 because I don't I don't go anymore because I'm more into basketball now, even though I support the Mets, like I've gone in Madison Square Garden a few times, even though I don't support the next because it's the closest to me. Um But yeah, when I, whenever I went to them, that's like they would lose. But you know, I had a good time there, there was people there cycling. Yeah.
You know you lose you lose I'm sure that's what being a next fan is. You know like you know you're gonna lose but you still have a good time anyway. Uh huh.
Uh huh. I don't really support the nets I support. I I like the Lakers. I'm not even like a
I I know I know I know that sounds I'm not really a team guy if I have to support someone to be the Lakers only because I like
Lebron basically like wherever he goes I'm a fan of and you might call
me a bandwagon. I don't really care. I just like greatness you know and I like I support I support him I want him to get as many championships as he can.
because you're
so
nice for and uh
you never know I'm not going to hedge my bets on that but I'm also not counting against them because It's his 17th year and he won a ring and he was finals m. v. p. so
Yeah thanks so 35 I'm guessing you support the Celtics. Right.
Pretty much.
definitely Like six rings for tom brady. What do you think about him moving to the buccaneers?
definitely. What is the, yeah
what do you think about my home? Do you think he's gonna be like correctly he's going to get a lot of rings like brady. You think he's gonna overtake brady
eventually?
true
true true.
Yeah I mean Andy Reid's a good coach but I mean is he a Bill Belichick? I
don't know. All
No not quite Belleville
trick is in a league of his own pretty
much.
Well
It's just hard like first of all like most of the sports especially basketball didn't play for a bunch of months and then they started playing and it's like I've kind of lost my interest like it's supposed to be like a MLB season and I'm not really like looking to watch NBA you know so it's weird. Yeah, definitely weird. Yeah.
That's looks good for me.
Yeah it was great talking to you. Uh It was good.
We didn't
Nice meeting with you. I was good. We didn't go to the election. I didn't really want to talk about that too
much. Yeah.
Same to you. Hope everything works out in new
york you know?
All right.