Hi, can you hear me okay?
Yes I can. Nice to meet you.
That's nice to meet you. My name is Alexandra.
I am in north Carolina. Where are you?
I'm not in any of the big cities, I'm in a town about a half hour away from Fayetteville. Yeah.
Oh okay I'm I'm about 3.5 hours away from there
Asheville's towards the western end. Right?
Nashville. So I'm I'm eastern and quite a bit southern. I'm
more like you know like the point where it kind of slopes down, I'm like at that point where you are you?
Oh okay. Yeah I have a friend who lived there for a while, she really enjoyed her time in in Salt Lake City.
Yeah that sounds really nice.
sounds
I grew up really close to the beach chair when I miss it.
New york, Long Island. You know like the part of new york that like jets off, it looks like a fish swimming inland towards the shore. I I lived in that part of new york.
Are you from
you, did you grow up in Utah?
I
thought
I heard
that real accent
I'm a graduate student, I'm staying with my father while I work on my thesis.
Music therapy.
Call me immediately.
No,
Okay, I'm a clarinetist.
girl.
those are all a bunch of pre existing conditions right there.
I'm
masters maybe PhD would come a little later if I do end up getting it.
Thank
you. Do you work?
it would have been a lot harder actually. My dad's a family practice physician and attending who like has his own little crop of residents and they've been having a lot of issues too.
congratulations.
attractive.
gosh.
No,
have
you?
But
it's,
it's really
interesting.
I just really enjoyed being able to help people and to use my music in ways that uh, can more directly interact with people. I was a, you know, I trained as a classical musician, originally an undergrad, but I was dissatisfied with it. And plus the job market for that. Well, it wasn't so great to begin with. Covid, really,
a lot of my friends and music are having a rough time and I'm grateful. I have a job that will, I'll have steady your work.
Berlin.
It is, in my opinion too.
That's what I wanted to do as an undergrad. I don't envy them right now.
Um, my most well, half of my practical experiences with the elderly and folks with dementia, half of it is with Children both normally developing and Children with disabilities. I hope to work with Children with disabilities, but I also have a fondness for uh I haven't done it, but my thesis is on uh music therapy with refugees and asylum seekers
hunting.
Thank you. Huh,
it's
absolutely disgusting. A family that lives right on the border between texas and Mexico and they unfortunately, you know, they get to see what happens at close and
that's
Yeah, I'm so sorry to hear that, that must sounds horrifying.
The room,
it's absolutely awful and I you know, hopefully there isn't a lot of music therapy resources in the U. S. For it, but I you know, I hope that there to develop more uh more stable programs so people aren't just flying by the seat of their pants.
I I really hope so someday, but who knows?
Yeah, it's really hard to plan anything in advance.
I'm lucky I completed the majority of my in person education before it hit at. So I yeah.
and I don't know about the financial side of science things, but I know in a lot of the arts and humanities PhD program they're just like yanking money from everything like now it's not a good time to do a PhD unless you're getting fully funded.
they can they can
go anywhere they want.
Well, congratulations, what are they doing there?
Yeah.
Business.
Okay. Just little younger than me. I'm 28,
Is there anything you're looking forward to doing when uh when covid
visiting?
beat him.
Oh thank you. When you say consciousness that what do you uh
Very
Good
one.
I
that sounds very fulfilling.
It
I my grandmother lives in Maryland, I want to go see her.
I really missed her. Were really close. So you talk on the phone every week,
that is really tough. How is she recovering?
I'm glad.
Yeah, so she's recovering especially well for her age,
Good.
Yeah, I I went to grad school in New Orleans, which is, it's a lot of fun between about your, you know, the minute you look old enough to go to a music club by yourself to the minute you have your first kid. And I was right in the target demographic to have a lot of fun.
You can
Are
can I ask what, like what part of new Orleans he lived in?
that's where I lived on Adams Street. Like uh if you were there when the Rite Aid was right across, I went to Loyola and the Rite Aid, I was like, I was like couple blocks down from that.
yeah. Yeah.
And
yeah, there and it's admit especially miss around Halloween because you know the stuffy housing association makes everyone have really nice decorations and I used to like go with my friends and we'd take pictures.
Yeah, it was really great. And I was and I was uh I also stayed kept up with my clarinet stuff because the music therapy is mostly guitar and piano. But there is a vibrant clarinet community there. I was a part of
um what kind of music do I like to play? Uh I admit clarinet still my favorite. I I enjoy classical clarinet and it's called Klezmer music or traditional jewish music in the U. S.
Yeah. Well I'm very lucky I I got a scholarship for if I you know played in the band in New Orleans. So I played a lot. I played in the Loyola and the two lane bands.
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
Oh yeah a lot of heavy metal like I respect metal musicians a great deal they know what they're doing.
Who? Yeah.
and
that's
how a lot of musicians make most of their money these days.
Does does he have a band camp account?
All the labels that, No. So do they have like a distribution deal with Spotify or something?
I'm
bothered
by screws
and everyone I'm over? Oh.
Yeah, I
know
this
one,
I'm friends with a lot of metal, I'm friends with a lot of people into metal music and I've heard the name. Yeah,
can
explore
this.
Go
ahead.
Well, if he's in a concert in new york and he sees a woman with very long curly blonde hair, that's my friend Laura.
No,
I
don't need it.
I
think,
Yeah, that is really cool.
it
gives
us the opportunity to rebuild.
yeah, I'm looking early voting doesn't isn't for another five days here but I'm looking forward to casting my ballot for biden.
Well he never
knew
her well.
Utah
one.
Yeah I remember seeing you guys in the 2016 election. Yeah.
I'm
looking forward to if they take democrats retake control of the senate, I'm really looking forward to it. He'll be like at the head of the Financial Committee, isn't he?
Yeah, he's going to, you know, even though he And then I'm fond of burning myself even though I did vote for Warren in the primary this year. I voted for Bernie in the 2016 primary. Um
and
it will have a lot of power even if it's not as much powers would have been otherwise.
Yes, I'm
really hurting to see that.
I really liked her ideas about reforming the U. S. Diplomatic corps but I'm a weird nerd that way.
I'm
not.
No
no it's fine. I I'm not as badly often student loans as some of my friends but I you know I do have bit of the debt burden that I stopped plans like that would really help.
Uh And no thank you. Well
no no I'm happy to continue living here.
I
I think it will too. Yeah.
and
it's
been
wonderful thing to you too ma'am.
No thank
you.
Youtube
thank
you. And uh mm. Gosh
just good luck with your consciousness.
Mr
Sit by.