Mhm. This is Mhm. Yeah. Hi,
I can. Can you hear me?
Hi, I'm really mean. Yes.
Hi Alexandra. Where are you at?
I'm in Utah. Where in north Carolina are you? Where in north Carolina? Which city? Yeah.
I have a stepdaughter and a steps on the live in Ashville.
Which way? Northeast?
I think so. Kind of more
well, cool.
In Salt Lake City area, Sandy is a suburb of Salt Lake City.
it's really nice. It has a lot of pollution. So that sucks because we have like mountains all around and so it all kind of stays in here. And but other than that, it's gorgeous. We could be More like 20 minutes from ski areas and canyons and creeks and lakes and you know, it's really nice.
Yeah, we probably are moving to Oregon though soon, so. Yeah. Yeah. A friend of ours just moved to the beach. She lives like a mile from the beach and then we're
like, yeah,
oh, well, where did you live when you live? Near the beach?
Oh, cool, That's
fun.
Now, I grew up in Hickey old Idaho. About
four
hours
from here.
Yeah, Yeah, I'm grateful to be out of there. It's a little redneck e for me. But yeah. Yeah. So do you work, are you a student mom?
Oh, that's really cool. How wonderful, What are you, what are you getting your degree in?
Oh, wow, that is so cool. My partner isn't doing it now obviously with Covid, but has run big bands here in Salt Lake
and yeah, and writes music and there's a composer and trumpet
player and all of that. So
how cool. My son is a big, isn't a heavy metal band that was touring europe when Covid hit and one of their band
mates dot Covid. So yeah, kind of doing okay. He's got still a dream in his stomach, this was in March and he's still fighting it. So. Yeah, so fortunately thing, I mean I'm sad that he got sick, but I'm glad the other band members didn't. Because one has m s my son has type one diabetes and another guy has a hole in his heart. I mean they should be the crips.
Yeah. Yeah. But wow, I love what you're getting your PhD and what a wonderful
thing to.
Oh wow. Well your masters are still really impressive.
That's
I am not working right now. I was a director of marketing for a mortgage company. But but um just decided and uh this is so stressful and I'm so grateful. I quit when I did because our market, we did like specialized mortgage loans for doctors and most of our clients were like residents that were coming in from other countries. So it, my job would have been a night.
Oh man. I'm so, I mean, I really wondered because it was a great job, just highly stressful because we started here in Utah and I helped my boss, there were 33 employees when I started and I helped us grow to nationwide and,
And when I was
running like 60 something websites and marketing for tons of, of new loan officers and it was just little old me doing that. And I just
got to a point of like, I can't, I'm old. I'm all that I don't want to do this anymore.
So yeah, so
I'm happy
to be home. I'm mostly just like always reading and studying and learning
about
consciousness. That's like my, my
passion.
So yeah. Yeah. So what do you love about what you're doing?
Oh yeah. I know.
Yeah. Our neighbor right behind our fence has been the music teacher and director at a catholic school here and he's out of work because they can't do the music program and it's like oh credit what a week we can't lose all these musicians. It's so important. I
mean it's so important for our well being as a nation in my opinion.
Oh man my my sweetheart is in like lots of different facebook groups with with a lot of musicians from L. A. That he went to college with and they're struggling ones that have been studio musicians and worked with movies and all of that. It's uh
oh gosh no. Do you think you'll work with Children or adults or what?
Oh. Oh that is so beautiful.
That makes my heart swell. That is so wonderful.
Especially the way we're treating people right now. Well I mean I'm getting terry just thinking of it. It's just
so awful.
I bet it is awful, awful, awful. Yeah. You know when I was married before in my much younger years my ex husband was in the Navy and looked like he was um most of the time people thought he was from Mexico. Sometimes they thought he was arab it was you know just the people just like stereotype people. And when we were in san Diego area where his parents lived, we got followed by border patrol before they were ice. This was
long ago they followed us, they went in the restaurant we went to sat next to us and gave him dirty looks and and I remember thinking I'm going to get up and say something and he was like don't I've done I've had this my whole life, don't even though he's a U. S. Citizen, he's not even mexican. And he was serving in the Navy on a nuclear on a nuclear sub you know and it's like people just harassed him. I ended up just like sitting on my hands and being quiet and we left and and didn't cause a hassle but. Oh my gosh.
Yeah. Yeah I just I can't believe how we treat people. I mean for me it's like okay imagine yourself fleeing your country with your Children or without you know
and you're so scared and obviously there's got to be something horrible driving you the courage. It takes the courage and to treat people as if they're scum when they're like more courageous than these people carrying guns. Oh yeah.
wow. So you maybe you can spearhead amazing program.
I know it's so hard to plan anything right now.
Yeah. Yeah. Well are so were you able to do all your studies online from your dad's?
Oh that's so wonderful. Yes that is great man. You know I my um my son stepson tim his girlfriend just got her masters in like microbiology here I think. Yeah I think isn't that amazing? She was starting on her PhD and decided when all this hit I don't really want to do this. It's so stressful I just can't stand it and she she gets stressed anyway she has a lot of background of you know PTSD and stuff so it's like yeah.
Yeah. Well she just found out that her dad who's from Serbia had um a dual citizenship in like um a dutch dual citizenship and she found out like I don't know six months before it ended that she could apply for one. So she got it. And so my stepson and her name is Dara. They're moving to Ireland in june to. Yeah yeah with her with her degree they need they need people with masters in microbiology and his his background, his tech. So there are there super
so
I know yeah so they're super excited. I'm excited for them. I wish we could but you know probably won't work for us at this point but we've got another daughter who's in in London. So. Yeah
well she her husband is an engineer and he works on I don't know what he's doing now during Covid. Um But he works at amusement parks designing roller coasters and rights. Yeah. Yeah all over europe so and so and she's got her degree in theater um costuming in theater design. So she's been a docent like at the um the Royal Museum right there, she can walk. So yeah,
Yeah, she's totally a theatre girl so it's perfect for her. But
yeah I have two sons and 10 step Children so. Yeah. Yeah all adults, all of them are grown up now, the youngest is like 26. So.
Yeah. Yeah. It's when I've got a son who is 28, him who is disabled. Yeah. Trying to figure out what the heck he's going to do during this because these yeah it's he's he looks like he's not disabled and he can do stuff but he's in constant pain. He has like a these and so it's really hard for him to get help, you know? So you know life is, life is tough on people, man.
Well travel, travel, travel. Yeah especially
for. Yeah well if we move to Oregon I want to go all up and down the coast even though it probably be fires a lot, you know I mean at least aren't areas but we my my sweetheart is from L. A. Area, grew up there.
He misses it. So. And we have like two kids in Portland, two kids in the Chico area. So we're in the middle and be able to go see all of them. So that's cool. But yeah. Yeah that's and we're just designing online courses in consciousness and helping people deal with some of this stress. So
what we're looking at is helping people kind of go in and figure out what's keeping them stuck mentally. It's working with your beliefs with your values because you never have pain unless you have a value attached. If you you know like you value like how your ex spouse treated you or your ex boyfriend and you think they shouldn't have treated me that way and you're being angry if you can let go of that value that they shouldn't have. It's a lot easier to let that stress go and forgiveness is always the best thing. So we're creating some my background and my sweetheart's background is in training, corporate training and so kind of creating really step by step ways. We see people all around us just in hell from what's going on the rug has been pulled out from under so many people, what
we thought
was,
you know, So
it's just helping people navigate a happier way of dealing with stress in the world. So
yeah. Yeah. It's something I've loved forever. I did marketing just because it sort of opened up and the job was offered, but it wasn't fulfilling for me at all. What's nice building things, but I just don't really give a shit about marketing mortgages on it, so I
don't know. So what are you looking forward to when things open up?
Oh, I bet that's so hard. I see you getting motion missing her a lot.
Oh wow. Uh Hopefully that will happen soon. I I know my mom had a stroke just uh like a month and a half ago and I wasn't able to go see her and that's that's how it's a really tough one, you know,
He's doing okay. She's actually she she smoked for my whole time growing up and had smoked for like the last 20 years, but she's got emphysema, so she I'm oxygen and I was like, oh man, you have to go to the hospital and you're already on oxygen, but she didn't seem to contract anything and she, it seems like it was a fairly mild stroke, which is
what because she's already not, She doesn't get enough oxygen to her brain with the emphysema. So and she's older, she's like 81 this year, so you know.
Mhm. I know. My my son was like she is one tough lady holy smokes. I'm like yeah, I mean we've been thinking she's not going to make it for a couple of years and here she has a stroke and she's doing well. So I sort of see her, my dad was kind of a jerk growing up and he's having to take care of her. It's almost like she's like oh too bad you have to tie my shoes. Ha ha ha you know kind of laugh seeing my dad taking care of her. I mean he's being very kind and it's really wonderful
but we laughed at how the tables have turned because she made you hand and foot and so it's funny, you know? But yeah, I bet you miss your friends and just your life,
I love new Orleans. I love,
yeah we used to work there so we traveled there often and would would rent a place for a couple of months at a time to do our work. We had
we did training there.
Well we we stayed in different places 11 time it was right around Mardi gras. So we stayed right off of ST Charles just two blocks.
How fun, How fun. I love new Orleans. Most the people we we worked with have like since moved on because this was like in like Oh right around 2000. So 20 years ago. Yeah.
Yeah so it was pretty, it was just so much fun, so many good people. Uh a lot of
musicians we knew there too so.
Oh how fun. How fun. Oh what a great place to to be doing your your degree. What fun,
how fun. What kind of music do you like to play?
How fun that is so cool, wow. Uh That you have you like played with bands quite a bit or?
Oh how fun! That is so cool.
I'm kind of a classic rock person, but I'm I love my son stuff. Heavy metal, not most heavy metal, it's not screaming there, it's very melodic and corny.
He's really he's great, he's a great guitar player and they're like, they're signed with the biggest metal label and the metal label is negotiating with him right now because their contract is up and they're they're saying that they're there, their biggest band and
so I mean they have like the next two years of touring europe filled up, so it's really such a bummer, it was all put off a year and now it doesn't even look like they'll be able
to
do it.
Yeah, well he didn't make money doing this honestly. The label did, they didn't get the best contract with them, but that's why they're renegotiating. So he works full time in order to pay to travel and tour.
They do, but they can't do band camp because there with the label, the label test does everything
um somewhat yeah, but
the
legal
handles.
Their name is Visigoths. If you ever want to look them up. Yeah.
Have you
heard
of them?
You know them?
My son
is
Jamison.
He's the this guitarist not the
lead
guitar, rhythm guitar. So have you ever seen any of their videos? And you see a dude with the longest dark hair playing a red guitar usually. That's that's my son.
Yeah. Our fun. Yeah. They just played, in fact, right before they toured last time they played in new york at like uh some metal, some photographer did a book on metal vest, you know how the middle head to do their best? He did a whole coffee table book on vests, then took pictures of people
with the rest and all this stuff. And so they, they were the opening band for his, like his book signing thing in new
york.
The ST Vitus Bar, I think it's what it was called, I can't remember. But yeah, they're really good. It's fun. It, you know, he, they didn't expect to, they just thought they'd be a local Salt Lake band and, and it was just sort of a whole bunch of weird synchronicities that opened up them. I think it was somebody from Ireland actually gave their tape to someone at Metal Blade, which is their label and metal blade asked the guy from Metallica hat at work. I think this is made. What
do you think?
Yeah, yeah. They asked him, it's one of their close friends and he said they asked him to listen to them and see if he liked him and he said sign them. Yeah, they're great. So it was Metallica dude, that kind of opened it up for them, which is pretty cool. So
yeah, it's just been fun to watch. Yeah. It's a fun seeing your Children do what they love to do. Yeah, we have other ones that are, you know, sort of still trying to figure out what the heck they're doing with a dozen of them between us. We, that's interesting to just watch them all do their lives and you know, and and to apologize and say sorry, we're giving you such a crappy world. I'm so sorry. I
do feel
that.
Yes. I mean I I feel this massive obligation to, to women your age just like going, let's not let this woman get on the Supreme Court. Holy shit, we need reproductive rights. Come on. So
yeah, me too. Here in Utah, we do mostly male in and have for years. So nothing's really different for us. And there's, I'm not worried about hanky pinky even though my vote won't count it. Some mostly red state. You know,
I'm going to
do
it. I
don't worry. I always
vote.
I was totally on board for biden or I mean for for Bernie and campaigned and got to do a lot of fun stuff and I know maybe Bernie wouldn't be leading like this, but I think he'd be better honestly during this
time.
I think so. Yeah.
I
mean,
and at least biden is listening to him and
and so
yeah and I love Warner too. She was my second choice. I would have preferred her over Biden as well. But yeah
and I like what she is what she says about helping people with student loan debt intuition and getting our educational system back on track. But you know,
I think she
love the police. I do. Sorry, I stopped over
you.
yeah. Yeah. I mean what um one of my, how do I say it? My sweetheart's nephew was getting his masters here at the University of Utah and I can't remember what it was in when he was here, but he needed um to get his wisdom teeth out. And a bunch of his friends who were international students said you should just go to europe, it'll cost you less to fly there, get your wisdom teeth out and come back than it would to get them done here. So he started looking into it and went, holy crap, I can I can have like a 30 day vacation and still spend about 20 grand last and getting my wisdom teeth out there. So he flew and got him out, I can't remember where it was at, somewhere in Ireland or England, I can't remember and ended up deciding he loved it and stayed and renounced his citizenship and got rid of all of the student debt and got his PhD in astrophysics and now now we're lives in, he was in Germany, he's either in Germany or France, he keeps going back and forth. But you know, they have such a better system of education for people in europe, so I wish we do that, I don't want our brain drain to get worse. So I mean we're me, we're lucky we have people like you that stay and
you're like uh I live here,
I hope it gets better and I think it
will.
it looks like we're okay to go, but it's been wonderful talking
to you.
Good
luck.
Don't call me ma'am. You can call me lady just getting oh better Good. I'm finishing up your degree, your
delightful
person and
you're gonna do so much good. I mean you make my heart so happy what you're
doing.
Yeah,
I
I'll have a conscience about it too. Thanks. See you later,