SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. The subject is that we're going to take place? Yeah I was thinking that maybe other we don't have. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. See that Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh Mhm. Okay. Yeah it's coming along yeah. This country. Okay mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well. I just I woke up late Around 10, 15 minutes ago, so both tired. Um How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah I'm at work right now, quotes working from home.
SPEAKER_R: As I uh it seems like is that a lot
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: of Star Wars stuff behind you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's Star Wars lego, there's a whole shitload of it. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I collect I do Star Wars DND so that's what it's for. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: actually um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I made a friend
SPEAKER_L: Quick.
SPEAKER_R: on Reddit like a couple weeks ago and she introduced me to DND this past weekend. I wasn't really into it, but it was still fun learning.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's fun if you drink, especially if everybody's on the same page about what to expect and you know you know some people want to take it seriously and some people don't it's not as fun but I like it. I've been doing it for five years and yeah I write a bunch of DND, homebrew content, I make a little bit of money off it, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we were doing a like a Witcher theme to our DND and because she found someone else on red, so it's just us two and then she would like direct stuff and then luckily yesterday she told me that she found someone else, so it's good for them because I had told them like it was just For me, I don't know, like one fight, Well we'll definitely be quicker if I kept playing, but one fight just like took like 30 or 40 minutes, I was like, Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like that, I mean it's slower than video games for sure, but it's uh like if people know how to play their characters, that can be a lot of fun you're playing online, I'm guessing
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah it was like uh roll 20
SPEAKER_L: properly.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: we made our characters on DND beyond dot net. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so it's more fun to play like as a group at a house, you know, because you can just chill out like you would your friends normally and you know drink beer and eat food and just kind of hang out and play DND, so it's way more fun to play that way for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I thought it was like I thought it was like a board game where you could just but I guess it's more just because she talks about how she has to make modules, stuff like that. It's
SPEAKER_L: for like if she was doing The Witcher, she would have had to write that herself because that's not a real DND thing, but like for for traditional fantasy DND, there's, you know, dozens of campaign adventures where you buy a book um I have a bunch of right there and then you can run that story for a group of people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really into chest so I've got chest stuff background. Um So that's that's my game I guess.
SPEAKER_L: That played chess probably 10 times in my life, I'm sure I'm terrible at it. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's it's fine. I've I played a little bit when I was a kid. I think probably my dad told me he also had this magnetic chess board that I would play against computer that was kind of cool. And then high school is when I started complaining complaining competitively and college it was just kind of like a fun club and after that it was just a lot of tournaments and stuff, but now it's just they're not doing any of the tournaments like for like another year, so a lot of online stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Can you make any money doing that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so with the tournaments you always, most
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of time there's maybe like five or 10% are free, but most of the time you at least pay like 5 $10 but it can go all the way up to like 202 $150 for the entry fee. And there have been a couple of tournaments where I've made maybe like three or $400,
SPEAKER_L: let's go,
SPEAKER_R: but overall it's just it's a lot more spent, but it is fun just having those good weekend sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I used to play magic competitively. Um So I made a little bit of money, a net loss obviously because it's magic, I don't know if you've ever played with
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the cost to really invest in, it is very high. Um So while I made money playing tournaments, I lost my overall
SPEAKER_R: This magic similar to DND.
SPEAKER_L: so magic the gathering, it's a collectible card game, like you build a deck and then play against somebody else with a deck. Um So you can play it online too, so it's it's like, it's not free form, like D. And D. Has very strict rules but it's fun to, it just has a decent amount of like upfront investment to really play, especially you wanna play competitively. What?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Is there any sort of, oh, you were talking about that? There's a Star Wars DND version or like?
SPEAKER_L: so I write Star Wars DND. So there are games similar to DND for Star Wars, there's something called Fantasy Flight Games, which is Edge of the Empire. And then there's Saga edition, which is old DND from like 20 years ago. But I right, so the current edition of D. And D is called fifth edition because it's the fifth edition of D. And D. Um And physician is really nice because it's super accessible. Like they got rid of a lot of the crunchy stuff so you can sit down and play really easily with new players. And so what I did is I took that rules that and converted it to a Star Wars world as opposed to just like traditional fantasy. And I've been doing that publicly for two years. I've written four books. It's a lot of fun. You
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: can go to the website is Star Wars five dot com if you want to look at it, but there's a shitload of content.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, And then so you probably got into Star Wars like when you were a kid, were you were you were you like before you knew DND where you like trying to write like oh this is how I would continue the story, blah blah blah.
SPEAKER_L: no, I never really got into fan fiction or anything like that. I just like reading the books and, you know, collecting toys and stuff like that facebook. But yeah, I started playing DND five or six years ago and then I started working on this in earnest a little over two years ago and I've been doing it publicly on reddit actually. I have a subreddit and everything too.
SPEAKER_R: No. So you talked about work from home? So what what do you do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: for your job?
SPEAKER_L: I do payroll at a university hospital. Typically I work in a satellite location, but I have all my software so I can I can do literally everything from home except to answer my my work phone. It's awesome, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. Yeah. My um I have a lot of friends who are working from home and some of them, some of them aren't even going back until like the fallen at that point. They'll see. But yeah, I um I was furloughed because I've been in a master's program to become a high school science teacher and the past three years I've been a substitute teacher and basically one of this Jobs in K through 12 education that got basically furloughed is substitute teaching because they don't need substitute teacher because even if a teacher is sick, they can still work from home or whatever. No, well, see I was applying because I passed the licensing in
SPEAKER_L: Two
SPEAKER_R: april, so I license, but it's
SPEAKER_L: rep.
SPEAKER_R: been to find a job. So I right now I have biology as something that I'm certified to teach. But I feel like I need physics and chemistry because biology is kind of competitive and it's also a plus if I can have more endorsements, I'm working on some classes for that. Well physics class in a physics lab. I just have to wait until the community college opens up again to take the chemistry test. So I think that will be fine. And then in the fall it looks like kids will probably go back to school here because I'm in Illinois and we've done a pretty good job. So I'm thinking since I was in a K. Through eight district the last three years, I want to get into a high school district, two just have more high school experience. And I'm also going to be finished out by master. So I'm taking a class that starts in a week and then one in the fall. So yeah, that's kind of like what I'm doing. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you doing it all during furlough,
SPEAKER_R: Say again.
SPEAKER_L: are you tutoring at all?
SPEAKER_R: So right now with it being the summer, I am tennis lessons, I think just during the summer it would be tough to find tutoring that's like from kid was studying for like the S. A. T. Or a CT or something. But yeah, the tennis is going well. It's it's like every, every day of the week I have something at least something. So that's good. And it's it's nice that I can do it privately and it's tax free and. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I played tennis back 15 years ago, 20 years ago, Yeah. Had not recently, yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um I started playing seriously, maybe like right after fifth grade and then I I got better in middle school and I played in high school and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: played on the club team in college, but ever since college I haven't really found a lot of people to play with, but now On top of the 10ors, tennis teaching or tutoring whatever, I found this one guy who and we play like once or twice a week, so that's going well.
SPEAKER_L: Sweet. Yeah, I have played 20 years ago and haven't played once more than once or twice since, I'm sure I can't remember any of it and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: uh was there any sport that you played for a while? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, not really. Um I've never really been into like organized, I've never been into team sports per se, which is why I started playing tennis as a kid, but I never really went far with it. Um I've never really been athletically inclined. I've always preferred books and video games and tv and so I got,
SPEAKER_R: What what video games do you like?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually playing the witcher three right now. I have never played it before. Um I just have you played it?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I I started playing it back in I think like March or so, and I I probably got like 30, 40 hours into it. And I think the problem was that a lot of times when I play on Xbox one and a lot of times I was in a party with my friends and I just, since the game seems like half dialogue, it was hard to understand the dialogue and keep up with the conversation at the same time. And then also my friends and I really got into a war zone because we've always been into like shooters and stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: like one brother.
SPEAKER_R: I think once war zone dies down, which at some point I'll go back to the Witcher and that will just be more like I'm going to be playing by myself on it just so it's your plus I have this chest stuff here because uh probably about three or four weeks ago I started seriously streaming on twitch and trying to build that. So I go I play online chess on my laptop, which I'm using right now and I am working on streaming from my Xbox. So I'm like getting a connect. Well I have the connects camera now but I realized because I have a newer version of the Xbox, I need an adapter for it because it's like a weird report right
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: here. So, and um I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: also think I want to eventually get into like a gaming PC like with mouse and keyboard. So I actually bought a cheap mouse and keyboard that I can play on war zone and I'll probably try Fortnite with it. I don't play Fortnite that often, but it supports mouse and keyboard and yeah, it's fun just uh it makes, it makes like a solo video gaming, which usually I'm not really into like a lot of farm because at least like I can kind of respond to people and I can try different things.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, that's about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my brother is obsessed with war zone. He's all about college duty games. They've never really appealed to me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. Um Yeah it's mixed like. I know, so I looked and some of the streamers I follow a little bit and I know shroud he's like yeah this is like a two
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: week game and then I'm always done with it. We we hadn't played a Call of duty since like we were in college which was probably like five or six years ago, so We like we last played blackouts to which I think came out like maybe 2013 or so. So but this just we we like this because it was free and we've been into the battle Royals at least like we have been playing 49 for a while, although I hadn't really played it for the last year so but they were still playing it like a lot. So
SPEAKER_L: scary.
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah it was it made sense but I think it's we're not playing it as often and now we're we all kind of bought the multi player part of it because we really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: mode called gunfights. So. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I never got into Fortnite. I played a little bit of Apex legends, but it's not really my style of gameplay. I'm not really a PVP orient gamer like refugees mostly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I basically switched from Fortnite to Apex Legends early last year and then I didn't really play Fortnite again. Um and with Apex Legends I found this guy and read it who we were playing for night kind of at a like doing like the tournament stuff, they're just the public tournaments and then we went to Apex. But then the problem was
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: that he decided he wanted to go back to Fortnite with his like in real life friends. So then when I was in Apex I just didn't like playing with like random people uh
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like that
SPEAKER_L: how my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: brother is. He only plays with real life friends. He won't play, he won't so look you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and then speaking of RPGS I had a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I probably put like 80 hours into Star do valley like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: late last year. So it's kind of like a more farming mining type of RPG. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can switch. Right. Oh it's on all of them. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's on all of them. It's but it I am, yeah, it was, it was fun. The problem is that it
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: feels
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: like like when I go back into it just really boring because I've kind of completed
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: a lot of the goals. What?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm at uh I put about 90 hours into the winter um in the past two weeks so like I'm working from home but I don't really have that much work to do. I just have to be available. So I've been playing video games on the clock, which is pretty good and I beat the campaign and then there's two expanded packed and I'm working on the first one right now.
SPEAKER_R: Do those cost money.
SPEAKER_L: Um so if you buy the witcher three like you can buy a game of the year edition now and it comes with everything. Um so like it was on sale on G. O. G. for $15 for a game of the year. So I bought it.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: stop
SPEAKER_L: definitely remember.
SPEAKER_R: something else. I forgot to look up if I,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: if I complete the main quest stuff, am I still able to do the side quest things?
SPEAKER_L: so some of them as you progress through the game will end. So if you don't do a certain side quest before you do a main quest um It'll fail that side question. You want people to complete it so you just pay attention to that and reload if that happens because that happened to me a couple of times. Yeah. Okay. Yeah it's fun. And obviously did you watch the netflix show? I'm guessing
SPEAKER_R: No, I don't really watch netflix. I don't know, I'm just, I've been like, you talked about how you like tv shows, but I basically every year I watch South Park and it's always sunny in philadelphia and then like not much else.
SPEAKER_L: sunday is my favorite tv show of all time. I haven't seen the most recent season but because I don't have cable but Alright absolutely love that show. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I um I think for, so for South Park I've watched, I probably, I'm probably missing episodes, but with Always Sunny, I've seen every single
SPEAKER_L: Will be possible.
SPEAKER_R: episode. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: I saw up to the season finale I think season 13 when Mac um you know does his performance in the Prison. I think that was the season finale. So I've seen up to that and then I've seen the early seasons thousands of times. It's my favorite show to rewatch. I just haven't caught up on the rest because I I don't have pool or anything like that yet. Um and so I'll pick it up at some point and just bang through all. It's funny with all of the controversy how they removed all of the black face episodes from sunny so you can't get them streaming anymore so the lethal weapons in two episodes are gone.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh Yeah. They had to change their stance the same with South Park because they are obviously not as raunchy and it's more sunny these days, it's more like they'll think of some sort of social topic and then they'll make their own commentary on it. So like in, I think this past season or maybe the season before they've had stuff on like global warming and transgender bathroom stuff and just like, it kind of, it's a lot of like the gang solves the blah blah blah crisis or whatever. It's more like that style, which it's all right. Just just sometimes it feels like sometimes it feels like they're just trying to check a box like oh yeah, we've covered this topic kind of thing.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's pretty consistent opinion is that? Well the show is still funny, it's not what it was, you know, season three type deal And that's I mean that's to be expected that school that they want, they set the record what they were renewed for season 15, which makes him the longest running live action comedy series in history.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, I guess like I another show I used to watch a lot with Seinfeld that was only like The seasons. Yeah, eight seasons. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've watched Seinfeld beginning to end a lot of times time. That was awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I really like it. I was So I have one friend because I'm I'm so good friends with like maybe 10 of us from our hometown and one of them, he's watched every Seinfeld episodes. So I told him like, what I would do if there was like a coronavirus episode and probably I know this one twitter account. I don't really go on twitter that much, but they talk about sometimes bringing modern things into a Seinfeld.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So I thought like
SPEAKER_L: Shit.
SPEAKER_R: there's some things where we were debating. But I would I would say like either jerry's mom or dad has a birthday and they tell jerry like, oh, you should come, we're going to social distance, but him being a germophobe, he like doesn't show up and then he gets like chastised for that and I'm thinking like Elaine goes on a virtual date, like a zoom date with a guy and he's great but he has like some
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: of silly background for his zoom but she just like can't get past. So she like breaks things up and then I was and then George like with the whole MLB thing, I was thinking okay somehow, somehow he inadvertently makes Steinbrenner think that there shouldn't be an MLB season and then Steinbrenner like tells the Yankees owner and that whole thing like causes MLB to not happen at all. All
SPEAKER_L: That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: Orange. And then I was the part where I was debating was like Newman and Kramer because we were thinking like maybe Cramer somehow like get some USPS workers sick by like sending out mail, but I didn't know why he would be sending out mail to like other new Yorkers. And then we were thinking like maybe Newman gets the virus just to get off of work for a couple of weeks, like you just get on purpose, but then it's like seriously affects him or I don't know, we were like, we're trying to figure out what Cramer or whatever, or like it could be like kind of be like the AIDS ribbon thing where he doesn't want to wear. So maybe Cramer just like doesn't want to where the master or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. What I would see with Kramer is that he doesn't want to wear the mask and he's he'll be the exact person that calls it a scam. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and my friend was saying like maybe maybe it's the whole thing where he learns that you can spread it when you're asymptomatic and he does the whole like, oh you just blew my mind kind of thing or something like that. But yeah, like not wearing the mask would be good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds exactly like Kramer. Have you ever read the, there's a subreddit for that? Were read it? Right, Steinfeld.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I haven't seen that. What is that? I'm gonna write that.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Seinfeld. So it's literally people,
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: right? Episodes of Seinfeld.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Do
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: they take like modern things or just like any sort of random thing?
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, so, I mean, it's I'm assuming it's to keep in the scene of uh the theme of Seinfeld, right, where the episodes have a very central theme, but it's very minor and they just all kind of overreact to it. Uh So keeping that, I'm sure I know there's one for Sonny. Well, I read Sunny One once in a while because it's funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. I am. I also watch some of the seasons of curb your enthusiasm, but I definitely need to catch up on that and I know there was an askreddit post a couple of weeks ago I saw us like what is the theme song to 2020? Someone said the curb your enthusiasm theme.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've never watched curb, but I'm familiar with it enough to know what they're talking about because I've seen, you know, lots of videos with that kind of superimposed over it, I think of course it's just larry David being Larry David. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I used to watch a lot of tv shows. There's just a lot of them ended. So like Game of Thrones, How I Met Your Mother. I watch like Other things earlier, like lost in 24 and trying to think of what else, like
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: what Her family. I watched for a while, but I just had to quit at some point.
SPEAKER_L: it got pretty bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was just it was very boring and I was just, I would just be on my phone the whole time. So I think I think the second to last season in the middle of that, I just like okay, I'm done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I gave up on modern family and probably season four. It was funny, but it was very repetitive. What?
SPEAKER_R: And uh yeah, I like the witty whatever lines. It was just like okay, whatever. Um trying to think what else I watched. Um I don't remember and then I watched like, I don't know, I'm big into comedy. So it used to be like the office community in wreck and arrested development. Although I haven't seen like some of the newer seasons
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: of that.
SPEAKER_L: right, I think they're enjoyable, but they're nowhere near as good as the original three seasons, like the netflix stuff. It's not it's not even close, but
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of hard. You know that the first three seasons of that show are incredible. Mhm. But yeah, I've seen all those. I'm a huge fan, 30 rock is probably my favorites.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. Yeah. I I never got into that, but I know it's like kind of similar to the other ones.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very much an NBC comedy. Uh Yeah, I thought it was really funny and the cameos were amazing,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. I was actually, I was setting the Reddit Friends. I used to watch the league because my friends and I played a lot of fancy football and I, I think one clip and I was like, oh wait. And I realized that there's like a bunch of cameos that they had in that, that I forgot about. Like there was Sarah Silverman. There is Jeff gold room. I saw like diseases. Sorry, there was Seth Rogan. There's a lot of like pretty famous people plus the NFL players who would sometimes be honest. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I like I don't I don't watch football at all and I've never played fantasy football, but I like the lead because it was funny and like I I felt that I didn't have to understand the references to get to still enjoy the show. I didn't feel like that at all. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well bring
SPEAKER_L: five
SPEAKER_R: our, We've done 45, so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Good time for you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then I just exit out of this I think. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Cause me to have a good one.