Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. The subject is that we're going to take place? Yeah I was thinking that maybe other we don't have. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. See that Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh Mhm. Okay. Yeah it's coming along yeah. This country. Okay mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello how are you?
Good. Yeah I'm at work right now, quotes working from home.
All
Yeah it's Star Wars lego, there's a whole shitload of it. Yeah. Yeah
I collect I do Star Wars DND so that's what it's for. Yeah.
Yeah.
Quick.
Right. It's fun if you drink, especially if everybody's on the same page about what to expect and you know you know some people want to take it seriously and some people don't it's not as fun but I like it. I've been doing it for five years and yeah I write a bunch of DND, homebrew content, I make a little bit of money off it, so.
Yeah, it's like that, I mean it's slower than video games for sure, but it's uh like if people know how to play their characters, that can be a lot of fun you're playing online, I'm guessing
properly.
And
yeah, so it's more fun to play like as a group at a house, you know, because you can just chill out like you would your friends normally and you know drink beer and eat food and just kind of hang out and play DND, so it's way more fun to play that way for sure. Yeah.
for like if she was doing The Witcher, she would have had to write that herself because that's not a real DND thing, but like for for traditional fantasy DND, there's, you know, dozens of campaign adventures where you buy a book um I have a bunch of right there and then you can run that story for a group of people. Yeah.
Yeah.
That played chess probably 10 times in my life, I'm sure I'm terrible at it. Yeah. Yeah.
Can you make any money doing that?
Well
let's go,
Right. Yeah, I used to play magic competitively. Um So I made a little bit of money, a net loss obviously because it's magic, I don't know if you've ever played with
the cost to really invest in, it is very high. Um So while I made money playing tournaments, I lost my overall
so magic the gathering, it's a collectible card game, like you build a deck and then play against somebody else with a deck. Um So you can play it online too, so it's it's like, it's not free form, like D. And D. Has very strict rules but it's fun to, it just has a decent amount of like upfront investment to really play, especially you wanna play competitively. What?
So
so I write Star Wars DND. So there are games similar to DND for Star Wars, there's something called Fantasy Flight Games, which is Edge of the Empire. And then there's Saga edition, which is old DND from like 20 years ago. But I right, so the current edition of D. And D is called fifth edition because it's the fifth edition of D. And D. Um And physician is really nice because it's super accessible. Like they got rid of a lot of the crunchy stuff so you can sit down and play really easily with new players. And so what I did is I took that rules that and converted it to a Star Wars world as opposed to just like traditional fantasy. And I've been doing that publicly for two years. I've written four books. It's a lot of fun. You
can go to the website is Star Wars five dot com if you want to look at it, but there's a shitload of content.
no, I never really got into fan fiction or anything like that. I just like reading the books and, you know, collecting toys and stuff like that facebook. But yeah, I started playing DND five or six years ago and then I started working on this in earnest a little over two years ago and I've been doing it publicly on reddit actually. I have a subreddit and everything too.
I
I do payroll at a university hospital. Typically I work in a satellite location, but I have all my software so I can I can do literally everything from home except to answer my my work phone. It's awesome, yeah,
Two
rep.
you doing it all during furlough,
are you tutoring at all?
I played tennis back 15 years ago, 20 years ago, Yeah. Had not recently, yeah. Yeah.
No.
Sweet. Yeah, I have played 20 years ago and haven't played once more than once or twice since, I'm sure I can't remember any of it and
I am.
Yeah, not really. Um I've never really been into like organized, I've never been into team sports per se, which is why I started playing tennis as a kid, but I never really went far with it. Um I've never really been athletically inclined. I've always preferred books and video games and tv and so I got,
I'm actually playing the witcher three right now. I have never played it before. Um I just have you played it?
It's
like one brother.
Okay.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, my brother is obsessed with war zone. He's all about college duty games. They've never really appealed to me.
Look,
scary.
I
like
that.
I never got into Fortnite. I played a little bit of Apex legends, but it's not really my style of gameplay. I'm not really a PVP orient gamer like refugees mostly.
What,
That's
how my
brother is. He only plays with real life friends. He won't play, he won't so look you.
What?
All
Yeah, I can switch. Right. Oh it's on all of them. Okay.
You
know
are
Yeah, I'm at uh I put about 90 hours into the winter um in the past two weeks so like I'm working from home but I don't really have that much work to do. I just have to be available. So I've been playing video games on the clock, which is pretty good and I beat the campaign and then there's two expanded packed and I'm working on the first one right now.
Um so if you buy the witcher three like you can buy a game of the year edition now and it comes with everything. Um so like it was on sale on G. O. G. for $15 for a game of the year. So I bought it.
I
definitely remember.
No.
so some of them as you progress through the game will end. So if you don't do a certain side quest before you do a main quest um It'll fail that side question. You want people to complete it so you just pay attention to that and reload if that happens because that happened to me a couple of times. Yeah. Okay. Yeah it's fun. And obviously did you watch the netflix show? I'm guessing
sunday is my favorite tv show of all time. I haven't seen the most recent season but because I don't have cable but Alright absolutely love that show. Yeah. Yeah.
Will be possible.
I saw up to the season finale I think season 13 when Mac um you know does his performance in the Prison. I think that was the season finale. So I've seen up to that and then I've seen the early seasons thousands of times. It's my favorite show to rewatch. I just haven't caught up on the rest because I I don't have pool or anything like that yet. Um and so I'll pick it up at some point and just bang through all. It's funny with all of the controversy how they removed all of the black face episodes from sunny so you can't get them streaming anymore so the lethal weapons in two episodes are gone.
I think it's pretty consistent opinion is that? Well the show is still funny, it's not what it was, you know, season three type deal And that's I mean that's to be expected that school that they want, they set the record what they were renewed for season 15, which makes him the longest running live action comedy series in history.
Yeah. Yeah. I've watched Seinfeld beginning to end a lot of times time. That was awesome.
Mhm.
Shit.
This
is
That's funny.
Exactly. What I would see with Kramer is that he doesn't want to wear the mask and he's he'll be the exact person that calls it a scam. Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds exactly like Kramer. Have you ever read the, there's a subreddit for that? Were read it? Right, Steinfeld.
Right. Seinfeld. So it's literally people,
right? Episodes of Seinfeld.
that's
Well, yeah, so, I mean, it's I'm assuming it's to keep in the scene of uh the theme of Seinfeld, right, where the episodes have a very central theme, but it's very minor and they just all kind of overreact to it. Uh So keeping that, I'm sure I know there's one for Sonny. Well, I read Sunny One once in a while because it's funny. Yeah.
Yeah. I've never watched curb, but I'm familiar with it enough to know what they're talking about because I've seen, you know, lots of videos with that kind of superimposed over it, I think of course it's just larry David being Larry David. Mhm. Mhm.
fucking
it got pretty bad.
Yeah, I gave up on modern family and probably season four. It was funny, but it was very repetitive. What?
All
right, I think they're enjoyable, but they're nowhere near as good as the original three seasons, like the netflix stuff. It's not it's not even close, but
it's kind of hard. You know that the first three seasons of that show are incredible. Mhm. But yeah, I've seen all those. I'm a huge fan, 30 rock is probably my favorites.
Yeah, it's very much an NBC comedy. Uh Yeah, I thought it was really funny and the cameos were amazing,
I like I don't I don't watch football at all and I've never played fantasy football, but I like the lead because it was funny and like I I felt that I didn't have to understand the references to get to still enjoy the show. I didn't feel like that at all. So
five
Good time for you.
Yeah. Cause me to have a good one.