I'm doing well. I just I woke up late Around 10, 15 minutes ago, so both tired. Um How are you?
As I uh it seems like is that a lot
of Star Wars stuff behind you?
Yeah.
actually um
I made a friend
on Reddit like a couple weeks ago and she introduced me to DND this past weekend. I wasn't really into it, but it was still fun learning.
Yeah, we were doing a like a Witcher theme to our DND and because she found someone else on red, so it's just us two and then she would like direct stuff and then luckily yesterday she told me that she found someone else, so it's good for them because I had told them like it was just For me, I don't know, like one fight, Well we'll definitely be quicker if I kept playing, but one fight just like took like 30 or 40 minutes, I was like, Oh my gosh.
Um Yeah it was like uh roll 20
and
we made our characters on DND beyond dot net. So.
Yeah I thought it was like I thought it was like a board game where you could just but I guess it's more just because she talks about how she has to make modules, stuff like that. It's
Yeah
I'm really into chest so I've got chest stuff background. Um So that's that's my game I guess.
Yeah. Yeah it's it's fine. I've I played a little bit when I was a kid. I think probably my dad told me he also had this magnetic chess board that I would play against computer that was kind of cool. And then high school is when I started complaining complaining competitively and college it was just kind of like a fun club and after that it was just a lot of tournaments and stuff, but now it's just they're not doing any of the tournaments like for like another year, so a lot of online stuff.
Yeah, so with the tournaments you always, most
of time there's maybe like five or 10% are free, but most of the time you at least pay like 5 $10 but it can go all the way up to like 202 $150 for the entry fee. And there have been a couple of tournaments where I've made maybe like three or $400,
but overall it's just it's a lot more spent, but it is fun just having those good weekend sometimes.
No.
This magic similar to DND.
Mhm. That's cool.
Is there any sort of, oh, you were talking about that? There's a Star Wars DND version or like?
No.
Yeah, And then so you probably got into Star Wars like when you were a kid, were you were you were you like before you knew DND where you like trying to write like oh this is how I would continue the story, blah blah blah.
No. So you talked about work from home? So what what do you do
for your job?
Yeah, that's good. Yeah. My um I have a lot of friends who are working from home and some of them, some of them aren't even going back until like the fallen at that point. They'll see. But yeah, I um I was furloughed because I've been in a master's program to become a high school science teacher and the past three years I've been a substitute teacher and basically one of this Jobs in K through 12 education that got basically furloughed is substitute teaching because they don't need substitute teacher because even if a teacher is sick, they can still work from home or whatever. No, well, see I was applying because I passed the licensing in
april, so I license, but it's
been to find a job. So I right now I have biology as something that I'm certified to teach. But I feel like I need physics and chemistry because biology is kind of competitive and it's also a plus if I can have more endorsements, I'm working on some classes for that. Well physics class in a physics lab. I just have to wait until the community college opens up again to take the chemistry test. So I think that will be fine. And then in the fall it looks like kids will probably go back to school here because I'm in Illinois and we've done a pretty good job. So I'm thinking since I was in a K. Through eight district the last three years, I want to get into a high school district, two just have more high school experience. And I'm also going to be finished out by master. So I'm taking a class that starts in a week and then one in the fall. So yeah, that's kind of like what I'm doing. But yeah.
Say again.
So right now with it being the summer, I am tennis lessons, I think just during the summer it would be tough to find tutoring that's like from kid was studying for like the S. A. T. Or a CT or something. But yeah, the tennis is going well. It's it's like every, every day of the week I have something at least something. So that's good. And it's it's nice that I can do it privately and it's tax free and. Uh huh.
Um I started playing seriously, maybe like right after fifth grade and then I I got better in middle school and I played in high school and
played on the club team in college, but ever since college I haven't really found a lot of people to play with, but now On top of the 10ors, tennis teaching or tutoring whatever, I found this one guy who and we play like once or twice a week, so that's going well.
you
uh was there any sport that you played for a while? Right.
What what video games do you like?
Um So I I started playing it back in I think like March or so, and I I probably got like 30, 40 hours into it. And I think the problem was that a lot of times when I play on Xbox one and a lot of times I was in a party with my friends and I just, since the game seems like half dialogue, it was hard to understand the dialogue and keep up with the conversation at the same time. And then also my friends and I really got into a war zone because we've always been into like shooters and stuff. So
I think
I think once war zone dies down, which at some point I'll go back to the Witcher and that will just be more like I'm going to be playing by myself on it just so it's your plus I have this chest stuff here because uh probably about three or four weeks ago I started seriously streaming on twitch and trying to build that. So I go I play online chess on my laptop, which I'm using right now and I am working on streaming from my Xbox. So I'm like getting a connect. Well I have the connects camera now but I realized because I have a newer version of the Xbox, I need an adapter for it because it's like a weird report right
here. So, and um I
also think I want to eventually get into like a gaming PC like with mouse and keyboard. So I actually bought a cheap mouse and keyboard that I can play on war zone and I'll probably try Fortnite with it. I don't play Fortnite that often, but it supports mouse and keyboard and yeah, it's fun just uh it makes, it makes like a solo video gaming, which usually I'm not really into like a lot of farm because at least like I can kind of respond to people and I can try different things.
So yeah, that's about it.
Yeah. I know. Um Yeah it's mixed like. I know, so I looked and some of the streamers I follow a little bit and I know shroud he's like yeah this is like a two
week game and then I'm always done with it. We we hadn't played a Call of duty since like we were in college which was probably like five or six years ago, so We like we last played blackouts to which I think came out like maybe 2013 or so. So but this just we we like this because it was free and we've been into the battle Royals at least like we have been playing 49 for a while, although I hadn't really played it for the last year so but they were still playing it like a lot. So
um Yeah it was it made sense but I think it's we're not playing it as often and now we're we all kind of bought the multi player part of it because we really
like
this
mode called gunfights. So. Yeah. Right.
Yeah, I I basically switched from Fortnite to Apex Legends early last year and then I didn't really play Fortnite again. Um and with Apex Legends I found this guy and read it who we were playing for night kind of at a like doing like the tournament stuff, they're just the public tournaments and then we went to Apex. But then the problem was
that he decided he wanted to go back to Fortnite with his like in real life friends. So then when I was in Apex I just didn't like playing with like random people uh
like that
I
yeah, and then speaking of RPGS I had a lot of fun.
I probably put like 80 hours into Star do valley like
late last year. So it's kind of like a more farming mining type of RPG. Uh
It's on all of them. It's but it I am, yeah, it was, it was fun. The problem is that it
feels
like like when I go back into it just really boring because I've kind of completed
a lot of the goals. What?
Do those cost money.
and
stop
something else. I forgot to look up if I,
if I complete the main quest stuff, am I still able to do the side quest things?
No, I don't really watch netflix. I don't know, I'm just, I've been like, you talked about how you like tv shows, but I basically every year I watch South Park and it's always sunny in philadelphia and then like not much else.
I um I think for, so for South Park I've watched, I probably, I'm probably missing episodes, but with Always Sunny, I've seen every single
episode. Uh huh
uh huh Yeah. They had to change their stance the same with South Park because they are obviously not as raunchy and it's more sunny these days, it's more like they'll think of some sort of social topic and then they'll make their own commentary on it. So like in, I think this past season or maybe the season before they've had stuff on like global warming and transgender bathroom stuff and just like, it kind of, it's a lot of like the gang solves the blah blah blah crisis or whatever. It's more like that style, which it's all right. Just just sometimes it feels like sometimes it feels like they're just trying to check a box like oh yeah, we've covered this topic kind of thing.
Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, I guess like I another show I used to watch a lot with Seinfeld that was only like The seasons. Yeah, eight seasons. So
yeah, I really like it. I was So I have one friend because I'm I'm so good friends with like maybe 10 of us from our hometown and one of them, he's watched every Seinfeld episodes. So I told him like, what I would do if there was like a coronavirus episode and probably I know this one twitter account. I don't really go on twitter that much, but they talk about sometimes bringing modern things into a Seinfeld.
So I thought like
there's some things where we were debating. But I would I would say like either jerry's mom or dad has a birthday and they tell jerry like, oh, you should come, we're going to social distance, but him being a germophobe, he like doesn't show up and then he gets like chastised for that and I'm thinking like Elaine goes on a virtual date, like a zoom date with a guy and he's great but he has like some
sort
of silly background for his zoom but she just like can't get past. So she like breaks things up and then I was and then George like with the whole MLB thing, I was thinking okay somehow, somehow he inadvertently makes Steinbrenner think that there shouldn't be an MLB season and then Steinbrenner like tells the Yankees owner and that whole thing like causes MLB to not happen at all. All
Orange. And then I was the part where I was debating was like Newman and Kramer because we were thinking like maybe Cramer somehow like get some USPS workers sick by like sending out mail, but I didn't know why he would be sending out mail to like other new Yorkers. And then we were thinking like maybe Newman gets the virus just to get off of work for a couple of weeks, like you just get on purpose, but then it's like seriously affects him or I don't know, we were like, we're trying to figure out what Cramer or whatever, or like it could be like kind of be like the AIDS ribbon thing where he doesn't want to wear. So maybe Cramer just like doesn't want to where the master or whatever.
and my friend was saying like maybe maybe it's the whole thing where he learns that you can spread it when you're asymptomatic and he does the whole like, oh you just blew my mind kind of thing or something like that. But yeah, like not wearing the mask would be good.
Oh, I haven't seen that. What is that? I'm gonna write that.
Well.
That's cool. Do
they take like modern things or just like any sort of random thing?
that's cool. I am. I also watch some of the seasons of curb your enthusiasm, but I definitely need to catch up on that and I know there was an askreddit post a couple of weeks ago I saw us like what is the theme song to 2020? Someone said the curb your enthusiasm theme.
Yeah. I used to watch a lot of tv shows. There's just a lot of them ended. So like Game of Thrones, How I Met Your Mother. I watch like Other things earlier, like lost in 24 and trying to think of what else, like
what Her family. I watched for a while, but I just had to quit at some point.
Yeah, it was just it was very boring and I was just, I would just be on my phone the whole time. So I think I think the second to last season in the middle of that, I just like okay, I'm done.
And uh yeah, I like the witty whatever lines. It was just like okay, whatever. Um trying to think what else I watched. Um I don't remember and then I watched like, I don't know, I'm big into comedy. So it used to be like the office community in wreck and arrested development. Although I haven't seen like some of the newer seasons
of that.
Well
Oh, nice. Yeah. I I never got into that, but I know it's like kind of similar to the other ones.
Yeah. That's cool. I was actually, I was setting the Reddit Friends. I used to watch the league because my friends and I played a lot of fancy football and I, I think one clip and I was like, oh wait. And I realized that there's like a bunch of cameos that they had in that, that I forgot about. Like there was Sarah Silverman. There is Jeff gold room. I saw like diseases. Sorry, there was Seth Rogan. There's a lot of like pretty famous people plus the NFL players who would sometimes be honest. Yeah,
Yeah. Well bring
our, We've done 45, so. Okay.
Yeah. And then I just exit out of this I think. Right?