Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Okay. Oh mm. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mhm.
I don't know.
Good, How about you?
Second
hair? Sorry, I'm trying to use my headphones and it's coming out of my speakers here
a second. Um
uh sorry, I'm going to set up.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah okay so Uh huh. Yeah
there yeah,
so I'm not entirely sure what we're supposed to be talking about
what
Pretty good, I mean, you know the whole corona things been pretty crazy.
Uh huh. Yeah, just kind of getting used to it now I guess.
Well I'm still going to work actually um Yeah because I work in the transit and transportation company so um
we're essential workers I guess, but uh I've been working remote sometimes as well, so it's been like I don't know, probably two months now I guess. Yeah.
totally, totally. How long have a year? How long have you? Yeah.
that's it, it's weird like get rid of, you know, when you go to the store and he's wearing like a mask and stuff, it's just like, oh, it's like that movie or Yeah. Yeah.
River, you need to watch
it.
Yeah, I think I heard that.
yeah. Yeah, totally. It's, that's weird. But you're able to work and everything like remotely 100%.
Well,
How nice. That's awesome. Let's
go.
Yeah, totally. I know it's crazy.
Yes. So many people like, that's crazy. They work for like a transit agency and like data analyst and uh they laid off like 300 people like through the bus drivers like on friday and it was just like, oh God,
Yeah, exactly. Like you can come pick up your sex. I mean, they kind
of do, they weren't working really and anticipate. Yeah.
You think like the bigger like kind of corporations would have stuff in place?
No, totally.
I know, but I mean, I understand like, you know, like a local like mom and Pops place like,
you know.
Yeah, like a bunch of them really and getting into, they're all doing like, like uh The takeout stuff right now, but like it's just like, I don't know, is it like 20%,, you know, your normal way, you know, revenue stream or whatever? That's crazy. But
uh hopefully, I mean, doesn't sound like it's going to a new attempt soon, but
yeah. Yeah. It's, I'm starting to get a cab in favor of it place, blah locked
up
now.
Um Sometimes it is, you have a minute organs, so.
Yeah, we get a lot of right in here. Yeah. So, but I mean it's not been getting nicer like what about of it? But Yeah. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That would be what I mean. It's not it's not too bad here like I mean I can get out, you know, there's you know there's a lot of trails and stuff and could go on a walk and
it's an amount.
Yeah. Yeah. It's funny like right when it started to pick up, I was kind of on a big big hike and it's kind of weird like there's people still. Yeah like but uh yeah they've closed all the trails and stuff now so.
Yeah. But it seems like they're starting to open up a little bit. So it's like
I know.
It's like yeah my sister is like uh she's just she's just finishing a medical school and she's starting to residency and june and I'm like, that's gonna be crazy.
Yeah. Exactly. So just like
kind of worry about those people. But
do
you know anybody that it's like god made or anything.
Well,
Yeah. They had somebody that might work like was around somebody who tested positive. And he's like, they were like, okay, you can come and work anymore. And they had like guys come in with like Hazmat suits and like spray the place down.
Yeah. I was in
office like and I have like, there's nobody that works around being like, like,
You know, like a 30-foot radius. I'm like the only person. But they still were like, yeah, we're gonna come in here and spread. Yeah.
Mhm. Um So it's not, it wasn't always like that, but it has been since this whole
thing um
like uh we just one of the guys that kind of does similar, similar stuff to me and
he's a lot older and he's like, you know, and he's like kind of a, you know, he has some health issues so he's like I'm just going to be working from home and you're going to be the one that's going in and making sure this this ship sails. So but it's kind of I mean it's just like the only person I talked to every day is like the the front desk administrator. You know, I'm just like, hey how's it going? It's kind of strange. But yeah, got the place to myself.
so I work for the local transit agency up here in Portland and I work for the they have like a pair of transits side so it's like for people with disabilities and beginning no rather normal bus systems. So yeah, I guess my titles like data analyst, but a lot of it is like supporting the system and doing a lot of kind of like, you know, writing reports and all sorts of stuff like that.
Yeah. You do like python stuff, um, some data analysis with that just to kind
of,
Yeah,
I got a Master's and information systems a couple of years ago. Um, but I actually did my undergrad and like completely different fields. Um and I, yeah, like actually did like education and talk for a little bit overseas actually. And I was like, I don't know if I can do teacher.
just, it was like elementary school age. Yeah. So.
No.
Yeah. So.
Right. Yeah, it's interesting and I don't know.
I'm from here. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the next
place.
absolutely.
there's,
there's some
accurate
theater.
but they filmed it like on site and everything so it's like, yeah,
so that's cool. But yeah, no, but yeah, san Diego though, it's
like the dream
it
hey.
I don't think it's as bad as like
san Diego California.
Yeah.
It's not as bad as like L. A. Um Yeah,
my brother lived in L. A. For a couple of years and uh yeah uh you got to get out of there.
Yeah I went like visited him and he's like right on the beach and I was like, you know, for like three days I was there, I was like this is this is awesome. But then you're like okay, it costs a ton of money and
Yeah right now it's pretty
driving around, there's no traffic that's for sure.
Who's?
Yeah.
So are you setting chemistry?
Nice. That's awesome.
Like what kind of feel that?
That's
crazy.
Yeah, totally san
Diego would be uh top choice for sure.
Yeah, that's cool. So how long is that? We said it's
just kind of like going to get your research time and stuff right, Like yeah,
that's crazy. Yeah.
I don't
know,
It was two years. I did it in Chicago. DePaul.
Yeah, it was nice. Uh you know. Yeah,
From
the west coast. Yeah, it was nice. I've lived in new york for a little bit and
that was awesome right after, right after I did my undergrad and move there and I didn't really know what I was going to do at that point in my life and I was just like just
get their
hair.
There
were,
I
did
a little bit, I did kind of did like substitute station and then I was like, it was right after the yeah, Like the 2008 recession, so it was like kind of like not the best timing, but and then I uh just like waiting tables and looking for a year and a half, two years and then it's like I have had enough, but it was visible places, a huge city, you know, and like possible.
Yeah. That's it felt like, yeah, when I was there, everybody was like, You know, grinding, you know, doing like 20 different internships at a time and like, you know. Yeah. Yeah, it was, it was an extra same experience
I lived in um like little lower west side. I heard a kind of rash village area.
Yeah, yeah, West Village Off of 6th Street Actually, the small apartment with my girlfriend at the time. And uh yeah, it was a cool spot. It was
spot. Yeah. Great in Manhattan. Yeah.
Not
Yeah. So did you, so you lived in the midwest and then you move just moved to San Diego and
that's,
that's
good.
and certainly don't know many people, right, Like it's just yeah,
what? And it's a lot different than than the midwest.
he knows.
cheers.
how
did it go?
totally.
hmm. No.
Yeah, it's not. I mean, yeah, no, there's some cities where, you know, you could probably get a house for super cheap. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah,
but san Diego is one of those places. Yes.
God, that's crazy. Like garages
and stuff.
Do
you
ever go, do you ever go like Tijuana?
I uh
oh it's just so crazy that people go hard to that. But then I
guess it's pretty
much just do the right thing. It's like a suburb were like connected, so.
Mhm.
I
remember,
yeah, my I went there when I was like in high school, I went to san
Diego with like some trip for some basketball thing that one of my sisters was in and We went to Tijuana and I was like 17 and I was like, I thought I was hot shit and was like I'm going to get a beer and like, you know, they're like here you go. Yeah, that was years ago. But I'm sure it's quite a bit different now, but I just remember it was like, yeah, I'm in Mexico. Yeah.
but just
committed to
It's
funny
because like, I don't know, like organs I guess is kind of the west coast, but it's a little, it's, you know, kind of different than California. But um but yeah, like I could imagine like, you know, so maybe the midwest being like, yeah, like saved by the bell.
I've been there. Yeah,
it's probably in between san Francisco Oregon. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I like to drive like people like You can drive from like Portland to L. A. And it's like if you are just cruising like not stopping, it would be like 18 hours. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, I've been in California millions of times just if you could go there like every year, like my dad's from there. So. Yeah. Uh huh.
It's from kind of the bay Area. Kind of a not the greatest city, it's called Stockton. I don't yeah, it's kind of a rough rough spot. But
Yeah, it's like a in the valley uh probably 90 miles east of sectors. Yeah.
But we always pass reading and all those pots. Yeah. Be driving down there. But yeah, it's a big place, a lot of people. Mhm. Yeah.
40 million or something like that.
I like san Francisco is a little cool places. It seems like different than L. A. Like kind of like the cityscape and the kind of, it seems more dense or something. But
Uh wow. Mhm.
This is every better. Oh yeah we're past it right.
What do we do next? Have it just.
Sweet. Alright. Well good
talking
with you. Yeah. Good luck in your school.
Them.