true. Okay. Yeah.
Hey can you hear me? Hey man how you doing?
Good thank
you. Sure I have
I see. Yeah.
Country. Mhm.
What Well no problem.
Mhm.
Perfect. Yeah
I don't know man how
things were going for you generally?
Yeah it's an unusual situation.
Yeah it's been, how long have you been? I know the like rules have been different in different places but how long have you been like staying at home for most of the time?
I see.
Yeah you get used to the lifestyle after a while and now.
I think it's been like a month and a half since I started working remotely full time. Uh huh. So yeah it's crazy it's just uh I live right near a beach and I see people like standing right outside of it wanting to go like wanting to resume their normal activities surfing and what not and it's just like yeah
uh, I don't know if you've heard of or seen the movie contagion but
war
Well it's probably like 10 years old, but the streaming rates of it went way up
then. All sense of the outbreak started.
So I'm are
PhD researcher. I'm a PhD student. I do chemistry research in the lab and probably like 50-75% of my job. I can do remotely. Um, I'm just doing those things. I mean some projects are on hold obviously, but I'm doing what I can.
I'm
thinking, hey, thank God.
Private paycheck.
The longest period on a friday. Huh?
What?
And like I'm like people aren't riding the bus as much and stuff, but you know, there's like, I was surprised how many companies are like apparently always just on the verge of not being a company anymore. You know it's like a few months of like fund saved or whatever. I don't know how companies work really. But
american airlines. Yeah it's like one week with no flights and you're just like completely fucked forever.
I will not more ready.
Right. I'm really
worth. Do you have any favorite local businesses nearby that you're worried about?
What is it?
I know. Yeah. It could be a year.
Is the
weather like nice enough where you live you can just step outside.
It is impossible, wow.
Oh I see. Yeah, clue.
I live in SAn Diego so thankfully back here. Yeah. Um Yeah I
used to live in Minneapolis and I talked to some of my friends used to live there and like the first few weeks of quarantine it was snowing still like I can't even imagine nothing.
You got a formula. Our hope.
Did you do that for quarantine? Started to like something?
I mean around here, Yeah,
There one full, but yeah, I'm worried that they will be like a big second wave of infections on stuff when things reopen and people are, we'll
see.
Crazy time to start.
What?
No, for sure.
Different
Um, no one directly that I know is like confirmed infected with it. But like friends of friends are like friends, family members. A few people I know have been like tested positive. Um, probably a few other people have it but never got tested. They just
say because you? Re all these, these reports, like there's a huge shortage of tests and things and people just if their, their symptoms aren't like that severe, they just assume they have it quarantine for a few weeks and and then
Is it like an author?
All
I'm all
wow. What is that like a lonely set up at work?
All
Okay.
Perhaps.
Yeah. What kind of work do you
Do you have any like coding or?
I don't
know any coding but yeah.
Were you sts major?
Yeah. What age were you teaching?
And you're kind of, you did that
for a bit and you're just like, yeah. Okay.
Do you like your current
Is that what brought you to Portland or did you already live there?
right.
I've never been. I heard it's nice
gradually
or I
want, yeah, I watched the show Portlandia when it came out. Um I know how accurate of a depiction that is but
it looks like a fun way.
I'm
sure it's a
pleasure or, wow. Yeah.
Right. That's cool.
It's
Yeah I'm from the midwest and moved out here. Uh It's expensive.
I'm sure Portland's expensive
too. Yes.
it's um
but it's great down here. I love it. I love it. Mexican, superb. Uh climates obviously great. It's kind of crowded but whatever nice
place people over there. Yeah.
Yeah definitely.
Yeah. I've been I've not every like no one I've lived here for three years. I've not heard anyone in san Diego say that they love L. A. Or that they loved living in L. A. Or that it's like a fun place to been a long time. I visited a few times and had a good time. But I can see like not wanting to live there for sure. It just seems like
It takes me 90 minutes to get to work. It takes me 30 minutes to get anywhere.
I'm oh yeah I imagine.
So you
live in Portland now too Right.
Very nice.
Yeah I am yeah I've been here for like 2.5. Almost three years.
Yeah it's been great.
Um I study, so technically I study physical chemistry but essentially I study atmospheric chemical reaction. So I recreate important reactions that happen in the atmosphere in a vacuum chamber in my lab. And then I studied how they happen. I make molecules and then I shoot them with a laser and study
how they.
It's really cool. It's really hard. It's really really work. But I enjoyed a lot. I'm learning a lot of useful things that will help me hopefully get a job. The job market right now is not great but I got probably two more years of school here so. And san Diego is a great place. I'm sure you've got a masters in something you can't. That's grad school is really hard and shitty sometimes, but nice to be in a cool place for it.
We are,
for
in total average is like 5.5 years. It very personal person, but it's between five and six years usually.
Yeah, so you take classes for like a year and then it's pretty much all research
depend on your field, but yeah. Right.
All
of your masters.
Oh nice. I have a friend in a PhD program there right now. It's what you like going there
while I was like the one big city I went to A lot of the kids. I have a soft spot in my heart for Chicago. I love it. But it's definitely different. Did you like working
there?
okay. What was that like?
Did
you,
did you call you, were there a little bit or
what
did you teach in new york or what kind of
work did
you?
couple of my friends from college or from new york, and then After we graduated, like 10 of them all moved to New York and they live in various places and hang out all the time. I'm pretty jealous. But yeah, they're like a lot of them are like part time volunteering at something related to what they want to do and then they're waiting tables are washing dishes or something, sort of how it is.
Where did we live?
no. All right.
And that's it.
Yeah. I visited once had a great time. I would love to live there someday. We'll see, we'll see
your life. Yeah, we know there now. Uh huh,
Yeah. Yeah, I'm from Iowa and I went to undergrad in Minnesota
and then straight out of undergrad I moved to san Diego, didn't know anybody here. Uh
I
mean the climate was great and it was you know, a great place to move to but I was like 22. I've never lived on my, I had
Um
Oh yeah and it was hard to, it was hard to find housing like remotely housing around created around the university where I live. It's crazy like undergrounds are doing unbelievable things to afford housing. But I had I like
I was like so they have grad student housing that's like subsidized. Uh but I was on the wait list and I was on the wait list and I was on the wait list and they kept like and it just came down to like two weeks before I was supposed to move. I was like I know where to live, so I had to accept like a spot in a a two bedroom plus a loft apartment with five people that I had never met.
And I talked to one of them over facebook once I was like I need to get there, I for sure have a place to live and like I can't keep waiting for this grand housing thing. So for
like
For like six months there were six of us in that department. And thank God they turned out to be like pretty cool dudes and it was all okay but wow that could have been so terrible and
it will still like not there but once I once I was here for like a year and more secure social footing I found some better living arrangements. But yeah
moving to san Diego was with a weird experience but
my parents yeah
wow.
Yeah but under their people were like renting out like subleasing their living rooms and like
well
for all these and stuff. Yeah like it's
pretty
wild.
I have been once, it's a very popular thing to do here. They
just don't but I think especially if you want to go out like go party, it's a good place to go.
it's
like
yeah it's pretty close um the border crossing can be like time consuming depending on which way you're going and what time of day, but they have, people will like Uber to the border and then walk across and that takes like uh like I think driving across is what takes forever. But yeah people
go there like really really good food, it's really cheap, you can get beer for like a dollar. Um
It's
a phone call.
There are.
it's cool. Um But yeah moving out here was a crazy experience. Yeah
people
people in the midwest like have no accurate perception of like what California is like the culture or anything, do you sir? Okay. It's like no I don't I don't
have
time.
Oh yeah and they don't realize how big California is. Like my and uncle were like in uh san Francisco and then they bay area and then they went to Redding California, have you heard of that? I think it's near
And they're like
Yeah and they're like maybe we'll just like drive down and see you. I was like do you have like 183 hours like each way like no you won't rest down,
yeah that won't be the case. Will be traffic
What are some?
thank you.
Okay.
for sure. It's a
yeah I've been there once. I've been in the Bay Area. No thanks. Yeah.
Yeah something like that. I'm not sure.
Alright man. Uh
Yeah we're good.
I think on the other page you just hit the next era and we're let you go
to meet you man. Take it
easy.
Thanks. Good luck with your job
for you. Uh You and your family. Stay safe. Yeah.