SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty good. How you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty well? Pretty well. Can you hear me just fine?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I hear you perfectly. I got my headphones so I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Right good. Glad to hear.
SPEAKER_L: So what's your name and where you at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Carlos. I'm in California. And how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: jeremy. Um uh near Atlanta Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're the second person I've spoken to from Atlanta? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: How many times have you done this?
SPEAKER_R: well This is my 4th time.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, this isn't my sixth or seventh time. I'm not for sure. Like at one point in time they were like you could only do it like I think five times then they think do it up there like two more times. So it's even my six or seven times, I'm not for sure, but I don't mind doing them.
SPEAKER_R: It's yeah it's really easy money. Yeah, I can't complain.
SPEAKER_L: no, not at all, not at all. This is really crazy. Um I just get an email from Frontier Airlines there and uh I'm seeing round trip Puerto rico, 60 bucks.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's crazy cheap.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I've never been there before but you know, I'm thinking to myself like where are some places that I don't need a passport to go but I can kind of get that international experience and I mean I've been in national before but you know um like wow Puerto rico um 28 $28 each way. Not bad at all man.
SPEAKER_R: nah it's probably I know it's not like that for every line. Some airlines have resumed their normal pricing. Yeah I was trying to get a Southwest flight but the prices are back to normal.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Over this um like july
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: like I said I live blueberry Atlanta. I was able to go to Vegas um for 45 round trip man. Couldn't believe it.
SPEAKER_R: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you do for fun?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I just play a lot of video games. It's about sometimes they go out with friends, stuff like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: man? I love riding my bicycle. Um I like reading, I like being on the internet, looking at the news for some reason I've always been interested in the news. I like traveling internationally of course. Um But uh I'm a foodie man, I like to eat so like when I went to Vegas I flew out there just to eat in and out burger for three days. All right. Um But next month I'll be flying to not flying. I'll be um taking, we have something called mega bus. Are you familiar with them?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um, Their whole claim to fame, is it? They got a couple of seats on each bus for a dollar. And so I figured out the system and I've been able to get consistently $2 tickets. So I'll be going to Nashville. It's about maybe four or five hours away from me. Uh, there's a southern style or you can eat, uh, like family style restaurant man called normal. So I'll be going up there. There's a hostile right off the the area where like all the bars and stuff are in Nashville, where people are trying to become famous, singing in the bars called brought called broadway. I'll be staying at a hostel, like literally right around the corner from there. So it's gonna be good times man. But I I traveled to eat.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. What do you think about in and out?
SPEAKER_L: bro. I love it. I love it. Like
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: uh I was just telling
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: somebody
SPEAKER_R: operated at all?
SPEAKER_L: what do you think?
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's it's above it's I mean it's definitely one of the better places you can eat but I'm not like it's the greatest thing ever.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no no no no I would I would never say that it's the best ever but what I will say is that um first time ever had it was in san Diego and uh you know it's one of those things it's like wow this is this is good, you can see the actual fresh meat fresh fries of course. Um Which I think was is good but as far as like I mean hell man I've been to like let me see 12 countries besides the U. S. A. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna put in and out burger is like oh yeah it's the greatest experience ever. No it's not but as far as being good. Yeah it's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah at the end of the day it's just another chain. Just a little better.
SPEAKER_L: little better. Yeah. So you say, I'm not really a video game person, but you say you play video games, like what kind?
SPEAKER_R: Just a lot of Nintendo stuff.
SPEAKER_L: So you old school like when you say Nintendo, Which Nintendo original or 64?
SPEAKER_R: everything and anything
SPEAKER_L: Everything?
SPEAKER_R: related to the old stuff, the new stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Are you, are you in your, I'm in my forties. Are you in your forties?
SPEAKER_R: I look like I'm in my 40's
SPEAKER_L: I'm asking is the question,
SPEAKER_R: That looks like I'm in my 40s.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Like when you mentioned Nintendo, either my thing is this either you're in your late thirties or you might be in your early forties? Like me, That's what I was thinking.
SPEAKER_R: No no I'm in my 20s.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Okay. Uh so the question becomes in it becomes in this, why are you
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: interested in that platform versus the newer ones? Like uh, you know, like uh like Microsoft, where what's that other one? The play the Sony playstation.
SPEAKER_R: well Nintendo's got nearer stuff too
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: so yes I'm interested in both the new and the old.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you okay. Okay. Okay. See me. Um I remember when the Nintendo first came out like back, like in the mid eighties, so when you mentioned Nintendo forgive me for saying this Carlos, but I immediately thought of the the regional wonder sometimes if it overheated you have to blow on the tape, that's what I thought of.
SPEAKER_R: No you're good you're good.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, it's all good. Yeah, so um like for me back in the day it was of course Mario, I like him a lot and then Super Tech mobile, I I still got that on the rahm on the laptop I'm talking to you on right now. Uh Supertec mobile, it's the one where bo Jackson, whatever reason he just he can't get tackled.
SPEAKER_R: I've never played that actually. Uh huh. Nice. What do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: brought online english teacher
SPEAKER_R: What's the name of the company?
SPEAKER_L: VIP kid, you ever heard of him?
SPEAKER_R: I know exactly. I know exactly what that is, VIP Kid.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you get paid to basically teach little kids english conversational english man. It's pretty fun. It's it's a good gig. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: So it's a good thing you're on the eastern, you're on the East Coast otherwise because if you're on the West Coast you would not would not be able to do that,
SPEAKER_L: No man.
SPEAKER_R: there's no way you could report for that.
SPEAKER_L: No no not at all. Um I
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: kind of
SPEAKER_R: you able to get a lot of hours with them?
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's decent
SPEAKER_R: Listen.
SPEAKER_L: if it's decent I mean you know a couple 1000 a month isn't too bad.
SPEAKER_R: So it's so it's not full time at all. Just more of a part time thing.
SPEAKER_L: Uh For me it pays my bills man. I mean I view it as a um like a full time type of a thing. You kind of put your schedule out there for what you're available for and I've never had any issues with my slides not being filled so.
SPEAKER_R: And um it's an independent contractor type job. Right okay. So you're gonna take your own money out for taxes and all that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah you take care all of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah but I mean um and we we we've got people um working for V. I. P. Kids that are making like 80 $90,000 a year. Uh But they're working their butts off as well but it's it's all about what you want and then you got that person who is like you know what I just want to be able you know to pay a bill or two and you know they might put in like three or four hours a week you know not three or four hours with like 6 to 8 hours a week and there you go. But it's all about like what you what you want to get out of it. But I think that the way the algorithm works is the more that you're available um the more that it it kind of like rewards you and then there's all these other bonuses that you can get to like as far as as far as being available, as far as completing class is getting people to renew. Um All of those different bonuses add up as well. So
SPEAKER_R: I see. I see.
SPEAKER_L: they do a really good job of taking care of their people I believe so. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: they the only are they the first sl company that you looked at?
SPEAKER_L: um yeah there were other that I had heard about but they were the they were the one that kept popping to the top and I was like you know what um there's a reason why people keep talking about them so let me give him a shot. But at the same time I mean it's kind of weird because in the past I've actually been overseas um in Taiwan and also in china and uh I worked on the ground uh you know in asian countries and I never heard of them when I was overseas and and it's like wow but but mm now but they've only been around like since like either 14 or 15 so that's probably why I hadn't heard of them. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. For the zebra english and magic use paid pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: zebra english and
SPEAKER_R: Magic ears.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I've never heard of them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: worth looking into. But I mean you seem pretty set up with V. I. P. So it's not a big deal. Oh
SPEAKER_L: and did I ask you yet? What you do or did you say
SPEAKER_R: I know you asked. I work for a health care provider here in California. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: what what exactly like kind of like like uh if you were like what do you kind of do like?
SPEAKER_R: I'm an administrator. So um it's a lot of data entry, a lot of management. Um and we're getting to that time of the year where it's health care enrollment season so so it's pretty busy training people processing applications, all that good stuff. Yeah of course health care is not free here in the States so just trying to help people get good prices and get on good plans as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's interesting because like um I've been getting some of the emails from the government lately um saying like hey you know what if you if you're interested you can sign up blah blah blah so that makes sense now I didn't realize that um there was like an actual yearly enrolment period. That's interesting, awesome. Yeah. Um when you mentioned health care not being free um when I lived in Taiwan that was the first time that I ever dealt with universal care and it was the greatest experience because I can see a doctor whenever I wanted. Um It was very cheap, you might only spend like a dollar or two to see the doctor. Uh
SPEAKER_R: That stuff.
SPEAKER_L: then the doctor also had a pharmacy in their doctor's office. What the crazy the most interesting story though with universal health care that I ever dealt with. I had a like a flu virus when I was in Taiwan from eating food sickness and I have to go to the emergency room and it only cost me $25. Like
SPEAKER_R: That's nothing, that's nothing.
SPEAKER_L: it blew, it blew my mind and then I come back here and it's like you know you know how it is, you know? It is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really it's really sad how um the U. S. Is one of the first is one of the only First world countries that really hasn't hopped onto that train. Yeah and we could easily adopt it. It's just a matter of taxing all the billionaires. Like if we adopted it, normal people wouldn't pay a penny more out of pocket for it.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I've been hearing stories about how like our our senators I'm talking about on the federal level like senators and the representative of the type of health care plans and they got like I would love to be able to get in on that man, that would be great you know? But hopefully something comes out uh There shouldn't be a reason why we don't have it, you know? But like you said, it's possible to um if you text in the right way, you can you can get the money, but I was reading somewhere um okay, like our military budget, if we were to take like only 3% of our military budget, we could feed the entire world, so if we can if we can do that with 3% of our military budget, then we could easily give everybody in the USa healthcare.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what's so messed up about the situation right now is um we act like we don't have money for this or for that, but in reality it's just the way that we allocate money. It shows that we clearly do have the necessary funds for free tuition, free health care, et cetera. But we're just putting it towards these things that literally affect like Less than 3% of the population, literally less than 3% of the populations where all the all the money is going to, but then all these people, like in higher positions will lie and say, oh well we can't we don't have the money for this or that. So I guess we do, yes,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: it, we got it, we we just gotta we just gotta figure it, figure it out. Now. I will I will say this, I gotta say this just because and me um we're on the money, we've got I'm not I'm not religious at all, but on the money we've got in God we trust. And it's like come on now, like you put that on the money and if you really believe that, I'm not saying what people do or don't not judging them, but if you really believe that it's like look let's let's take care of let's take care of the people when I was going to church, I'll never forget that uh this priest, he was like look with all the churches
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: we have in the U. S. A. If every church adopted like a homeless family and a homeless person, we could completely in homelessness. And I was like, wow. So I mean what you're saying, like we've got it's all about allocations. Uh and uh I think put getting the priorities right because like if
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: you take care of your people, you'll be fine. Um But even right now, um like I was looking up north of Canada and then over of course in europe, uh even Australia for the pandemic that we have right now, they were given away like thousands and thousands of dollars to their citizens every month, like just north in Canada and it's like, wow, you know, you can do all of that and then you got people here who they got that stimulus check for the 1200 but that doesn't take care of everything else that they need. And again it goes right back to allocation like it really does. So I thank you for mentioning that and also simplifying it because unfortunately a lot of people like to make it more complex than what it really is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's not complicated at all.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely remember reading about that that other countries even currently are still giving their residents covid relief. They were, you know, depending on the country. Some people were getting straight checks every month. Some, some countries were giving their residents percentages of what they regularly earn. And it wasn't just like a one time small thing that we're getting here, which is, it's so bogus.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this whole, this whole coat, this, this year, 2020 is really for the first, it's the first time in my life that I really am felt so poorly about being a citizen of the United States and like almost feel embarrassed. I'm like, look at the way we're handling covid compared to everywhere else. Look at the way we're taking care of our residents, look at our healthcare, our tuition, even racial matters, social social issues. It's really the first year that I've been like, man, I don't, I'm not really super proud to live here. It's kind of embarrassing,
SPEAKER_L: Very, very much so. Very much so. Um I will I will say this though like for the first time because I never thought the black american that um white americans would stand up, like uh like I was like there's no way that it could possibly happen. Uh huh I was on a bike ride over the summer and for about a mile there were a majority white people like had like a demonstration like basically saying like, you know, like we should respect, you know, black americans and publicly blah and I'm like wow, this is, it was kind of overwhelming for me, like from like uh I'm talking about like um like emotionally and spiritually, like I'm like, wow, I can't believe that they're that they're doing this. Um but at the same time um I've reminded people that we have other because everything in this country isn't just black and white. And I keep trying to remind people like like we got other and I hate to use the word minority, but we have other non black nonwhite people and they're just as important. Like we can't keep thinking that
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: we're like in the civil rights era and nobody else exists. Because the truth is those other groups of people existed back then as well. Um but I I think that at the end of the day, what it really boils down to is we have to really understand the importance of of each other because if we don't, and if we don't like the, we talk about the economy is if the economy is like Wall Street or if the economy is like, you know, this non human. But the truth is is that this society that we live in, it rises involves with with with the citizens, the humans that that you have in it. If they're, if they feel safe and if they feel secure, then they're going to be productive and they're gonna raise families and they're going to be you know happy and content into the data. But if they don't if they have like scarcity, if they have fear they have all these other things going on in their lives, you're not gonna get a strong society, you're gonna you know be what it is. But the other thing I will say um Yes I have been very embarrassed as well like wow like 2020 is really um open my I mean my eyes were opened but it is really like solidified a lot of things that I believe. Like wow like we've got a lot of issues that we just we haven't really worked on and we have a lot of things that we have to fix um And and until we get to that point uh we're just gonna be like it's going to be the same old same old, you know, like, oh, well, I thought we fixed it. No, we, we we haven't fixed it, and, but I, my hope is that we we can fix it
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately, I think a lot of it is just a matter of time, you know, the people that are in power right now, especially in Congress are just of a different mindset of a completely different generation. But I think a lot of it's just a matter of time until our generation, you know, get since there are thirties, forties, fifties, sixties and
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: they're the ones in Congress.
SPEAKER_L: you're right. I mean, it's not putting down the baby boom generation, or the folks are a little bit older than them, but at the end of the day, what I'm seeing, um and especially being in my forties, looking at the twenties and the 30 year olds, like, I'm really excited because I'm like, wow, like, like what you all are doing, man? Like if we we had the public enemy song, you got to fight the power, but y'all on another level, man, And I'm just like, you know what? I'm like, Dave chappelle? Like, when they came to Dave chappelle, they said, what do you have to say about it? He's like, listen, don't come to me, I'm just I'm an observer, I'm just looking, I'm a supporter, I'm an I'm an ally and and that's what I am, and I'm just, you know, an ally, because, like, we've got people stepping up, but you're right, the more that time moves on and these types of folks begin to get older and get in office and get in power and take over some of these institutions, whether they be government institutions or not. Uh we're going to see a new a new America. Um and I look forward to that day. I might be in my sixties by the end, but who cares, at least it came, but but it will, it will come. Um right now what you're seeing two is a little bit of uh damn man. Like, I I don't care, man, I'll never talk to you again. It's all good. Um trump like his supporters. They came out of the woodworks. So what it showed me like after Obama people were talking about how we were post racial. But the truth was I tell people I said hell no we ain't post racial. And then trump came out and he got elected and those folks no disrespect to them, but they're going to begin to get older, they're going to begin to phase out and it's coming man. But but but the thing is we needed to see this ugliness that exists in 2020. We needed to see it because if we don't know what it looks like, like you're you're healthcare administrator as a health care administrator, you can't solve what you don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the whole trump presidency definitely exposed a lot of people that have actually been living with us our entire lives, it's just that this presidency made millions of people feel more comfortable with bringing views that they have of others to light that they wouldn't have brought forth otherwise.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes. And for me, like I grew up um my father is a position and so he was able to give me a life that I would have never gotten, um if he weren't out of position. And so I went to predominantly white schools growing up and I was exposed to some things good and bad in those environments. And so I kind of knew even back then I'm like, man, these people, they're still there. And then when I went on for my Masters degree only back in 2000 and eight, I lived in Kentucky and I was able to see uh, the so called deplorables that Hillary clinton talked about living in Kentucky and they felt back in 2000 and eight they said were being overlooked, nobody cares about us. And they were they were given a voice and boy did they speak? You know? But it's all. But for me, like I mentioned earlier, I went to predominantly white schools. I've dealt with some racial issues being in those environments, but I've also been in those environments, gave me access to education and you know, I went to a top 100 school in the U. S. A. Public school. Um So I I was given the best, best and worst sometimes but but I knew that when I uh got to grad school I was like oh my God these folks if they were ever able to be unified, this is dangerous. So and I saw it like I said back in oh eight and once it came to be I'm on a website called cora. It's a question and answer website and I wrote that answer like hey uh mentioning the fact that I was in Kentucky and the fact that you know, um if they feel comfortable with you, which for some reason um uh white people are very comfortable expressing to me sometimes what they really, really feel what they won't tell Tyrone, but they'll tell, they'll tell jeremy. And I was like dad was like is it that bad or is it really as bad as you guys claim that it is? No, it ain't that bad, but but what I'm happy about uh by the time everything is all said and done, we got the first asian and uh black american vice president, we got biting in there and it's like you said, it's just gonna take time. But for me I would rather no what you really feel then you lie to me and I was happy that those folks told me the truth. Thank you for telling the truth. Uh thank you for telling me how you really feel. But the truth is, is at the end of the day, um you're not going to change this country from becoming what she's becoming and she's, I think
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: she's becoming greater and not worse, I believe. So.
SPEAKER_R: I agree with that, my man, it's um it's been a great chat, so I'm gonna yeah, that went by pretty fast.
SPEAKER_L: It always does. But thanks. Carlos were speaking truth to power and let me know how you felt. It's
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: always,
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: it's always good, man. Just keep doing you man. And, uh, and enjoy your life, man. Keep kicking ass.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks for the thanks for the kind words.
SPEAKER_L: You're welcome. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I have.