Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty well? Pretty well. Can you hear me just fine?
Right good. Glad to hear.
I'm Carlos. I'm in California. And how about yourself?
Oh you're the second person I've spoken to from Atlanta? Yeah
well This is my 4th time.
It's yeah it's really easy money. Yeah, I can't complain.
That's that's crazy cheap.
nah it's probably I know it's not like that for every line. Some airlines have resumed their normal pricing. Yeah I was trying to get a Southwest flight but the prices are back to normal.
Hello?
That's amazing.
Mhm. I just play a lot of video games. It's about sometimes they go out with friends, stuff like that. Yeah.
How about yourself?
No.
There you go. What do you think about in and out?
It's
not
operated at all?
I mean it's it's above it's I mean it's definitely one of the better places you can eat but I'm not like it's the greatest thing ever.
yeah at the end of the day it's just another chain. Just a little better.
Just a lot of Nintendo stuff.
everything and anything
related to the old stuff, the new stuff.
I look like I'm in my 40's
That looks like I'm in my 40s.
No no I'm in my 20s.
Well
well Nintendo's got nearer stuff too
so yes I'm interested in both the new and the old.
No you're good you're good.
I've never played that actually. Uh huh. Nice. What do you do for work?
What's the name of the company?
I know exactly. I know exactly what that is, VIP Kid.
So it's a good thing you're on the eastern, you're on the East Coast otherwise because if you're on the West Coast you would not would not be able to do that,
there's no way you could report for that.
Are
you able to get a lot of hours with them?
Listen.
So it's so it's not full time at all. Just more of a part time thing.
And um it's an independent contractor type job. Right okay. So you're gonna take your own money out for taxes and all that?
I see. I see.
Are
they the only are they the first sl company that you looked at?
Okay. Okay. For the zebra english and magic use paid pretty well.
Magic ears.
worth looking into. But I mean you seem pretty set up with V. I. P. So it's not a big deal. Oh
I know you asked. I work for a health care provider here in California. Yeah
I'm an administrator. So um it's a lot of data entry, a lot of management. Um and we're getting to that time of the year where it's health care enrollment season so so it's pretty busy training people processing applications, all that good stuff. Yeah of course health care is not free here in the States so just trying to help people get good prices and get on good plans as well.
That stuff.
That's nothing, that's nothing.
Yeah. It's really it's really sad how um the U. S. Is one of the first is one of the only First world countries that really hasn't hopped onto that train. Yeah and we could easily adopt it. It's just a matter of taxing all the billionaires. Like if we adopted it, normal people wouldn't pay a penny more out of pocket for it.
Yeah that's what's so messed up about the situation right now is um we act like we don't have money for this or for that, but in reality it's just the way that we allocate money. It shows that we clearly do have the necessary funds for free tuition, free health care, et cetera. But we're just putting it towards these things that literally affect like Less than 3% of the population, literally less than 3% of the populations where all the all the money is going to, but then all these people, like in higher positions will lie and say, oh well we can't we don't have the money for this or that. So I guess we do, yes,
we
do.
You
know.
thanks.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not complicated at all.
I definitely remember reading about that that other countries even currently are still giving their residents covid relief. They were, you know, depending on the country. Some people were getting straight checks every month. Some, some countries were giving their residents percentages of what they regularly earn. And it wasn't just like a one time small thing that we're getting here, which is, it's so bogus.
Yeah, this whole, this whole coat, this, this year, 2020 is really for the first, it's the first time in my life that I really am felt so poorly about being a citizen of the United States and like almost feel embarrassed. I'm like, look at the way we're handling covid compared to everywhere else. Look at the way we're taking care of our residents, look at our healthcare, our tuition, even racial matters, social social issues. It's really the first year that I've been like, man, I don't, I'm not really super proud to live here. It's kind of embarrassing,
It
unfortunately, I think a lot of it is just a matter of time, you know, the people that are in power right now, especially in Congress are just of a different mindset of a completely different generation. But I think a lot of it's just a matter of time until our generation, you know, get since there are thirties, forties, fifties, sixties and
they're the ones in Congress.
yeah, the whole trump presidency definitely exposed a lot of people that have actually been living with us our entire lives, it's just that this presidency made millions of people feel more comfortable with bringing views that they have of others to light that they wouldn't have brought forth otherwise.
The
I agree with that, my man, it's um it's been a great chat, so I'm gonna yeah, that went by pretty fast.
of
course.
Thanks for the thanks for the kind words.
All right. I have.