Hello.
I'm doing
well,
how are you?
Yeah. Uh Yeah so the way I understood it it was either there's going to be guidelines like something constructive or it was just gonna be a conversation. Um And I didn't read anything about any kind of criteria when they launched itself.
that's uh that's fine We're looking at 2:00 right now thank you for being on time. I appreciate it. We're gonna get this bonus the size
I'm
sorry Ziggo
gotcha. I live in Bakersfield California which is a couple 100 miles away from Los Angeles. Yeah. Yeah. Where you from?
I've never been that far off the east Coast before.
Chicago is uh Chicago special. I went to I went to boot camp in a city that's basically just a suburb of Chicago and it's it's it's a it's a very interesting suit. That's right. Mhm.
Yeah I'm doing doing a remote work. Usually I work in I. T. But
now I'm just doing like transcribing kind of freelance work.
Yeah pays the
bills. Do you are you working too?
So what does that entail
Well
for sure. How did you get to a field like that? I mean that sounds really interesting
Well
it sounds like it's maybe like an intuitive type thing it's not really like a concrete instead but yeah that's really interesting. I've been I've been trying to get myself into the world of finance more just kind of a hobby level. Um
man there's so much to it so much to it.
that's
true
Two.
the position of financial advisor has to be such a powerful thing to wield over some people. I mean especially I think that the retirement accounts just hanging out in your control. I got that that's
that's a
lot of power.
What?
partner and Yeah. Yeah.
Um Yeah I'm just trying to I'm just trying to get educated, you know I I that I love to learn about stuff I don't know and as soon as I allowed myself to even kind of start to dabble in in the world of finance and see what's going on, I mean it was, it was like it was like I had discovered one of my, one of the fields that I like to just think about and learn about it was like I just discovered a whole new mantra, like arguably bigger than the ones that I've been you know fascinated with. So it's really exciting
so much to it.
and it also serves the purpose. I like to sound smart
and so so yeah you get to educate my family because they're not very well their money uh minded much. And so I do get this now. Pretty smart, I like sounds smart, so I get to tell him that you want to make sure that you're sticking this year you want to work with. So.
are.
And you know there's a there's a I feel like there's a perception that goes along with um if you have a conversation with somebody about finance, not just about money but about finance, there's I feel like there's kind of a public perception about those people as greedy or as like narrow minded, almost like the short sighted and just focus on money all the time. But I mean it's a I think that it's it's almost silly if you don't get educated whatsoever because now you're I mean this is the way the world literally operates and you're not advancing your knowledge it and trying to better yourself in it. And instead just being woefully ignorant and then having that projection people, I feel like I feel like that's something I've come across a few times. Mm.
And yeah, just hold it. Yeah.
And that's the thing is that with things that people don't understand oftentimes they take a hostile attitude towards it. Right? So
yeah,
Nope, it's
2020 America man, that's that's not the trend, unfortunately, unfortunately, but I I'm lucky you don't have to combat that in my everyday life. I my my deal is people just trying to use me for my skills because I work in I. T. And so my friends and colleagues self be like, hey, I need to fix the computer and I'll say, well I got these nine things that I've got going on right now, maybe a little bit later. That's really urgent, I gotta get fixed. And so that's, that's what I have to combat is I'm too nice with just
giving these out to people.
Um So ever since the pandemic, it I before that I did work for a small business. Um It's technically a small business. I mean they generated over $2 million 15
people on set. Um So technically a small business, but I mean it hit me hard and a lot of the clientele that was generating all that revenue for the company that just broke the contract as fast as they could because they think it's gonna be a while. So they had to lay out a bunch of people. But ever since then I just really like it's getting transcribing work because I live in Bakersfield and it is not. Uh huh
or any kind of technology. Nothing.
Yeah. It's horrible.
And
Are
slash were money. Yeah.
What?
No.
I've not yet participated in something like that. I would love to because uh I've done a few of them person. I haven't done a note.
It sounds really interesting.
Yeah.
definitely
apply to get in there because I'm always looking for ways to uh increase my online revenue, unfortunate as it were. Mhm.
But.
other ways to earn our life?
Who? Or? Yes, I did just find it and.
Yeah.
Has.
Just.
gossip.
What?
Yeah. There's no love lost with that guy. Sound like.
I have a I have
an account. I'm sorry. Absolutely.
I mean
I mean if you if you if you diversify your income on the internet enough I mean you can make it very comfortable crumbling.
Really?
Well
that's
jesus.
Yeah I went ahead and I said to requesters on that first group's thing once I get approved I'm definitely for sure because I mean I've got so much time on my hands so and there's only so much of it that you can fill with transcribing
62nd maximum audio clips. I mean it's really nice work because I don't get I don't have to it allows me to channel all the stress of like you know it's stuff out there and I just get to just sell out
for a while. But oh but after a while man I
miss I miss having arguments with workers.
it's very simple and you earn as much as you put into it but at the same time it's like
you need to do burnout burnout. I mean oh after an hour I'll be like I can't do any more of this today not just the break, I can't do it today.
Thank
you.
it's taxing it's your brain your brain starts to go okay what else what else what you have done to know nothing else nothing else to do this. It's rough.
Yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of ways for just really anybody to make a little bit assignment. There's I don't know if you know about it but if you are for any reason the more revenue streams um it is pretty small but it's kind of nice because you also have the added benefit of service as well. There's sign ups for big if you've ever heard of that. Okay. Yeah, that's it. I found that one recently and I've been like just sucking a draft as much as I can.
yeah, thank you. I appreciate that. I mean it's just any kind of computer right now, especially in this part of the state is just sucking, I mean, I hate to hate the emotion. It, but this part of the state that I live in, it's so it's so red. Um It's just I mean there's no funding going to anywhere that makes any sense.
And so like, I mean There's no incentive for small technological base businesses to come here or to start up. I mean it's just they want they want people to stay in normal and agriculture out here and in 1940. I mean it's just
it's
um there's uh there's I E C. I know that that's one for sure. That's an oil company. I know Halliburton's couldn't figure out here. Um What else is that? Um Ages, ages oil uh Natural resources. I mean, it was just there's so much oil out here that they have steered the economy towards that so hard that now that the world started to shift away from oil, it's not catching up
and it's just like you get to just stay like this, it'll be fine, please. It's it's really difficult to find any need for that. I just moved from Portland Oregon in July of 2018. Um And the ship and the ship is the same.
Absolutely, as soon as I can, I only moved down here because the cost of living
in the state of Oregon in the city where I was alone was so high and there was not a feasible alternative. So I came down here because constantly so cheap. I've also got something down here But into his 90s.
I mean
if I can if it's in the cards for me, I'd like to go to Austin.
Yeah. Austin texas. I mean it's a beautiful city and so friendly and it's wonderful and it's I mean it's also the progressive bastion of the state other than that back to Oregon probably.
Are
you are you are you pretty content and you like them? Yeah.
That's what I hear. It's expensive.
World.
Uh Yeah. Right. About 500 bucks. You can get a studio.
I
mean I this is a two bedroom, one bathroom. I mean 900 square foot apartment. He paid $825 a month for.
Right. That's a man.
How
is the income match the cost of living there? I mean is there a balance or is it not really?
Yeah. So many people to pick from?
So.
Everything to be in that frames that all these things are pre covid.
And
I mean it must have been, I mean how was that when during the peak of when new york was really kind of like the hell of covid. I mean it's no longer that it's really kind of the sun belt states at this point. But I mean how was that for you individually
when you
stay home?
Yeah. The same here. Same here for the first few weeks or so. It was it was ever since people have not cared at all about the virus where I live and they're just not doing but
Do you know they
don't wear masks and it drives me and safe. Gavin Gavin Newsom, governor of California. We made it a mandate like as a week and a half ago where people have to wear masks in public places and I mean all all grocery shop, we're gonna get like a few of the things that I need and I'll be one of maybe 15 people Like I'll be one wearing a mask and they'll be 14 people that actually not wearing masks and they just don't care to.
and
by
the
one
they will actually enforce that rule.
And
I
I mean that's the thing is that new york is not, here's here's uh oh, I'll give you exactly how I feel about this while trying to be as light as possible because this is kind of a hot button issue. My mom got killed. So this is kind of a kind of thing. Um I mean there's there's people in the country and moreover, all the world, but there's people in the country who I think that you should wear masks when, when it's realistic to do so like when we're inside and when it's more so, especially when we can social distance, if you wear a mask, we have to do it inside. It's good practice to just do it in general.
There are also people who don't wear masks, what are in the position to where masks, which would influence more people in public to best wear masks and slaves, right? Um and part of California that I live in is so heavily inundated with people in the latter camp and not the former and they just, they think that it's a sign of weakness and it is mind boggling. I just don't get it. They, the walmart and we go to the grocery shopping has a sign on the front of it that says you're required to wear a mask required to wear masks. And like they'll be employees sitting out front with their masks down below the chin. I mean, chit chatting with customers. You don't have a mask on that. It's just mind box.
Oh,
and I don't get it. It's like you're so against mask wearing anything. It's such a week. Not much for me to do then how about the next time any surgery? Just let your surgeon's knot where I'm asking just for eating coffee. Little mood. And now we find
then then we'll see who likes masks he doesn't like. Yes.
It's Yeah.
But
and
it
is
it
is the most bizarre year I've ever experienced. Why is that? What was your name? I didn't catch your name,
David. I'm Deborah, it's good to have met you. I
think
we're I
think we're just going
to show
it on time,
so, man. All right.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
I just I just got lunch something excited about,
Will do
reserve.
For
And and do you think that I should try to take part a couple of times a few times before I send him an email?
What?
I'm
Well, I I I certainly appreciate the reference and thanks for thanks for the tip. I appreciate them. I am actually looking forward to that because you said 100 a couple 100 bucks for an hour long sometimes. So, I mean, I was very excited.
I appreciate that. Thank you.
Good luck to you, too. Great estimates.