Oh you can hear me sorry for my camera. How's it going?
I'm
good,
I'm good. Um So I think I don't I don't think there's guidelines for this, Right? It's just
Yeah. So I guess we all have a conversation for 25 minutes. Uh huh.
Where are you? Which today are you from? Which
city
with city are you from?
I'm a live in new york new york city. All
I've never been that far, you know on the west coast as well. The furthest I've been is probably Chicago, so it's not. Uh
So yeah, do you work right now or are you at home?
That's nice.
Oh, nice, nice size.
That's
Yeah. I worked in the city, I worked for a financial services company. Um Yeah, and mostly like corporate strategy. So yeah.
Uh So basically we have like different different units. So how it works is that I cover like uh investment for some business units um for like a geography. So right now I cover like us and europe and then my colleagues cover the other stuff. Like we work on all types of investments so it can range from like marketing investments to like sponsorships to like
take technological infrastructure upgrade investments. So.
Yeah. So um initially I studied business, so I double majored in accounting and finance, and then
I worked for a bank for a while, so a french bank uh went through like uh rotational program and then I figured I want to do something else and I ended up my current company. So it's very different but you know it's it's strategy so it's not very specific, like you don't need a specific set of skills, it's pretty pretty much you learn as you go. Yeah.
That's good. Yeah.
Yeah. So yeah that's it. There's so many researches are online right now. So
I
think yeah for like a normal person that doesn't work well normal for just like a person that doesn't have the financial background. It's good to get acquainted with you know the financial concepts because a lot of people they go see you know financial advisors and they just suckered into investing in mutual funds, right? But like if if your network isn't worth is not that high you could just put your money into uh E. T. F. S. Right? So you like you're paying less fees and the performance will hire because of that. And you
know it's like a lot of young I see a lot of young people that are too lazy and this is the money to the advisor that out.
That's
that
that's the thing. So most of the time they just hang out right they invest they invest in like this group of fun. So let's say You have your money with bank of America so they
just spread your money to like different you know mutual funds just to so you stay diversified and that's it. They charge like 2% on that. And then the mutual funds have like fees themselves which you don't directly pay because it's already like in this check.
so that's good for you that you're learning.
and you
so much like and you can even like educate your family you know? So that's the thing it's like you start learning then they start learning and then it goes it goes.
true.
and there's so many tools like apps you know just to invest your money so it's
very accessible nowadays people should take advantage.
these people, yeah, you're right, we're not interested and they just form an opinion just like that,
Like you work for a bank and it's like, like you say, oh you're narrow minded, greedy, you just want to take people's money, but people that they don't understand how it works.
Exactly. At
least the open minded if you don't know, you know about that subject, is that you're right
if they
You know what
are you with uh freelancing or do you work for a company? Right.
I get,
I know
and that thing, wow.
Yeah, I used to yeah, the main reason uh I'm still
on prolific is because back when I was in college I used to do like these these types of, you know, jobs just for for side money, they call it their their money on, I'm
ready.
exactly. So I used to do that and it just, I guess whenever I have time I'll just go prolific and I don't do surveys anymore, but I used to do them like every day back when I was
in school and I used, yeah, so like surveys and then prolific and then I do focus groups as well. Yeah. But like now the number of focus group has uh, went down because of the funding. You know, they don't have as much funding as before, but, and because of the virus people, you know, they can't go to the offices, but there's been like a few that, uh, you know, to companies that are looking for remote, you know, remote um,
focus groups.
I'm like, yeah,
yeah, I have this facebook group a kid invite you if you want. But are you can I'll just give you the name so how it works. It's you start in like a basic place, let me just pull it up. It's called focus groups. And other ways to work to earn online, tip it on facebook. Yeah,
I think it's a private group but you should
be able,
like
I know some people that well they don't really how to say this. They don't use this, you know to earn money as a career but it's it definitely helps them. It's exciting come like I use it just whenever I have time. I like I enjoy doing it. So have you found a group, it's called focus groups and
Yeah. Cool. Work ideas. Yeah.
So this is like the, okay like the, I would say levels so there's two levels. This would be like the group that level one. So you don't get that many remote studies in here. You guess some of them. But some people will post like um
in person studies you know in various areas. Uh But if you really want to go into the second group you can email the admin. I think his name is paul. If you're going in members you could you could send them a direct message to let them know that you wanna join like the second level group uh with the remote studies and then he'll let you in. Um So how it works is that it's on a donation basis.
So whenever you get into studies you're supposed to you know take back 5 to 10 bucks per per study you get in. And then you know every month you can donate you know $5-10 or if you don't get anything that month you just tell the guy look I can get into any study. So you
know I appreciate your work because he's very trigger happy. So if you don't donate you don't donate or you don't thank him. You know he's doing
all that way for free. Right? So if you don't donate are taking he'll kick you out like
that. So.
Exactly. Exactly. But at the same time you get it like it's his full time career. So he does studies, he does like uh and Turkey. You know I'm Turkey like amazon
It
Yeah so he does like that stuff all the Internet stuff surveys. That's his career. So he gets
he has like 200 members get.
I've yeah I've been into like if you focus your apps they paid Like over 100 - 200. Yeah.
Yeah for like one hour some some pay more
obviously.
But
yeah you should write them and you know just try try it out.
Oh yeah I see.
it's predictable.
It's.
Yeah. Yeah that's true. It's like there's no stress right? Because you know what to do and you just transcribe, it's pretty easy to four.
You burn out easily, right?
I
remember
doing like surveys while I was in school and I'd spent hours on that. You know whenever I have a break and I'd have to you know just do something just to do something. I just go through them and you've been out so quickly. It's not it's not easy. It's not easy.
So yeah, I think that this could help. What else? Well you you said that you know the Reddit the beer money separated? So you have like that transcribing focus groups enter prolific helps.
Yeah. So there there's yeah there's a lot of avenues that Yeah. Hopefully you could find some work soon. You don't have to.
Shit.
Also the
what are the companies that are in your area?
This shit.
Are you gonna are you looking to move elsewhere for now?
It's
Yeah. Where are you thinking of going? But I ended
up
Oh yeah texas. Is those? Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, it's
probably
It's expensive year. Yeah.
rent is you know it's like two grand for a studio. I'm sure you pay wailer,
you probably have like For 500 you probably get a studio where you are.
That's
it.
Is it like Yeah, like you pay two grand for like a pre war building, also it's not like a luxury building like well well yeah, I'm saying that's what I meant. So
yeah, if you go
to like
So not it depends so if you have the opportunity to go for these super high salary positions that pay like there's way more opportunities. Um It's just that you have to make it, they're like wonder.
Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. There's a lot of competition as well, but I feel
like yeah, if you can move up, you see there's so many opportunities that if you're not happy where you're you are and you're underpaid you can always jump elsewhere. But with. Yeah, but that's free virus. Pretty cool video. No.
we'll
see what happens. Yeah.
I was inside. I didn't really go
out
like Yeah, I stayed home. Most people stay at home and like the streets were empty, empty. Yeah.
Do they warehouse? All right.
No.
wow. Like here here, most people, so if you walk outside, most people will have their mask under chin or you know, they'll have it in their pocket, whatever for me. Like if you're outside, it's fine. You avoid people. It's okay. But everywhere you go that, you know like the grocery store or target, you know anything that's indoors. People wear their masks. Like if you
don't
wear
it,
you can't go in.
Yeah, they won't let you in. It's like the security guard will tell, you know, like people here don't I haven't seen like people
complain
like everyone just has their last It's
Yeah. That's it.
Yeah. That's crazy. It's I don't know, they turn it into like a political thing. It's it's just wearing a mask. Like like doctors wear masks, they're like oh
yeah.
Travel.
I don't know. Crazy times. Right?
2020 it's
people have
no sense
will
come
in.
David.
to
meet
you.
And
we
uh let's say I still have a minute. So
let's make sure we hit the 25
or else no bonus. But Yeah.
Just yeah, like I mentioned previously, just chat with the guy paul like
right now and he likes people that thanking, you know uh and
you don't have to pay em our country donate like right away as you join. But you know, after a while, if you can't get into any groups, then obviously he'll kick you. But that isn't
that your
um no, no, no. Just tell, just tell him I sent you the said David, one of your members in the other group told me to send you a message and
that you want to join. You know that you want to join his paid group and you look forward to joining studies and you know, doing anything whenever you get a chance, if
you if you tell him that he will bring you in, just tell him, David, he'll be like, okay, fine.
Nick.
It was nice speaking to you. Uh, Good luck with everything.