to meet you. How are you?
Pretty good,
No, I've never done anything like this before. How about you?
Really? So you like it?
It is fun to see what the surveys are about but I've never done like a webcam one before. It's always just the clicking.
Nice. Have you met Cool people?
what do you do with your time usually? Do you do a lot of prolific stuff?
that's neat. Yeah. I haven't done mturk but I've heard about it.
Let's see.
I think I tried to sign up for it like last year but I either didn't
complete the process or they never sent me anything. Uh
I had a friend who was doing transcription with our Ec or wreck or whatever, however you pronounce it for a while and it was the same kind of thing as
prolific were like if you're not interested in it then it might not be worth your time because it takes so long to learn how to transcribe things. She's doing like a lot of medical stuff. Learning about physical therapy and things like conferences. I guess that people wanted transcribed from the keynote speakers,
like medical conferences. So she learned stuff from that. But she was getting paid less than the minimum wage.
Yeah. That would be the trouble for me.
Like my hearing isn't always the best.
Like they're mumbling. Yeah,
I think that my friend had to use a lot of google windows for figuring out like even what they were talking about, she doesn't have a medical background. So like they're talking about specific bones or whatever. She has no idea what they're saying.
So what do you do you do this for work? Is this your usual deal?
That's cool. I'm not very good at it. My job is um
crafting, I do crafts, like I'm self employed, so it's a very flexible schedule and I can do this kind of stuff. Like if I get tired of what I'm supposed to be doing then I can pause and do whatever 20
minutes or It is yeah, it's it's tough because I never stopped working also like
and at the holidays people are ordering gifts. So it's basically like all of december is just wiped out. Well
I mean I guess this year the holidays are going to be different anyway, so maybe it'll be fine.
Do you spend time with family for holidays usually?
All
right. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I mean I don't know very much about indiana or Illinois, but I think that Chicago being so dense and the like metro areas in Illinois would make it difficult. I'm in Connecticut, so we've been in rough shape, especially near new york city. Um
Yeah. Yeah. It would have been nice if none of that happened. But here we are 2020. It's the weirdest year I've ever experienced.
I had friends who got on a cruise ship like
days before everything closed down like right before the U. S. Really started to understand what was going to happen and they were fine. Like their ship was fine. But I don't know who's
going
to go on cruises
anymore like I mean.
Yeah. And like even if you had to quarantine like let's say that an airplane had some sort of outbreak in it. Even if it were a long distance, if you were to quarantine everybody on one airplane, you could do that. But like where would you quarantine an entire cruise ship for people, especially
if they're going to the Bahamas Bahamas doesn't want to unload
3000
people who are sick like.
Yeah. Yes. And buffets are already kind of questionable in terms of the term transmission normally.
Yeah. Where's it going out of?
Is that Disney? That's a
Disney one carnival. Oh, celebration maybe. I don't remember. My mom's done a bunch of Disney cruises. She was super into Disney for a while, right? She's in the older category now, so.
Yeah, I know.
That is interesting.
I
wonder
if it's like because you get like the Disney atmosphere, but you don't have to walk around the parks all the time or?
Yeah. Well carnivals cheaper too, wow.
What?
We
took a carnival cruise I took with my ex husband's family.
We took it out of Boston up into Canada like 10 years ago I think. And the ship was coming in from Norfolk. But they could only go to certain speed because there were whales in
the Root.
Which fine. I like whales. So
good. I'm glad they did that. But
It
made the ship like seven hours late. So we're supposed to get on at six. p.m. Which meant people were getting, it was 1500 people. So all getting on, starting at like one am. We were in the 900. So
they had us just packed into a hotel lobby somewhere
in Boston. And then when your number came up they would put you on the bus and send you back to check in. It was It was a lot and I think all they gave us was like $50 onboard credit
for that. Which is better than nothing. But like that was a long night.
zero Nate. Which cities in Canada?
we went there
And
one
Sydney
I think too.
Portsmouth. Oh nice.
Reports with this. Cute. How did you end up in indiana?
Okay, that makes
sense.
my mom was navy
and then navy reserves
less.
that's
yeah that's a trip. Not a commute that's a lot.
I didn't know that anybody could do that.
Yeah. I feel like they were Decommissioning stuff in the 90s. A fair amount
inland.
I didn't know there was navy on the lake.
That's kind of weird. I mean I guess I wouldn't really expect the navy to be in Chicago much because the ocean mostly, but I guess I would have expected army.
All
Mhm. Well that's cool. I mean I'm not big on
the military in general but I feel like we're going to have, it should probably be distributed. Well
military is a bit of a conversational dead end I'm afraid there's both
too
much and not enough to say about it
I think we have an airplane museum
up in the small airport above Hartford, north of Hartford here but I haven't been there since I was would have been too little to even remember. But when my mom was living in florida we did go to a Warbirds museum that was just like
this hangar full of old planes and some of them were crazy. Like one of them was I think had been used to like a Vietnamese national had used it to fly out of Vietnam when the US was leaving Vietnam and had been like a U. S. Military asset and like crammed his family
in there and then found the carrier and landed on it with like just people on board like holding flags or whatever to get him on board because he was fleeing for his life at that point. And
then there was another one that was designed to be a car that converted to a plane.
It was crazy.
That
makes
sense.
it's just like little car and then it had like you could just assemble the wings and like pull them like as if they were a trailer
back of the car.
Yeah like almost like smart car size was the one that I saw.
it's scary looking at those like I mean I think it was the 60s that they have made those and I guess the idea was like everybody
can drive and fly. You can get anywhere with your own personal plane. Like but even looking like when I looked in that cockpit, I felt like this isn't even good enough for a car. Like the safety features are non existent on this, let
alone
if you fill out of the sky. Like
jeez. But so you can land in the water but it's also a car like it's a road legal car.
That
makes
more
sense.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can't figure out how you
waterproof
the car
plane.
So
it's
just a boat point.
But
And what was their thinking? Was it like a liability issue
interesting. Have
to
look that up
wow. What even is the world right now like? Well there's so many things that I don't know anything about and they're so weird a lot
of times.
Like
just catch the game on tv at the right time or we'll read the newspaper or something.
It's weird. Do you think that people will like
start uploading their consciousnesses into the digital sphere?
It's pretty weird question. I don't know either.
neither. You would know better than me because I'm I don't know anything about I. T.
and I think that they had made that open source for a while or not necessarily open source but you could um
you could run programs on it as a member of the public
I
think.
Yeah. Actually uh
my ex had an idea about that back in six years ago because we have been in a car accident and so we were out of work for a while and he was like this was his brainstorm idea was that Watson should be doing
medical stuff and like diagnostic stuff with
food like looking at what nutrients different foods would give you and what nutrients you might need depending on your diagnosis and then like creating a menu for people that
might actually be tasty. That would help them recover from whatever they had, it didn't get off the ground. But like less than a year later uh some celebrity chef type of guy was associated with Watson doing basically the same thing. Um I don't know if it worked or not.
That's interesting. Have you ever taken the jeopardy test?
Me neither.
me neither. I have a friend who took it and he was on jeopardy like a year ago. He didn't win because he was it was one of those times where you know I think it was James like one person takes over and starts winning for months at the time. So he was one of the casualties of that that super guy. But uh it was pretty fun to see him on there. He's probably the only person I know who should
be on
jeopardy that I know like
Yeah, I
think it was like three months
in advance that he flew out there and
I wasn't allowed
to know until it was going to be happening.
yeah, that's important.
I've been watching a lot of Sudoku videos on Youtube, there's these two british guys who do live solves of like handcrafted Sudoku puzzles, I don't even care about Sudoku or I didn't before, but with lockdown, it was recommended to me by Youtube and I was like, okay, like I'm just sitting here doing my crafts,
so
just watch them some british guys solve these judokas and they really get into it. Like one of them especially gets like more and more excited the more numbers he gets, but in a really british way, so it's like low key, but you can tell that for him it's super excited and it's very charming. Like I've started to, I started to support them on Patreon and like they have a Kickstarter book
of like their best Sudoku is now, it's become
like
I actually don't really like the regular kind um and I end up having to write all of the numbers in to like every square and then eliminate them one x 1, but that this,
it's called cracking the cryptic, this Youtube channel. They've introduced me to different variations of siddhartha, that I actually liked better
and find them easier. They just work with my brain better. I think it's not that they're like super easy puzzles all the time, but but there hard to get into with
the first time that you hear the rules like what are you saying? I don't understand anything that you're saying.
And then you watch a british guy solved when you're like okay
I kind of get it now.
Yeah it's
my youtube version of jeopardy I guess. I don't have the regular tv. It just have internet stuff
so
you can watch
jeopardy on the internet.
Yeah. Yeah we we had bundled it
was tv years ago when they said okay you can have it for $10 more a month. You get basic cable plus HBO. And I was like sure great Added on $10 is fine and then we moved and they didn't let us keep the plan that we had before. So they gave us this other plan that was like $30 more. And I don't need like we don't watch the T. V. It didn't have HBO anymore which was the only thing we were watching on Tv. Anyway
so I canceled the Tv aspect and it's Closer it's like $112 a month for the Internet which is a lot. But um that
adding the TV would add like 30 or $40 to that
so
that's
better.
Yeah the 1 12 includes rented modem that's like 13 or $14 a month.
But
they do this scare thing where they're like you can't use another bottom because if your internet goes down then it's not our fault and I don't I don't know any better so like okay that's all just pay it.
Yeah that's the smart way to go.
huh
mm. No thanks.
Yeah. No that's confusing.
Why would they even, why would they even be messing with your internet if they're working on your neighbors? I
don't,
were they
disconnecting your neighbors?
I don't
know why
I
would think that you would know that. Sorry.
Just
no internet there's just gonna randomly just disconnect you at any time. What a weird threat mm. Yeah that
would be that's an interesting fear to have. Yeah cable cable companies man mm.
Well that's good. We need it.
there's
okay is it like how do you feel and stuff?
All right good. So you've probably done all of these that you could do now? Right.
No
that's
great. All right well good good talking to you.
Have a good day.