Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hi. I don't
know. I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
It's good. Is this your first time doing this or have you done this before?
this would be like my fourth time or fifth time doing this. Um
it just kind of fun to do just once in a while and it's different than taking like surveys all the time, wow.
Yeah. They had this one a while ago and I just signed up for it and decide would be something to do and uh try it out.
Yeah, some some cool people. Um I think I've met. That's it. I think so. Okay.
I do prolific and mturk and some like other like um like focus group stuff um on my free time.
Yeah, I signed
up for that one a while ago, I think. Oh.
All
sometimes it's like full, like I don't even know if I was going to get in. I just happened to see someone posted online, like a link for it so I decided to sign up for it then. I was surprised I got in uh there was a lot of people that don't get into it, but it's not easy to like find work and that you spend more time searching than actually doing the work and I'm turk wow
and
So
Yeah, there's something like transcription stuff and I'm talking uh I know they're really they're really picky about like uh like you have to fill it out correctly and I've read reviews on it. I haven't actually done another people complaining. Like if you misspell a certain word, they might reject your work for. It's hard to understand what they're saying. Mhm
true.
Yeah, it's all and it's hard to like understand what these people are saying so that even makes it more difficult I think to do the work.
Yeah.
Yeah it makes it makes it kind of difficult. Oh.
I just do it to make a guess extra money. Um I work for a manufacturing company in their I. T. Department and they're on the computer person so it's only a free time and I'll sign in a prolific and uh right for NPR consumer surveys are available. Thank you.
That's true.
That's
No.
it can be kind of busy I can imagine. Mhm.
Yeah the holidays are gonna be different. Uh No.
I go to my black parents house for like thanksgiving and New Year's. I'm not sure if we're doing anything this year. Um You know every single in a while because because the pandemic and I live in indiana um indiana's comeback like Illinois is
worse.
And he was hit I think the hardest first.
Yeah. It's been really were strange. I was supposed to go to air shows this summer. They were all cancelled, supposed to take a cruise. It got canceled. Uh huh.
What?
The
more
it
Especially now with like you're you're on a it's like a Petri dish people are saying well um Cruz should be fine. You know what about the airlines and hotels but like in an airline or an airplane you can get to a hospital or if something happens you got stuck on the cruise ship or seven days or four days.
know and
no
matter to me.
Yes they have to stand the cruise ship. I think that's kind of what I guess my concern is like if you have an outbreak they're not gonna let people off the ship because you all interacted with with each other.
Yeah. Yeah. We booked another one, the one that was cancelled, booked it for next july and I'm not even sure if that's gonna go his plan.
Uh I am park and have Alexa. We're supposed to go to Miami the port Canaveral In July of 2021. Truth
carnival.
Yeah. I won't be gone actors.
Uh we're in like a couple years ago we took a cruise commitment 10 years ago and they had a Disney cruise and a carnival cruise. A lot of the older people were taken to Disney cruise when the younger people around the carnival cruise. And I thought that would, that would surprise me when I heard those health
when we're taking a shuttle bus to the cruise. I wonder who was on that cruise. Yeah,
it
was coming.
Yeah. Right. But we weren't really sure
Yeah they were caper. And then we've taken so many cruises were getting like a platinum whatever thing.
Get like a free gift and we get on earlier. That's about it. Right. It's
not
No.
come
come
some.
Thank
you.
What?
Two.
Thanks.
Yeah. We we we took a cruise from new york that went to boston and Canada.
I think it was Halifax in Saint john. I think
we
want to
go from
boston.
Yeah something like that we wanted to do from boston but they didn't have it at the time. They start boston like uh like the following year. Although it's well we won't gone from boston and because I was born in uh ports, was born in New Hampshire. Always like doing
we always wanted you want to do that but colonel wouldn't have at the time.
Uh So my dad was in the Air Force, he was he was at peace and then I guess he wound up um my mom's parents were in they lived in Chicago in the northern suburbs
so
that's kind of how they want to back in Chicago. And um I just lived in indiana because the rent was the taxes a little bit cheaper in indiana than it's supposed to like Chicago. Okay
come on.
Yeah that was in the Air Force reserves in Chicago but
used to fight the tankers before they moved down to ST louis retired before they move. Because you don't wanna do that commute, you'd be like a 5.5 5.5 hour drive.
Just find a plan for a couple days and drive back home.
because the city, one of the areas that they wanted the space of the airport or something. So they kicked the Air Force out.
I think they want to put cargo planes there or something. So. Yeah. Yeah it happened like in the 90s I think is when they finally closed the uh our Force Reserve place, wow.
We still have another, we used to have a navy base that close two uh Colombian naval air station.
Mhm. Uh It's right near the lake. What
new set P three's out there, So it was right near the lake and they closed decades the city and didn't want to support the naval, the navy base. They had to close that. I don't think there's any like any Air Force, navy or army like near Chicago. We have a training center, the big one Great Lakes, but no like active like things near Chicago.
Yeah. I think they did have some army people there because I know they had helicopters used to fly out there. I'd
like to get involved or something. Yeah, but mainly they had their submarine hunters there. The P three, the propeller planes were there
change.
Yeah, it should be yeah. Uh
just
like,
yeah, I just like the demo demo teams that's about it, like the Blue angels and thunder parts, but I think the other stuff was Uh huh
What?
What?
the
balance
I think I've seen something that can be a night
dating or something. Uh The
Air
Force
Museum. The clerk.
Yeah.
And that had something like that. They're just as like going off some of the planes that were designed, it looked like a car. I think. I remember.
yeah, I had like wings and remember that I think. Yeah.
And
Third
song,
Mm hmm. There's a small plane that you can buy that looks like a car. It's built like a car. Um The icon something or other, it looks, it's, it looks like a car almost. I mean the interior looks like a car. It's got an engine. You can land in an airport or you can land it in the water. It's
no no it's only a plane but it looks like a car. Yeah
I
think
you can
fall brings back I think. But it's it's made me a plane.
I
mean no you can't
make
our it looks like
it looks
like
yeah it's
supposed to be like the people that don't wanna got a real plane get this thing expensive. And uh there was some controversy about it. I remember it first came out like the company that want people to sell it or something. Yeah like if you bought if you bought that plane you weren't supposed to be able to sell it. You had to like keep it for so many years or something. You made a change. They had to change their um their philosophy on that because I guess people got pilots got upset that bought it. Right.
Yeah, I think that's what it was like a liability issue and you know, they don't want people selling it or are doing something bad with it or Yeah, they were maybe worried about like it's not being kept on it or something. Mm
it
was
I think it's the icon A five,
Yeah,
like, you know, I'm just thinking about my cell phone. I was thinking like, You know, well I guess 15 years ago there was no way to check like the news that you actually would be like a or listening getting sport scores. You couldn't get it unless you were on the Internet. Well even before the internet, you actually had to listen to the radio or call someone to find out now I'm going to go
on the internet.
Yeah. You didn't know who won the game until like the next day or something. Yeah. Board watched the sports segment of news and then you find out who won, you didn't really know now everything's online. No.
They were,
I don't know. Um, right.
Yeah, I could see people trying to, I'm not sure how I got, I guess. Yeah. I'm not sure how that would work. Good.
we need like a, like a supercomputer or something. I know that's what Watson was trying to do, the IBM thing kind of trying to do something like that.
And
yeah, I think your car, I
know
now it's doing like medical stuff, but Uh huh.
Right.
No.
And man
No.
I don't know whether I decide just remember it was on jeopardy uh years ago and I think I looked up and doing some type of medical medical researcher or diagnosis or something like that. Yeah.
No
I just want I would like the questions maybe I can get like three or four of them are five of them really answers. But no I don't think I could take that.
I
want
yeah Yeah I think if someone in one of the message sports I was part of like took it took the task that didn't actually make it needs to comply again and like three months or six months or something. But they they tape it like I had before it actually airs and you're supposed to you sign an N. D. A. So you can't talk about what happened. Okay
well
well yeah.
draft.
Thank you.
I've heard that take things out of time. I don't want people to spoil it. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Oh
that's
the question. Uh
plot.
That's kind
of complete. I did sadako once or a couple of times and just couldn't couldn't do it. It was just too hard for me. Okay.
good.
true.
you.
but
no.
Yeah it sounds interesting.
Check
Yeah I just have to head
Cameron.
Great.
Uh Well there's ways to to watch like network T. V. I think but I used to have direct tv and cancelling because there was so much it was too expensive and uh now that I have Comcast I could probably bundle and save money but I just never really uh decided to get cable tv again so I don't really watch it that much.
Listen.
I mean.
Mhm.
I
think I thought 80 just for Internet. Yeah.
You know
and And then if I get like cable it's probably an extra 30 Even though they have deals are like 85 but then you gotta get the DVR you gotta pay the tax, the extra taxes it just increases the price is far more than willing to pay right now.
Yeah.
And.
I bought my own bottom I think. Save me some money. Yeah.
Yeah. I got a while. I mean I had someone actually disconnect my internet line once. Uh Comcast sent on a technician I guess they were working on my neighbors uh
line and they disconnected my line and the gun when I realized what had happened, the guy laughed. So I had to call Comcast and have them reconnected, then I have to get the credit and then have to call them because they claimed it was they that I might have called to just connect mountain because they tried to charge me for the guy to come out.
So then I took a while to get that credit taking off my bill even though they just give me a credit earlier for the time it was down. So I'm like why would you give me, why would you charge me and then give me a credit for that time? The internet was down that Oh
in that. Yeah but
I
must they must have been confused like which line was which on the pole? Because there's just like my place, there's like three or four different lines. Thank
you.
I don't know what they were doing. Or
maybe
they
were
maybe they were getting like tv and 80 sauce extra line because they ran an extra line for me. They used to not have one. And I remember like when I first got internet in my place the guy was out in the back like running extra lines so maybe they decided they're gonna split the lines and didn't like note it. Yeah I'm on the pole. So every time I see the Comcast truck out there I'm concerned like one day I'm gonna come
in internet work.
Yeah.
let's see right, I think it's been uh More than 25 minutes.
Yeah. There's a survey afterwards. You take just ask your questions, It takes like
20 minutes.
Yeah. Just stuff like that. No.
I think so, I'm pretty close to it. Uh I've
done
33 this session just happened to they every time we get done they say you can sign up for more so I'm like okay I'll just do it again, right?
yeah, nice talking to you.