yeah that's the second, let me get my volume. Okay I guess
that's
I can hear them. Uh huh uh So I guess I'll start, I'm brian nice to meet you,
yep. So I actually did want to do before it's always so weird, it's like how do you uh I guess I'll go from new york pretty straightforward, I just stay indoors most of the time and uh I went to the post office today
That was a special kind of hell, they were only looking like five people in at a time. Yes like one window but you know I got my got my sunlight, I
had to wait outside line stretch but you know how good, yep.
No.
Yeah right now you know just put where you can take it easy.
that's
what
All
that's
good,
you got something in here?
I mean
there's
like parts
and stuff but
like and a half open or you know, just to people so.
that's pretty much
I'm a lot of people here are you just gotta otherwise, you know. Mhm. The bright side, you know, you catch up on your reading uh working out a lot more but uh Yeah, but all things
considered is not so bad. I mean okay and
the big kind of bad, it's like the hospitals were like here anyway, the hospitals are almost at capacity in the beginning and everyone was like freaking out. But then it got better because people started to actually staying indoors and that's pretty good.
What?
I mean, it's just people
it's time
for
it to sink in. I mean, people were pretty bad out here in the beginning like Yeah. But you know, all things considered just give it time,
In
the beginning it was like
that
here
to
anyone
out of
When I went to the post office, like pretty much everyone had a mask except that they couldn't breathe or something. Maybe I feel like one kid
drinking something that they're mass to have people eventually got to doing it. All right.
But
hearing
this. Yeah.
So yeah,
I get
serious.
I imagine as
well the upper
and someone broke is like compliance is harder when it's hot outside. Is it like summer is really hot over there. Yeah.
the
eastern
and
we're
used to it then.
No.
Elevation makes a difference. I'm like on the fifth floor so open my window. I get like a breeze, but yeah,
To be different.
Any problems getting supplies are good.
That's
everyone there.
I could get sanitizer.
where
to?
I think everyone gun schools chicken breasts. I'm like, why? You know?
And,
and
argument.
mean, I've been trying to do the whole bulk cooking thing. It's kind of rough when you don't nail the flavor and then you got to walk down for like
a few days, but it's great if you've got someone who already, you know?
I
guess.
Last
long area.
Yeah.
yeah, today it was pretty heavy son. You
know, I honestly wasn't
too bad
ambient if you're out of the sun. It's like about radish. Um, not too much grease bow. So yeah, it's basically just stay out of sun or stay indoors and you're good. I mean, I think that may see running for like 23 weeks. It was just humid as how and then they told us the hurricane was coming that was worth after like 23 weeks of high humid high heat. It's like, you know, this defined, I can live with this.
Yeah. It wasn't really much of a hurricane that, you know, it's just brand defines uh Yeah, here. I mean, yeah, pretty much running. I see if you can. Oh, I mean, I know regret it later because electricity is kinda expensive here. But you know what I got to stay indoors for like, I don't know how long. Fuck it. I'm
not movies or anything.
So. Yeah.
Yeah, because like sometimes over, you know our
building sucks for it are bounded. I mean, it's funny because people
complain
about
like the
ones that are mounted
through the wall, but those
are actually the most stable ones, The ones you hang on the window, it can be hit or missed. I got one through the wall. I mean I hate replacing it because the pain in the ass cost more to replace those. But you know, once you've got it, if you picked a good one and just thanks a lot,
I'd be scared to run. It's only hair on my window from like florida, wow.
Yeah. At least at night it gets cooler.
little bit
there.
Well, I mean,
I don't know, I mean I'm good with like vertical because I get used to it, but yeah, after a while you kind of just go to a different room warm up, but right.
it's really windy or too. Yeah. Mhm.
You've been around a lot so Uh huh,
awful,
A
lot of travel.
It's not bad, but you get to see, I mean, there's nothing like people don't realize that a country to say until you know, you get a chance to go around huge for like a few states. You know, if you really do a deep dive in any one state, you realize damn, almost every state's huge except for like, you know,
it was pretty nuts. And like God, like the first time you go to texas is like holy shit, really huge. You know, you think like new york city is big, but then like the space between one and two cities in texas is like nuts. So it's
like, yeah.
I believe that the florida check actually isn't that bad. You know, I've only done that maybe like a couple of times doing like new york to florida. All right. Like if you get like, I mean sometimes you just get a straight shot, you know, there's no traffic.
That
is the vital areas. My limits. Like maybe I can go four or five hours. They're like, you know what, I don't care where I stop, I'm just going to strip my legs. Yeah. Yeah.
You can. That's well, yeah. Right.
What?
That's the thing, you can get used to it, but if it's like your first time, it's like, oh, and the cramp or something that was feeling when you're sitting in a car or Yeah,
yeah, because the governor in new york, there's like actually lots of rest stops, so
you can kind of like, because yeah, you know, it's sort of like, okay, I'm gonna do a rest stop. You know, I've seen some people drive. it's like, oh my God, it's like every fucking hour you stop like for the love of God, you know, it's not that bad, You know like
five or
six hours compared to like, you know, you're like 23 our bosses like. Yeah, I guess I must
appear to sing you know, so got to keep it like that about it.
With
Yeah. Oh yeah, like plays havoc with your ec. You know, if you just sat down, relax a bit, you cool off, you probably enjoy the rod, maybe look at your window. No,
no.
Yeah. I don't know. But I mean that's the thing if you grew up driving a lot, but I know for some a lot of people now they don't really drive anymore. Not the people understand of cars here, but
yeah, but if you grew up
Yeah.
Well I mean I didn't
like drive to
do
much but like as soon as I could drive like why not? I mean stuff to do outside you know where you live here, you really could just take the subway everywhere. But you know really kind of lucky to
draw. Where did you end up? Of course. Right.
I mean it's not doing it when you're older but you know I mean it's kind of weird to see like
Older driver freak out or they just haven't done it was like you know I'll come back when you're 30 and then I'll drive with you.
it's like
I've got that
connection
with the car.
You know you just think it's like a video game or something or you know two layers. But if you put enough hours in yeah sort of like at some point you become one of those people, like you start personalizing your car, you deck it out of it. That's when you know like okay, I'm a driver. So everyone else, they're just like, no, not for me. Right? Yeah,
look right now.
Mhm. But you know what like new york is getting harder and harder to have a car here, like parking just keeps disappearing.
Yeah. I don't know if you're familiar with like the alternate side parking system here basically like on any given street, like the clean the streets. So like uh one side of the street gets cleaned one dave and another cyber street gets clean another day and it's like a very narrow window where everyone just moves off the street so they don't think it it. And so if you don't have your own spotlight, like say you're in a building and you got a parking spot in the house and you got a lot so people park on the street twice a week, you do your song and dance and try to make sure you can keep your spot and you know, but that's the thing. Every time they shrink the number of spots, it's like uh it's a little bit fierce. Yeah,
it's funny
an important
that
You
think
that's not in my building. The wait list for a parking spot in my building is 20 years. Like they have a list were like when they signed up and what their spaces, like the first few people on the list now, they've been there since I also like the late 90s, Like I don't even know what possesses someone to sign up. Like there's the list goes up to like 20 something and I'm like, you're, you're probably, your kids might not even get a spot and yeah,
yeah, I mean you like driving building sucks. Yeah, I'll probably be here a bit, but I mean that's just work. So uh yeah, when I get older maybe go back nice open place, get a house or something. Uh
Yeah,
Everyone through, I say for most people just tried for a year to that most people won't last more than a couple of years because the little stuff adds up. I mean unless you're getting paid enough money where you can buy your way out of the fences.
but you know, it's not a bad experience of, I mean for a lot of people, if you, that's a thing, right? I mean it's kind of weird to think about this is actually like the biggest city in the country. I don't feel like it if you've been here a while, but
if you grew up in a small town, you come here. It's like, it's really cool. I mean like everyone
has been here is like just jaded as far. Yeah, never curious. But you know, in the long run It's not fun to live here because like you don't, all the glitter is only knew for like a few years. You know, even if you take it slow, maybe tops 10 years, you've done almost everything.
But you know, I mean the only silver lining I can see to all this pandemic stuff is like, you know, stuff closes, maybe the rents will go down and we'll start seeing some you stuff come in. It's like this city in the last like
few years is just gentrified up the wazoo. Yeah. Oh yeah, I'm getting lunch in the city is like,
I don't know, 12, 15 bucks. All right. You know when I was a kid is like, oh yeah, I can only sandwich. Yeah. Nowadays like oh no, $10 minimum and you know, you want top on that like, like and then like, you know, you grew up in the old days, it's like, oh yeah, you know dollars slice now, a dollar slice, like you know a magical unicorn thing and you know, it's like $23 for a freaking slice. My uh new york pizza has gone downhill too. Yeah.
So
they
will be in a few years. Little get man. I mean, I don't know if I'll be here in a few years, but if I am, you know, maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised. I hope.
But yeah. Oh mm. As you say like you did, you don't know, what kind of stuff do you do?
high school as
you do like uh I know that you do stuff like uh shoot, what the hell is that thing called? Prometheus or any of that stuff with S. And P. S. Or is it mostly just genealogy ancestry stuff?
Like much
broader not just human.
And
that makes
one point now while you travel a lot. Yeah bird obviously too many only bird I see every day. It's a vision. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Bye.
Well I mean
you
iron got it. Just great.
Guys.
yeah I remember.
Ha
ha
The door. Yeah.
I mean I'm here but you know it is kind of soul sucking
because most
of the stuff you work if you're if you're in new york you're doing financial stuff or at tech or marketing agencies. Uh huh. I mean I didn't enter before that just kind of like fucking burned out. I just do like three line stuff now which is great during a pandemic. But yeah, I mean it's still a little soul sucking depending on the client. Mm You know, I would love like I have a dream of like doing stuff for like, you know, it would be nice to have one of those outdoor jobs like man at some point maybe I like I don't even know what I would do. But you know, it would be kind of nice especially after like 34 months of this. You know like thinking what else could I do? Maybe they combine that with saying as well.
Actually I do a lot of mobile stuff so like uh swift IOS uh java for android. But I mean yeah, I mean I can do
Park.
There's been problems really popular
and like science and stuff. So that's interesting enough. Yeah. Cycle.
Going. But if you grew up in the old days, it's like, no, my home is the terminal. Mm
Baby.
I mean, honestly, just so much stuff to know and it's actually pretty limited. I mean, I mean people extended
quite a bit, but once you just spend like a month in there
and you're fine. Yeah.
Uh huh.
These
days
only old days would be like, okay, read the man page like uh, like right. But nowadays almost anything you can find. So it,
happy face.
Yeah. Yeah. That could be interesting. Maybe I'll look into that. I don't know. Yeah,
stuff I can get into that. Or did you like study like the birds or did you start with like genomics or was I don't even know
how to frame the question, but
no
organ.
They're
looking for people like trail blaze,
Good time.
Yeah, I know. It's so much cheaper.
So how do you get the DNA of the birds like you get like a little skin sample or a saliva or like
Yeah.
Think.
Yeah. Yeah.
I
don't.
huh.
Survival,
All
lot
of interesting
and
yeah, you've been hearing about that whole
lime
disease spread. That makes sense. Yeah.
No.
It's
an interesting
task.
As
ST
Yeah.
Yeah. That's always
good. I mean it's not for the pandemic, I mean. Right.
mean that's the thing. Right? I mean do you normally go in like larger teams or is it more like 12 people? Is that really an issue?
What?
I
wanna
travel.
Yeah.
what?
Hospital
Yeah. I've got for video left something behind you.
Yeah.
Yes, we're good.
Yeah, something like that. So yeah, I think that it was like 25 or something. Hey don't punch at.
Yeah, they want to keep
you forever.
huh.
What
a nice nice to meet you. I'm done.
Right. You two.
All right. Thank you.