harry, hey, how's it going?
Can you
hear me? Yeah,
I'm Therese. Nice to meet you,
Nice. Let's take an adventure these days.
good,
Well I'm currently in Alabama, I don't really live anyplace I'm a a digital nomad basically, but I was visiting my parents for the weekend
in mid March and uh haven't left yet. Yeah, these things happened.
Yeah, Yeah, I'm actually lucky that I got stuck
here
versus the other places I usually am because my parents have a couple acres and my dogs are here, so
my mom cooks
for
me
lot nicer than a rented room, someplace without the artery could've been a lot worse.
I
mean
there's
that nothing.
yeah, I have a couple of friends in new york city and they both have not left their apartments in, you know, since March, basically I wouldn't go crazy,
that's pretty much.
fuck
yeah.
Yeah yeah we all are doing a lot better than we are
up here or down here. We're in our upward trajectory right now with the hospitals.
It's Crazy.
No
one.
Yeah. Yeah it was just crazy like I walked into a dollar general like I was about a month ago, it was the last time I went to a normal store and there were 20 people inside and I was the only person wearing a mask and everyone else which is like this as
usual.
there
was just
like
no
this isn't helping
me. Yeah.
What?
Yeah
they
just passed
order here in the city
we're
going
to leave so I don't know. Hopefully
imagine
it's all.
Uh I mean it's not like so I grew up in texas, so it's actually
cooler
here than in texas uh Youtube, so
he
said
yeah, so here like, I don't know, our high today I think is in the mid upper eighties next week, we're going to be in the mid nineties. Um So it could definitely be worse,
but it's, it's not too bad. We also live kind of up on a hill, so it's a little bit cooler here than it is like, you know, even a couple of miles away.
that's nice. Yeah. Yeah, I know the big things down here is, it was like a memorial in four July, like everyone was just out being crazy and not caring. And so now we've got these long extreme uh spikes. I mean it's like crazy. My brother lives in the bay Area And the county he lives in has 1.6 million people are county here has 100,000 people and we had almost
a number of pieces yesterday. So yeah, hopefully people will start taking it more seriously. Yeah.
Um In general not, I mean we can't get like cleaning supplies,
but that's barely
expected.
But yeah, other than that, it's like there's this kind of rash in the meat. But if you don't care about normal meets like we're pretty happy eating buffalo and
things like
that. So we can find that in the stores easily. It's just if you want like ground beef or chicken, it's impossible.
there's so many more options. But
yeah, also like we, we, because my parents usually live alone and so, but
they have three kids. And so my mom cooks like she's cooking for 35 people still and then just
back into reasons everything. And so like, you know, we don't really need to go to the store that much because we have a lot of priority to meals, which is pretty convenient just pardon, in the microwave and you're ready to go. That's
Two
that's why, you know, it's great for my mom. She's been cooking the same, you know, meals for decades. So she's definitely
figured out what she
likes. Yeah. And then the trick we found is if you get a vacuum sealer because then you don't have to eat the same thing every day in a row. It's like you can vacuum seal, grease it
and then
few weeks later you don't pull it out and be like, that was great. Yeah. We love our vacuum seal leader this, wow.
So what's the weather like up there? Oh
I
watched
you want.
No. Mhm.
it will be comfortable.
All
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I definitely had some pretty brutal nights in new york city without a C.
After
But
expecting
something
at some point
one innovation
follow.
Yeah. Set for a while.
Yeah that's true. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing like here is during the night it doesn't cool down that much. It just stays pretty more like yeah it's like it's not again it's not as much like that as it is in Texas. I mean like where I grew up it would the overnight low would be like 85 here at least the overnight low is like 79. A little better.
A but I'd rather be hot than cold so I'm okay with that.
It will be cold.
I read.
went to school up in Illinois and that was and then I lived in philadelphia for a couple of years and that was too cold too.
No thanks.
it's fun. I do a lot of work overseas also so like I pretty much like this is so weird, this is the first time since I was I think in high school but I did in one place for
this long four months usually I'm only some place for like a week, maybe two weeks. Yeah
it's
yeah I enjoy it.
Yeah. Yeah. Not Rhode island Connecticut is pretty small too, but the rest of them are pretty pretty good.
Well
Yeah and it takes like 12 hours a short drive from one side of the state to the other. Like there's times we all drive like I drove to Florida once and it took me longer to get out of the state of Texas and I did do the rest of the drive to Florida.
Yeah. Yeah. My boss like drive straight through from Like central Texas all the way to the keys. It's a 23 hour drive. I'm just like, you're insane. Like I can't, I'll do like 16 hours straight, but That 23,
no thanks.
Yeah. I grew up where we didn't stop at all and like my big truck. I have, I have a big diesel truck and so I only have to fill up with diesel about every 1000 miles or so, so I don't know what,
I want to take a friend of mine with me. Like he was going back up to Illinois to and about halfway through the trip you realized he needed to just drove himself a vintage looks otherwise he was going to just die. She's like, can't we stop and play around him like, no, you got
places to be a
It's funny like just, I guess whatever you grew up with this sort of how you do it.
Only.
I have
friend.
No.
I took a trip once with like one of those people who stops every hour or two and I'm just like, why are we still talking? Like we literally haven't even got in the air that are cooled back down from the A.
C. Like why are we stopping? But
Turn
on some music or whatever and call it and go.
Yeah that's true.
I mean. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a weaker if you had to have people there was no transportation and it was like as soon as you turn 15 you learn how to drive as soon as you were 16 you better be driving because I mean it was like an hour drive 45 minutes for us to go to school so my parents don't want to have to deal with. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well yeah.
I
drive.
No.
Yeah. It's like that in philadelphia also like a lot of my friends you grew up there didn't learn to drive until they were you know in their twenties or whatever because it just wasn't no need. You had all the train system and all that.
What?
Oh yeah. Yeah. No I I'm kind of convinced like to really learn how to drive comfortably, you have to learn to drive when you're in that fearless stage of life or nothing you know in your mind nothing is going to keep
because
had to
learn from
this.
Right.
What type of car do you have?
Good.
Yeah
I've
never lived
in a place where I didn't have private parking I can
deal
with.
yeah there's reasons I don't live in new york.
Yeah
most probably be fun to live in new york for like a year to like I'm a big Yankees fan and so I go up to new york around baseball.
I have a reasonable place to live. Yeah.
How long?
People
mm. Yeah that's all just so freaking expensive.
What?
Money.
Yeah it's happening in the berry to like right because my my brothers lived there for five years or so. But then he used to live there about 10 years ago also just like looking at how much, you know just everything has gone up. But I guess he was saying like a similar thing with the pandemic. Like all these people who have been have been basically buying investment properties, they're they're all bailing now and so housing
prices are actually going
down.
Yeah. They're a dream.
I'm a researcher. So I do uh like it's called file a genetic so I figured out how to figure out how different species are related to each other. Yeah. I'd like analyst genomes.
Dad.
yeah. So it's I do I do all DNA work and so like it's like I sequenced genomes a birch primarily. And so yeah, I like look at how the genomes are different between different species and like figure out which ones are
which.
Yeah. Yes. I work primarily with birds. So actually do a little bit of work with the american museum there. Um Yeah. So I work mostly on hawks but also worked on two cans. A
bunch of other
birds.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's a lot of fun. Like uh I usually spend like two or three weeks or sorry, two or three months like in the field, someplace like in mostly in central or south America, but some
work in africa
and then the rest of the time I just stare at my computer.
It's fun.
Like it's like my two favorite things, computers and birds, Bird.
So yeah. Plus is that I don't, I don't like having to be in one place. So this is kind of perfect for that because
yeah, all my work is done on like supercomputers. So as long as I have a computer that I can type
on to access the cluster,
then
it doesn't matter where I am.
it's nice. How about you? What do you do tom? Oh,
I don't
know.
Yeah. Well, there's, there's a lot of people who wish that like do you do python or what do you do?
Because there's a lot, like a lot of biologists are getting really into the idea of like using very these various, especially the scripting languages to do stuff. There's
a lot of people for people who who know python or girl was a few years ago now. It's mostly python and such. But yeah. So
huh.
Yeah. I mean like I that's actually the surprising thing whenever I get the grad students is it's like, you know, to do what I'm doing, like nine create 80% of what I do is start terminal windows and programs. Oh
Yeah. It's just like, it's really funny these grand, like a lot of these students are too young to have like remember dos And so it's like you bring it up and they just like, look at you like your head explodes. And I'm
like, it's not that scary just start typing.
What?
What?
exactly.
Yeah. And there's so much like, you know, stack and stack over for the local, solve any problems. It's
not
that hard.
Yeah, exactly. I'm just like just type the air in. You will find the answer like this. You don't
know me talk about it. Mhm. Yeah, I can throw it away. Yeah.
Yes, it's fine.
So
I feel like I basically when I was in high school I was doing some volunteer work at a nature museum there, the house
that
I would never place I lived in. And then when I went to undergrad, like I kind of kept working and I did my undergrad and Wildlife and fisheries. Um I'm one of the classes they were talking about this kind of, it was right as genomics was starting and so they were talking about that like types of data, the you know, talking about how it was a lot of computer work and a lot of data analysis which is like
like
yeah so I jumped in at that point guy. That's why I got my ph. D. N. And postdocs and all that. So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it's pretty ideal because like back when I first started like as an undergrad sheet, like genomes were very expensive, you know, million dollars to do a genome or something like that. Now we can do a genome for 1000 books
there. Yeah so it's great. It's like I'm right there right as it's actually gonna be cheap enough to do it all but before it's all been done. So it's it's pretty fun like I mean it's cool because it's like we discovered new species of birds all the freaking time. And uh it's pretty fun.
Uh It depends on the bird. Um So when we're working with museum samples so like the a lot of the birds were working with their actually collected like hundreds of years ago. Um And so those we get little skin samples from their toes. Um you
just kind of do it and then uh like it's kind of degraded because you like 200 years old. But we can still get a pretty good data out of it. Um For other
stuff like we actually collect it still. So like when I'm in um you want to go to the tropics or around the U. S. Or whatever. Like we have permits that allow us to collect and euthanize a certain number of birds. Oh no we can then get samples from all throughout their body. Like there's a lot of the old samples like they didn't really take any samples from them. They just skin them stuff and put it in the museum. Whereas like now you know we know we can get all this other cool data from it. So like we take stomach content, you know stomach contents samples from all these different tissues. You can look at like pesticides and all these different things and like we can look at the skulls and tell how old the birds are. And so yeah we like take all of these different measurements and pictures of all these different structures and then we skin them and put them in the museum to. Um So yeah it's really cool because a lot of times like we learned stuff that is really obvious once you open the bird up but you just don't know like so um some of the birds, you know like there's birds that have different images for males and females. Uh
Well so so like there's some species where the males actually don't get their mail commission till they're like three or four years old, but they're breeding when they're one or two years old. So if you actually just look like they look like females but their breeding.
And so if you just it's
but you you wouldn't realize that until like we opened the skins up because it like this one particular species they thought that there was just two females with one male that were tending the nest, but it actually was two totally different pairs um
birds. And so it's like you know that type of stuff impact your population estimates because if you don't have the right demographics you can't do that. So it's correctly. And so
yeah it's pretty, pretty cool. like you just never know what you're gonna find when you but do this. Um And then we also study parasites and so like we take one slides of all the birds to like look from on the real parasites and um and like the lice and different things that live on the verge of fleas and ticks, it's like ticks are really cool because they're um like a lot of times will attach onto the bird and then they'll fall off some place during migration. So
like you actually picks that are coming up from florida that end up in new york and so they're moving diseases around like that. Um That's one of the possible ways that Lyme disease just exploded is because they're actually becoming more prevalent within the
birds
are also possibly
moving it around
about
that.
Yeah. Yeah. And so you know, it's just like it's all these all these different facets that you know right now we're sort of at this point
where we can actually look at all of it um like in a very holistic way. So that's really exciting like the lab that I'm based in like we have two malarial parasite people to burn people and then to act a parasite people and so we all like work on the same specimens and do that exists. Pretty cool
market.
So
yeah, that's fun. So that was exciting just to like you know, never know what's gonna happen. I would
probably
get under. So yeah
it's fun. I was going to get excuse to play outside.
No.
I was supposed to be in Finland right now but here I am instead. Uh huh.
Uh It depends. So like um Finland was gonna be a big trip um When we go to, when we go to like we do a lot of organ Nicaragua right now. So when we're doing that um there's usually five of us,
five or 6 of us. Um The problem though is like we're all coming from different places. So
it's
like when we do
a round trip. Yeah
so it's like everyone you know there's all these travel limits and then once we get there like once we actually get into the field and be safe because it would just be us like getting all your supplies and get in the truck and you know dealing with the government officials and all that. So you know you end up interacting with a lot of people before you start actually doing the work and then depending upon where you are sometimes you have to have escorts like the last time we were down there actually have a military escort with us. So we had
like 10 army guys that were following us around. And so now you've got like five of us plus 10 army guys. And then at one point we had 15 other people who had to come and like supply the army guys and Yeah just. Yeah. Yeah it can be very complex like it just depends upon where you're working. Like if you're working some place that has a lot of infrastructure it's not bad. But like for that pleasure we had the army. I mean that was like a day long about 10 mile hike into a place that's only accessible by foot and people only go there once a year. So there's like no infrastructure at all. Like you're cutting the trail as you go and then getting there and then
you set up camp for two weeks and then you have to do it all over again to come back out.
we did a pretty thorough search before. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like you're you know you have to bring in enough food for all that time. Although what the soldiers was great. They were actually like shooting a beauties which are like these little kind of rodent like cat sized rodents that tastes really good. So we always start putting meat on that trip. Like usually we don't, we eat the birds that we catch. Um But that's the only fresh really good usually. So this was composing change. Do you want there? Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Yes we're grateful. Yeah I heard her 25 minutes.
yeah sounds good.
Well
record. Yeah
I got a project action. I need to finish never
in sight.
Get meeting here today. Safe
into new york.