SPEAKER_L: Mhm We'll give you
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: hello.
SPEAKER_R: there. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can hear you.
SPEAKER_L: Wonderful. I was trying to figure out this is my first time doing one of these. It's like I don't know if she could see me.
SPEAKER_R: You know? I had no idea. Kind of. I didn't know what the setup would be or anything like when I turned this on, you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: it didn't tell us what we had to talk about for 25 minutes, as long as it was 25 minutes. All right, very cool. Well here I could tell you about my day, I had to take my five year old to get his yearly checkup done. Um and it basically took an hour and a half.
SPEAKER_R: Oof
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: was a little bit much for a five year old but you know, he took it like a trooper. He was not happy about having to get a shot done. So right now with everything, the way that it is a flu shot I think was probably the best thing to do for us. So we
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: did it.
SPEAKER_R: a good call, definitely a good call. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How have you guys been out there?
SPEAKER_R: Been good today. My day was pretty easy. I work from home, so, you know, I mostly spent time doing some design work. My office wants me to help
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: recreate the newsletter
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: because the old one we were doing was too small, so now they want it to be shorter, but they don't want to cut any of the content. So that's been difficult. Um
SPEAKER_L: Have them.
SPEAKER_R: It's great to figure out how to make a newsletter shorter without
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: rid of anything. But
SPEAKER_L: but don't let anything out so maybe
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like, okay, so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna work with like what? Five point fun now, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: funny, how long have you been working from home now? Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: guess for about two months. Um I actually, I'm a recent college grad, so I graduated in May. I kept campus job that I had until mid july. Yeah that's when I left. Um So I was working at that campus job I had had for about a year and a half. Um I was lucky enough to get to stay to work with them. After graduating I had housing on campus and I just stayed working there until my lease ended. So that was nice. Um That was actually in person work though. So I was working in person at the start of it. It was actually
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: for an I. T. Department at our school. So I was going in and I was helping make sure I was doing a lot of equipment cleaning. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: I was keeping stuff like computer labs clean and I was helping make sure printers weren't jammed stuff like that. So I was actually working in person though which was nice because it was the only time I ever like saw other people because I actually lived by myself at that point.
SPEAKER_L: got it.
SPEAKER_R: So I see some people fixing printers.
SPEAKER_L: the change
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: then I spent some time trying to look for a job. I got this job and I started that in early september and now I'm moving I moved back to my hometown, I'm staying with my mom and my step dad until I finish this contract with this job and then then we're just gonna see where the world is, you know, not really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: planning past that because I don't know where the world's going to be at, so.
SPEAKER_L: completely understand. I've been working from home for 5.5 years now. Uh
SPEAKER_R: That's nice.
SPEAKER_L: So much changed because of covid for us, for my husband did come home for a few months. He was working from our we have an office slash guest room so he was there and all I would hear about it would be the complaints about how slow your internet is. I'm like welcome to my life,
SPEAKER_R: Well and it was probably faster when it was only one person on it, you know? And then you had two people on
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: to the
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: network,
SPEAKER_L: addition here so whoever might have like but I'm very news here like at the end of like so March 17th through I would say august. And then finally someone was coming in his office to visit like some clients or whatever. And when they did, uh, he was like, well I'm just going to keep working from there. I was like, sweet. So I love seeing him don't get me wrong and stuff like that. So for me, like you constantly want to go out to eat or he's like, hey, do you want some junk food? And I'm like, no, like this is not like I've
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: been thinking for a long time to get adjusted to working from home from a very social person. So I think, you know, by myself, I have my, my, my son and then my mom lives with us to um but it was just like, okay, cool, like seeing you, but at the same time I'm getting fat and all you do is complain about our internet. So just go over there and he's a lot better. So now what he does, he comes home for lunch and we'll work out together. And then
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: I, well he takes a shower. I packed him up a lunch and send them back to work. So
SPEAKER_R: That's really nice. That's cool, I like that, yeah, yeah, definitely, it's definitely tough to kind of separate uh separate out work at home when you're working at home. Um It's the first time I've lived at home in like four years,
SPEAKER_L: The people,
SPEAKER_R: so my mom is really excited to have me home and I missed her so much and we want to have a lot of social time together, but it's also like no, I need to focus and I need to focus, I have to be on the clock,
SPEAKER_L: Wall
SPEAKER_R: I can't take
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: a can take a two hour lunch break as much as I want to, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: now my mom will come barging in and when I'm in the middle of a meeting, I'm like, mom, seriously, I have a real job, Get out, you know, and like, I don't even have the door closed and she's still opens and she's like, hey guys me and I'm like, give her the evil eye and she's like, oh yeah, I'm like, the door is closed for a reason. My door is always open when I'm available, but come on. But Just, they had to leave on Sunday. They have a 91 year old grandpa
SPEAKER_R: thanks,
SPEAKER_L: who just got diagnosed with cancer all over his body. So they meaning that he had about three months left. So she was like Oh my God I gotta go help my mom. So I was like yeah you definitely should go. So she went on sunday. Um And so she's been missing for like the past three days and we miss her because she does a lot for us and she be your baby's all of us. So.
SPEAKER_R: Missing piece of the puzzle, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. So it's been hard on us but you know what, he needs her more than we do right now, you know, so we have a second like right now I'm making dinner which is something I never do.
SPEAKER_R: usually her job,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So she basically she like she does everything that a housewife would normally do right? So like she washes our clothes, she cooks, she cleans for us, she keeps his house afloat basically. Well my husband and I worked in my four year old now, he goes to school, he just started like like three weeks ago. Um but take care of him to you know so we just worked and like he throws out the garbage and cuts the grass sometimes I throw out the garbage and I do the dishes that those are two
SPEAKER_R: Very good,
SPEAKER_L: jobs that we have. So when I say we're spoiled were really spoiled. So now I have to do like seven loads of laundry yesterday. Like where do all these clothes come from? God not you at all. So It's hard but you know what it's a little bit of adjusting to it and you know I'm a grown adult, I'm actually 37 so I've lived on my own and I know how to do it, I just don't really like it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you know, if you don't have to, don't,
SPEAKER_L: Why
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean the job that I got right now has been paying pretty well for, you know, for what it is and stuff and I'm saving up pretty well. And a lot of my friends said, hey, you got like, you've got enough money right now, why don't you move out? Why don't you move out? And I'm like, because I'm going to run out of this money way faster and I'm not going to have my mom who wants to bring me a cup of coffee on sunday mornings and I'm not going to have, you know, my mom who wants to grab me around places, I'm not going to have this help, like while I've got this, I'm going to keep it, you know, if I don't have to run a whole apartment by myself, I'm not gonna, you know, I've got this system here support, like
SPEAKER_L: That's what I'm like. No, honestly, I think that in our society they always, you know, point this thing of, oh you have to live on your own to make it like, no, you don't. Like if you look at other societies, like in India, they say like they stay with their parents until they're old and they're going to die. You know, like you let's continue and even like most asian countries they do that. So it's like it's normal for people to take care of your your kids and like, you know, once you get married, like I understand wanting that freedom and being on your own, but if you can get the help and you're okay with it and live what means do it. Like even like my husband's coworkers, you're like your mother in law lives with you, doesn't that get tired? And he's like, no, they're like, like if you could have someone take care of you all the time, why would you fight it?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah and someone who loves you too, you know, it's like they're there to take care of you not because you know, it's not like it's just like a stranger there, they love you, they're helping because they care and that's
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: just, it's such a blessing. It's great. Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: definitely american thing though. I remember reading something one time about like This, it was, it was some sort of graph about like ages that people were moving out and that was like totally normal in America straight up until like after World War II or something like that for both men and women to live at home until they were married. And then around the 1950s when like the economy was crazy, different and suddenly,
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: meet
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: was like Postwar timepiece euphoria or whatever, people were just like, oh well I can buy a house off of like A month savings, I'm just going to do it. And people
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: started
SPEAKER_L: you want
SPEAKER_R: moving
SPEAKER_L: to do.
SPEAKER_R: out from their parents homes at like 20, which is kind of still where it's expected to be now. And even though times have changed that standard for some reason has stayed constant. So even though the rest of our societies like sort of Standards have fluctuated or even like gone back to what they were like in the 1940s when like circumstances would say someone should stay at home until they're married or even later, the standard that you have to move out for some reason has just like persisted and now we're kind of seeing a curve again right now, like especially with like the pandemic and stuff, people are staying home and it's like we're kind of, we're kind of going back and changing, changing that, that that grass
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: or whatever
SPEAKER_L: are saying that they don't
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: have to live in these $3,000 apartments to be happy, you know, like I have a lot of like what I do for work, I have a lot of different employees are all over the place and they're like, Hey, I'm saving, you know, this much money by staying with my folks and it makes a big difference, you know? And if, you know, push comes to shove and they do lose their jobs, they have something to fall back on like why would you mess that up? But you know, it's each their own, you know, like everybody has what feels right for them and like I'm lucky because my parents never like pushed me out there just like, no, yes, you can stay as long as you want, I'm an only child, so I want to go and explore, I want to do my own fingers. I did for the most part, but I wasn't 100% happy. You know, you could ask my husband and he will tell you, he's like, you were happy to the point where you know, you could function, but you missed your mom every day and you know, I was traveling like when I had my son, I had him back in 2015 in november and I would say from november through august when she finally moved in with us, I would go to florida every two weeks for life so every other for two weeks at a time. So it was like constantly gone and he's like, you know, I really, I'm okay with, he's visiting your family that much but I really miss you and I miss our son. Can you ask her to move in with us? And I was like, well let me see. And she said, yeah, so we're like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: there we go. That's the perfect compromise, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like look, I love you and I want to see you more but can you just bring your mom over here like that? We're not spending all of our money like okay, cool. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's what it sounds like, literally the perfect plan. That's awesome. Good.
SPEAKER_L: you know, she's pretty easy for the most part I would say like she, I guess because she realizes that you know our son is our priority and it's hearst too. So she just kind of that he's taken care of and you know like I would say I'm pretty nice for the most part but sometimes I can be mean. So it's nice to have her here so she could help me out and stop being mean. She'll call me out on it like a yes you know you don't have And I'm like sure heard of whatever, so I kind of listened but nothing too crazy. Yeah we uh we just like covid related. Then we went and we bought a new bedroom set. We would like it all. It was at the end of August yeah, end of August, they're not going to deliver it till November 25. So because
SPEAKER_R: hm.
SPEAKER_L: everything is so far behind because everybody doctor working, everybody was prioritizing what they're making, so that aspect of it, but we're like okay, so we're just patiently waiting, I'm looking at my room and I'm like oh my God, I don't have my pit yet. You have a bad but not the cool one that I ordered. So that's it. It's nothing too crazy though. We we just um for thanksgiving my mother in law is coming into town so that will be, I think she's she's a lot of fun, I enjoy having her around. Um but again, she lives all the way like 2000 miles away from us so we only see her like once every, I would say six months, it's pretty nice. I'm like it's cool. I'm like, hey I love you from a power, let's stay over there.
SPEAKER_R: From over there, different relationships require different levels of contact. For sure. My my brother and I have one sibling, my older brother, he's a year and a half older than me, so we're like practically twins.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Um we're like, and
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: even when we ended up going to the same college, we both went to Purdue and then he ended up he was at pretty for five years and so then his senior year, my junior year, we were both on campus and we decided to live together. We had an apartment together because we had the same like we have the same scholarships and the same like college fund and stuff. So like paying for that college like housing rent and whatever. Um just like it was like easier, you know, we knew like family financing stuff together, we could pay for the rent
SPEAKER_L: Point
SPEAKER_R: like super easily. And if one of us was like behind on rent, we'd like be able to tell mom would be like, hey mom, like, you know, it wasn't like it kind of made it easier on a roommate relationship, like we had grown up together, you know, so a lot of the kind of little fights that like roommates would get into, we just did them the sibling way and whatever, but like we were we were pretty good roommates, there was ups and downs. It was tough because like the way you fight with your siblings is, you know, it's a specific kind of bickering but like he knows me so well, he's known me my whole life so like having him as a roommate was really kind of nice, you know? And like being able to talk to him about like family stuff, having him right there. Like when I come home at the end of the days that was really nice and a lot of my friends are like I can't believe you live with your brother. That sounds miserable at that time. It was mostly because he never wanted to do dishes. Um But if he had just turned ditches he would have been like a 30% better roommate, but he never wanted to do dishes. Um But now he moved out to L. A. So and I'm in I'm in the Chicago area so like he's super far away and I, but we still like talk a lot and I've noticed like our relationship, I don't think it's like suffered tremendously or anything like that. So you know, we had different needs at different times in our life and now that we're you know, kind of older and stuff and we that roommate experience with something and it was trying on our relationship and now, even though he's far away, like we still have a good relationship, it's not the same as what it was, but then like my mom and I if she was that far away would be totally different. I wouldn't want to be close by my mom. You know, she and I talked like a lot more than me and my brother do, we talk about different things. We give each other different kinds of support even though they're both family. Like I have a necessity
SPEAKER_L: Boom.
SPEAKER_R: in my life to see my mom way more often than I have a necessity in my life to see my brother, even though they're both family, it's different,
SPEAKER_L: No fun.
SPEAKER_R: different parts family. It's got different needs in those relationships.
SPEAKER_L: So we graduated
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: from for
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: as well. Um I graduate,
SPEAKER_R: cycle.
SPEAKER_L: I graduated in 2005 from the hospitality and tourism management program and then my husband graduated with in 2009 because yes, I did marry a younger man um uh in 2009 in civil engineering. So yeah, and right after college I did move to L. A. Um it's like I'm kind of like your brother.
SPEAKER_R: Where is that?
SPEAKER_L: So I lived in L. A. With my uncle and I would commute 33 miles every day to go to the, I work at the Hyatt in Long Beach because you know, hospitality. So it was, it was an interesting time to say the least, but I completely understand like the whole, you know, going from the midwest to a different state is a little bit crazy. So it was fine for me because I did have family there and it is my your uncle, like if you were to meet him you'd be like, oh my god, your uncle so cool. Like I know he's mine back off. My husband's like you
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: guys, you guys have the same sense of humor is like you guys are the same person just in different stages of life. I'm like, yeah, I'm like any boy and I'm a girl, but we got along pretty well. But yeah, I didn't uh ahead the same roommates. So like my freshman year, I lived in their heart and then um it was only a girl's dorm at that time, but then I lived with my sorority sisters. We had a small Latina based sorority on campus, so we didn't have a house or anything. We weren't on fraternity, but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. What's that? What's that's already called? I think I don't, I'm not going with the greek letters and stuff, but I might recognize if you say it. I know that there is still a Latina uh sorority on campus.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: They always, they do a lot of really cool fundraisers.
SPEAKER_L: Delta Find you. So it's they were pink.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're all on campus. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: they're still there, they're still active. We just got a message today that they're, I think they have three new girls. So I was like, all right, cool. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: awesome. That's great.
SPEAKER_L: my aunt actually was one of the founders, so it worked out pretty.
SPEAKER_R: No way. Very cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so she's still alive. Like it's not that old.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, but that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it's it's pretty neat. So I've had and I think that experience helped me, you know, keep those friends for like a lifetime, you know, because everything from being an only child and you know, constantly having my mom around me then moving out and I was kind of like what my sister do now, like if I were to get sick or something, they were always here to help me and you know, even if it was just someone to eat with you, it was nice. But yeah, it was funny because my husband lived with one of my shorty sisters right after I lived with her. So we will talk about her all the time. I'm like, oh my God, remember the drop, like we love her, but you know, for like three days at a time, she was very dramatic tribe. I worked out. But yeah, so um, like as far as Purdue actually just had a meeting on saturday because the, so I was one of the founders of the Latino Cultural Center, um, and they were trying to figure out how to get our students, like the alumni association restarted or whatever. And it was like an hour and a half meeting and I felt bad because one of my friends was here, but I was just kind of like, well I kind of need to be there except I want to be a part of like all right, go ahead. But the cool thing, it was nice seeing people that you graduated with him a long time ago, you know, So it was pretty unique.
SPEAKER_R: they are a couple of weeks ago. Um I don't know. I don't, well I guess it wasn't a couple weeks ago. I guess it was months ago because this was summer. My time is totally shot. But I used to go to a lot of different cultural centers while it was at Purdue because I'm a global studies major. Um So a lot of stuff like different cultures and linguistics and anthropology and all of that. There was a lot of when I was studying and so of course I made a lot of different friends and a lot of the just good events for, well, I mean frankly just good events period on campus were happening at cultural centers but specifically events good for like me and my groups and my like studies. They were happening at like the cultural centers and they started doing when covid they started doing this thing called coffee and conversations. And I told myself all summer I was going to go to one. I was gonna log on. I was going to log on and then suddenly and now it's been months and I never made it to any of them.
SPEAKER_L: It's not too late. It's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: not too
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: late. I'm pretty sure they'll still let you on, but yeah, I know that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right right right. At the end of my I. T. Job I was in the L. C. C. To help them reorganize their computer labs so that it could be socially distance. So I was hoping switch around all the ethernet cables and we help them carry some chairs around so that they could still have their lab open and be it socially distanced in the upstairs part. And I was talking to some of the women there and they said that the online events even having have actually had some pretty good attendance. So
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: even do both
SPEAKER_R: scared.
SPEAKER_L: reading club in the summer and then I was a part of
SPEAKER_R: But one
SPEAKER_L: I completely missed all the meetings. I read the books. I just kept missing
SPEAKER_R: hey, there you go.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Honestly,
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: we'll do the other way around. They forget to read the book and they go to all the
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: meetings.
SPEAKER_L: right. I don't know. I love reading, I could read a book like in a city, you know, just let me sit there and I'll be able to do it. But it was just kind of, it was on Fridays and I still you know I work full time so would they would be like at 4 30 I would constantly forget. So I was like guys why do you guys keep doing this to me, can we do it at a different time? But you know it is what it is and you just go along with it and like I I missed it but I did read the book so that was but yeah, I know,
SPEAKER_R: that is
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: it was it was a fun time, it was probably one of the best choices I've made um as a young adult because I was only 18 what? But you know, I
SPEAKER_R: Me,
SPEAKER_L: I would do it all over again. Um My my husband does say though that he would enjoy his fraternity again just because he felt like it was more work than what it was worth to him. But me on the other hand, I'm like, yeah, I would totally join again because it made a big difference for me like you know having someone there like I said, I think for me since I always had my mom and I always had some watch out for me or help me like it was like, you know, kind of like not a replacement for first day but it was someone to help. So it worked out and you know, everybody did something with you and stuff like that. But like even the girl that came, my friend that came this weekend, she was in my sorority and then after that like we lived together because when I worked for the high, I worked in California Minnesota in Kentucky in florida and in Nebraska. So I I traveled everywhere with it, you know, lived everywhere, opened up some hotels in curacao. So I got to, you know, see some cool places too, don't get me wrong, it wasn't all just work, there's a lot of play um Kentucky
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: when I moved there,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: that's mystery lived there already. And then I was like, hey I'm gonna come in and she was like, oh my God, I need to live with you, you know, let me break my lease and she was able to get out of it. So then once she got out of the lease then we uh we lived in a condo together and it was a good year and a half and then I ended up, I was gonna move to florida and she actually got a job because she hurt her major producer was um aviation management. And part of that program that she did, it was like she knew a lot of asian students that are trying to be pilots or whatever. So she got into this program where she lived in china for a year. Um she would basically make sure that those kids learn english to be pilots in the US. So now what she does, she works she lives out in Indianapolis and she writes for Republican ways and she actually gets all of the, what is it called? The oh my God, I can't even think of it like all of the like the small airplanes, like she's in charge of all of those and just like creating all the revenue and keeping it updated. And she was like telling me about how you know they're suffering in the industry right now and how you know all these flights that are being canceled and it's just like, oh man, I'm like that's rough. So you know it is what it is, but I kind of got to come with it right because right now like the hospitality industry is just busted. Like some someone added me on facebook group and they're like, I would say I'm like I haven't been in the hospitality world for 5.5 years but I feel so bad because no one is really traveling, no one is going for is and like people are just keep losing their jobs so that kind of stuff. But you know this whole advisor, I don't know whatever it's called that they probably vaccine networks. I'm like, I hope you know that comes into something to play.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. And I hope that it's able to get out to the public and then it's not just some like $1000 thing that only you know, the fancy folks get because that's not what's gonna put us back in place. We need everybody to be safe if we want stuff to,
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: to move
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: in the direction it needs to. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: even get people to wear their masks at the same time, you know? And I'm
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: like come on guys stop making a political thing out of it, we just yourselves
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know,
SPEAKER_L: healthy and work with one another. And like, I think even even right now with this whole election thing that, you know, that just happened, it's just so much stuff happened where it was just too much at one time, I was like, oh my God, like it makes you sick to your stomach, you know? So it's just you guys the whole point, you're supposed to help each other out. But I think as a society we've lost that like we're not at the same place anymore and just there's just so many different things going on. It kind of sucks because, you know, I have a five year old and I just feel bad thing. Oh he said hi,
SPEAKER_R: How long?
SPEAKER_L: it's just like what he's expecting, you know? Like what is what's going to happen to him, like I I hope, you know, his world a little better than mine, but right now it's not looking like it's going to be that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I mean we can expend every bit of energy that we have into making sure that it's as good as it can be, but there is only so many things we can control, you know, we can we can only work with our own hands, we can't move the others, you know? So what else have you got? I work in the industry
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: of youth development like I said I got my my degree in global Studies and then I had a certification through the Peace Corps and Youth development and like working with like international youth programming is kind of my general focus. And so the job that I have right now, it's all like um like youth uh I don't really know what to categorize the like
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: education things but you know it's like the folks who would like come into your school and like teach you about stuff like anti bullying and sex education and like anti drug and alcohol abuse and stuff like that. Like they're like, I like, I guess extracurricular, but you know, that kind of stuff like the, the not math and science
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: things.
SPEAKER_L: an outreach program
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: basically, like Okay,
SPEAKER_R: pretty much, yeah. Yeah. So you know, doing that and it's like I feel good that I'm doing that. And like I see a lot of folks in my community, you know, of course these are all geared towards like communities that are really needing help and I want to do what I can, I want to do what I can, but like at the end of the day, it's like I have to clock out and I have to know like what I've done is all I could. And even, especially now as I'm sitting here, like
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: a lot of our classrooms are over zoom and like I want to be able to reach through the screen and do more, but like we're really just limited to what we can do, you know? It's hard. It's really
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: I completely understand. It's just you try to do the best you can and you know, you hope for the best and you know, you can't guarantee like that everybody else is going to do their part, but you know, you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: just like, I think if you do your part as long as you can, as much as you can, I think it will make it like that's one of the things um I used to like strive on like our sorority was philanthropy philanthropy base, so we would have to have, you know, a number of hours every time, and like after being, you know, in college graduate who do I still kept doing it, you know, it was just something that came natural and it was something that, you know, it makes you feel good being able to, you know, give yourself to others so that, you know, it could kind of trickle down and everybody does it a little bit for everybody and I've kind of gotten away from that and I think, you know, that it brings me up, like I need to be able to go back to it, like I know right now is probably not the ideal time to be hanging out with random people, right, but you know, there's always that chance of, you know, once, you know, things get a little better going out there or even just doing stuff online, like even, you know, even if it just means to direct a lot of, a lot lately has been more just donating money and you know what, if you're do that and that's fine too, like you gotta contribute in any way possible and I think it looks it over also. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: true. Yeah, people, you know, people often they don't they don't always know exactly like how to help, you know, long terms. I feel like people get kind of stuck in the idea, it's like, well it's not like I can I can't give $1000 what am I gonna do, You know? And I think something about all of us kind of having been sent home and like having to having so much, I don't know, like just being such a different situation and looking at a problem. I think a lot of people have realized different ways to help that they might not have previously thought about that. Like there's more you
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: can do
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: besides
SPEAKER_L: around
SPEAKER_R: dress
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: donating
SPEAKER_L: world.
SPEAKER_R: money. Like people finding new ways to use their talents to help others. Think times are hard, Times are really hard. But one thing that's been really inspiring us seeing how impassioned people are to do good and help. You know, there's of course the people who really frustrate me who are not doing what they
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: need to do to help, but you know, I try to I try to move past that and really kind of focus on or at least rejuvenate myself with the idea of the people who are doing more because they're
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: out there, you know,
SPEAKER_L: focus
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: on the helpers, you know, like not like something bad happens, always look at, you know, look for the good people and those are the ones that you have to, you know, spend your time on and like just let the negative energy go out the door because there's some people that are just gonna be negative all the time, you just kind of like whatever and don't let it bother, you just just keep on going. So that's all like I'm like from a 37 year old to a recent grad, you know, it's just keep on going and whatever, you know, your passion is follow it and like the good thing is you're still young, I'm still young if I wanted to do something else, but I think helping others is it makes a big difference in your life and overall it makes an impact on everything, so Mhm. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It really does. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was awesome chatting with, you know, I don't really know what to do after, I've never done like a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: surveys online and you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do tend to these and I'll do them sometimes. Like all my work breaks and whatever. And it's been cool doing the prolific stuff. I was like kind of surprised at how well some of these things go, you know, they actually, it's not pennies, you know, it actually kinda adds up a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: I had $100, you
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you're like, if I just hit the X is like, I don't know, I feel weird just like exiting out of it, you know, I'm used to having a prolific code
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: pop up, you know,
SPEAKER_L: have to go back to the part where it says online survey software and then once you hit next and they asked me questions,
SPEAKER_R: proud
SPEAKER_L: I did
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: this work because I accidentally hit it and then they're like, if you accidently hit next, I was like, so I had,
SPEAKER_R: Ooh,
SPEAKER_L: I hope you have a great evening, It was great doing boiler up. It
SPEAKER_R: boiler
SPEAKER_L: will
SPEAKER_R: up,
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: enjoy your dinner,
SPEAKER_L: fight.