Mhm We'll give you
hello.
you hear me?
Wonderful. I was trying to figure out this is my first time doing one of these. It's like I don't know if she could see me.
So
it didn't tell us what we had to talk about for 25 minutes, as long as it was 25 minutes. All right, very cool. Well here I could tell you about my day, I had to take my five year old to get his yearly checkup done. Um and it basically took an hour and a half.
It
was a little bit much for a five year old but you know, he took it like a trooper. He was not happy about having to get a shot done. So right now with everything, the way that it is a flu shot I think was probably the best thing to do for us. So we
did it.
How have you guys been out there?
No,
no.
Have them.
Thank
you,
but don't let anything out so maybe
that's
funny, how long have you been working from home now? Thanks.
but
Uh
got it.
the change
was
I
completely understand. I've been working from home for 5.5 years now. Uh
So much changed because of covid for us, for my husband did come home for a few months. He was working from our we have an office slash guest room so he was there and all I would hear about it would be the complaints about how slow your internet is. I'm like welcome to my life,
I'm
like
addition here so whoever might have like but I'm very news here like at the end of like so March 17th through I would say august. And then finally someone was coming in his office to visit like some clients or whatever. And when they did, uh, he was like, well I'm just going to keep working from there. I was like, sweet. So I love seeing him don't get me wrong and stuff like that. So for me, like you constantly want to go out to eat or he's like, hey, do you want some junk food? And I'm like, no, like this is not like I've
been thinking for a long time to get adjusted to working from home from a very social person. So I think, you know, by myself, I have my, my, my son and then my mom lives with us to um but it was just like, okay, cool, like seeing you, but at the same time I'm getting fat and all you do is complain about our internet. So just go over there and he's a lot better. So now what he does, he comes home for lunch and we'll work out together. And then
I, well he takes a shower. I packed him up a lunch and send them back to work. So
The people,
Wall
in.
now my mom will come barging in and when I'm in the middle of a meeting, I'm like, mom, seriously, I have a real job, Get out, you know, and like, I don't even have the door closed and she's still opens and she's like, hey guys me and I'm like, give her the evil eye and she's like, oh yeah, I'm like, the door is closed for a reason. My door is always open when I'm available, but come on. But Just, they had to leave on Sunday. They have a 91 year old grandpa
who just got diagnosed with cancer all over his body. So they meaning that he had about three months left. So she was like Oh my God I gotta go help my mom. So I was like yeah you definitely should go. So she went on sunday. Um And so she's been missing for like the past three days and we miss her because she does a lot for us and she be your baby's all of us. So.
Exactly. So it's been hard on us but you know what, he needs her more than we do right now, you know, so we have a second like right now I'm making dinner which is something I never do.
Yeah. So she basically she like she does everything that a housewife would normally do right? So like she washes our clothes, she cooks, she cleans for us, she keeps his house afloat basically. Well my husband and I worked in my four year old now, he goes to school, he just started like like three weeks ago. Um but take care of him to you know so we just worked and like he throws out the garbage and cuts the grass sometimes I throw out the garbage and I do the dishes that those are two
jobs that we have. So when I say we're spoiled were really spoiled. So now I have to do like seven loads of laundry yesterday. Like where do all these clothes come from? God not you at all. So It's hard but you know what it's a little bit of adjusting to it and you know I'm a grown adult, I'm actually 37 so I've lived on my own and I know how to do it, I just don't really like it.
Why
would
you? Yeah.
That's what I'm like. No, honestly, I think that in our society they always, you know, point this thing of, oh you have to live on your own to make it like, no, you don't. Like if you look at other societies, like in India, they say like they stay with their parents until they're old and they're going to die. You know, like you let's continue and even like most asian countries they do that. So it's like it's normal for people to take care of your your kids and like, you know, once you get married, like I understand wanting that freedom and being on your own, but if you can get the help and you're okay with it and live what means do it. Like even like my husband's coworkers, you're like your mother in law lives with you, doesn't that get tired? And he's like, no, they're like, like if you could have someone take care of you all the time, why would you fight it?
Thank
you.
Good
to
meet
you.
If
you want
to do.
People
are saying that they don't
have to live in these $3,000 apartments to be happy, you know, like I have a lot of like what I do for work, I have a lot of different employees are all over the place and they're like, Hey, I'm saving, you know, this much money by staying with my folks and it makes a big difference, you know? And if, you know, push comes to shove and they do lose their jobs, they have something to fall back on like why would you mess that up? But you know, it's each their own, you know, like everybody has what feels right for them and like I'm lucky because my parents never like pushed me out there just like, no, yes, you can stay as long as you want, I'm an only child, so I want to go and explore, I want to do my own fingers. I did for the most part, but I wasn't 100% happy. You know, you could ask my husband and he will tell you, he's like, you were happy to the point where you know, you could function, but you missed your mom every day and you know, I was traveling like when I had my son, I had him back in 2015 in november and I would say from november through august when she finally moved in with us, I would go to florida every two weeks for life so every other for two weeks at a time. So it was like constantly gone and he's like, you know, I really, I'm okay with, he's visiting your family that much but I really miss you and I miss our son. Can you ask her to move in with us? And I was like, well let me see. And she said, yeah, so we're like, yeah,
Like look, I love you and I want to see you more but can you just bring your mom over here like that? We're not spending all of our money like okay, cool. So
you know, she's pretty easy for the most part I would say like she, I guess because she realizes that you know our son is our priority and it's hearst too. So she just kind of that he's taken care of and you know like I would say I'm pretty nice for the most part but sometimes I can be mean. So it's nice to have her here so she could help me out and stop being mean. She'll call me out on it like a yes you know you don't have And I'm like sure heard of whatever, so I kind of listened but nothing too crazy. Yeah we uh we just like covid related. Then we went and we bought a new bedroom set. We would like it all. It was at the end of August yeah, end of August, they're not going to deliver it till November 25. So because
everything is so far behind because everybody doctor working, everybody was prioritizing what they're making, so that aspect of it, but we're like okay, so we're just patiently waiting, I'm looking at my room and I'm like oh my God, I don't have my pit yet. You have a bad but not the cool one that I ordered. So that's it. It's nothing too crazy though. We we just um for thanksgiving my mother in law is coming into town so that will be, I think she's she's a lot of fun, I enjoy having her around. Um but again, she lives all the way like 2000 miles away from us so we only see her like once every, I would say six months, it's pretty nice. I'm like it's cool. I'm like, hey I love you from a power, let's stay over there.
it
about
Point
Boom.
No fun.
So we graduated
from for
you
as well. Um I graduate,
I graduated in 2005 from the hospitality and tourism management program and then my husband graduated with in 2009 because yes, I did marry a younger man um uh in 2009 in civil engineering. So yeah, and right after college I did move to L. A. Um it's like I'm kind of like your brother.
So I lived in L. A. With my uncle and I would commute 33 miles every day to go to the, I work at the Hyatt in Long Beach because you know, hospitality. So it was, it was an interesting time to say the least, but I completely understand like the whole, you know, going from the midwest to a different state is a little bit crazy. So it was fine for me because I did have family there and it is my your uncle, like if you were to meet him you'd be like, oh my god, your uncle so cool. Like I know he's mine back off. My husband's like you
guys, you guys have the same sense of humor is like you guys are the same person just in different stages of life. I'm like, yeah, I'm like any boy and I'm a girl, but we got along pretty well. But yeah, I didn't uh ahead the same roommates. So like my freshman year, I lived in their heart and then um it was only a girl's dorm at that time, but then I lived with my sorority sisters. We had a small Latina based sorority on campus, so we didn't have a house or anything. We weren't on fraternity, but
it's
Delta Find you. So it's they were pink.
they're still there, they're still active. We just got a message today that they're, I think they have three new girls. So I was like, all right, cool. Yeah,
my aunt actually was one of the founders, so it worked out pretty.
Yeah, so she's still alive. Like it's not that old.
Yeah, but it's it's pretty neat. So I've had and I think that experience helped me, you know, keep those friends for like a lifetime, you know, because everything from being an only child and you know, constantly having my mom around me then moving out and I was kind of like what my sister do now, like if I were to get sick or something, they were always here to help me and you know, even if it was just someone to eat with you, it was nice. But yeah, it was funny because my husband lived with one of my shorty sisters right after I lived with her. So we will talk about her all the time. I'm like, oh my God, remember the drop, like we love her, but you know, for like three days at a time, she was very dramatic tribe. I worked out. But yeah, so um, like as far as Purdue actually just had a meeting on saturday because the, so I was one of the founders of the Latino Cultural Center, um, and they were trying to figure out how to get our students, like the alumni association restarted or whatever. And it was like an hour and a half meeting and I felt bad because one of my friends was here, but I was just kind of like, well I kind of need to be there except I want to be a part of like all right, go ahead. But the cool thing, it was nice seeing people that you graduated with him a long time ago, you know, So it was pretty unique.
It's not too late. It's
not too
late. I'm pretty sure they'll still let you on, but yeah, I know that.
they
even do both
reading club in the summer and then I was a part of
I completely missed all the meetings. I read the books. I just kept missing
I
guess.
All
right. I don't know. I love reading, I could read a book like in a city, you know, just let me sit there and I'll be able to do it. But it was just kind of, it was on Fridays and I still you know I work full time so would they would be like at 4 30 I would constantly forget. So I was like guys why do you guys keep doing this to me, can we do it at a different time? But you know it is what it is and you just go along with it and like I I missed it but I did read the book so that was but yeah, I know,
but
it was it was a fun time, it was probably one of the best choices I've made um as a young adult because I was only 18 what? But you know, I
I would do it all over again. Um My my husband does say though that he would enjoy his fraternity again just because he felt like it was more work than what it was worth to him. But me on the other hand, I'm like, yeah, I would totally join again because it made a big difference for me like you know having someone there like I said, I think for me since I always had my mom and I always had some watch out for me or help me like it was like, you know, kind of like not a replacement for first day but it was someone to help. So it worked out and you know, everybody did something with you and stuff like that. But like even the girl that came, my friend that came this weekend, she was in my sorority and then after that like we lived together because when I worked for the high, I worked in California Minnesota in Kentucky in florida and in Nebraska. So I I traveled everywhere with it, you know, lived everywhere, opened up some hotels in curacao. So I got to, you know, see some cool places too, don't get me wrong, it wasn't all just work, there's a lot of play um Kentucky
when I moved there,
that's mystery lived there already. And then I was like, hey I'm gonna come in and she was like, oh my God, I need to live with you, you know, let me break my lease and she was able to get out of it. So then once she got out of the lease then we uh we lived in a condo together and it was a good year and a half and then I ended up, I was gonna move to florida and she actually got a job because she hurt her major producer was um aviation management. And part of that program that she did, it was like she knew a lot of asian students that are trying to be pilots or whatever. So she got into this program where she lived in china for a year. Um she would basically make sure that those kids learn english to be pilots in the US. So now what she does, she works she lives out in Indianapolis and she writes for Republican ways and she actually gets all of the, what is it called? The oh my God, I can't even think of it like all of the like the small airplanes, like she's in charge of all of those and just like creating all the revenue and keeping it updated. And she was like telling me about how you know they're suffering in the industry right now and how you know all these flights that are being canceled and it's just like, oh man, I'm like that's rough. So you know it is what it is, but I kind of got to come with it right because right now like the hospitality industry is just busted. Like some someone added me on facebook group and they're like, I would say I'm like I haven't been in the hospitality world for 5.5 years but I feel so bad because no one is really traveling, no one is going for is and like people are just keep losing their jobs so that kind of stuff. But you know this whole advisor, I don't know whatever it's called that they probably vaccine networks. I'm like, I hope you know that comes into something to play.
she
get
can't
even get people to wear their masks at the same time, you know? And I'm
like come on guys stop making a political thing out of it, we just yourselves
healthy and work with one another. And like, I think even even right now with this whole election thing that, you know, that just happened, it's just so much stuff happened where it was just too much at one time, I was like, oh my God, like it makes you sick to your stomach, you know? So it's just you guys the whole point, you're supposed to help each other out. But I think as a society we've lost that like we're not at the same place anymore and just there's just so many different things going on. It kind of sucks because, you know, I have a five year old and I just feel bad thing. Oh he said hi,
it's just like what he's expecting, you know? Like what is what's going to happen to him, like I I hope, you know, his world a little better than mine, but right now it's not looking like it's going to be that way. Yeah.
But
Sorry.
like
an outreach program
basically, like Okay,
I think
No,
I completely understand. It's just you try to do the best you can and you know, you hope for the best and you know, you can't guarantee like that everybody else is going to do their part, but you know, you
just like, I think if you do your part as long as you can, as much as you can, I think it will make it like that's one of the things um I used to like strive on like our sorority was philanthropy philanthropy base, so we would have to have, you know, a number of hours every time, and like after being, you know, in college graduate who do I still kept doing it, you know, it was just something that came natural and it was something that, you know, it makes you feel good being able to, you know, give yourself to others so that, you know, it could kind of trickle down and everybody does it a little bit for everybody and I've kind of gotten away from that and I think, you know, that it brings me up, like I need to be able to go back to it, like I know right now is probably not the ideal time to be hanging out with random people, right, but you know, there's always that chance of, you know, once, you know, things get a little better going out there or even just doing stuff online, like even, you know, even if it just means to direct a lot of, a lot lately has been more just donating money and you know what, if you're do that and that's fine too, like you gotta contribute in any way possible and I think it looks it over also. Yeah.
People
working
around
the
world.
and
they
focus
on the helpers, you know, like not like something bad happens, always look at, you know, look for the good people and those are the ones that you have to, you know, spend your time on and like just let the negative energy go out the door because there's some people that are just gonna be negative all the time, you just kind of like whatever and don't let it bother, you just just keep on going. So that's all like I'm like from a 37 year old to a recent grad, you know, it's just keep on going and whatever, you know, your passion is follow it and like the good thing is you're still young, I'm still young if I wanted to do something else, but I think helping others is it makes a big difference in your life and overall it makes an impact on everything, so Mhm. Uh
It was awesome chatting with, you know, I don't really know what to do after, I've never done like a
little
surveys online and you know,
I had $100, you
know,
you
have to go back to the part where it says online survey software and then once you hit next and they asked me questions,
I did
this work because I accidentally hit it and then they're like, if you accidently hit next, I was like, so I had,
I hope you have a great evening, It was great doing boiler up. It
will
definitely
fight.