Hi
there. Cool.
Yeah, I can hear you.
You know? I had no idea. Kind of. I didn't know what the setup would be or anything like when I turned this on, you
know?
Oof
man.
definitely
a good call, definitely a good call. Yeah.
Been good today. My day was pretty easy. I work from home, so, you know, I mostly spent time doing some design work. My office wants me to help
recreate the newsletter
because the old one we were doing was too small, so now they want it to be shorter, but they don't want to cut any of the content. So that's been difficult. Um
It's great to figure out how to make a newsletter shorter without
getting
rid of anything. But
and I'm like, okay, so
we're gonna work with like what? Five point fun now, I guess.
guess for about two months. Um I actually, I'm a recent college grad, so I graduated in May. I kept campus job that I had until mid july. Yeah that's when I left. Um So I was working at that campus job I had had for about a year and a half. Um I was lucky enough to get to stay to work with them. After graduating I had housing on campus and I just stayed working there until my lease ended. So that was nice. Um That was actually in person work though. So I was working in person at the start of it. It was actually
for an I. T. Department at our school. So I was going in and I was helping make sure I was doing a lot of equipment cleaning. Um So
I was keeping stuff like computer labs clean and I was helping make sure printers weren't jammed stuff like that. So I was actually working in person though which was nice because it was the only time I ever like saw other people because I actually lived by myself at that point.
So I see some people fixing printers.
and
then I spent some time trying to look for a job. I got this job and I started that in early september and now I'm moving I moved back to my hometown, I'm staying with my mom and my step dad until I finish this contract with this job and then then we're just gonna see where the world is, you know, not really
planning past that because I don't know where the world's going to be at, so.
That's nice.
Well and it was probably faster when it was only one person on it, you know? And then you had two people on
to the
network,
No.
Oh that's
That's really nice. That's cool, I like that, yeah, yeah, definitely, it's definitely tough to kind of separate uh separate out work at home when you're working at home. Um It's the first time I've lived at home in like four years,
so my mom is really excited to have me home and I missed her so much and we want to have a lot of social time together, but it's also like no, I need to focus and I need to focus, I have to be on the clock,
I can't take
a can take a two hour lunch break as much as I want to, you know, so
thanks,
Missing piece of the puzzle, yeah,
usually her job,
Very good,
yeah, you know, if you don't have to, don't,
you
know?
Yeah, I mean the job that I got right now has been paying pretty well for, you know, for what it is and stuff and I'm saving up pretty well. And a lot of my friends said, hey, you got like, you've got enough money right now, why don't you move out? Why don't you move out? And I'm like, because I'm going to run out of this money way faster and I'm not going to have my mom who wants to bring me a cup of coffee on sunday mornings and I'm not going to have, you know, my mom who wants to grab me around places, I'm not going to have this help, like while I've got this, I'm going to keep it, you know, if I don't have to run a whole apartment by myself, I'm not gonna, you know, I've got this system here support, like
Mhm Yeah and someone who loves you too, you know, it's like they're there to take care of you not because you know, it's not like it's just like a stranger there, they love you, they're helping because they care and that's
just, it's such a blessing. It's great. Yeah, it's
definitely american thing though. I remember reading something one time about like This, it was, it was some sort of graph about like ages that people were moving out and that was like totally normal in America straight up until like after World War II or something like that for both men and women to live at home until they were married. And then around the 1950s when like the economy was crazy, different and suddenly,
you
know,
it
was like Postwar timepiece euphoria or whatever, people were just like, oh well I can buy a house off of like A month savings, I'm just going to do it. And people
started
moving
out from their parents homes at like 20, which is kind of still where it's expected to be now. And even though times have changed that standard for some reason has stayed constant. So even though the rest of our societies like sort of Standards have fluctuated or even like gone back to what they were like in the 1940s when like circumstances would say someone should stay at home until they're married or even later, the standard that you have to move out for some reason has just like persisted and now we're kind of seeing a curve again right now, like especially with like the pandemic and stuff, people are staying home and it's like we're kind of, we're kind of going back and changing, changing that, that that grass
or whatever
they
there we go. That's the perfect compromise, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. That's what it sounds like, literally the perfect plan. That's awesome. Good.
hm.
From over there, different relationships require different levels of contact. For sure. My my brother and I have one sibling, my older brother, he's a year and a half older than me, so we're like practically twins.
Um we're like, and
even when we ended up going to the same college, we both went to Purdue and then he ended up he was at pretty for five years and so then his senior year, my junior year, we were both on campus and we decided to live together. We had an apartment together because we had the same like we have the same scholarships and the same like college fund and stuff. So like paying for that college like housing rent and whatever. Um just like it was like easier, you know, we knew like family financing stuff together, we could pay for the rent
like super easily. And if one of us was like behind on rent, we'd like be able to tell mom would be like, hey mom, like, you know, it wasn't like it kind of made it easier on a roommate relationship, like we had grown up together, you know, so a lot of the kind of little fights that like roommates would get into, we just did them the sibling way and whatever, but like we were we were pretty good roommates, there was ups and downs. It was tough because like the way you fight with your siblings is, you know, it's a specific kind of bickering but like he knows me so well, he's known me my whole life so like having him as a roommate was really kind of nice, you know? And like being able to talk to him about like family stuff, having him right there. Like when I come home at the end of the days that was really nice and a lot of my friends are like I can't believe you live with your brother. That sounds miserable at that time. It was mostly because he never wanted to do dishes. Um But if he had just turned ditches he would have been like a 30% better roommate, but he never wanted to do dishes. Um But now he moved out to L. A. So and I'm in I'm in the Chicago area so like he's super far away and I, but we still like talk a lot and I've noticed like our relationship, I don't think it's like suffered tremendously or anything like that. So you know, we had different needs at different times in our life and now that we're you know, kind of older and stuff and we that roommate experience with something and it was trying on our relationship and now, even though he's far away, like we still have a good relationship, it's not the same as what it was, but then like my mom and I if she was that far away would be totally different. I wouldn't want to be close by my mom. You know, she and I talked like a lot more than me and my brother do, we talk about different things. We give each other different kinds of support even though they're both family. Like I have a necessity
in my life to see my mom way more often than I have a necessity in my life to see my brother, even though they're both family, it's different,
different parts family. It's got different needs in those relationships.
So
we
go
cycle.
Where is that?
There.
Mhm. What's that? What's that's already called? I think I don't, I'm not going with the greek letters and stuff, but I might recognize if you say it. I know that there is still a Latina uh sorority on campus.
They always, they do a lot of really cool fundraisers.
Yeah, they're all on campus. Yeah,
awesome. That's great.
No way. Very cool.
Yes, but that's awesome.
they are a couple of weeks ago. Um I don't know. I don't, well I guess it wasn't a couple weeks ago. I guess it was months ago because this was summer. My time is totally shot. But I used to go to a lot of different cultural centers while it was at Purdue because I'm a global studies major. Um So a lot of stuff like different cultures and linguistics and anthropology and all of that. There was a lot of when I was studying and so of course I made a lot of different friends and a lot of the just good events for, well, I mean frankly just good events period on campus were happening at cultural centers but specifically events good for like me and my groups and my like studies. They were happening at like the cultural centers and they started doing when covid they started doing this thing called coffee and conversations. And I told myself all summer I was going to go to one. I was gonna log on. I was going to log on and then suddenly and now it's been months and I never made it to any of them.
It's
not.
Yeah. Right right right. At the end of my I. T. Job I was in the L. C. C. To help them reorganize their computer labs so that it could be socially distance. So I was hoping switch around all the ethernet cables and we help them carry some chairs around so that they could still have their lab open and be it socially distanced in the upstairs part. And I was talking to some of the women there and they said that the online events even having have actually had some pretty good attendance. So
I was
scared.
But one
hey, there you go.
Honestly,
we'll do the other way around. They forget to read the book and they go to all the
meetings.
that is
good.
Me,
Good.
Thank you.
mm hmm. And I hope that it's able to get out to the public and then it's not just some like $1000 thing that only you know, the fancy folks get because that's not what's gonna put us back in place. We need everybody to be safe if we want stuff to,
to
to move
in the direction it needs to. Yeah,
I know.
Yeah, I know,
How long?
Yeah. And I mean we can expend every bit of energy that we have into making sure that it's as good as it can be, but there is only so many things we can control, you know, we can we can only work with our own hands, we can't move the others, you know? So what else have you got? I work in the industry
of youth development like I said I got my my degree in global Studies and then I had a certification through the Peace Corps and Youth development and like working with like international youth programming is kind of my general focus. And so the job that I have right now, it's all like um like youth uh I don't really know what to categorize the like
education things but you know it's like the folks who would like come into your school and like teach you about stuff like anti bullying and sex education and like anti drug and alcohol abuse and stuff like that. Like they're like, I like, I guess extracurricular, but you know, that kind of stuff like the, the not math and science
things.
So
pretty much, yeah. Yeah. So you know, doing that and it's like I feel good that I'm doing that. And like I see a lot of folks in my community, you know, of course these are all geared towards like communities that are really needing help and I want to do what I can, I want to do what I can, but like at the end of the day, it's like I have to clock out and I have to know like what I've done is all I could. And even, especially now as I'm sitting here, like
a lot of our classrooms are over zoom and like I want to be able to reach through the screen and do more, but like we're really just limited to what we can do, you know? It's hard. It's really
hard.
All
true. Yeah, people, you know, people often they don't they don't always know exactly like how to help, you know, long terms. I feel like people get kind of stuck in the idea, it's like, well it's not like I can I can't give $1000 what am I gonna do, You know? And I think something about all of us kind of having been sent home and like having to having so much, I don't know, like just being such a different situation and looking at a problem. I think a lot of people have realized different ways to help that they might not have previously thought about that. Like there's more you
can do
besides
dress
donating
money. Like people finding new ways to use their talents to help others. Think times are hard, Times are really hard. But one thing that's been really inspiring us seeing how impassioned people are to do good and help. You know, there's of course the people who really frustrate me who are not doing what they
need to do to help, but you know, I try to I try to move past that and really kind of focus on or at least rejuvenate myself with the idea of the people who are doing more because they're
out there, you know,
you know.
It really does. Yeah.
I
know.
Yeah, I do tend to these and I'll do them sometimes. Like all my work breaks and whatever. And it's been cool doing the prolific stuff. I was like kind of surprised at how well some of these things go, you know, they actually, it's not pennies, you know, it actually kinda adds up a little bit.
No,
you're like, if I just hit the X is like, I don't know, I feel weird just like exiting out of it, you know, I'm used to having a prolific code
pop up, you know,
proud
to
Ooh,
boiler
up,
enjoy your dinner,