Hi can you hear me?
Yes I can hear you now
well
well
how
are you?
you've
done it.
where are you?
saying south florida. Okay I'm not
too familiar
with
florida.
Yeah I'm in Lafayette. Yeah
so not right on the coast but about 50 miles in. So it's been an active hurricane season for us.
Um A little bit of whether Delta was a little bit of damage to the house and stuff but really we've been very lucky. Yeah
I'm from texas originally on the gulf coast so I'm used to it.
how
good
good. I'm glad for you. So you said you've done a few of these.
I
don't know.
I'm
glad you turn it.
That's
Yeah. 1st 1 with a person and if you some stuff on prolific but I really I had no idea what to expect. I
was
telling my husband,
I said Sorry there's a lag. Um I
was
telling my husband,
I said
I remember the last time when I just talked to somebody for 25 minutes is especially now with COVID and everything. It's weird. I,
it's kind of fun.
It
What
did you
talk about
wisdom of the other people
working?
Yeah, I'm a people person too. I enjoy, I enjoy talking to people so I figured it would be a fun one to do get to know somebody and I mean, I figured they were really mean to me or something. I could just log out. Yeah.
Well mostly I'm a stay at home mom. So that's why I do a lot of the prolific staff. I have a Very random contract job where I get maybe five hours a month right now. So that's fine. So for right now that's what I'm doing just doing some of the prolific stuff that we're virtual schooling. So that um Yeah, it takes up a lot of my time.
What about you?
what?
So
last
night?
That's
But.
Yeah, it's a lot of work. Mhm.
There are nine and 6 so 3rd grade in Kindergarten.
No, they don't go at all. So they were in a private school and we just weren't sure what to do this year. So we decided we would take a wait and see approach. Um If if I could have, I would have gone in the spring and then held out the rest of the year. But that it doesn't work that way unless you pay for the whole year so we might jump in at a later date. I mean it's mostly the socialization that I missed for them. Um
Trying to be a teacher, I mean I'm not it's been rough, they're doing great but it's been rough and I don't want them to get behind but
it's my first pandemic, you know our family is just making the best choices we can. Yeah.
Well
T
t
you?
Sounds like a lot,
no.
well my youngest, you know it's kindergarten, so of course
he's a brilliant genius but it's a little bit easier for him to sort of roll through life, you know he doesn't have the same social connections and stuff yet. My oldest is also very sensitive sort of anxious type um And it's been tough um you know he misses his friends, uh he worries about us, we play soccer now which is we just started that and it's a little once a week kids league thing and um, they wear the masks and the coaches where the mask that the other kids don't and that's been interesting social experiment, especially in Louisiana florida, I'm sure isn't much better, but it's a very conservative area. Um, So there's a lot of non mask compliance and yeah, it's, yeah, it's been interesting to see how it goes that soccer, but I'm proud of them. You know, we don't have that same struggle. I think the family friend being sick is probably really tough for your daughter to process all that brings at him sort of right in front of her, so to speak. So that must be really challenging. Yeah.
Very much so. Mhm.
It's a lot for all of us.
I think you,
I think so too you and I know some of that transfers to our kids you know even though which might not to let it it can be stressful. Yeah.
Then
No.
Uh huh.
Well I think it's a blast. I mean most of them are interesting. Um I've got done all kinds of things from like puzzles to talking to people now and yeah I like it because you can do it at your convenience and I feel like I'm learning I've learned some things and yeah it certainly is an interesting process but I haven't been doing it that long I think like three weeks now. So yeah
on reddit yeah I just read some people were talking about ways to make extra money and I thought oh that's interesting. So now here I am talking to strangers on the internet that's it.
it kind of
no
no I'm sure I'm having
a good time.
I'll have
to keep my eye out seeing if they send me more links. Yeah. That's cool. Very
Wouldn't you love to be a fly on the wall? I was very curious. I know it said about communication but I wonder you know what they're really looking for if it's like body language or tone of voice or the actual words we say must be. I would think that would be interesting study too. I mean probably the people that are doing this be interesting to watch strangers talk or at least it would to me. Yeah,
Yeah. I would be curious to you. I haven't seen one of those. I usually read everything pretty carefully but I haven't seen anything. Just see where they mentioned that you can find some results, but if I do, I'll definitely check it out. So
I was wondering who I would get. But I see you're a fellow curly girl, so
me too.
yeah. Some
days people are like, oh, I love your curls, but how do you get them to look like that? And I'm like, I wash it and hope for the best because like, yeah, and then some days it's like a frizz halo. Yeah,
it looks
good.
What?
Uh huh. I'm
a product junkie product junkie. Like when I go to target the hair, I'll okay, I'm not allowed to go down there because I'll just get everything will be like, maybe this will work. Maybe this one, this one kind of works. Yeah.
Oliveira is my biggest thing lately. If you haven't tried it, just like,
no,
like, like regular alot just get the one without alcohol. But I get the big like I get it at targets like 3 99 for a Jag and girl I put like a mountain of it and just glop it in and you can do it dry to, it cuts the frizz but it doesn't look crunchy or what it is totally worth it worth
Like
almost. Yeah,
that didn't work for me. I mean just
looks
crazy.
Yeah Olivera, just regular old makers alcohol for you though. Yeah, for $4. I mean it's worth
Okay isn't it? If I was rich I would be I would have a product whole product line of my own I think
so
how long have
you?
No.
morning.
Of course.
I know I no, no I'm not on facebook but I am on a few other, you know, I'm on instagram and whatever. But yeah, I get all those products recommendations to I've finally gotten now where I can control myself a little bit, but I feel like
I'm always looking for the holy grail, you know, this is going to make my hair beautiful, it never does, never done. Yeah,
but
the Oliveira's
lovely.
I've tried that twice in.
I I would it's a lot of work
and then like my hair got drier and and I couldn't and then I wasn't sure if I was doing it correctly and from what I can understand if you're getting silicon is that you can wash out then it's really not that big of a deal. I did it for six months and didn't
difference lance.
Yeah. And there was awful. No dye, no heat. No, it looked awful.
And
what is your hair do you?
Was it like for the
year?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know a single curly girl who went bigger hair, we can all make it bigger, but what you want is the defined curls and everything. If your product junkie, like, because when I use product, it's like half the bottle at a time, okay, then try the elevator, you have to just promise me, because you can go up it in there and it's hard to mess up and it's cheap. Yeah.
Try
it. What?
Mhm. Yeah, I do. I usually put the Oliveira and wet and then I do like a cream, you know, to kind of hold it down and this is a pretty average day. I mean, it's not bad, it's really human here too, so.
Mhm. Yeah, the Olivera, I think weighs it down enough, but I've decided that curly hair, like it just kind of decides when it wants to look good and you
think
you have a routine and then you don't, does your daughter
have curls?
No, my son
did and then they've disappeared and then my other sons straight hair, so. Yeah.
Yeah, I did. Uh huh. Well,
I
I
Well, that was fun.
All right, so bad. Well best of luck to you.
Yeah, take care. Bye.