Hi
Yeah, can you hear me?
great.
Let's start my timer here. Um Well cool, this
was I've done this several
times
and usually my good. How are you? Yeah. What what part
of the world
are you in? Okay. All right. I am actually
I am from northern Kentucky near Cincinnati Ohio but I'm actually in florida right now. Yeah, so I'm in south florida.
I
got
like
okay, are you what part of Louisiana are you near the coast?
All right,
That's that's what I was going to ask you, how how much have you been affected by that?
the
you're used to that. Yeah, it's been we've been down here um when Ada has been coming through and so that's been interesting because you know we being from Kentucky, we've never really experienced anything like that and it ended up not being very bad at all.
I think
it was a tropical storm, I think when it when it came through. But um
I have. Um and most of the time my chat partner doesn't show up. So it's I
always
uh I mean I've I've had several that they have shown up, but um when someone actually shows up, it's kind of exciting because I'm just so used to them not. So isn't
it?
Yeah. Is this your 1st 1st
1?
It's
pretty
this
I
know.
I can
tell.
Yeah. It is kind of um
interesting
because you you do you kind of get out of the you get out of the um routine I guess of really talking. So yeah.
So
what
what?
Right. Oh gosh. It's just, you know, usually like getting to know each other like where are you from and
what do you do? And you know, the basics, and then, you know, several of the people we've talked about, well, like how's Covid affected you where you live and what kind of restrictions, you know, are you guys under if any and um, just different, you know, just different things. There was one girl I chatted with who was in college, she was like a freshman in college and that was probably my most difficult one because we just didn't really have a lot in common, you know, to chat about. And I mean she was very nice, but we just are were at very different points in our lives. So there wasn't a lot of commonality. Um, but everyone that I've actually had the conversation with has been super nice and easy to talk to. And it's, it's been, you know, surprisingly pleasant to get to know them, you know, and interesting to get to know, you know, what about people from different parts of the country and what their lives are like. I enjoyed my husband. He's like, I don't know how you can do that, just talk to a complete stranger and we like it doesn't bother me at all. Yeah.
So what um what do you do for tell me about yourself, what do you do for a living or?
It does, yeah.
Um I am I work part time um an office manager, but it's a very flexible job so I can work like I make my own hours in my own days and um which is super nice because I also have Children and my oldest is in the sixth grade, so she's you know, in the public school system and then my youngest is four, so she's not in school yet. Um but she does preschool, but so it's been it's been nice, especially this year with just having that flexibility of being able
to work from home if the kids are home and um you know sometimes I take them to work with me if I need to go
to the
office
and they're completely fine with that. And so
I don't, it
is, it is, I don't feel like I work part time, I always kind of laugh when I tell somebody I work part time because it just, it doesn't even feel like that much. So most mostly I'm a stay at home mom too. Um that in itself is more than a full time job as you know.
So what um what ages are your Children?
Okay. And you're doing complete virtual school, they don't go in person at all.
Yeah.
Ronnie.
I think, I mean that's what we have to, I reminded my daughter earlier tonight because she's not in florida with me, I'm just here with my husband. So she's at home with grandma for the week while we're down here and they had been doing hybrid school. So basically they split the kids in half and you know half of them went to school monday Tuesday and then everybody was off on Wednesday and then the other half would go thursday friday and on the days that you didn't go, you were virtual and did your stuff online. Um And so she's been used to that since school started back in august while they just decided last week that they were going to go back, everybody was going to go back four days and that started this week and she's um she's been very very nervous about it. Um She she says mom there's just we can't socially distance at all, there's too many people and they do wear mask, but she says, I see people all the time, you know, pulling their mask down and just not following the rules and um so she's been very um you know, she's 11 and she's kind of an anxious kid anyway, um but she's smart enough at 11 to know what, you know, what's going on. And the um we have a family friend who's actually been in the hospital with Covid and is on a ventilator, and they last I heard they were considering, you know, taking him off the ventilator. Um So, you know, she knows those details and so she knows the severity of of it. And so I think that that's really, you know, she she's more worried about
being exposed to it and then bring it home,
you
know,
I mean, or to a grandparent or you know someone um and I just what a what a heavy burden for an 11 year old to have to worry about you know it makes me sad but yeah I I told her earlier I said we just have to make sure that we're we're doing everything that we need to do to be cautious and you know we can't live our lives in fear so we have you know we have to just you know make the best decisions for us and you know that may look different today than it does tomorrow but you know we just kind of day by day right now so it's it's been interesting and um as a parent you know we as you said this is my first pandemic. So you you know you and I as adults navigating it I feel like it's one thing but for kids I can't imagine how how they're processing all of it and um yeah, it's been interesting.
Yeah. Have your
have your kids been doing with it? Power?
Better.
think, I think it's different to hear about it on the news when it's, you know people you don't know and this family friend, my daughter doesn't actually know him. Um He's a friend of my mom's so she's met him, but it's not someone she knows very well. Um But you know, it just it just makes it all more real when it's somebody that you can actually put a face with the name and um it kind of, it just brings, it brings it home a little more so
then there, you know, you're dealing with the yeah the difference of opinions with, you know, mask and you know, and every time you go out, you know, I feel like if you're wearing one, there's people look at you funny. If you're not wearing one, there's people will look at you funny and it's just, oh, it's just a lot right now, you know, especially
especially when then you add in the political climate right now and just, yeah, I think it's just a heavy time for everybody to, to be alive, you know?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. So I mean my, my approach has just been too, you know, like I said, take it day by day and that's what I tell them and you know, my oldest is, she's making good grades and so,
um, you know, I try to just be a little more, you know what the word is not leaning, but just understanding that, you know, if she makes a bad grade here and there, I mean right now she's doing the best she can too. And so you know, which is, it's interesting. So, but yeah, that's um, I've been doing prolific stuff since I guess february. So right before like all this hit and I got introduced to it because my husband knew about it. He does online surveys and stuff here and just
hit or miss. And he was doing a survey on prolific that required your spouse to participate and also be on prolific. So he just said, hey, would you get on and do this with me? And I was like, sure. And so we did and I forget how much we got paid. But um,
it, you know, being right before the stay at home orders and when, you know, we were inside for months, it seemed like um then I really had nothing else to do. You know we were home all day and so I would just keep my computer on and if a survey popped up I would do it and it's actually been really nice. Um extra income over the last couple of months. Um So I've gotten to the point where I can enjoy it so.
did you find out about it?
Yeah it sounds crazy but. Oh yes and they actually
this particular um one where you talk to someone um at first they would only let you do it I think four times. And so I maxed out and then they re opened it and now you think you can do it like six or seven times. So um you know it pays pretty well for the amount of time you put into it. So if you watch they'll keep sending you more links to be able to do it again. Um You know if
it's if it's something that you know you don't mind if I don't scare you away too much
different.
Oh you're
too
it's interesting. I always I'm always curious like because they record these you know like when they're watching what what are they saying about me and like you know, I wish I could like see the results of whatever they're studying three.
there have been quite a few surveys that I've done um where I've thought I really wish I could see the results like of their study. Um And every now and then you'll find one that they'll say, you know, if you're interested in finding out, you know our study after it's published and you know, put into your email. Um I feel like there's not whole lot of those because I guess because your personal emails, you know, a personal bit of information and they try from what I found to keep it very um anonymous, you know, like what they give, what bit of your information they give. Um So, um but yeah.
So
Oh, yes, yes. And this is like, oh, I could go on all day about girls. Um so yours
as natural. Yeah.
Yeah,
and this, this is just I took a shower and it's just air dried. I haven't even tried to do anything with it. Um But yeah,
it's
thank you. Um you probably feel the same. I've tried every product I can find to, you know, to like
tame it. Oh because someday it is just like
but
Yeah.
Uh huh. Just like regular alot or is that a brand called Olivera?
That
so it's kind of like a hair serum you're using, it kind of like as like a
serum? Yeah.
Okay, I have to try that. I have never, I've tried coconut oil. Um
it's
just
yeah, it was real heavy and um so I have to try that, I've never thought of that or heard of it, so.
heck yeah, because most of the stuff for curse, especially for curls is really expensive.
Yeah. And you are,
are you on social
media
at all? Because they, they
know somehow that I have curls, so they like market all these products me
on facebook, like they all sound amazing, but they cost you know
$40 for shampoo, conditioner. Uh
What?
Have
you
ever tried,
have you ever tried um the curly girl method? Have you read that about that at all? Yeah.
me too.
It is,
Did you
I'm not that patient.
Well, and I, you know, they tell you and they're like, it's
going to be a process, you gotta wait, you know, for six weeks and then you'll see the results and God, like I think I tried, maybe two weeks was my longest time and I'm just like, I can't do this. It's bad.
it
my
hangar my. Yes, it's like fluffy and when it's fluffy it's bigger and it um yeah, like frizzy, the girls aren't really defined, they're kind of just, I don't know, my hair need, it likes product a lot.
I'll definitely I'm definitely gonna try that. Do you
use
any other products like after the shower?
Yeah I think it looks great I mean it's not it's not like poufy and
it
does
and
um that's an interesting question. Um They both had curls until they will, the oldest one had curls probably until she was about three and then it just slowly started you know being less and less curly but she also insists on brushing it and I tried to tell her not brush curls so you know I just got to the point and now she's straight iron flat irons it. So the little one who's four, she still has some curls I'm hoping they're gonna stay. Um But they've already relaxed a little you know she was little so I don't know I always wanted a little curly hair girl you know. Oh do your kids have the girls?
No.
mm.
Well I think
we've we've had our
25. Yeah.
he's not so bad.
Thanks you too was so great chatting with you.