Yeah. Mhm. Hi.
Right,
I'm sorry, everything adjusted. Okay.
Uh huh.
yeah.
Okay, awesome.
High mhm.
I'm good, how are you?
that's good, my name's ken, what's your name? Yes. K. A. Y. Hi roger,
nice to meet you. So what is it storming where you are? Mhm,
mm. Do you wish it was storming you?
Oh my goodness, that's just
really, what happened up there?
But
it
wouldn't rain?
that's terrible. I can't imagine now we have the storm like the backlash from what happened down in florida. Um So where they were having a bunch of storms like the tropical storms now we're like it's um it's like on the outskirts like it's passing through um I live in New Jersey, so it's actually yeah it's coming over here because I went to um when did I go? I think three years ago, maybe two years ago I went up to um we did a road trip to the Grand Canyon, so I saw Arizona, it was very hot. Yes. Do you like that though like is that your ideal a circumstance?
Because it's too hot. Mhm.
Yeah it's like is it still always hot? It's just like a cooler version.
Thank
you,
it feels
a lot colder than like
um up here we have so many different whether like different um temperatures, it's like it's never always hot, are always cold. It's never that it's always like it can be winter and it'll feel like spring one day and then it will be the coldest day ever the next day. It's crazy. It's
so
Mhm. Yeah I went to new york last, well we go every summer every christmas so we can see the tree and
uh so like we go we go to new york in the um in the summer to see the no in the winter to see the tree and then the summer we go on a road trip to like different places. So that's how in the summer we went to Arizona and then no, no that was in october, we went to Arizona and then in december we went to the tree, but last year the tree was extremely like it was so warm for christmas, right, brought gloves, hats, scarves, everything because like also hold um and normally like we're freezing shivering and last year it was like I could wear a hoodie, it was crazy. I climate change.
No
yeah, I'm from pennsylvania,
so we have with the pocos and stuff and it gets really cold up there. So
well my mom, okay, so philadelphia, I used to live in philadelphia and it's not the best everywhere, most of like it's not a great um economy I guess like um
there's no sense of like neighborhood or uh it's just like we moved for safety reasons and like a better school district, more grass, you know like it's like just more room to play and now we have like a bigger house, you know? And it's like a sense of neighborhood like neighborly like you wave it's not weird to waver, you're not afraid of all the time, it's like that type of thing, like we wanted to move um you know for more real estate and stuff but it comes with a price, you know, it's expensive but that's, my parents were like I wasn't happy with it because I was younger but now I appreciate it so and it's good, it's it's a good thing.
Oh my gosh,
that's really hard,
dang, I would be scared though, but I'm happy that she decided to do that. Like Carrie is something that wasn't real,
that's scary. Like I would be shaking up
Where I'm in college. I'm 19. Yeah,
I actually, it's just weird right now with like, you know, the virus and everything, so college is kind of like online but yeah,
so. Mhm.
Not
yet
in um September, like I think it's September 2nd September four, something like that. It's earlier than the previous years. Not only it's like the 6th, but this year it's like the second whatever the first like Monday or Tuesday is.
Yeah, like um some classes are open, I'm not sure why he but they are I just opted for the online and it's just it's weird because I have no days right now like they I have all my classes, I'm currently paying for my classes, but um on my schedule normally it's like Tuesdays and Thursdays, I know what I'm doing on Tuesdays and Thursdays and I have times, I don't have days, I don't have times, I don't have books, I don't have anything that I'm supposed to have around this time and just like I'm not for it's a very different way of adapting right now.
Yeah. Yeah. Summer, even though we got off for spring break, like um I haven't been back to school since March because of the virus that everything shut down and just it's still for some reason feels like summer was sure, I don't know why
no
days are like mushing together. Mhm.
What did you have to change? Like what did you have to adapt to like um in Arizona, I'm not sure what it's like up there right now.
Oh my gosh.
I have
got
all
his friends.
That's uh that's great
that you guys are keeping up. I feel like in the beginning me and my friends were like keeping up and like face timing or like I'm zooming or skyping but now we barely talk. We barely um we barely say, I don't know why. I think it's like it feels like we have more time than we do, you know? Like physically have less time than we do. And it's like we know that we're our home but we don't know what we're doing. It's just time is taking us away. You know? Like not I have been seen them since christmas because we were all at college. So by the time we came back it was going to be summer. So we were going to be able to hang out with in the virus so I couldn't see them. So
yeah, we're friends in high school. Yeah.
Well,
goodness. Yeah, I haven't made any other friends honestly. Like it's just a different way of living. Like college isn't the same anymore. It's not like, oh, there's these clubs, like my school didn't really have clubs, so I'm like, yeah, they were shut down because they were doing work on the buildings.
it's like that's who you've known for four years. Whereas college,
like um or sometimes longer, like from middle school and elementary school, it's like with college, you're in this class for one hour and then you go home, you know, it's like, I'm not an on campus school, like I I go to community college, so it's like we're not in dorms, are like in the dining hall, it's like everyone is doing their own thing. The woman over there as a child, this person is married, this person just came out of college. I'm out of high school. It's like everyone's in different points in their life.
Shit.
It's
would you say?
Get out
of here, go to work, whatever you have to do.
Yeah, they just came home. I have to tell them what I'm doing for like a study once I get in here. But
well,
I'm doing a study. They no, that's the oven. But Okay, I'm ready. I'm sorry.
Yeah. So, what, What different schools, what different schools did you have to go to? Like, did you go to school in Paris one hour? Did you go in Minnesota?
Yeah. That's awesome. What, what
did you choose, What did you get to school for versus what you want for um um First is what you chose to do as a profession, hey?
Yeah, that's cool.
Oh, I've never even thought up outside,
Well,
that's really cool. But I've never even like um now there's so many machines and stuff, you know that we don't even think about the people that were making stuff before, you know, and the stuff was higher quality when people were doing it by hand too.
Of what?
No,
I haven't.
So.
Yeah. I wrote a paper on that same thing. I'm like um yeah, actually in my college tracks of last semester, I had to write a, it was my final research paper topic. Um And I chose to um 1
2nd. I'm sorry. I chose to um
I had to go to a data basis and look information on like the things that supported that same exact claim. Because I'm like, okay, well I know that there's a lot of research that is saying that what to call that robots are supporting us and they are they're doing great, but at the same time they're taking away something that's like so important which is working in jobs and different things that we're using like even a route, a lot of um walmart and how even there like it was like, oh I'll just get a job at walmart now, you can't really say that because I don't know if it's like this where you are, but our entire walmart, there's only like I've only seen one um one scanner, like one person that will will be at the little check out thing. Everything else is machines, like you scan it yourself now,
everything else and except for that and the customer service, they have maybe two or three people back there.
Before
I've never met at school,
wow. Yeah, I've seen like, do you have with this robot thing? It's white and it has like an arm like this and it goes through the shelves and it scans all the inventory.
I've seen them in my walmart. It was before like your coverage on it. How did you ask an employee? I was like, what is that? It was making a sense and it's scanning all of the inventory. I'm like people can't even do that and they have a pizza shop. It's called little caesars. You guys have that. Yeah,
they have like the thing where you can order it on your phone and then scan it without even talking to a person. It's um Uh huh.
The pizza thing that you're talking about like that they have at walmart that orange box. Yeah.
It's
like
Oh, I definitely went in favor of like, technology should have limits. I feel like there's definitely something that should be like um Yeah, these are advancements. Like I think that um advancements and stuff like um technology for improving humans, like um different ways of operating
in hospitals, not like the people not taking away jobs, but machinery to help um further figure detects what's going on. I think that's important. Rather than Eliminating and um 500 employees at Walmart or eliminating um pizza shops or like all these different things. It's like you're taking away direct jobs instead of adding to something, you know? So I think that's what I wrote about about how like all technology isn't bad. That's not my claim. But I think that there should be limits to what's allowed, like even Alexa, I don't like that. That's like so easy to have something control stuff for you. Yeah.
What?
What
Why?
I agree with that.
I understand if people believe what they believe and sometimes it's easier to this way um Certain opinions of it depends like some people are swayed and other people are like standing their ground but for negative reasons what?
Unheard of it.
Oh I did. My step dad was telling him I heard I heard yes I heard about that I just didn't catch the name.
What?
I hope so too. I hope more people
believe that you know like um I'm really praying that we get him out for good like there should be no question of him being out but there is you know there's always that if you know so.
sure. Yeah there is no words, there's no work. And then he's proved himself that he was not why George, he didn't prove wrong, he proved them wrong. But some of them are still sticking their ground. They don't want to be wrong. Yes. Oh
no.
I suck at using social media. I'm not a techie person.
I'm younger, but I'm not like well adapted. I'm trying to but I have the app but I don't use the app. Like I have a lot of apps that I don't use them. So.
And
I mean
it's just difficult to like find common times or like times where it's available for me to, it just adds another layer that's instead of being fun. So I don't really use them.
You know the plan to get at bands? I don't think that
because you're mad about something doesn't mean it should be illegal. Yeah, but it was so nice talking to you.
Yeah. It's really cool. It's my third one to the last one. What had been my fourth? But the last didn't show up, so it was like, okay, so I I rescheduled. No.
Yeah, thank you. Have a great day,