right. How
do you work this thing?
Yeah me
too. Yeah.
Okay.
What?
how are you today?
Not bad, not bad.
Hey, nice to meet you.
it's solar storm mean I'm in here and we're it's very hot.
You know we're actually missing out. We know our storms in the summer can be scary. We get these powerful winds that come up and sometimes they do things they go open there and then comes straight down and smash.
don't take out a rough or knock a cactus down or something and but it's not as scary as what was up in Chicago a couple of days ago.
They just they had a funny name for the kind of storm but it was straight line winds up to 100 mph so it was like hurricane strength.
So
trees
there was rain too. But yeah, enlightening power outage and all the trees falling.
No, but um I came from Minnesota 10 years ago. And up there, it gets to 90s in the summer plus very humid. So I would hide in the summer in the air conditioning and then you get like five months, it feels like five months of winner. So down here I hide for three months in the summer, you know, like people having yard sales, They start to say and they put everything away by 10 or noon.
yep, you just adapt, but then the rest of the year, it's pretty nice.
No, it gets down actually. You get to where especially people have been here awhile or who were born here, they were, you know, slacks uh boots with fuzzy for around them like
hard
And it only gets down into like the 30s overnight for a couple of weeks. But You know, people who are always in the desert, if you're out magnets like 40 or 50, it feels cold, right?
So
nothing.
I've
heard it, yeah. I've heard in new york city some sometimes I watch like the Today Show and they talk about that.
Who?
Kind of cloud when I moved to Arizona, I had some mixed up ideas. I had only been here in the summer. I got rid of my parka, my nice, you know, all my, I got rid of every jacket. I took a ton of stuff to the goodwill. I
got rid of all this heavy clothing, even everything slacks. I just kept shorts and jeans. And then my first winter down here, I'm like, it gets kind of cold and I found out friends like to go other places and in the mountains, it gets really cold and that all of them.
It
Can what you doing out in Jersey?
Whom?
Yeah, I was my mom until she passed, she lived in downtown Detroit. And what was, you know the different neighborhoods have different names, whose was called the cast corridor and it was like 30 years ago, kind of notorious for crime and for just it was run down a lot of bad things happening. And she would uh and I would visit her and spend a couple nights sometimes in in her senior high rise quite a few times. Yeah, and it was like you know, she told there wasn't a lot to worry about, you could leave your car out locked, but um but she had been mugged
just once or twice I forget, but she had already knew knew someone taught her to carry a small purse with a dummy wallet and just put some paper towels and stuff in it. And then she kept her I. D. And her money and her key and a little thingy on a chain.
Yeah. And I was like oh mama you sure you don't want to come up to Minnesota but so many friends in the building and Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I was like wow. I when she first told me of how you know the first time at least I was like what what happened what they get nothing mm
You know, can I ask you look younger than me? Are you like in college or?
Um
Who
uh are you in class yet
for
the fall?
Okay. But the school is adapting.
that's just Yeah, a couple three weeks away, wow.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I think when the virus was started like in March, when we finally locked down in Arizona it felt slow at first, but then after a while I don't know the
sense of time. Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh for me I've I've been um working out of my home office and already but I was doing some volunteering and then getting out to the cafes and seeing friends a couple times a week. So And a lot of my friends, I'm only 56 for a lot of my friends are older or they have either diabetes or something that makes them more at risk. So we're all being have been very careful around Memorial Day. People started going back out. The governor allowed stuff to open and then we got beat the worst state in the country for a while for about two weeks after that
late at home. So I've learned the zoom thing and some perhaps. And And like my coffee group has finally gotten we haven't got one older guy was about 80 to buy a computer is
he
didn't
like
yeah and he he had been against him but he just got it to do the zoom. Mhm.
Thanks.
so friends before college and.
Oh yeah. I remember 19 when I was 19 I was in the army and I didn't see
a lot of my high school friends for a couple of years. Yeah.
You know what when I was in university I I didn't make many. I mean you know I was friendly with people you know you have lab partners different you know and I you know fun and like art class working with people. But it was still my high school friends that I would hang out with. Yes. Yeah. I do understand
what.
Yeah. Yeah. I started out and
night school in just going showing up to different high schools where the university would send a professor out you know for eating and everybody. Yeah. I don't know if I knew a single person's name and like four different classes I took that way as you
money. Yeah.
Yeah. You just wanna get home, do your homework
you know?
wow. So you're are you living with your parents still?
Well that's that's tonight. I'm glad you're not to deal
with the dorm.
Oh no no that's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Got to keep the parents in order. Mhm.
went in Minnesota. But you know I went in the army the day after I turned 18 they took me and I didn't Yeah I didn't have going to school until I was about 30. And then I went to the Minneapolis Community College for almost two years and I was like, oh instead of getting an associates, which I was close to, I transferred because I could over to the University of Minnesota and then went to the for the bachelors. And it was like um so I was a little older students, so I never had the dorm experience. But but those are like some of, even though none of my classes really matched with what I've done for a living, I love all this stuff I learned and we've got a lot of good memories.
What?
Oh well I went for biochemistry but I only worked in one laboratory and that was just like as a processing tech kind like a $12 an hour job.
And um and then I ended up working in a in a clean room worth microscopes and little tiny instruments and soldering irons and putting together implantable pacemakers and defibrillators.
Yeah that was that was the funnest job of my life. That was the last one I did before. I well I'm partially disabled but also run a small business and before working full time I loved it. It's like you know you get in there and it's very intense and you're busy and you and if you finish your job you find someone else to help you cross train. You learn to do lots of different steps and it
just becomes really uh you know it goes by very fast.
machines are taking over a lot of that old work. Yeah that I used to do um And and it's good but have you heard of Venture Yang?
We have Andrew yang.
He was
chinese american while american from chinese background. He was a presidential candidate back before biden. Got picked
it. And he brought to light this thing called universal basic income where everybody gets a certain amount of money every month just for being alive. And he wanted to see a world where and he eating his warning that all these jobs are going to be gone due to automation to self driving trucks. Yeah and amazon would take away a lot of the retail jobs and he said there just aren't going to be jobs and it's time for people to be able to reach their dreams and to get healthcare covered and not have to worry about how you're going to get food in a roof over your head.
What?
Yeah. Mhm.
Once.
Yeah. Mine even has if I if I order not groceries, if I order some solid goods and then I have to go in the store to pick them up. We have a big orange machine, it's like a great big box. It's enormous and you scan your paper or wave your app out it and it gets your order and a door opens up and up to £40 it's just sitting
there on the shelf
forget it ready. But it's still it's you
I've only seen them on the tv but I'm aware.
Yeah we do.
we knew one. I was surprised when I first went in and they were busy if no one was coming to the counter for me and then I look up and I'm like oh
no I was shocked.
So
what what did you come to a conclusion of when you were doing your paper?
From
You know I was that was kind of my first take when I heard about the retail apocalypse and the change to automation and ai is even taking away the customer service jobs where people just call to complain or whatever. Yeah. But now I've come around like to having this attitude that people should be free. Like if they want, You know to give us something like $2,000 a month, go find your own shelter. And then if you get a job and you make more money fine. But if you want to just go out and clean up your neighborhood, if you want to take care of Children, whatever you do whatever you want and you'll have enough money to live at least I'm like the machines, I'm just like hoping I live long enough to see
certain precedents go away and for us to uh not have people judge a person on what they do for a living, it's like like I've a Minnesota that was a big thing. Some friends refused to take unemployment insurance when their union jobs would slow down in the winter because
they were like no I'm not taking that free money. Um I work hard, my value is in my work and I'd be like
and I'd be like but you're you have worthiness whether you work or not, I mean
it was hard for me to argue with my old white friends sometimes, but.
yesterday I was in a zoom meeting and someone mentioned camel a Harris, did you hear about her? I suppose by now
she's uh senator Harris from California is now the vice presidential candidate with joe biden.
Okay. Yeah, I was like,
I wasn't sure if he would go for her because in the debate she um she had a lot of anger and she had been talked to joe biden about when she was a kid and she had been bust, you know, back when desegregation she's starting and she was laying into him, she was just shouting and going over her time, and I was like, wow, she is, you know, very mad. She had this, but I'm like, I hope she can kick mr trump's, but
There.
yeah, yeah. I woke up to just shocked when he won. I was like, I thought he would win Arizona because the states a little weird, a little more Republican, it's getting purple, but but when he won the nation, it's like, you don't know what to say.
your, that you
do. I don't have any friends who are like younger than like 35. Are you like on the Tiktok or any of the newer platforms?
No more
Hi guys. So
it's like why you don't see your friends so much. They're
all
yeah, I hear. Yeah. No, I was curious. I heard trump was really mad at young people who have been like teasing him on Tiktok and
no.
Yes. You too. This has been a very, this is my third conversation this week. It's a very interesting research.
Well, good life to you and hope things go well, that's all
you too.