SPEAKER_L: I don't think there's nothing. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Call Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm. Okay. Yeah. So um yeah. Oh. Mhm. Okay mm. Thank you. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: But I
SPEAKER_R: Hi how are you? Right
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: so have you done one of these
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: studies before?
SPEAKER_L: are, nope.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: my fourth now so
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, No one ever joins
SPEAKER_R: third
SPEAKER_L: my,
SPEAKER_R: in the past. You're my third in the past week and then the other one is about three weeks ago. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Uh this is my third time. 3rd time's a charm. Fuck you carl
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty cool. I mean I had one that didn't I had one that didn't there was a no show but then I've had you're the fourth I've actually talked to so yeah it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: So what do I expect?
SPEAKER_R: Right? Uh huh. I you know you literally just talk about anything I mean Uh huh. I guess I guess they're just trying to study like how people, how strangers Connect, how strangers talk you know when you talk to somebody for the first time or whatever. But they haven't they don't give you any guidelines on what to talk about. So you literally just talk about anything for 25 minutes. So it's like okay And you know the whole thing takes less than an hour and for 14 bucks I'm like, it's worth it. So
SPEAKER_L: Also
SPEAKER_R: so where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: uh just outside Washington D. C.
SPEAKER_R: I'm originally from texas, but I'm living in the Idaho at the moment, so
SPEAKER_L: Whoa, what
SPEAKER_R: lived
SPEAKER_L: were you
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: doing? Holiday? Ho
SPEAKER_R: well I lived in the UK for a couple of years and then um I came back and I'm kind of just here until I get back on my feet, so um
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: mom,
SPEAKER_L: you're doing
SPEAKER_R: my mom
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: and step my mom and step dad live here, so I'm just kind of staying with them and temporarily until I get sorted out and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Well I live with my dad but I've got I've got a pretty intense job so I'm I'm like whoa, as long as like there's this covid thing and I'm home, I'll save up a bunch
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of money.
SPEAKER_R: what I'm trying to, I'm trying to find remote work because I don't drive anyway, I'm visually impaired, so I can't I can't drive, so remote work is ideal for me actually to, so that's that's actually what I'm trying to look for.
SPEAKER_L: Also, yeah, my my brother is visually impaired and he's not working but because he's a student um and uh but he has been able to ride his bike. Um So the D. C. Area is very bike friendly so that that helps
SPEAKER_R: I had more vision when I was younger. um Now I don't really ride a bike anymore because my vision is kind of gone downhill so but I did all the time when I was younger, I did so I kind of miss it actually.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you doing in the UK
SPEAKER_R: Um I got married
SPEAKER_L: superior
SPEAKER_R: over there
SPEAKER_L: people? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my husband and I were actually really good friends for a long time and we were actually we've actually separated now um but we're still really good friends, we just decided the marriage thing isn't gonna work for us, but But you know we've been friends for 16 years so we're not we're not going to throw the friendship out the window. It's kind of funny though because people are so confused, they're like they're confused as to how we can still be such close friends and it's like well nobody really did anything wrong, we just kind of decided mutually that it wasn't gonna work for us. You know and it was it was completely amicable and it wasn't you know there was no like cheating or something like that and so it's like well why not? You know why throw away a 16 year friendship? So but it's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: just kind of it's kind of funny how many people are so confused, how we can even still be talking to each other.
SPEAKER_L: but that I wish that were the case for everyone.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah I know. I mean I would ideally you know maintain friendships with everyone that I've dated if I could you know because the way I see it the friendship is more important but you know didn't always see that way but I've got several excess that I'm friends with. So
SPEAKER_L: Let me when when I break things off, I break things off everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: I think it depends on, it depends on a bunch of things to me. I think it depends on the nature of the breakup. You know what what happened leading up to it? Um, you know, what kind of a friendship you had before? Like, you know, if it's because I've noticed a lot of times, if somebody just, if people just jump into a relationship too quickly, they don't really have the time to develop a friendship with somebody first. And so then if if the relationship falls apart, they don't, they don't have anything to fall back on. And so I think it's important to build a friendship, you know, before and uh, and then go from there. And so,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know, I think, I think that having a foundation of a strong friendship is a big, you know, big help. But then again, you know, that doesn't help if somebody actually does something, you know, really bad. Like if it's a case of domestic violence or cheating or something like that, then, you know, having a friendship as the foundation doesn't make a difference because at that point they're doing something unforgivable. So. But in general, I like to try and be as amicable as I can. So, but you know, it doesn't happen all the time. And yeah, I mean, I guess the fact that people are so confused is, you know, it's it's understandable in this respect of, you know, that doesn't happen very often, but at the same time I think it should happen more. You know, people should be able to maintain friendships more, but they don't and you know, but I mean I get, I get obviously not everyone can and like I said, circumstances and different things like that, there's all sorts of different, but it's just, it's just funny to me how many people are so confused that we are still close friends,
SPEAKER_L: Again,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I wish that were I wish that were the case for for more. Um And even for just like like high school, so we have my I have my tenure high school reunion this year, whatever that means. Because everything with quilt. So it was just like all right, you can pop in if you want. But they didn't have any activities or anything. But but like even friendship, I didn't I didn't really like high school at all. Uh
SPEAKER_R: And I didn't either
SPEAKER_L: I just I hated actually if there's one word I would use hate um
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: the people were so petty and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There was a very few the very few friends that I have from that time I have like on facebook and things like that and I communicate that way and it's like okay, so I don't need to go to reunion to reconnect with people I never talked to,
SPEAKER_L: Right. And and
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: that's why I joined just to be like okay, I'm not gonna be antisocial. Um like I was in high school. But uh yeah, I do keep in touch with my friends from high school. Those few like um I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: actually most of my friends from then are actually from before high school. Um most of my friends are from like middle school and you know, one or two from elementary, but most you know most of from middle school, I didn't really make a lot of new friends in high school. I just kind of carried over my old friends.
SPEAKER_L: I did was it like one of those who kind of graduated, progressed in the same school system?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we were all kind of I mean we we might have been like a year or two in forever behind each other. You know, there might have been a little bit of, some of us were the same grade so much were one or two up or down, but um you know because I made I made a lot of these friends when I was in middle school which was 6th, 7th and 8th grade. And so you know like even if I was in eighth and they were in some some of them were in like seventh, you know we were still pretty close to each other so you know, even even during the times when we weren't at the same school, so you know obviously I advanced before they did since I was a year ahead, but we would still get together you know on the weekends and things like that. I had one really good friend that was at my house almost every weekend. She was almost like a second, she was almost like a sister, you know, I never had a sister, so she was kind of like a sister because she
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: at my house all the time. Do I think she drove my mom
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: a little crazy, but we had fun,
SPEAKER_L: Oh like what what stuff did you do like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we stay
SPEAKER_L: Horse
SPEAKER_R: up all night
SPEAKER_L: to death.
SPEAKER_R: and we was, you know, I grew up in the nineties so you know, we had like, you know, this is like the time of boy bands of the boy bands, you know like the Backstreet boys enhancing and 98 degrees and sink and all that stuff and uh we both both of us had crushes on the two of the Hanson brothers,
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: would help.
SPEAKER_R: hers was on Isaac and miners on taylor. So you know, at least we weren't we weren't arguing over which one was who's but you know, we would stay up and like, you know, imagine what would happen if we had met them and stuff and and that they liked us to and it was just you know, crazy silly teenage girl things, you know teenage
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: fantasies.
SPEAKER_L: mm. So, uh but I also was the 90s kid and we so my my childhood friends, she didn't even go to the same school system. Both my parents were friends. And um but she and her friends from school uh invited me to join their girlfriend group and we were the Spice Girls.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: So the thing, I was very body conscious and like they said that I wanted to dress up like them and I was just like,
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay, just a t shirt and nothing like fancy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: Even
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: wanted me to do makeup. And I was like, all right,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you can do the makeup because I'm such a tomboy, like doing all that stuff. It was not my thing, but I was all for like the dancing around locking the song because I would do that all the time for like Disney stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm not a tomboy but I'm not a girly girl either, I'm not into makeup and stuff like that either. I'm like all for the natural look, you know like Yeah but so I'm kind of in between but yeah that's I mean I was actually born in the 80s and in 84 but you know I grew up most obviously you know it turned six and 90 so I you know consider myself mostly nineties because I don't really remember the eighties so
SPEAKER_L: So was um titanic a big thing for you. I remember in sixth grade, titanic was like a huge thing.
SPEAKER_R: gosh I have a funny story with that because so I told you I'm visually impaired um and I am I'm legally blind now, but when I was growing up I wasn't legally blind, but I was what you call borderline legally blind. So I was not quite there, but close and I did summer programs. So I went to school normally, but I did summer programs at the school for the blind. So they teach you independent living skills and things, you know how to do things around the house and blah blah without sight or with limited sight. And so while I was there, one of the programs that I did um in 2000 was a work program where um you
SPEAKER_L: More.
SPEAKER_R: get paid to basically participate in. Um They had some couple of different things you could do in this case. We actually did like a video, we had to write the script and you know, act and direct and blah blah blah and we all of us pretty much had every role. Um So I play what we did is we did like a little parody of The Net, well it was a parody of a bunch of things, so the title was a parody of The nutty Professor, the nutty Professor. It was called The nutty Professional and it was about a it was about a psychologist or psychiatrist or whatever who couldn't help any of his patients and a lot of cases he actually made it worse. Um and so there were a whole bunch of different scenes in it, but mine was I was a pregnant teenager and I'm dressed in this like old fashioned, the like titanic he looking dress because the thing is so I'm a pregnant teenager and I give birth and it's a doll with a with a knife in his hand. It's we actually got one of those plastic knives, and it's like the doll from Child's Play. And and then, and then of course I'm depressed and miserable and, you know, I can't believe this has happened to me, whatever. So we use the swimming pool to do a scene of I basically, in this dress, I did an intentional, almost belly flop. It looked like a belly flop
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: on the video, but I turned just slightly to the side, so it wasn't a full belly flop and did this into the, to the, into the water. And of course, of course, after that, I had to swim back to the side and trying to swim in a dress. It's not an easy to ask because it keeps trying to float to the top. The funny thing with that is though, so that's what we did there. And so that's, that was supposed to be kind of almost like a titanic thing, like when they fell in the, in the ocean. But the funny thing about that is one of the other guys that was doing the video, not for the video, but just for fun after I did my little belly flop thing, he jumps in the pool fully closed and then he's completely soaking wet and he goes back to his dorm and finds out he, he didn't think about this until after he wouldn't have any clean clothes change into still. He had to be laundry right away. It was hilarious. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and this was on camera?
SPEAKER_R: Um that was in the bloopers, it was, it wasn't in the main video, but it was in the bloopers.
SPEAKER_L: so I did um it kind of that not so it was um a summer camp for uh and some people in my grade and it was for some people in my younger sister's grade who's two years younger than me. And I think we were like in third grade and fifth grade, and the camp was just a week long and we ended up And this is for again 3rd and 5th grade. But we did it on monty python and the Holy Grail. I was Patsy, I was the one with the coconuts. So
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: almost like the entire tire show. Um,
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: and then my younger sister had two rolls. One was um at the very beginning when uh I take it, you've seen the movie
SPEAKER_R: um not in a long time, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: Long,
SPEAKER_L: you'll remember pretty fast like so uh King King Arthur is writing down this hill at the very beginning, um quote writing and there's all these, there's like three people that are digging in the mud for, I don't know what and then he's King. Arthur is trying to say, I'm I'm King Arthur, I'm your new king and I need to, you know, basically tell the plot of the movie. And uh my sister Olivia. Her role was just basically like spurting off every single line that was said in in that very beginning for the King of the ho who did you for you? I didn't you know that type of stuff. But anyway, we had all these like hobo we type of costumes that we had to wear for the end to everyone did except for the nights and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: and the king. And anyway, so that was, that was, we got basically everything on camera, but we did not do bloopers and I think that would have just been amazing.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that would have been hilarious. I forgot, I actually forgot there was another role I had a small role in in mind I also played and you couldn't really see me because I was covered by a sheet, I played a ghost because there was a there was a parody of the six cents in there too. There was a guy that, you know, he he goes um he goes into this the shrink's office and he goes, you know, he's telling him his problem, he's like I see dead people and the shrink doesn't believe him and he's like, oh no, look behind you and me and two other people are dressed up as ghosts and the running screaming out of his office. So that was, you could not really even till it was me since I was like covering up, but it was me april I want I want a copy. I lost my copy of that video. And it's really annoying
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: I want to show it to my son because, you know, he's nine, he'll, he'll think it's hilarious and um, you know, I mean, I know a couple of the people that were in it, you know, um but none of them seem to have a copy of it. And um I had tried to get ahold of, of the place where we did it at to see if they had in their archives the last time I talked to them, they were actually moving their archives. So they weren't really looking through it and because they were moving into another location, so I need to get a hold of them again and see if they have to have it in their archives. If they don't, then it's lost. But it was on a VHS and I wanted to digitize it
SPEAKER_L: see that's the thing is um so we have a whole
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: bunch of VHS player or cassette, what do they even call VHS
SPEAKER_R: It's right tapes, absolute technology. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: uh so anyway, so basically we ended up just buying a VCR player or yeah, that's what it's called, writes a VCR
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am and just to play these old uh movies that we had, you know like those little
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: cameras
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: and whatnot. Um I don't know what's so yeah, I'm glad there's those things that you can convert it to DVD but I wonder
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: will not.
SPEAKER_R: I've got to get a hold of it at first, but I think it would be so funny to convert it to DVD and have it like, just have a permanent copy of it. I'd probably back it up in like three or four or five places. So I don't don't take a chance of losing it again if I ever got it because it's so funny and it's one of those things just like, you know, and it's funny because at the time you don't think it's that important, But then, you know, 20 years later you're thinking, oh man, I wish I would have kept that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: I kept all of my, so I've got four siblings and I kept all of my and my siblings um you know, we had to do like journals and stuff in second grade and you can barely write and you adopt picture. Um And so I kept all of them from second grade through fourth grade, there are actually under my bed and it is hilarious. So for my sister's recent birthday, one of the things I did was I pulled that one of her journals. Um And so that was the year my brother, my youngest brother was born and my so my sister I've been referring to um My middle one she is the middle child of five. Um And uh did not like having siblings. She wanted all the attention. But anyway so when this uh
SPEAKER_R: Middle
SPEAKER_L: my ex.
SPEAKER_R: child syndrome,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yes so
SPEAKER_R: that's like
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: how my
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: friend,
SPEAKER_L: tomorrow.
SPEAKER_R: my friend was the middle of three and she had the middle child syndrome. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh it is true.
SPEAKER_R: anyway, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: had it bad and uh still is quite like why not just share you know thanksgiving it's all be for me, you know just total nonsense. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: But one of the things I presented during her birthday party which was all held by zoom, it was pretty pathetic.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Um And also my my older
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: sister got got married two weekends ago via Zaloom. Yeah she wanted to hold it before
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: the election but after Halloween and it was just like the perfect time to do it on a I think it was a sunday. Um yeah the November one and
SPEAKER_R: it's just ridiculous viruses throwing a monkey wrench into everything, Everybody
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: wanted
SPEAKER_R: everything
SPEAKER_L: to get married
SPEAKER_R: to help.
SPEAKER_L: for a while now. Um But oh my gosh to get married in the U. K wow that'd be mhm
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Wonderful
SPEAKER_R: it was kind of it was it wasn't what we wanted like anyway because uh we ended up having to because I had to get a visa to get over there and stuff like that, we had a like a timeline so we
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: had to do it within a certain amount of time and we didn't really have a lot of time to plan and you know and like the few friends that like only one person showed up, like my mom obviously like my mom came she came over from from here to visit, and then one of my, one of my friends, my friend Aftab showed up, and my friend leon was supposed to show up and and it wasn't his fault, he didn't show up, he actually had um an appointment that it ran over and he couldn't get there, but nobody else showed up, even even if they said they were going to, like, nobody was there, and so it was kind of, you know, it was kind of disappointing to both of us because it's like, okay, well, you know, I mean obviously, you know, there's the meaning for yourself, but also the thing is, you know, if you I want to get married, like you and the person you want to marry, it's it's you can kind of have that mentality already without, you know, before the ceremony even happens.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: And it's it's almost like the ceremony is,
SPEAKER_L: for them?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's more for sharing with the people you care about. And so it's disappointing for us because we didn't have anybody to share it with.
SPEAKER_L: boomer.
SPEAKER_R: This is like, well, we knew, you know, we we knew how, how we felt at the time, so it wasn't about us, it was about, you know, sharing with with
SPEAKER_L: Celebration.
SPEAKER_R: people who care about Uh huh. You know what a bummer. And like I said, it didn't help that we couldn't really planned it out properly because the visa stuff, we had to do it within a certain time limit, which, you know, if I ever will, I will never subject myself to those kind of restraints again. It's never going to happen.
SPEAKER_L: How long was the visa for?
SPEAKER_R: Well, so you you go over there, you get the spouses Visa initially, you know, the fiancee, she's initially which gives you six months, but you have to, you you have to get married, you know, pretty early on because you have to be able to like get married and then submit everything and whatnot within that time. And then you have to um because you have to time it like you have to, so You have to go over there and you have to, the way they do it, you have to do like a notice of marriage thing or whatever where basically, so you're informing them that you're going to get married and you have to do that at least 30 days out um and then they put like the information on this like board or whatever and You know, have that there for at least 30 days. And then you can do it and
SPEAKER_L: Good group?
SPEAKER_R: then then of course there's a time to get you the copy of the uh license and everything and then you have to send that to the government and everything else once you get all, in. then even if it's past your six months you're still okay because like I mean you have to get in before the six months, but even if they're still processing it after that you're still okay because they haven't, but then after that you'll get you get to spouses Visa and then then so you have 2.5 years for that. Which I never got the second spouse with Visa because you know we one We didn't stay together and two things are kind of going haywire, you know and I mean because you had you had our relationship you know deciding that you know kind of finding itself not working the best you had the virus thing hitting you had before that you had the Brexit thing yet I mean and and they increased the price of the visa on us like twice since we got the first one. So it got outrageously expensive as well.
SPEAKER_L: come on it's
SPEAKER_R: And because I mean he actually said if I wanted to see in the UK he would have helped me do it because you know I mean he was just he was willing to do that. But the price has just gone up so outrageously high and it's like personally I think they should grandfather you into the price that you that it is at the time
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: you originally
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: do it and then if they increase the price they may be increased the price for new immigrants, not for current existing ones. That would be the ideal way to do it. But that's not the way they do it. So If they had kept the price at what it was we could have afforded to do the 2nd 1 but they didn't, yeah it was a monkey wrench. Yeah it was like 2.5 times what it originally was ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. Yeah if they were like £20 more but I mean that's ridiculous. Do you think that was because of Brexit, Brexit?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well they did it before Brexit was complete so probably not. Um the Brexit stuff probably doesn't help but I think they would have done it either way. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Remember. Uh huh. So do we just talk until how long?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it has to be at least 25 minutes. But I think we've hit let's see 6:31. Yeah we've we've actually hit it so then they said I mean it can be longer they just don't want it to be shorter because they said even if you do like 24 minutes they don't have like an almost thing for their timer so you have to make sure it's at least 25. So they actually encourage you to talk a little bit longer just to make sure you're covered. But yeah, I mean they actually don't give you an upper limit. They just you know pretty much. I mean obviously you're not going to sit there and beyond like forever but you know they don't give you an upper limit so it's kind of up to your discretion I guess beyond the 25 minutes. So
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've I've enjoyed talking with you. It's
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: fun
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: yet.
SPEAKER_L: I so
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: you get four times a week or what is it?
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: get you can get I think they said they used to be the limit with six but they actually just, the thing still says six on the survey but if the the email from Them on prolific actually says seven because they just increased it. Um You have seven basically a maximum of seven per year. So you're my fourth. So I could do it three more times and then after that I have to wait for it to refresh again. Um But I haven't even seen this study before you know a few weeks ago. So um But yeah so I mean I've done it uh The first the first guy I talked to was it was a guy from Hawaii when he was actually the only guy I talked to the other
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the others have been women. Um And then I spoke with a lady um I forget where she was from but she had a very strong accent like sounded caribbean or something but not Jamaica like somewhere else. Um And then I spoke with a lady that Um
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember exactly where she was from but she was originally from Russia. She was born in Russia and moved to the US. when she was 10. But she didn't have a Russian accent. And I won't I won't talk to her again because they said they ask you if you talk to the person before so you might you might end up getting I think they try not to pair you up with the same person but You they can't. Um but she she was under 7th one so so we'll probably won't catch her again. Uh But yeah I mean you can you know if you've got time available. I don't know I know they were originally supposed to be stopping this study for this round of it today but I don't know if they've extended it because they extended the last one. Um So they may have extended it further. So I mean
SPEAKER_L: So the
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: three
SPEAKER_R: have been.
SPEAKER_L: other ones are actually, I should say the two other ones um that they just didn't show up or did no one
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: get?
SPEAKER_R: I thought I So um I only had one no show I had 33 conversations before years and and one no show. Um so I got my dollar 50 for the no show. But yeah I had um I had one on saturday and one on thursday and uh yeah so what you can do if you if they're still going to keep it open you can when you finish the survey it'll show you where you can go to put in, you know the the one where you originally put in your availability. It will basically give you a link to go back to that to put your availability and again and then if they have slots available they can match you up with somebody else. You can do it again. If not then watch the prolific um posting because you know if they do close it for this round they might bring it back up again. So watch for the next let's talk better up study and uh you know I mean they tell you right now, they tell you you have to keep track of how many times you've talked yourself, but they're they're working on a system to um two uh tell you, you know because I guess they keep track of it on their side but you have to keep track of it yourself because they don't show you what
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: they're working
SPEAKER_L: number?
SPEAKER_R: on that. But yeah, since this is your first, you know first one um you know you you got another six more before you're cut off for the for the year for like you know? And I'm guessing I'm guessing they don't do it every calendar year, I'm guessing it I don't know if it's calendar year or not, they say seven per year. Um So I don't know if that's you have to wait a whole year's time before you did again or if it is calendar year because if it's calendar year, then 21, sneaking up and it will all be reset. So I don't know. You know, maybe I should uh send them a message on prolific and ask them if it's calendar year or if it's Like 365 days from your 7th 1 or something. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: let me say it.
SPEAKER_R: So, but
SPEAKER_L: Well this was burn. Thank you so much,
SPEAKER_R: it's been a lot of fun, you know, and you know, one of the questions is going to ask you how much you laughed and I have to say I laughed more in this the conversation that I did in any of the others, the others are interesting, but they weren't as funny. So.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Well excellent. It
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: was great talking to you best wishes
SPEAKER_R: it's great talking
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: to you too.
SPEAKER_L: on everything and continue to stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too, definitely. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.