I don't think there's nothing. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Call Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm. Okay. Yeah. So um yeah. Oh. Mhm. Okay mm. Thank you. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
But I
Okay
you
are, nope.
Have
you?
Oh my gosh, No one ever joins
my,
wow. Uh this is my third time. 3rd time's a charm. Fuck you carl
So what do I expect?
Also
uh just outside Washington D. C.
Whoa, what
were you
doing? Holiday? Ho
I'm
well
you're doing
him.
Well I live with my dad but I've got I've got a pretty intense job so I'm I'm like whoa, as long as like there's this covid thing and I'm home, I'll save up a bunch
of money.
Also, yeah, my my brother is visually impaired and he's not working but because he's a student um and uh but he has been able to ride his bike. Um So the D. C. Area is very bike friendly so that that helps
So what are you doing in the UK
superior
people? Yeah.
it's
but that I wish that were the case for everyone.
Let me when when I break things off, I break things off everywhere.
What?
Again,
I wish that were I wish that were the case for for more. Um And even for just like like high school, so we have my I have my tenure high school reunion this year, whatever that means. Because everything with quilt. So it was just like all right, you can pop in if you want. But they didn't have any activities or anything. But but like even friendship, I didn't I didn't really like high school at all. Uh
I just I hated actually if there's one word I would use hate um
the people were so petty and uh
Right. And and
that's why I joined just to be like okay, I'm not gonna be antisocial. Um like I was in high school. But uh yeah, I do keep in touch with my friends from high school. Those few like um I
was
I did was it like one of those who kind of graduated, progressed in the same school system?
How
wonderful.
But
Oh like what what stuff did you do like Yeah.
Horse
to death.
That
would help.
I
mm. So, uh but I also was the 90s kid and we so my my childhood friends, she didn't even go to the same school system. Both my parents were friends. And um but she and her friends from school uh invited me to join their girlfriend group and we were the Spice Girls.
So the thing, I was very body conscious and like they said that I wanted to dress up like them and I was just like,
I'm okay, just a t shirt and nothing like fancy.
Even
wanted me to do makeup. And I was like, all right,
you can do the makeup because I'm such a tomboy, like doing all that stuff. It was not my thing, but I was all for like the dancing around locking the song because I would do that all the time for like Disney stuff.
So was um titanic a big thing for you. I remember in sixth grade, titanic was like a huge thing.
More.
Come on.
and this was on camera?
so I did um it kind of that not so it was um a summer camp for uh and some people in my grade and it was for some people in my younger sister's grade who's two years younger than me. And I think we were like in third grade and fifth grade, and the camp was just a week long and we ended up And this is for again 3rd and 5th grade. But we did it on monty python and the Holy Grail. I was Patsy, I was the one with the coconuts. So
I was
almost like the entire tire show. Um,
and then my younger sister had two rolls. One was um at the very beginning when uh I take it, you've seen the movie
well,
you'll remember pretty fast like so uh King King Arthur is writing down this hill at the very beginning, um quote writing and there's all these, there's like three people that are digging in the mud for, I don't know what and then he's King. Arthur is trying to say, I'm I'm King Arthur, I'm your new king and I need to, you know, basically tell the plot of the movie. And uh my sister Olivia. Her role was just basically like spurting off every single line that was said in in that very beginning for the King of the ho who did you for you? I didn't you know that type of stuff. But anyway, we had all these like hobo we type of costumes that we had to wear for the end to everyone did except for the nights and
and the king. And anyway, so that was, that was, we got basically everything on camera, but we did not do bloopers and I think that would have just been amazing.
I don't
know.
see that's the thing is um so we have a whole
bunch of VHS player or cassette, what do they even call VHS
uh so anyway, so basically we ended up just buying a VCR player or yeah, that's what it's called, writes a VCR
I am and just to play these old uh movies that we had, you know like those little
cameras
and whatnot. Um I don't know what's so yeah, I'm glad there's those things that you can convert it to DVD but I wonder
I
will not.
Well
I kept all of my, so I've got four siblings and I kept all of my and my siblings um you know, we had to do like journals and stuff in second grade and you can barely write and you adopt picture. Um And so I kept all of them from second grade through fourth grade, there are actually under my bed and it is hilarious. So for my sister's recent birthday, one of the things I did was I pulled that one of her journals. Um And so that was the year my brother, my youngest brother was born and my so my sister I've been referring to um My middle one she is the middle child of five. Um And uh did not like having siblings. She wanted all the attention. But anyway so when this uh
my ex.
Uh huh. Yes so
it's
probably
tomorrow.
Oh it is true.
had
had it bad and uh still is quite like why not just share you know thanksgiving it's all be for me, you know just total nonsense. Um
But one of the things I presented during her birthday party which was all held by zoom, it was pretty pathetic.
Um And also my my older
sister got got married two weekends ago via Zaloom. Yeah she wanted to hold it before
the election but after Halloween and it was just like the perfect time to do it on a I think it was a sunday. Um yeah the November one and
well
they
wanted
to get married
for a while now. Um But oh my gosh to get married in the U. K wow that'd be mhm
Wonderful
problem.
What
for them?
boomer.
Celebration.
How long was the visa for?
Good group?
come on it's
thank
you.
Oh gosh. Yeah if they were like £20 more but I mean that's ridiculous. Do you think that was because of Brexit, Brexit?
Remember. Uh huh. So do we just talk until how long?
Bye.
This is
great.
I
I so
you get four times a week or what is it?
What
what?
No
So the
three
other ones are actually, I should say the two other ones um that they just didn't show up or did no one
get?
What
number?
let me say it.
Well this was burn. Thank you so much,
wow. Well excellent. It
was great talking to you best wishes
on
on everything and continue to stay safe.
Bye.