Hello?
Hi how are you? Right
so have you done one of these
studies before?
Well
you're
my fourth now so
third
in the past. You're my third in the past week and then the other one is about three weeks ago. So. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty cool. I mean I had one that didn't I had one that didn't there was a no show but then I've had you're the fourth I've actually talked to so yeah it's pretty cool.
Right? Uh huh. I you know you literally just talk about anything I mean Uh huh. I guess I guess they're just trying to study like how people, how strangers Connect, how strangers talk you know when you talk to somebody for the first time or whatever. But they haven't they don't give you any guidelines on what to talk about. So you literally just talk about anything for 25 minutes. So it's like okay And you know the whole thing takes less than an hour and for 14 bucks I'm like, it's worth it. So
so where are you from?
I'm originally from texas, but I'm living in the Idaho at the moment, so
lived
in
well I lived in the UK for a couple of years and then um I came back and I'm kind of just here until I get back on my feet, so um
my
mom,
my mom
and step my mom and step dad live here, so I'm just kind of staying with them and temporarily until I get sorted out and everything.
that's
what I'm trying to, I'm trying to find remote work because I don't drive anyway, I'm visually impaired, so I can't I can't drive, so remote work is ideal for me actually to, so that's that's actually what I'm trying to look for.
I had more vision when I was younger. um Now I don't really ride a bike anymore because my vision is kind of gone downhill so but I did all the time when I was younger, I did so I kind of miss it actually.
Um I got married
over there
my husband and I were actually really good friends for a long time and we were actually we've actually separated now um but we're still really good friends, we just decided the marriage thing isn't gonna work for us, but But you know we've been friends for 16 years so we're not we're not going to throw the friendship out the window. It's kind of funny though because people are so confused, they're like they're confused as to how we can still be such close friends and it's like well nobody really did anything wrong, we just kind of decided mutually that it wasn't gonna work for us. You know and it was it was completely amicable and it wasn't you know there was no like cheating or something like that and so it's like well why not? You know why throw away a 16 year friendship? So but it's
just kind of it's kind of funny how many people are so confused, how we can even still be talking to each other.
Mm. Yeah I know. I mean I would ideally you know maintain friendships with everyone that I've dated if I could you know because the way I see it the friendship is more important but you know didn't always see that way but I've got several excess that I'm friends with. So
I think it depends on, it depends on a bunch of things to me. I think it depends on the nature of the breakup. You know what what happened leading up to it? Um, you know, what kind of a friendship you had before? Like, you know, if it's because I've noticed a lot of times, if somebody just, if people just jump into a relationship too quickly, they don't really have the time to develop a friendship with somebody first. And so then if if the relationship falls apart, they don't, they don't have anything to fall back on. And so I think it's important to build a friendship, you know, before and uh, and then go from there. And so,
you know, I think, I think that having a foundation of a strong friendship is a big, you know, big help. But then again, you know, that doesn't help if somebody actually does something, you know, really bad. Like if it's a case of domestic violence or cheating or something like that, then, you know, having a friendship as the foundation doesn't make a difference because at that point they're doing something unforgivable. So. But in general, I like to try and be as amicable as I can. So, but you know, it doesn't happen all the time. And yeah, I mean, I guess the fact that people are so confused is, you know, it's it's understandable in this respect of, you know, that doesn't happen very often, but at the same time I think it should happen more. You know, people should be able to maintain friendships more, but they don't and you know, but I mean I get, I get obviously not everyone can and like I said, circumstances and different things like that, there's all sorts of different, but it's just, it's just funny to me how many people are so confused that we are still close friends,
but
And I didn't either
like.
Yeah. There was a very few the very few friends that I have from that time I have like on facebook and things like that and I communicate that way and it's like okay, so I don't need to go to reunion to reconnect with people I never talked to,
you know.
And
actually most of my friends from then are actually from before high school. Um most of my friends are from like middle school and you know, one or two from elementary, but most you know most of from middle school, I didn't really make a lot of new friends in high school. I just kind of carried over my old friends.
Yeah, we were all kind of I mean we we might have been like a year or two in forever behind each other. You know, there might have been a little bit of, some of us were the same grade so much were one or two up or down, but um you know because I made I made a lot of these friends when I was in middle school which was 6th, 7th and 8th grade. And so you know like even if I was in eighth and they were in some some of them were in like seventh, you know we were still pretty close to each other so you know, even even during the times when we weren't at the same school, so you know obviously I advanced before they did since I was a year ahead, but we would still get together you know on the weekends and things like that. I had one really good friend that was at my house almost every weekend. She was almost like a second, she was almost like a sister, you know, I never had a sister, so she was kind of like a sister because she
was
at my house all the time. Do I think she drove my mom
a little crazy, but we had fun,
we stay
up all night
and we was, you know, I grew up in the nineties so you know, we had like, you know, this is like the time of boy bands of the boy bands, you know like the Backstreet boys enhancing and 98 degrees and sink and all that stuff and uh we both both of us had crushes on the two of the Hanson brothers,
but
hers was on Isaac and miners on taylor. So you know, at least we weren't we weren't arguing over which one was who's but you know, we would stay up and like, you know, imagine what would happen if we had met them and stuff and and that they liked us to and it was just you know, crazy silly teenage girl things, you know teenage
fantasies.
Oh my gosh.
my gosh.
Oh that's
funny.
But
Yeah, I'm not a tomboy but I'm not a girly girl either, I'm not into makeup and stuff like that either. I'm like all for the natural look, you know like Yeah but so I'm kind of in between but yeah that's I mean I was actually born in the 80s and in 84 but you know I grew up most obviously you know it turned six and 90 so I you know consider myself mostly nineties because I don't really remember the eighties so
gosh I have a funny story with that because so I told you I'm visually impaired um and I am I'm legally blind now, but when I was growing up I wasn't legally blind, but I was what you call borderline legally blind. So I was not quite there, but close and I did summer programs. So I went to school normally, but I did summer programs at the school for the blind. So they teach you independent living skills and things, you know how to do things around the house and blah blah without sight or with limited sight. And so while I was there, one of the programs that I did um in 2000 was a work program where um you
get paid to basically participate in. Um They had some couple of different things you could do in this case. We actually did like a video, we had to write the script and you know, act and direct and blah blah blah and we all of us pretty much had every role. Um So I play what we did is we did like a little parody of The Net, well it was a parody of a bunch of things, so the title was a parody of The nutty Professor, the nutty Professor. It was called The nutty Professional and it was about a it was about a psychologist or psychiatrist or whatever who couldn't help any of his patients and a lot of cases he actually made it worse. Um and so there were a whole bunch of different scenes in it, but mine was I was a pregnant teenager and I'm dressed in this like old fashioned, the like titanic he looking dress because the thing is so I'm a pregnant teenager and I give birth and it's a doll with a with a knife in his hand. It's we actually got one of those plastic knives, and it's like the doll from Child's Play. And and then, and then of course I'm depressed and miserable and, you know, I can't believe this has happened to me, whatever. So we use the swimming pool to do a scene of I basically, in this dress, I did an intentional, almost belly flop. It looked like a belly flop
on the video, but I turned just slightly to the side, so it wasn't a full belly flop and did this into the, to the, into the water. And of course, of course, after that, I had to swim back to the side and trying to swim in a dress. It's not an easy to ask because it keeps trying to float to the top. The funny thing with that is though, so that's what we did there. And so that's, that was supposed to be kind of almost like a titanic thing, like when they fell in the, in the ocean. But the funny thing about that is one of the other guys that was doing the video, not for the video, but just for fun after I did my little belly flop thing, he jumps in the pool fully closed and then he's completely soaking wet and he goes back to his dorm and finds out he, he didn't think about this until after he wouldn't have any clean clothes change into still. He had to be laundry right away. It was hilarious. Yeah.
Um that was in the bloopers, it was, it wasn't in the main video, but it was in the bloopers.
This
is,
hey,
um not in a long time, but yeah.
Long,
it's
Oh that would have been hilarious. I forgot, I actually forgot there was another role I had a small role in in mind I also played and you couldn't really see me because I was covered by a sheet, I played a ghost because there was a there was a parody of the six cents in there too. There was a guy that, you know, he he goes um he goes into this the shrink's office and he goes, you know, he's telling him his problem, he's like I see dead people and the shrink doesn't believe him and he's like, oh no, look behind you and me and two other people are dressed up as ghosts and the running screaming out of his office. So that was, you could not really even till it was me since I was like covering up, but it was me april I want I want a copy. I lost my copy of that video. And it's really annoying
because
I want to show it to my son because, you know, he's nine, he'll, he'll think it's hilarious and um, you know, I mean, I know a couple of the people that were in it, you know, um but none of them seem to have a copy of it. And um I had tried to get ahold of, of the place where we did it at to see if they had in their archives the last time I talked to them, they were actually moving their archives. So they weren't really looking through it and because they were moving into another location, so I need to get a hold of them again and see if they have to have it in their archives. If they don't, then it's lost. But it was on a VHS and I wanted to digitize it
back.
It's right tapes, absolute technology. Yeah. Uh huh.
Oh yeah.
That's
funny.
I
think
I've got to get a hold of it at first, but I think it would be so funny to convert it to DVD and have it like, just have a permanent copy of it. I'd probably back it up in like three or four or five places. So I don't don't take a chance of losing it again if I ever got it because it's so funny and it's one of those things just like, you know, and it's funny because at the time you don't think it's that important, But then, you know, 20 years later you're thinking, oh man, I wish I would have kept that, you know?
Hi,
Middle
child syndrome,
that's like
how my
friend,
my friend was the middle of three and she had the middle child syndrome. So
anyway, go ahead.
Sorry.
Mhm. Yeah
it's
stuff.
It's
it's just ridiculous viruses throwing a monkey wrench into everything, Everybody
is
doing
everything
to help.
well
it was kind of it was it wasn't what we wanted like anyway because uh we ended up having to because I had to get a visa to get over there and stuff like that, we had a like a timeline so we
had to do it within a certain amount of time and we didn't really have a lot of time to plan and you know and like the few friends that like only one person showed up, like my mom obviously like my mom came she came over from from here to visit, and then one of my, one of my friends, my friend Aftab showed up, and my friend leon was supposed to show up and and it wasn't his fault, he didn't show up, he actually had um an appointment that it ran over and he couldn't get there, but nobody else showed up, even even if they said they were going to, like, nobody was there, and so it was kind of, you know, it was kind of disappointing to both of us because it's like, okay, well, you know, I mean obviously, you know, there's the meaning for yourself, but also the thing is, you know, if you I want to get married, like you and the person you want to marry, it's it's you can kind of have that mentality already without, you know, before the ceremony even happens.
And it's it's almost like the ceremony is,
yeah, it's more for sharing with the people you care about. And so it's disappointing for us because we didn't have anybody to share it with.
This is like, well, we knew, you know, we we knew how, how we felt at the time, so it wasn't about us, it was about, you know, sharing with with
people who care about Uh huh. You know what a bummer. And like I said, it didn't help that we couldn't really planned it out properly because the visa stuff, we had to do it within a certain time limit, which, you know, if I ever will, I will never subject myself to those kind of restraints again. It's never going to happen.
Well, so you you go over there, you get the spouses Visa initially, you know, the fiancee, she's initially which gives you six months, but you have to, you you have to get married, you know, pretty early on because you have to be able to like get married and then submit everything and whatnot within that time. And then you have to um because you have to time it like you have to, so You have to go over there and you have to, the way they do it, you have to do like a notice of marriage thing or whatever where basically, so you're informing them that you're going to get married and you have to do that at least 30 days out um and then they put like the information on this like board or whatever and You know, have that there for at least 30 days. And then you can do it and
then then of course there's a time to get you the copy of the uh license and everything and then you have to send that to the government and everything else once you get all, in. then even if it's past your six months you're still okay because like I mean you have to get in before the six months, but even if they're still processing it after that you're still okay because they haven't, but then after that you'll get you get to spouses Visa and then then so you have 2.5 years for that. Which I never got the second spouse with Visa because you know we one We didn't stay together and two things are kind of going haywire, you know and I mean because you had you had our relationship you know deciding that you know kind of finding itself not working the best you had the virus thing hitting you had before that you had the Brexit thing yet I mean and and they increased the price of the visa on us like twice since we got the first one. So it got outrageously expensive as well.
And because I mean he actually said if I wanted to see in the UK he would have helped me do it because you know I mean he was just he was willing to do that. But the price has just gone up so outrageously high and it's like personally I think they should grandfather you into the price that you that it is at the time
you originally
do it and then if they increase the price they may be increased the price for new immigrants, not for current existing ones. That would be the ideal way to do it. But that's not the way they do it. So If they had kept the price at what it was we could have afforded to do the 2nd 1 but they didn't, yeah it was a monkey wrench. Yeah it was like 2.5 times what it originally was ridiculous.
Uh Well they did it before Brexit was complete so probably not. Um the Brexit stuff probably doesn't help but I think they would have done it either way. Uh huh.
Yeah it has to be at least 25 minutes. But I think we've hit let's see 6:31. Yeah we've we've actually hit it so then they said I mean it can be longer they just don't want it to be shorter because they said even if you do like 24 minutes they don't have like an almost thing for their timer so you have to make sure it's at least 25. So they actually encourage you to talk a little bit longer just to make sure you're covered. But yeah, I mean they actually don't give you an upper limit. They just you know pretty much. I mean obviously you're not going to sit there and beyond like forever but you know they don't give you an upper limit so it's kind of up to your discretion I guess beyond the 25 minutes. So
yeah I've I've enjoyed talking with you. It's
been
fun
yet.
No
you
get you can get I think they said they used to be the limit with six but they actually just, the thing still says six on the survey but if the the email from Them on prolific actually says seven because they just increased it. Um You have seven basically a maximum of seven per year. So you're my fourth. So I could do it three more times and then after that I have to wait for it to refresh again. Um But I haven't even seen this study before you know a few weeks ago. So um But yeah so I mean I've done it uh The first the first guy I talked to was it was a guy from Hawaii when he was actually the only guy I talked to the other
the others have been women. Um And then I spoke with a lady um I forget where she was from but she had a very strong accent like sounded caribbean or something but not Jamaica like somewhere else. Um And then I spoke with a lady that Um
I don't remember exactly where she was from but she was originally from Russia. She was born in Russia and moved to the US. when she was 10. But she didn't have a Russian accent. And I won't I won't talk to her again because they said they ask you if you talk to the person before so you might you might end up getting I think they try not to pair you up with the same person but You they can't. Um but she she was under 7th one so so we'll probably won't catch her again. Uh But yeah I mean you can you know if you've got time available. I don't know I know they were originally supposed to be stopping this study for this round of it today but I don't know if they've extended it because they extended the last one. Um So they may have extended it further. So I mean
we
have been.
no
I thought I So um I only had one no show I had 33 conversations before years and and one no show. Um so I got my dollar 50 for the no show. But yeah I had um I had one on saturday and one on thursday and uh yeah so what you can do if you if they're still going to keep it open you can when you finish the survey it'll show you where you can go to put in, you know the the one where you originally put in your availability. It will basically give you a link to go back to that to put your availability and again and then if they have slots available they can match you up with somebody else. You can do it again. If not then watch the prolific um posting because you know if they do close it for this round they might bring it back up again. So watch for the next let's talk better up study and uh you know I mean they tell you right now, they tell you you have to keep track of how many times you've talked yourself, but they're they're working on a system to um two uh tell you, you know because I guess they keep track of it on their side but you have to keep track of it yourself because they don't show you what
they're working
on that. But yeah, since this is your first, you know first one um you know you you got another six more before you're cut off for the for the year for like you know? And I'm guessing I'm guessing they don't do it every calendar year, I'm guessing it I don't know if it's calendar year or not, they say seven per year. Um So I don't know if that's you have to wait a whole year's time before you did again or if it is calendar year because if it's calendar year, then 21, sneaking up and it will all be reset. So I don't know. You know, maybe I should uh send them a message on prolific and ask them if it's calendar year or if it's Like 365 days from your 7th 1 or something. I don't know.
So, but
it's been a lot of fun, you know, and you know, one of the questions is going to ask you how much you laughed and I have to say I laughed more in this the conversation that I did in any of the others, the others are interesting, but they weren't as funny. So.
So
it's great talking
to you too.
Yeah. You too, definitely. Okay.