SPEAKER_L: please?
SPEAKER_R: No. Hey, there we go. It was rejecting Firefox today. Uh huh. What?
SPEAKER_L: actually accidentally clicked next before I clicked on the link, I was like wait no. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: I think have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: just a couple of times.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I did it like a few months ago and my first time I messed up filling out the time or something but I wrote and then they fixed it. It was all good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. Yeah, I did one back in july I think, and that was my very first one. It was it wasn't entirely sure and I was like I've gotten a little more accustomed to it I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's a little different. I I spent my first one wondering if it was like going to be a setup of some sort. I didn't think they explained it. Coralie that they were looking at natural conversations between this.
SPEAKER_L: regular interactions and how people mhm, interact with complete strangers, you know, and how natural it can become too just have conversation flow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'd be so curious to know if they were doing this back before Covid Yeah. Or something similar. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, because with the with the past year being all very different, it's definitely likely that our natural perception of each other and and how we interact with each other has likely changed. I mean I'm not opposed to getting to know people, but I'm more of an introverted person myself. So going in just initiating conversation with random strangers, it's not something I typically do. So I know from personal experience that this past year has definitely changed my openness I guess to be like, hey let's let's talk. You know, just some random person because we all need that that interaction eventually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's um mm
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of feel bad for the people who haven't kind of broken. Like I was really shy when I was 20. You know, it would be hard to break out of the show if you just are sitting at home and you can't go out and even see people in person and you don't, mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I can, it's rough every once in a while to not have that interaction. But I mean, you know, I'm not well off by any means, but like there are still realistically there's still some things I'm probably taking for granted like the fact that we can sit here and have this conversation.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: You know, there's many people out there that don't have internet access that can do that. Or or any of the other conveniences that allow to connect to people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I was I can't remember the numbers now. I went to look up my income and where I sit in the U. S. And it's like I'm a little about 25,000 year so it's like but compared to the rest of the world only I'm like a wealthy person and
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I have less less status now, but my my action i with income, we were when she got her raise, we were hitting the 33 a year bracket which was literally just pushing us into the next tax bracket and like oh great. You know just above enough where you don't qualify for state aid for like medical and just above where you need to pay for it yourself like that was fun. Um And even then I didn't think we were doing great, you know, we were still kind of in essence like paycheck to paycheck, putting some aside here or there no retirement fund, nothing, no savings of really any kind. And yet you look at it and we were we were still well off compared to many other people. And it's it puts things in perspective because when you look at the people that in our country are well off the upper middle class or even the upper class tier of people just like one, what do they do with all that money?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Excuse me one moment mike you is really interested in the voices but then he likes to play with the webcam wire.
SPEAKER_L: I my ex and I had six cats. I know all about how cats and pets like to just be like
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: wait what's going on? Especially when it comes to cats, they're like do something to get into
SPEAKER_R: you have serious
SPEAKER_L: something different.
SPEAKER_R: wow what did you have? Like a litter of kittens or?
SPEAKER_L: Um When I moved in with my ex while back, she already had three cats that were all of the same litter.
SPEAKER_R: No?
SPEAKER_L: Which in and of itself was interesting because they were three very different personalities and three very different breeds and body types. Yeah. When was your your long haired calico? She was very had white and black and brown and she was very she was the stereotypical like scaredy cat, very timid, very like run and hide when a new person shows up kind of thing. Um The other one was very very light frame. Like to look at her. You think she was under fed malnourished? She was sold any like there were times you could see her ribs but she was eating just as much as the rest of them. And she was the the cranky old lady cat, you know? Black, mostly black with some brown specks here are there. And then the other one was that big orange tabby fat Garfield cat. Uh huh. Like they're all siblings from the same litter and yet all different.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then we ended up picking up uh two kittens from a local shelter. We were just going to go get one for, hey Yeah, separating them from family. That young was kind of like uh and we were looking at one of them in particular, but then my daughter at the time she was still only, maybe I want to see like a year old maybe less. She was still little. And we were in the separate room there with the litter, you know, closed off from the rest of the shelter and and looking at them. And uh
SPEAKER_R: That's right.
SPEAKER_L: like they have like the half wall dividing us from glitter. So they couldn't be there and rest and everything, you're not like in their space, they want to see you, they'll come into you. And so we're standing there and one of the kittens ups up on the half wall and then climbs up over my arm and plops right on my daughter's head. Mike, yep. That's our cat. Like immediately. It's like, well, that's, I mean, that's it right there, like, what are you gonna do? You know? And then our final cat was, we took a road trip across the country and on our way back home, we were pretty active geo crashers. And our goal was if we're going to be traveling through these states, let's try to find one in each state. So we took a stop in
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Idaho.
SPEAKER_R: how hard they are Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Some of them are pretty
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: easy, but I don't know. And some of the more rural areas, they can be really hard because they can be anywhere. See how we took a stop for a quick bathroom break just on the side of the road. We're just like, you know what? Let's go for a little quick walk, stretch our legs spent a little while and let's go find one while we're while we're at it and on the walk
SPEAKER_R: Question
SPEAKER_L: and the only one that hears it but a tiny faint meal, it's the faintest, like you guys don't hear that. So we walk over,
SPEAKER_R: family.
SPEAKER_L: try to like find it as we get close enough, then they can hear it too. And we find it. And sure enough, it's literally a kitten probably couldn't have been more than a week old clinging to the base of a tree. So, I mean, the cat was maybe like an intro to a from the ground,
SPEAKER_R: Oh freaky and no mama in sight
SPEAKER_L: no mama in sight, nearest town in either direction was at least 10 miles. Um and so far as we recall, there were no, like more rural houses on the way anywhere, you know, I mean, I've lived decent distance from towns before,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so it's possible someone lived nearby, but the things that crossed their mind was towns are far and this one's little, little
SPEAKER_R: first
SPEAKER_L: little, so mama's likely nearby. If she's not, why, like, did she did this kid and get out or did she leave it? You
SPEAKER_R: bad?
SPEAKER_L: know, Because I mean, human or animal nature is the week, the disease, you know, in the wild, they get left behind.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I wonder. Oh so what a feral
SPEAKER_L: So if if she was,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you know, the runt of the litter or had a birth defect or anything like that, that the mother sensed like she'd abandoned that, I mean, that's animals. Um, so we waited all but got the kitten to us, go to our nearest walmart, got it, its own little dishes, got it. I mean, it's a cat, but we got on a leash, we got it, you know, food, a little litter box. Not so easy when you're still five days travel from home to have a cap in the van, try to be like, how are how are you going to keep the litter box from being an issue in a confined space? Right? We still managed it. And surprisingly enough, the cat took to walking on a leash first. I've ever seen that most cats you put a leash on them and they just kind of like no just flop over and let you drag them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've got all my you know what I did have one kitten I got to raise and I should have tried the least thing but I didn't think of it I tried it on some adult cats I wouldn't have it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think, I think what helped for that one was that it was still so young, you know that most people don't think about it until the cats old and like older and they're already accustomed to being a typical cat, no leash just free to roam.
SPEAKER_R: What about
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: by
SPEAKER_R: car?
SPEAKER_L: the time you try they're just like I'm not having it
SPEAKER_R: Does that count like well they go in the car and be okay now if you go
SPEAKER_L: typically. Um
SPEAKER_R: so with the heat?
SPEAKER_L: and and there's a part of us that after we brought her home, there's a part of us that wondered um how long she'd actually been out on her own because when we got her home again, she was still a kitten, mind you like really young, we found her, but um she had the strongest urge and habit of trash can. So our media thought was if she had been out there long enough she was surrounding for food and typically
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: trash cans because stray animals do that. Um don't know how easy that would have been at her age being when we when we brought her to the vet, they estimated that she was probably around, I mean it took a couple weeks to get her in, but she was probably around two months old when we brought her in and wait for her. Yeah, for like a follow up for based on weight and everything. Um but then a month later after uh regular nutrition and everything, they think that she was actually older
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: than she looked because of possible malnutrition from being out in the wild and everything for who knows how long like no regular food supply. So she's going to be
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're
SPEAKER_L: healthy,
SPEAKER_R: not gonna get
SPEAKER_L: less full,
SPEAKER_R: me?
SPEAKER_L: you know, filled out than the average cat. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah a couple of mama's my neighborhood that are just scrawny and they were kittens at first themselves until I one day I realized they were mamas.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Well like I said, that one cat that we have, like, she's bye now
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: probably like 12 years old, but I mean even at eight years old for a cat, like that's that's old. And yet she was still really skinny. So you would think without looking at her for just her size, you'd think that she's still young, you know, when she was, when she was little, you would have a guest that she's only like still a kitten year old, you know? So it all depends on obviously nourishment and activity.
SPEAKER_R: So you so you made it up to six cats and what was that the upper level you kept? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We started with this just 23 and then uh once we had our daughter, I don't know if it was the urge to have a kitten and see them grow up together or what it was, but there was just that urge to have a kitten and and see how the older ones would interact because by that point they were already four years old for the older cats. And uh,
SPEAKER_R: it changes the dynamic I've found.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, absolutely. Like the three already have their own personalities very different from each other. And we got the two and they developed, they kind of absorb some of the other personalities from the first three cats and yet develop their own. So one was very, very much energetic and playful and the mischievous cat and the other was timid, like the one, but very much in a different sense. It was, it was like a mirror of the one, but in a different, I don't know how to explain it, but like not quite the same personality.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've seen like the personalities are really unique but some of the behaviors seem like the same. Like he was kid, he's only a year he learned to be afraid of the door being knocked on because two of my other cats were feral before I made friends and got them in and they freak out at the sound of the door so he like runs because they do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I mean regardless of how long you have them or how much you try to uh, you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: know, train them to be okay with certain things, like some of that just never goes away, you know? And a lot of that has to do with how old they are at the time and how long they've had that. It's just like any person who tries to change bad habits, if you've had that bad habit for 10 years versus 50 years, you know, like 10 years, it's going to be easier to break that habit. 50 years. You might just need to let it be like trying to change a bad habit and break out of it after that long. Might not be the easiest or maybe nearly impossible for for a lot of people.
SPEAKER_R: tell me about it. I'm 56 this morning I put in my order for our grocery pickup, I've still got a couple of issues so I am really reluctant to go in. Okay. And they bring it out to the car which is nice and they don't charge us for currently. Kroger's just letting you do it pick up for free anyhow I ordered because it was on sale two boxes of macaroni and cheese, frozen sculptures. It's so good. And I was eating stuff like that when I was 678 but I didn't order hot dogs. I got over that finally. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Like I know there's people that don't like that combination, but I don't know everyone to know what like it's not like, oh my God, amazing flavor. It's not like a top tier dish where it's just like so tasty. But every once in a while, like there's that like, it just hits the spot. I don't know how to explain it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think it's from my childhood my mom would make just hot dogs cut him throwing the macaroni and cheese. It was probably craft but better than what they have now. So I'll go to a restaurant and that's not what I want to eat at a restaurant. But
SPEAKER_L: But every once in a while your steaks, that would taste good. I
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: typically try to stick to doing that at home and yeah, but everyone's all your slick. Sure why not? And then like before, you know, you're like, yeah, that was actually kind of good. Like that whole little bit of nostalgia, I guess, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I'd be curious. You mentioned home, where about in the country are you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, uh, Northern Wisconsin, you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Arizona, although I was born in michigan and I spent most of my life in Minnesota. I was like trying to kind of see if I could pick an accent for you and I'm like I have no argue with this man is using, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Everyone like, I was, I was born and raised in upper michigan, the upper peninsula, So more remote than lower machine and moved to northern Wisconsin. And the funny thing is like, I feel like do kind of have that local accent from back home on occasion, but it's nowhere near as thick as, as a lot of people. Um, I don't know if I just never picked it up because I'm not hitting 35 soon. So I mean I'm not young anymore by any means, not a kid and uh, a lot of people, especially if you, if you travel like I've been out to California, apparently I have an accent compared to mean, but California, you know, it's very
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: different regional, it's just like going to the south. Like you get some of those people were just like, okay, yeah, you are definitely southern. Um apparently they must took us a lot for Canadians because we were so close and a lot of that kind of accent comes over that, that you pay for a Canadian like
SPEAKER_R: I snapped from
SPEAKER_L: emphasis. Yeah. And like, I don't know, I don't have it that thick every once in a while, I guess it comes out in certain things, but
SPEAKER_R: So are you anywhere near a city like all I know of is superior and then way over here like by mountain iron. It just seems like it's all nothing up there but code.
SPEAKER_L: actually that's exactly where I'm at. I'm in Superior. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right right across the water from Duluth
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: so not a major city like Minneapolis but like any time I fill out surveys or anything in the ask rural, urban or suburban, I feel more suburban because I mean especially compared to where I grew up that was rural by a long shot. Um Not farmland in the middle of Kansas, but you know, pretty remote bite and cut off from a lot of the world. Um You
SPEAKER_R: area.
SPEAKER_L: know, you know those towns when you're on a road trip, people only stop there because they're on their way through somewhere else. Those gas station pounds that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was up
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: except
SPEAKER_R: drove
SPEAKER_L: we didn't have anything on the other end. It was just us.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. I drove you know, is it highway to that goes along the bottom of the upper P in Linz about us too or I might be off there. But if you go further up north towards the shore in the upper P. And you're heading over towards the Mackinaw bridge, there's dirt roads up there that go through all the nash or the state or national forests go
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: while?
SPEAKER_L: there's any particular, I can't remember which one it is but yeah there's one that kind of cuts across entire U. P. I mean I don't know if it's the same one the whole way but there's main highways across the hallway and one that leads right into uh from Sue ST Marie michigan to Ontario and transitions from a U. S. Highway like an interstate two. Uh I can't think of the term but it's not an interstate anymore because it's not the U. S. But it's in Canada like it's a across national borders and continues on and yeah it goes through like national parks and stuff I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was like just stunned at how remote. I mean if it wasn't for the occasional campground and it being summer I just would have not seen any vehicles. I did a solo road ship. This my mom lived in Detroit and it's 12 hour drive from Minneapolis to Detroit on the freeways. But I always like to take one way I want to do a circle when? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's unless you're on a strict schedule like you need to be somewhere at a certain time. It is nice especially on road trips to just kind of take a road trip you know take your time, see this stuff not be in a rush like. Oh I got it you know it's about a 12 hour drive, Let's do it in no more than 14, not like if you don't have to be there, just kind of stopped when you need to see the sights, you know, take a pit stop, do the tourist attractions, even if they're kitschy and cliche, it's still, it's still an experience. I mean that's what we did. We, we did have a time limit, but my ex's brother was in California, graduating college. We went from upper michigan and we decided to do a road trip instead of flying where it's like, okay, we're gonna cut across the entire country and then head up the coast and then cut back. So we hit a fair amount of state and oddly enough, we missed Nevada entirely. Uh, we, we went like we, we planned it that way because we knew we're not gambling, people kids and we knew if we're going to go through Nevada, especially southern, we gotta hit Vegas. We have,
SPEAKER_R: Did you go through Arizona at all
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: did, yeah, we um, I'm trying to think of the map in my head, but we went through some parts of, we had municipal after, I know we went through Wisconsin and then we went through a little bit of Iowa and Nebraska. And I don't remember us taking any real stops in Nebraska. Pit
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: stops, no attractions or anything. I know we hit Kansas because we saw the center of the U. S. Uh, geographic center. Um and then we went over to wow, I am blinking on my geography here. I know we hit, yeah, we went to colorado.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was thinking colorado or one
SPEAKER_L: remember
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: colorado because we to save money, we went to K. O. S instead of hotels and even even ko has ended up being moderately expensive, but like a third of the cost of hotels. Um And
SPEAKER_R: Put it
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: didn't.
SPEAKER_R: the summer season when it's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: oh no this was this was fun, this was early spring because he was graduating in May.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's a little chilly if you count.
SPEAKER_L: like in California not too bad but for a lot of the other states it was it was chilly. Yeah we we started in the beginning of May and we didn't get home until the beginning of june like we were gone an entire month.
SPEAKER_R: that's the way to do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I remember colorado specifically because we didn't know it we didn't look into it enough. We just booked you know Kay always that were in areas uh middle of the night. We're driving up to our campground and we're driving literally up to our campground because it's on the top of the mountain in colorado just outside of Denver.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, But
SPEAKER_L: No no no that was fun. We had a big old conversion van and it was interesting. she didn't care for driving up the mountain, I was pretty okay but I can only imagine driving those big RVs up if you can't, you're
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: nervous giving a conversion van. I imagine those big things. Um I still, it's one of the best experiences though because our campground was up there, I get up early hours of the morning for a bathroom break and on my walk back like it's brisk up there because early May and top of the mountain, I remember looking at our GPS saying that it was just under 10,000 ft up, that's pretty high by comparison. But no on my on my walk back it was still cold but not like not biting cold, it felt like a welcoming cold temperature. It was weird.
SPEAKER_R: I call that like crisp. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like those are like that light frost on grass kind of feel like when you first step out in the morning and it doesn't feel harsh cold, but it feels inviting in a
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: way, I don't know how to explain it. Um But yeah, short short walk like it only took me a couple minutes to get back to the campsite, but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I was welcomed by the sun coming up over the mountains and it was like, yeah, that was probably the most peaceful experience I've ever had. I was indescribable. It really was. Um
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I am alright
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but I yeah, I've seen like the moon out in the super dark camping area and it's like, wow, you're like, did you, were you attempted to wake your wife up and pull her out of the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: town?
SPEAKER_L: was actually, but I know how quick sunrises can go just like sunsets and just like but it was like and they were already sleeping and I was like, plus I know that she does not like the cold. She likes, she likes the warm, she's the kind of person that can have it 80 degrees in the house and still be covered under comforters. So like to wake her up this early just to see that, but it's also kind of bitter cold. She might appreciate it later. But no, like, like she'll be cranky. She's
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: also a morning person. So I was like, no.
SPEAKER_R: little like a middle aged kid, you know? Five, 12 maybe I do that too. But yeah, growing up we got Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But no, we we went through Arizona because she had friends in, remember if they were in or just outside of phoenix. So we hit
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: the four corners and then um went through uh phoenix and then what is it? Um The incident? S
SPEAKER_R: uh the Sedona uh yeah. Flags,
SPEAKER_L: down,
SPEAKER_R: what else is there?
SPEAKER_L: It's Scottsdale. That's down
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Scottsdale is right north of phoenix.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like I think we went from the corners down and kind of went to phoenix and then I think Scottsdale's more west, right,
SPEAKER_R: no that's right right there on Buffy. No.
SPEAKER_L: there. Ok. Yeah, because I think we went through there, I got to say for that area, like not just custom, but in general, like the highway decorations are incredible, like the floral decorations and like, they put so much time and effort into making those beautiful and
SPEAKER_R: Is some of the
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: road,
SPEAKER_L: land.
SPEAKER_R: they have rocks in these spirals and different color rocks and make
SPEAKER_L: It was, it
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: was that was definitely a site. It was incredible.
SPEAKER_R: it's different the roads here, the new ones at least they just stay nice for so long and it's different than Minnesota, where you have the blitzkrieg of trucks. I've seen a chain in our county when I lived in Minnesota, in the front of this long line of trucks was a grinder, pulling up asphalt, putting it up right into a dumps, another, it was putting it into the dump dump trucks and they were lined up empty. And then if you work your waist back, there was the sweepers, there was everybody in one long line, like a mile long lake pavement at the same time and that's like here. Uh They just
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: take I'm all your
SPEAKER_L: I think where I grew up, we, we had two seasons, we had winter and we had construction and I thought that was us and and one of the after like b
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: enough trips over to Minnesota um realized. I think that's a midwestern thing, especially the northern areas because of the cold because we, you don't see it out west very much. I mean I haven't been out east too often, so I don't know how it is there
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: as far as the roads go. But I mean like you get far enough west or south and that's not a thing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that that just threw me, it's like you just used to it and then oh they have different way of living life down here, do construction all year. I had a lot of friends in the different trades including one who helped build 35 W through ST paul, one of the last productions which was like um summer work due time is that many hours as they could get you to work and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's one downside for sure of this kind of region is if you work in that industry, construction and road work, you might definitely want to consider looking at seasonal work because that is seasonal work. Like you get laid off for the colder, colder months
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: and what you know, what are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_R: that's it I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: know, I know too many people that get laid off because there's no work, everything in that industry shut down because you can't build houses, you can't really work on the road, you can't do that kind of stuff because it's too cold.
SPEAKER_R: and the ones who don't set aside money to enjoy their time off.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well yeah, I mean you have to set aside enough money to even try to make ends meet let alone anything extra. You know, it's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's easy
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: I I admire I admire those that can actually make that work. That that lifestyle because that's that's rough to not always to know where your income is or if you have any
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I mean right now we're kind of like that for everybody but it's not we have very little control over it in terms of everything right now when you're talking about like construction work you have the ability essentially to go find other work if if you needed an income. So. Yeah it's.
SPEAKER_R: at times other than this very strange year
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. And it's I don't know how to be, how have you been coping with with all the everything?
SPEAKER_R: you know I'm super lucky in that I am on disability Social Security currently. And um and that's been it's like this thing, universal basic income, we're a certain amount of money because they don't, they check up on me every so often get my doctor's records, make sure you know I'm not getting better and and that's it, the check shows up, I do anything I want with it, but all the responsibilities on me, so I'm super grateful I have it and I'm like kind of pissed that the government hasn't been helping all the people
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Yeah. Like I'm I'm in in a different kind of boat where for for a while now I've been unemployed but not it has nothing to do with everything going on. It was even prior to that and enough health issues that prevent me from working but not enough confirmed yet. Two allow me disability. It's that middle ground where it's like
SPEAKER_R: I heard.
SPEAKER_L: is this enough? Can we prove it? And is it enough to give me that or do I have to, is it not and I have to go back to work? But what what can I do with my health? You know, it's it's just very very small and sometimes very stressful gray area of where do I lie?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is. Yeah. And I had when I first took sick I had some friends who were like just work, just work, just work, there is nothing wrong, you know your back's not broken in half. And I'm like uh and then I was so grateful. Then it took just six months or so for Social Security to hear my case and they approved it. Now I hear it's just ridiculous long and they do a lot of denials at first, then you have to go to court and I'm like when you're not doing well and you don't have money for an attorney, what the hell?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, and and a like a court costs alone can be ridiculous. You know? Then you have, I mean there's just so many factors in in costs in stress and everything. There's just so much
SPEAKER_R: They just oh gosh we're over 25. Let me tell you real quick. They did it in Canada. It just closed this week, won the more they gave 7500 bucks up front to 50 individuals who were homeless and had been homeless only six months. And then they had a control group of 65 people receiving services from the shelters in the county. This is over in a Vancouver and here they found it costs about $8100 per person served by the shelters to take care of them over the year. Whereas the $7500 granted the people, all of those people were in housing. They had an average of 1000 bucks saved at the end of that time. And then all these other important measures like their stress they're being were their mental health were way better than this group because they didn't have that worry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. With with all the stimulus that went through, like I didn't qualify for that first round because technically I'm a dependent, even though my age is an adult, like the first round was dependent, 17 and under or college students of a certain age, I'm like, well I'm definitely not under 17 and I'm not a college student. Like I don't qualify. Like uh that little again that little gray area where it's like uh and the possibility of another round coming, they've they've modified some of the criteria that maybe I could be included in this round. And like admittedly I likely won't save it, we'll probably use it for necessities and some for fun things. But even just the knowledge of having that assistance, whether I use it or I blow it on whatever. Just that knowledge just low dramatically lower stress anxiety and just knowing that they're actually doing something to help me to help everybody that's in need. I mean when they first did that first round, like what they say within four weeks most people that received that money was already gone for, a lot of people have barely covered rent, let alone all the other responsibilities they had. It's like really you think $1200 is going to cut it? I understand budgets. I mean the fact that that bill was what like a little over $3 trillion get it. It's a lot of money.
SPEAKER_R: But still
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: on?
SPEAKER_R: you got that money, we're paying their fair share of taxes like amazon for instance who made nothing because everybody put that money right into spending on mostly necessities have been taxed. You know the people the companies have been taxed. That money would have flowed through the economy right back into the government.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's just that's the same thing I was just thinking is yeah like yeah it might be quite a bit of money you're giving out but and especially in these times whether it be for necessities, hobbies, entertainment, anything like that that is all getting almost immediately pumped back into the economy. You know I mean if a lot of it's put on necessities for like for bills it helps. I think it helps the economy somewhat. But when you're talking about buying food and other material goods, you know that that boosts the economy even more than just paying your electric bill, you know? And so why my mind goes, why don't they see that if they want the economy to continue and not be in this recession or depression that we're going through realize that if you can manage to pump enough, you know, like give enough out to people, it's coming right back to you, like within a couple of weeks that that's coming right back into the economy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. If the covid if it takes 68 to 12 months more to get a vaccine or longer, I sure hope that dems win and and consider that man. I'm like I said I'm doing okay but it's like I'm still right on the edge. If it weren't for the 1200 I got earlier this year, my car wouldn't be working now.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's a lot of people that got it that it was more of a cushion like, okay, they could put it away a large portion of people. It wasn't, it was a matter of medications, hospital visits, you know, car repairs, utilities, like, like are we going to have food this month? Like for a lot of people, that's what it was. And I mean, even if they didn't need multiple 100 for one month worth of necessities, it was 400 that could help stretch it out. They wouldn't have to worry for at least a couple months you know? But even still it wasn't. Oh yeah I just got an extra 1200 bucks like it was something they needed you know it went so far while only so far for a lot of people and it was still appreciate it because where would they be without it? You know a lot of people without it would have been homeless
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: or hard to get to work or what have you.
SPEAKER_R: you know if Wisconsin got some funds from the federal to help people with rentals then losing their mortgages
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I I think
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: there was a whole put on for mortgage and rental and
SPEAKER_R: yes on evictions like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I don't know about Wisconsin specifically. I want to say it was nationwide but more of a recommendation and not a requirement. And I think it was up to each state government to determine just like when they did the unemployment extension that trump has a thing for an extra 300 it was 400 300 from the government and then 100 from each individual state government to
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: approve or deny that. So everybody got 300 extra for unemployment and some would get 400 depending on their government wanted to.
SPEAKER_R: yeah Arizona said nope and then we got several $100 million that's largely still sitting not being distributed to people who need rental assistance because we don't have Arizona's
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: anti spending.
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: We don't have an agencies and enough employees to figure even figure out how to distribute the money, how to interview people. So it's used.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even though it's been months since all that's been distributed to individual uh municipalities. Um It's like they're still hiccups, you know they're like from the from the stimulus that was approved back in March or april they're still I think that's the last time I checked like last week I think they said they're still like nine million americans that haven't received one that could be eligible. But for various
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: reasons, you know like whether they just don't have, you know, the non filers and and stuff like that and it's like, that's a lot like yeah, there was a huge number of uh qualifying
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: people to receive that, but the fact that there's still this many months later, nine roughly, nine million that haven't gotten it, like, that's it. I a
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: technical standpoint, I can see why there'd be problems, like not everything, especially on this scale is going to go smoothly. There's going to be problems, there's going to be, you know, hiccups and everything, but but it has also been many months, we're not talking, oh, hey, we passed it in april and it's now july we're talking it's been what, half a year going on, like eight months or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: That's it. I kind of wonder if the president I blame too much on him. But it's like I told the CBC seem to put pressure on them not to emphasize masks early on or not to say it spreads by aerosol. So what's not to say he's looking at the I. R. S. Or whoever and saying don't worry about getting all that money out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's there's a part of me I don't support or oppose trump one way or the other, like, from my standpoint, uh very at the very first, I was like, oh dear God, like like wow, this country really is, wow.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Um but at this point I've kind of come to terms with the fact that it's only been four years. We've already we were already dealing with some problems to begin with, that. Obama was trying to fix from the previous president and now trump's in office, trying to continue fixing like what well Bush problems were while also trying to fix or correct what happened with Obama. Like it's only been four years realistically, you can only do so much in that amount of time, especially with all this red tape to go through. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: but there is a I actually talked to people the other day about this, There is part of me that wonders with trump and the election being in what a couple of weeks that we've had no real uh, forward momentum on another round of stimulus for individuals businesses? What have you done any kind of relief? Um because they've been in talks for that for, well, what's since july they are talked about another round, um no forward momentum. And yet with the election looming, there's a part of me that wonders if in a fashion trump is going to try to strong arm them into getting something passed.
SPEAKER_R: I expected because when he when he momentarily, you know, a few days ago, he may be before the hospital, he said there will be no stimulus. I will not sign any deal. And then a few hours later he changed totally went the other way.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, because I believe because the democrats in the house passed the bill for like two or something not that long ago, so now the Senate, um, but then the republicans came back with like, uh, they don't want anything over a trillion dollars. Um, So again, like it's a it's a lot closer, but it's still a decent gap. And then so again, it's it's back and forth. But I think I read that trump proposed one point $6 trillion in limited stimulus, you know, for the individual people and for limited business relief, it's kind of like the middle ground between the two proposals. Um I don't know if that's going to pass or anything like that because it was proposed by the president himself, not the republicans, not the democrats, not the all that, not Congress.
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: Um And I mean, not saying it's the best motive, but if his if he attempts to strong arm them into getting something passed,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: does?
SPEAKER_L: thought is because of election that if he can get this past, even if it gets distributed after the election, if something on the table, it might swing votes in his favor because people are like, oh, he's doing something definitely not a great reasoning to get it passed. Like selfish who I'm going to win the election, But there's assignment. It's also like grateful because then it would at least be, it still be help, you know, it's a two sided thing. It's like negative, um motive, but positive outcome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. And I'm like worried if he waits and if he does lose the election, will he feel like issuing the stimulus afterward? You know, I I think if you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in the same boat there is that if he doesn't win, then he won't be part of Congress, correct? You won't be involved in still
SPEAKER_R: well hell
SPEAKER_L: regions on, on those anymore because he won't be
SPEAKER_R: january 20th. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Yeah. Because he'll still be officially president. That's right. Um, because the thing is like, if nothing, if he truly feels the need to help the average american with all this and he's no longer president, would he in effect be willing to fund stimulus with personal income? Because I mean obviously he's wealthy, nowhere near that wealthy, I thank. But you know what I mean? Like he wouldn't have the government money to work with as far as Congress goes, you know, right now, he's not funding it, if it passes, it's the government, you know, And if he still wanted to supply people with money after he's no longer president, he would have to do it out of pocket.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think he
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: should.
SPEAKER_L: think, I think he could be selfless, but I don't know about that much. That's that's that's a lot of money. Even like unless I had a large sum of money, even I don't think I'd be that selfless because that's I mean, again, the first round they passed was over $3 trillion. That's a lot of money. You'd have to have an enormous I mean Bill Gates isn't that rich, you know? And like that's that says something. Bill Gates is wealthy, you know?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So no, that's I don't know, it's all
SPEAKER_R: Well, you know what, I I want to propose that we all create a go fund me or something and pitching money needs to be a lot just a few million to build a wall and I want to put it all around mar a Lago in florida and president and all of his friends if they lose, if they lose and
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I kind of just like here here here's you
SPEAKER_R: yeah, because they won't be able to get jobs, you know, all the current heads of the state Department's and stuff, federal level. So um yeah, I'll build a wall to keep them safe in florida. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean if you if you think about it I don't know what the current U. S. Population is but if if every single person contributed a dollar to a fund that's a that's a substantial amount of money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like three I must say 3 30 million. I could be.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty high you know I mean admittedly I guess that the bill that passed was three trillion. By comparison. If every person on the planet contributed a dollar
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that's still nowhere near three trillion.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: We're only in what like eight billion. Yes
SPEAKER_R: pushing.
SPEAKER_L: but I mean that's still a substantial amount of money to give back to do good you know and help out like it's
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I definitely know that if I had a decent amount of money like if I won the lottery like I won't lie I'll spend some of it on myself on fun things. Get myself set I guess. But if I had a billion dollars, I'd probably hold on to maybe like 100 million and then here's the other 900. Like here's for this charity to help the homeless to like I don't need that much money.
SPEAKER_R: I'm with you. You know, I don't play the lottery much, but I don't see the difference between a lotto at five million or 20 or 100 because I'm like just one million or so would have me totally set anything above that. I would either do something weird and go nuts so I would just give it away,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The only reason I, I wonder on my own side, two of no willing I would be to give up enough money is because I have this like innate urge to travel to just go places like I, I want to go visit more of this country. I want to go to europe and Asia and all that. Like I want to see the world having nearly unlimited amount of money. Like, like I mean a billion dollars is a lot. I mean to put it in perspective, I actually did this out of a lot of fun. If I had a billion dollars and I wanted to spend it in my lifetime. All of it. Yeah. So here's the thing, a billion dollars over the course of 100 years spending every single day you still have to spend roughly 30 grand every day the door was closed, right?
SPEAKER_R: My car just trans located through space.
SPEAKER_L: I yeah. You
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: speaking.
SPEAKER_R: it's got a big gap but I thought he was too big to get under there anymore since
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: he was.
SPEAKER_L: guess not.
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: He's like I want, he's like, I want to be in here. I'm gonna be in here. Cats, man and cats.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad they're on our side. Come here honey.
SPEAKER_L: no kidding. It
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: would be roughly, I think I remember correctly, roughly. 30 grand a day
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: every single day for 100 years if you want a billion dollars and that's no
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: no interest accruing over time either.
SPEAKER_R: Right you'd have to really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, admittedly like at the start, okay, here's a car. Cool. You know by a $300,000 house, that's a good chunk of it right there. That's 10 days worth. But I mean you really do that every single like, okay, I got a car. You're going to I'm going to buy a car a brand new car every single day for 100 years. I don't, I don't think though, you know like oh 300 grand for a house and that's roughly two weeks worth of, of money. You're going to buy a new house every two weeks. You know what I mean? Like that's so to me a billion is like unlimited
SPEAKER_R: I wonder you know uh the guy who owns amazon. Yeah I just I just opened the browser real quick network and this is in his the company stock whatever. I'm sure he doesn't cash right now. It's 175 billion. I'm like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: like obstruction of that. Like less than literally less than 1% would be like a billion dollars would be less than 1% billion dollars is.
SPEAKER_R: Someone did the math and said that he could give away to every employee in the order of tens of thousands of dollars of amazon and still.
SPEAKER_L: And still be one of the richest people. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean when you think of amazon employees like that, that's everybody. You mean talking the warehouse employees, the distributors, you're talking uh the online people, you know like the service text and every like you've got lots of people lots
SPEAKER_R: I forget the exact
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: number.
SPEAKER_L: they're slowly expanding.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they said they could give away so many thousands or tens of thousands to each person. And his stock has risen so much this year that it would be totally
SPEAKER_L: That's good.
SPEAKER_R: absorbed within that rise.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That, as I say that it can increase because yeah, I mean as stock prices so does his value. So it is his ability to essentially give back his ex wife got like a ton of money and it's like, like that's alimony. Holy crap. Like wow. Like I know alimony can be expensive, but Uh huh. No, thank you. I I'm not kind of money. I'd be I'd be set like especially with his kind of money, I could do all of it, I could travel indefinitely, see the world do the things and still make a difference. Like you have, like I could
SPEAKER_R: Well actually traveling the world and making differences as you go could help give people a better impression of America and americans.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and that she was like, like there's I'm a very I'm very much a loner. I'm an introvert which in contrast to me wanting to travel is very, it's so dynamic. Um look, I've just always had a fascination with other cultures
SPEAKER_R: You sure?
SPEAKER_L: and some of their histories, especially when you compare it to America where what a couple 100 years old countries that are, Oh, like, you know, you look at England and that's centuries old. It's
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: end
SPEAKER_L: have so much history.
SPEAKER_R: India Saudi Arabia Iran Mesopotamia where we have evidence going back tens, 10,000 plus years of civilization and they're still living in the same place.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, exactly. Like not every aspect of history interests when I was in school,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: history was whatever, but as I got older, I was like, I don't know if it felt like there's a switch that went off in me as I got older because suddenly I'm just like the past number of years, history itself, it's just fascinating. Like looking at hold far things have come and looking back at, I mean, just everything. You know, we talked about grand scheme of things, the universe as a whole. Like we're were tadpoles, you know, But just, I think just learning in general cultural, you know, I'm open to races religions. Like I'm not a heavily religious person. I consider myself more agnostic where I don't believe in any one thing, but I think there is something, um,
SPEAKER_R: I was there when I was your age. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and, and to the point where like I'm open to all religions. So what the one stipulation I have is just don't push yours on me and, and so long as you don't harm others in uh, in service to your religion, you know, that like a
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: lot,
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: especially americans, common misconception is that all Arabs are suicide bombers and it's
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: like that's, that's them, like that's not all of them and it's not even all of their religion, like that's just a certain sect of them.
SPEAKER_R: we got horrible case in Arizona couple of decades ago like after not quite, it was an indian man a C. I believe and he had a cloth wrapped
SPEAKER_L: The urban. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: muslim and he got shot by someone hate crime here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's like, they're not all that way, and and even and that's not their religion, their religion isn't to harm people. Like that's just these people harm people because that's what they wanted to. It's not anything to do with their religion in Islam were, you know, like it's it's it's completely different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's about a power structure where somebody is violent and they convince others in part through the religion, you know, they create their own fancy.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Yeah. They use, like, the original religion itself, if you dig deep enough into it, isn't, there is no basis for harming others. But those particular groups use religion as a vehicle for luring others into doing this. And so then there's that immediate connection of this religion, this outcome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really sad. You know here we just get people like jim baker being televangelists and hundreds of millions and then just buying jet planes, they're not really killing people except for the extra pollution. Right?
SPEAKER_L: There's there's there's variations there, uh, you know, and, and liberties that can be taken into account for various, uh, you know, harmful actions. But yeah, I mean, so, yeah, those are my only stipulations when it comes to religion is just as long as your religion isn't based in on harming others and you're not forcing it on me. Cool. Like I'm open to learning just learning, not even necessarily practicing just learning religions, cultures. We're all people.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, if I, I don't know what might be in your area. I for two years now I've been a member of something called a humanist society here in phoenix and it's just people coming together. A lot are atheists, but not all of them. There's people from all religions and walks and we have a center in one of the things we are now doing on zoom is we have these meet ups where we do things like um discuss various aspects of philosophy or different cultures. They have a book club, they have a philosophy night, we're supposed to be drinking while and then we have something called inquiry minds every other saturday for like three hours, you get like up to three minutes to discuss whatever the topic is. And then it rotates around and and I just love these things because it's all about at least my group, it's all about education in really learning stuff and, and not bashing religion, you know, just mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Being open and just like, like you can have your you can still have your own opinions on it. So if you don't if you still have a negative perception or if it's just not your interest, that's fine. But it's still a matter of just being there and just hearing it at least. And obviously if you are open and willing to learn this stuff, then you're gaining more from it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, if you, if you are interested, if you look up, Minnesota has a lot of programs that are currently online. It's called just like Minnesota humanists on that meet up dot com. No one I go to is phoenix humanists and we don't know, we have a lot of fun. What every meetings that interesting like they have intersectional book club, that's about this week, the reading Lolita in Iran, I'm just like, oh, I don't quite know what's going on, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can see how certain certain things might appeal to one person over another. You know, like just because you're interested in the group as a whole doesn't mean you're interested in every aspect of it. You know, it's just like your your favorite author or your favorite movie star, whatever. Like just because you like them as a whole doesn't mean you're going to enjoy everything they put out and yeah, like I again as a bit of a loner like meeting new people isn't always easy, but I'm always open to it and obviously then conversation can get going and you can talk about anything and everything forever. And that's one thing I love is just that natural progression of conversation. I mean I could like realistically like those groups highly appealed to me because I could talk about philosophy and psychology and series of on the universe and and just about anything. Like it's more a matter of finding the right people in the right group.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's that's the thing because sometimes some groups will be a little bit more led by people who want to create change in society. That can be a more activist. Some are more about learning, you know, each one is a different and like in the Minnesota one, different leaders have different focuses. I've just been going there because they started doing zooms for everybody. I'm like okay, show you know, there's maybe 15 maybe more people in your little windows and I just sit there and listen at first, you know and let's make music.
SPEAKER_L: And that's likely what I do and unless something came up of a particular note that like really sparked my interest and and really got me to want to engage with this new group I think for the first you know, it's not too completely related to like a or anything but like there's people that go to those meetings and they sit for a while before they open up
SPEAKER_R: I suppose.
SPEAKER_L: and that's kind of what this would feel like I think where like you just joined this group and unless you're already a naturally very outgoing person, you're likely to just sit there and kind of take it all in before you open up and be like and give your input your story.
SPEAKER_R: Right. We do have that. Even when we met in person, we always had people who are quiet at the coffee shop and who would be there for weeks and not so much, but they were happy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, it's like a fly on the wall kind of thing where you where you sit there and just kind of experience it before you participate in it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think um I think I shall go with those guys. My cats lunch. I'm gonna push it it. But can I ask something? I'm embarrassed we jumped right into because my cat was there. Um
SPEAKER_L: No, that's all right.
SPEAKER_R: I failed to ask your name
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I didn't make it that far with you either. My name's Adam
SPEAKER_R: adam. I'm roger.
SPEAKER_L: Roger. Oh yes. Future.
SPEAKER_R: You do.
SPEAKER_L: After what about an hour?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is a little longer, but I I like I don't you're you're fun to talk to, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've had like short conversations have had some long ones, but like these kinds are the ones that I really enjoyed the most because they feel natural, you know? And like I'm not like I said, I'm not opposed to the shorter conversation still getting to know people, but they feel less real.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to just do an interview and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's almost what kind of what like some of the shorter ones felt like where there's kind of like not necessarily in a bad way, but forced. And then, and then you get these kinds of conversations where it's, it does, it just flows and you feel like at least from my side like you actually know the person like like really could just meet up in a coffee shop, you know because you're buying the same drink or whatever and you sit down and you're like, oh and then get to talking, you know like those, it's those like chance, natural interactions
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, okay. Let me just say uh wish you a good rest of the year and a good life if we don't ever bump into each other again. Was
SPEAKER_L: I hope, I hope, I mean for for both our six and population as a whole that things things turn around, you know, can only get better. Right? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's cross figure and hope
SPEAKER_R: All right. Bye.