No. Hey, there we go. It was rejecting Firefox today. Uh huh. What?
I think have you done this before?
Okay. I did it like a few months ago and my first time I messed up filling out the time or something but I wrote and then they fixed it. It was all good.
Yeah. Yeah, it's a little different. I I spent my first one wondering if it was like going to be a setup of some sort. I didn't think they explained it. Coralie that they were looking at natural conversations between this.
Yeah. I'd be so curious to know if they were doing this back before Covid Yeah. Or something similar. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's um mm
I kind of feel bad for the people who haven't kind of broken. Like I was really shy when I was 20. You know, it would be hard to break out of the show if you just are sitting at home and you can't go out and even see people in person and you don't, mm.
No.
Yeah. Yeah I was I can't remember the numbers now. I went to look up my income and where I sit in the U. S. And it's like I'm a little about 25,000 year so it's like but compared to the rest of the world only I'm like a wealthy person and
Yeah. Excuse me one moment mike you is really interested in the voices but then he likes to play with the webcam wire.
on
you have serious
wow what did you have? Like a litter of kittens or?
No?
That's funny.
That's right.
Well
how hard they are Yeah.
No.
Question
family.
Oh freaky and no mama in sight
No.
first
bad?
Oh I wonder. Oh so what a feral
what?
Yeah I've got all my you know what I did have one kitten I got to raise and I should have tried the least thing but I didn't think of it I tried it on some adult cats I wouldn't have it.
What about
the
car?
Does that count like well they go in the car and be okay now if you go
so with the heat?
It
is
No
Oh you're
not gonna get
me?
Yeah a couple of mama's my neighborhood that are just scrawny and they were kittens at first themselves until I one day I realized they were mamas.
What?
So you so you made it up to six cats and what was that the upper level you kept? Yeah.
it changes the dynamic I've found.
Yeah. I've seen like the personalities are really unique but some of the behaviors seem like the same. Like he was kid, he's only a year he learned to be afraid of the door being knocked on because two of my other cats were feral before I made friends and got them in and they freak out at the sound of the door so he like runs because they do.
Yeah.
tell me about it. I'm 56 this morning I put in my order for our grocery pickup, I've still got a couple of issues so I am really reluctant to go in. Okay. And they bring it out to the car which is nice and they don't charge us for currently. Kroger's just letting you do it pick up for free anyhow I ordered because it was on sale two boxes of macaroni and cheese, frozen sculptures. It's so good. And I was eating stuff like that when I was 678 but I didn't order hot dogs. I got over that finally. Yeah,
Yeah. I think it's from my childhood my mom would make just hot dogs cut him throwing the macaroni and cheese. It was probably craft but better than what they have now. So I'll go to a restaurant and that's not what I want to eat at a restaurant. But
no.
I'd be curious. You mentioned home, where about in the country are you?
I'm in Arizona, although I was born in michigan and I spent most of my life in Minnesota. I was like trying to kind of see if I could pick an accent for you and I'm like I have no argue with this man is using, you know?
no.
I snapped from
So are you anywhere near a city like all I know of is superior and then way over here like by mountain iron. It just seems like it's all nothing up there but code.
okay.
Well
area.
I
I
drove
yeah. Yeah. I drove you know, is it highway to that goes along the bottom of the upper P in Linz about us too or I might be off there. But if you go further up north towards the shore in the upper P. And you're heading over towards the Mackinaw bridge, there's dirt roads up there that go through all the nash or the state or national forests go
what
while?
Yeah. I was like just stunned at how remote. I mean if it wasn't for the occasional campground and it being summer I just would have not seen any vehicles. I did a solo road ship. This my mom lived in Detroit and it's 12 hour drive from Minneapolis to Detroit on the freeways. But I always like to take one way I want to do a circle when? Okay.
Did you go through Arizona at all
or?
The
Yeah. I was thinking colorado or one
of the
Put it
in
the summer season when it's Yeah.
Oh that's a little chilly if you count.
that's the way to do it. Yeah.
Sorry, But
Well
I call that like crisp. Yeah,
it's
What?
I
I am alright
but I yeah, I've seen like the moon out in the super dark camping area and it's like, wow, you're like, did you, were you attempted to wake your wife up and pull her out of the
town?
You're
little like a middle aged kid, you know? Five, 12 maybe I do that too. But yeah, growing up we got Yeah.
And
uh the Sedona uh yeah. Flags,
what else is there?
Oh yeah, Scottsdale is right north of phoenix.
no that's right right there on Buffy. No.
Is some of the
road,
they have rocks in these spirals and different color rocks and make
the
it's different the roads here, the new ones at least they just stay nice for so long and it's different than Minnesota, where you have the blitzkrieg of trucks. I've seen a chain in our county when I lived in Minnesota, in the front of this long line of trucks was a grinder, pulling up asphalt, putting it up right into a dumps, another, it was putting it into the dump dump trucks and they were lined up empty. And then if you work your waist back, there was the sweepers, there was everybody in one long line, like a mile long lake pavement at the same time and that's like here. Uh They just
take I'm all your
well
Not
yeah that that just threw me, it's like you just used to it and then oh they have different way of living life down here, do construction all year. I had a lot of friends in the different trades including one who helped build 35 W through ST paul, one of the last productions which was like um summer work due time is that many hours as they could get you to work and
but
that's it I
had
and the ones who don't set aside money to enjoy their time off.
Yeah, it's easy
this.
Well
at times other than this very strange year
you know I'm super lucky in that I am on disability Social Security currently. And um and that's been it's like this thing, universal basic income, we're a certain amount of money because they don't, they check up on me every so often get my doctor's records, make sure you know I'm not getting better and and that's it, the check shows up, I do anything I want with it, but all the responsibilities on me, so I'm super grateful I have it and I'm like kind of pissed that the government hasn't been helping all the people
I heard.
Yeah it is. Yeah. And I had when I first took sick I had some friends who were like just work, just work, just work, there is nothing wrong, you know your back's not broken in half. And I'm like uh and then I was so grateful. Then it took just six months or so for Social Security to hear my case and they approved it. Now I hear it's just ridiculous long and they do a lot of denials at first, then you have to go to court and I'm like when you're not doing well and you don't have money for an attorney, what the hell?
They just oh gosh we're over 25. Let me tell you real quick. They did it in Canada. It just closed this week, won the more they gave 7500 bucks up front to 50 individuals who were homeless and had been homeless only six months. And then they had a control group of 65 people receiving services from the shelters in the county. This is over in a Vancouver and here they found it costs about $8100 per person served by the shelters to take care of them over the year. Whereas the $7500 granted the people, all of those people were in housing. They had an average of 1000 bucks saved at the end of that time. And then all these other important measures like their stress they're being were their mental health were way better than this group because they didn't have that worry.
But still
if
you got that money, we're paying their fair share of taxes like amazon for instance who made nothing because everybody put that money right into spending on mostly necessities have been taxed. You know the people the companies have been taxed. That money would have flowed through the economy right back into the government.
Yeah. If the covid if it takes 68 to 12 months more to get a vaccine or longer, I sure hope that dems win and and consider that man. I'm like I said I'm doing okay but it's like I'm still right on the edge. If it weren't for the 1200 I got earlier this year, my car wouldn't be working now.
He
you know if Wisconsin got some funds from the federal to help people with rentals then losing their mortgages
with
yes on evictions like.
Well
yeah Arizona said nope and then we got several $100 million that's largely still sitting not being distributed to people who need rental assistance because we don't have Arizona's
very
anti spending.
We don't have an agencies and enough employees to figure even figure out how to distribute the money, how to interview people. So it's used.
No.
No.
No.
That's it. I kind of wonder if the president I blame too much on him. But it's like I told the CBC seem to put pressure on them not to emphasize masks early on or not to say it spreads by aerosol. So what's not to say he's looking at the I. R. S. Or whoever and saying don't worry about getting all that money out.
huh.
Oh.
I expected because when he when he momentarily, you know, a few days ago, he may be before the hospital, he said there will be no stimulus. I will not sign any deal. And then a few hours later he changed totally went the other way.
Which
it
does?
Yeah. I know. And I'm like worried if he waits and if he does lose the election, will he feel like issuing the stimulus afterward? You know, I I think if you
well hell
january 20th. Yeah.
Yeah, I think he
should.
What?
Well, you know what, I I want to propose that we all create a go fund me or something and pitching money needs to be a lot just a few million to build a wall and I want to put it all around mar a Lago in florida and president and all of his friends if they lose, if they lose and
yeah, because they won't be able to get jobs, you know, all the current heads of the state Department's and stuff, federal level. So um yeah, I'll build a wall to keep them safe in florida. Um
Yeah, it's like three I must say 3 30 million. I could be.
Well
no.
pushing.
You
I'm with you. You know, I don't play the lottery much, but I don't see the difference between a lotto at five million or 20 or 100 because I'm like just one million or so would have me totally set anything above that. I would either do something weird and go nuts so I would just give it away,
My car just trans located through space.
No,
it's got a big gap but I thought he was too big to get under there anymore since
he was.
Hi
I'm glad they're on our side. Come here honey.
man.
No
Good.
Right you'd have to really?
I wonder you know uh the guy who owns amazon. Yeah I just I just opened the browser real quick network and this is in his the company stock whatever. I'm sure he doesn't cash right now. It's 175 billion. I'm like
what?
Someone did the math and said that he could give away to every employee in the order of tens of thousands of dollars of amazon and still.
I forget the exact
number.
Yeah they said they could give away so many thousands or tens of thousands to each person. And his stock has risen so much this year that it would be totally
absorbed within that rise.
Well actually traveling the world and making differences as you go could help give people a better impression of America and americans.
You sure?
In
the
end
India Saudi Arabia Iran Mesopotamia where we have evidence going back tens, 10,000 plus years of civilization and they're still living in the same place.
Well,
I was there when I was your age. Yeah.
I'm
with
well
we got horrible case in Arizona couple of decades ago like after not quite, it was an indian man a C. I believe and he had a cloth wrapped
muslim and he got shot by someone hate crime here.
Yeah. It's about a power structure where somebody is violent and they convince others in part through the religion, you know, they create their own fancy.
Yeah. It's really sad. You know here we just get people like jim baker being televangelists and hundreds of millions and then just buying jet planes, they're not really killing people except for the extra pollution. Right?
Hey, if I, I don't know what might be in your area. I for two years now I've been a member of something called a humanist society here in phoenix and it's just people coming together. A lot are atheists, but not all of them. There's people from all religions and walks and we have a center in one of the things we are now doing on zoom is we have these meet ups where we do things like um discuss various aspects of philosophy or different cultures. They have a book club, they have a philosophy night, we're supposed to be drinking while and then we have something called inquiry minds every other saturday for like three hours, you get like up to three minutes to discuss whatever the topic is. And then it rotates around and and I just love these things because it's all about at least my group, it's all about education in really learning stuff and, and not bashing religion, you know, just mm hmm.
yeah, if you, if you are interested, if you look up, Minnesota has a lot of programs that are currently online. It's called just like Minnesota humanists on that meet up dot com. No one I go to is phoenix humanists and we don't know, we have a lot of fun. What every meetings that interesting like they have intersectional book club, that's about this week, the reading Lolita in Iran, I'm just like, oh, I don't quite know what's going on, but
Well,
Yes, that's that's the thing because sometimes some groups will be a little bit more led by people who want to create change in society. That can be a more activist. Some are more about learning, you know, each one is a different and like in the Minnesota one, different leaders have different focuses. I've just been going there because they started doing zooms for everybody. I'm like okay, show you know, there's maybe 15 maybe more people in your little windows and I just sit there and listen at first, you know and let's make music.
I suppose.
Right. We do have that. Even when we met in person, we always had people who are quiet at the coffee shop and who would be there for weeks and not so much, but they were happy.
I think um I think I shall go with those guys. My cats lunch. I'm gonna push it it. But can I ask something? I'm embarrassed we jumped right into because my cat was there. Um
I failed to ask your name
adam. I'm roger.
You do.
Yeah. This is a little longer, but I I like I don't you're you're fun to talk to, so.
Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to just do an interview and
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, okay. Let me just say uh wish you a good rest of the year and a good life if we don't ever bump into each other again. Was
uh
All right. Bye.