SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Come on.
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: morning,
SPEAKER_L: are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing all right. Just woke up like 10 minutes ago.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same here, brother Sam here.
SPEAKER_L: My name is Jake. I was your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm daniel. How you doing
SPEAKER_L: David. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: pleasure, pleasure to have you done these before?
SPEAKER_L: I have not. I tried to do one last week and the other person just didn't show up, so glad you showed up.
SPEAKER_R: You got you got paid though?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you got one before?
SPEAKER_R: um I did one last week and uh I had overslept for one prior uh Yeah, so I'm one for one right now, one for two, I should say. Uh Yeah, wasn't bad. Um Yeah man, um I guess uh I'm daniel. Um I'm in long island new york uh married with a child, just uh just trying to survive the pandemic. That's about it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm I'm in Illinois. I'm not in Chicago where it's bad. I go to school here in Illinois state, so it's not too bad. There are a bunch of dumb college kids down here though, so there have been a couple like outbreaks or like scares, I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: studying.
SPEAKER_L: But uh
SPEAKER_R: So you go to campus, but then
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you go to class.
SPEAKER_L: on campus, but all the classes are online. Um Some of them, like when the semester started, they were like half and half for like, half the class might go on like monday and then the other half goes on Wednesday, stuff like that. But at this point everything is just completely online. And I think that's the plan for like next Mr as well and the future as you know I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's uh pretty wild times. Um What what year are you and
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you don't mind me asking? Yeah, Okay,
SPEAKER_L: So yeah I'm like I think next semester I'll be a senior so I'm like kind of weird, like not the my semesters aren't lined up with my year I guess technically, but I've changed my major two times and then also got into three different schools so that doesn't really help with getting it done quickly but
SPEAKER_R: in the credits
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: to move
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: over.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm making it though.
SPEAKER_R: Good man. Listen, that's all you can do. Um how do you find that schools easier that it's remote or I guess it depends the kind of learning you are? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: so I mean personally I'm I'm a cybersecurity major so a lot of what I do anyways is like computer based so in that sense for me it's easier. But then like my girlfriend is she's a theater major so like it just doesn't work for her really and like I know like my roommate, he's education majors so like he's supposed to be student teaching next semester and he was gonna do that, like he was going to study abroad to do that actually like Spain or something or somewhere over in europe. And so like his entire plan is kind of messed up right now and he doesn't even know how they're going to like if he's going to student teach on like online or what, but I think it just depends on the major. Mostly. I think I'm in probably the best situation. Not if anyone I know though for that.
SPEAKER_R: Right right, wow, okay, that's cool. You said cybersecurity, I'm actually a business analyst. Um Yeah not security but in the finance sector, so that's cool, I'm security, that's gonna be big or that is big I should say.
SPEAKER_L: It's not going away anytime soon.
SPEAKER_R: no I mean I'm getting a letter in the mail every day from you know whatever company I have membership was saying they've been hacked and I gotta get an experience uh credit monitoring service or whatever. Yeah. Um Alright, that's cool. Um What so Illinois state? Where are you in relation to Elmo university? Like fighting a lina?
SPEAKER_L: Um So well, so Illinois state is basically a halfway between Chicago and ST louis. It's like right in the middle of Illinois and the university is more, it's closer to Chicago, it's like in the suburbs up there, so it's like 22 showers. The way I grew up kind of near there. I grew up in the suburbs. So I saw like, I was just like in that area for most of my life.
SPEAKER_R: Um Then I went to I went to Syracuse. Uh Yeah Chicago is cool, I have a good buddy of mine in Milwaukee um We have family in Chicago. Um I like it in the summer, it's not any other time. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Right now it's getting pretty cold up there and I'm gonna get worse. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's uh it's 16 rainy uh in new york so I don't know what's going on out here.
SPEAKER_L: it's cold here. It's not, there's no rain or anything. I looked at my phone, I don't know if you have like an iphone, but like the way that they updated it so you can get like the different like widgets or whatever on your home screen. You know, I had like the weather one on my home screen and I was going to sleep last night and I glanced at it and I saw was like 30 degrees and it said there was like a chance of snow. And I was like, I hope not. It's too early for that right now. I'm not trying to have to deal with.
SPEAKER_R: I don't miss that at all. Um So now what do you do for thanksgiving? Do you do you go back home or do you stay on campus?
SPEAKER_L: I was planning on going back home. My parents are separated. So usually we'll all like go to my mom's and her family for the like in the morning or like an early dinner or something like that. And I'll go to my dad's and like, do that later. And so this year the plan because my mom and like, her side are all kind of high risk for Covid. So like initially the plan was to go there, it would just be like, me and her and her boyfriend and his mom was basically going to be it. And then three days ago, she was like, he's like, they weren't like too comfortable with it, so they're gonna have to cancel it. I was like, all right. Uh So then I was like texting my dad. I was like, all right, I can come there now and he was like yeah for sure and then like yesterday he calls me he's like so I don't know about this anymore so um probably my girlfriend's from the area down here so we're probably gonna go visit her mom and then her dad or something like that because they're also kind of separated in the same situation so I'll still end up getting you know thanksgiving dinner but a lot different than what I've
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: had best. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: sorry to hear that. Um Yeah I don't know what we're gonna do. Uh I love it, it's my favorite holiday like I love thanksgiving morning everything but you know I don't want to get sick over having having some turkey you know so that's that's tough we're still figuring it out um If it stays warm maybe we'll try and do something that backyard but I mean come on it's november december, that's not really really yeah so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: yeah I guess
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: we'll.
SPEAKER_L: kind of my my dad was talking about like him because he's got a girlfriend and she's got a son and then I have a sister as well who lives in Chicago so they're all in Chicago but they were thinking it's probably they're probably not even gonna invite like any of the kids over or anything just to not risk it at all. And they were like, my dad was saying something about like a drive through thanksgiving where they still make the food because my dad he's like a great chef and so he likes to cook and all that, so he was like maybe we'll just make it and like you guys come pick it up or something and he's got like one of the few houses in Chicago that's got like a backyard and like a front yard kind of. So he was like because he has like a picnic table in his backyard, he's like you become stop by and eat at the picnic table. I don't know if all that would be worth, you know the two hour drive on top of stressing over everything else. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a gamble. Um Yes this is this is this is a tough one. Um But I think you're in a worse position because you're at school and like you got to trust like the rest of the student body to do what they're supposed to do and I mean you know it's hard. I remember I was in college and I did a bunch of knuckleheads things not on purpose, I was just a knucklehead so uh I can only imagine. Um So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh At the beginning of the semester um I don't know, it was in the news a lot where our school is actually like, I think they were in the new york times and like a couple other like bigger newspapers and stuff like that because there's like this one apartment complex that's down here that it's like notorious for having like all of the like rich kids who can like basically just get away with whatever and they had a, they like had some famous Youtubers who came down and they threw like a 500 person party there. And so and like it didn't, it didn't really get broken up or anything, it was like right at the beginning of the semester, but then like obviously there was like videos and stuff with people there that got out. And so I mean a couple 100 cases came from there and say plus uh
SPEAKER_R: Damn.
SPEAKER_L: like ultimately um the people who like some of the people whose apartments they were in, they got fined by like the leasing companies and then a bunch of people, maybe one or 200 people who they could like identified through the videos, They ended up getting like on probation, academic probation or whatever with the school. So there are some, some, some people, and then like a couple of weekends ago I was driving around, like I went out to get food and I was driving back and it was like, what was supposed to be the homecoming weekend for our school? And so everywhere I went, I was like, it was like 12 or one in the afternoon, everywhere I went, there was like parties just lined up and down the street. I was like, you are all dumb. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah, I mean here in new york they're saying like oh young kids can fight it, it's like no young kids shouldn't volunteer to get it. Um That's not that's not
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: how this
SPEAKER_L: might
SPEAKER_R: works,
SPEAKER_L: be able to fight it, but that doesn't mean that you should be.
SPEAKER_R: right? Right. I mean just it's tough like you don't you don't know what you don't know and yeah, so you can only be as cautious as you can and you know, next year we may look at this and say we handled it poorly or you know, we we did a good job so only time will tell um um What else um How'd you uh So do you do any other um I guess I don't know what you call these like prolific um You know serve paid surveys. Do you have any others that you do? I'm just I'm trying to build up my my cachet.
SPEAKER_L: I only really, I just got into like kind of doing them maybe a week or two ago. So I've been using prolific mostly and then I do a swag bucks do that one. And I think I've I've signed up for other ones, but I just haven't really used them. I think I've just kind of looked at them and I'm pretty like, I'm very satisfied with prolific, I'd say. Uh But other than that, I don't really use much else.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you do you like swag bucks or you just haven't really gotten into it?
SPEAKER_L: I use it. I don't know, I like prolific board, but I think swag books has a lot more like offers, like things you can do things that you like consistently keep busy with because prolific, you're kind of like after a point, you're just kind of waiting on something to pop up. So like, I like prolific though with like, because I'm like at my computer with my classes and everything anyways, So like, if something will pop up, I'll just like do that really quick in the middle class or whatever. Like two minute survey. I'll be like just nodding in class. I mean all of my classes, they don't require you to have your camera on and it's very little participation, I'd say with like the current format of the zoom classes. I don't know if that's because people are still getting used to them or just it's just like, I mean, it's probably a lot more difficult to get that participation anyways, but I'd say a lot less is required of me with that. Um So like, I can afford to kind of click off
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Um
SPEAKER_L: plus the fact that 90% of the lectures are either recorded or like the power points or whatever. It's on our just posted online anyways, after the facts. If I do end up missing something, I can always go back and check what that was or look
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: I guess
SPEAKER_L: at it.
SPEAKER_R: they do they have does your school have you do like um like blackboard assignments? Like you have to write a submission participation? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So they have like their own kind of website and they don't go through blackboard but it's very similar. I've used blackboard, one of my other schools and it's very similar. I mean pretty much all of the assignments are online anyways at this point I did have one class um where they wanted us to print off every paper for the homework and then right out like the answer is that right out over it, can take a picture of it and then upload it. I didn't like it was I
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: it kind of it kind of made sense because it was is a math class. So like I kind of understand it but at the same time it's
SPEAKER_R: It's a lot,
SPEAKER_L: a lot of like extra steps and extra work just to like kind of make it seem normal I guess even though everyone knows it's not yeah that you should. The professor is also very strict about like grading and about like doing everything step by step and having
SPEAKER_R: showing
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: your work and
SPEAKER_L: having everything properly done as well. Like not even like I know one of the exams for that class, I ended up putting like X twice instead of X one and X. Two or something like that. And she gave me half credit for the problem or something like that. So I was like all right like I got the work right? I got the answer right? I just had the miss that like one part and that was enough for me to lose half the credit for it. So I
SPEAKER_R: almost
SPEAKER_L: was not a fan of that.
SPEAKER_R: no kind of completely sympathize. I don't miss that at all, man. That's rough. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_L: yo
SPEAKER_R: for work, cause you know my boss
SPEAKER_L: yo
SPEAKER_R: is pretty cool with that. He'll say if you wanted, if you want to show your camera, go for it. Um It'd be nice to know if you guys are alive, but you do you
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: want to do? So that's cool. But I know for other people like my wife like they want to see people that's how they keep attendance, so.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say I can imagine like it does kind of give you like a sense of normalcy and like the feeling that not everything's changed these people are still these people and you know, you're still working with the same people and it's like you're working on that, but at the same time it's like some people are like, I just got out of bed, I'm tired or whatever. Or
SPEAKER_R: That's a little
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: aggressive.
SPEAKER_L: if you're eating or something like that, you don't want to be eating on the camera. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no. Uh So it's a there's a new new set of rules and etiquette. Probably we're going to get it coming out of this. Oh, all right, that's cool. I mean you know I guess you could probably encourage you to apply to jobs that are remote, or there might be more jobs that come up at our remote and that you can kind of do from anywhere which is which is great, especially if you like to travel or not. Um So rather good is gonna come out of this hopefully. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know because I'm like, I'm at the point because I did just like switch my major like you're a semester two ago. So like I'm at the point where it's almost too late for me to get an internship, but I'm like, I'm supposed to have one for my major. And so it's like a lot of my internships were canceling with Covid, they're saying we're not taking any interns anymore, we don't want you here, like everyone would be at risk at that point, like it was like a little more so we don't want to risk that. And so that was like at the beginning kind of at the beginning of semester, I was seeing a lot of that and then like now more. So I'm seeing a lot of people who are like, we'll do an internship but it'll be remote and stuff like that. And so I've been applying to internships and I'm waiting to hear back because a lot of them, it's it's an interesting process right now because one of them that I did, it was uh they, you had to fill out whatever and then submit your resume and everything with it. And then they got back to me and they were like, hey, they go to the link within a week and do this video interview and it was a very weird like experience, I don't know, you couldn't go back at all. So as you get one shot at it, which I mean I understand it and I kind of like it that way. So it's like a more genuine I guess approach to it. You can't like kind of cheat to get your perfect answers. It's, it's more realistic I guess,
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it a person or is it like video problems
SPEAKER_L: it is video prompts, which
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: is what I didn't like. So it's like, it'll be a video of a, like a cartoon person or whatever and they're like, they ask you the question and then it gives you like a minute to think about it and then like a minute or two minutes or however long it should take to answer it and it goes on in the next question, and it just keeps doing that. Yeah. And I ended up like, on one of them, I was trying to reference um like, a club that I'm I'm participating in, and I was trying to reference that as part of one of the questions, and I completely blanked on the name of it, and I just kind of like, sat there for like a minute, and then I was just like, I cannot remember. And then, like, a couple questions later is like, is there anything you'd like us to know? And at that point I had remembered it, so I was like, okay, this is the name of it, but sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh man that wow, so you're like talking into a camera, you kind of don't know who's, wow, that's never that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Is uh definitely a learning experience. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but whether the questions, I guess we're standard of an interview.
SPEAKER_L: They seemed like pretty normal and standard and all that. There's nothing like, too weird. I think one of the questions obviously might have been like, concerns around covid or like something related to that, but other than like that, everything else was pretty normal, I'd say question als
SPEAKER_R: Well um I mean I'm glad, I'm glad you're getting you're getting after it trying to figure it out and adapt this is this could either like kind of set you back or you know you just figure a way to to move forward so that's cool. Um where your where your majors all um I. T. Related or like you came cybersecurity from, I don't know, project management or something,
SPEAKER_L: initially I went so initially out of high school I went to texas tech University or my major was computer science, but I was only there for like a semester and I was kind of thinking, I was like, I don't know if this is the right major, I don't know if I want to stay here. And so I came back to Illinois after semester and I went to a community college for about a year and a half I think. And I was doing criminal justice administration, um because I was like, maybe able to, maybe I'll be a police officer or something like that. And I just, I mean with the climate of everything related to that, I was like, that's probably not a good idea. Um you know, I, I know like, personally like my mind at least right now is in the right place and I don't know if being in that position would corrupt me or like do something bad to me. I don't know, I don't think it would, but I was like, I don't know, I don't want that, like kind of those like labels on me, you know? And so I got here and I kept that major for the first semester here at Illinois state. And then I started when I was like, I don't really want to do this. And so I switched to cybersecurity, but at that point I've already got enough credits to have a minor in criminal justice, so it wasn't a complete waste. Um but it just kind of set me back a little bit, I'd say, but because technically I think I was supposed to graduate this past spring when I, if I was on the traditional four year college plan, right? So I'm a little bit behind, but I'll
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I know people that took literally six years to finish on the ground and then they still don't have their life together so seriously don't even, you know, worry about that. Um What's good is that you can kind of blend the two as far as the cyber security and and the law enforcement or criminal justice I should say um if you wanted to and if you didn't everybody needs needs help with with cyber security um but uh yeah, I mean that experience is important for you to get so you can get into a real job, but I think you're fine, man, you don't have to I mean you're hard on yourself, which is good, but you know, I don't think you're like behind the april believe any other kids have it way worse and imagine if you were actually on time coming out into this, you know, it's a cluster, you don't know what's going
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: know because I mean initially since I was supposed to graduate with that class, I know like all of my friends from high school and you know, a lot of people that I met in my, like when I was at texas tech for that semester, a lot of the friends that I met there, they're all graduated now and I know a lot of them are like struggling. And so like even my uh, I guess my dad, my dad's girlfriend's son, he just graduated in the spring as well and he had an english major and so he's not really doing much right now. But what he, all his, his current employment is he just delivers for Postmates like full time. And then on this as his like side thing, he just like edits papers on some like website because he's at least like to put his major to use in that sense. But you just he's just kind of scraping by with like that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's tough. Um Yeah, surprised he hasn't tried to do like uh like being a paralegal, I like law firms, they love english majors. Um Man, that's that's rough. Yeah, I think I think you kind of made it there. Um Yo you'll get it together, I'm I'm convinced. Um I think that's all I know, is that the time?
SPEAKER_L: it looks like it.
SPEAKER_R: Let me see.
SPEAKER_L: My timer is gone but uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so.
SPEAKER_L: it's 26
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I think we
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: both
SPEAKER_R: walking,
SPEAKER_L: got in here. Oh yeah. True.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Ok. Yeah, that makes sense. All right. Well, I mean jake it was a pleasure. Um
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: Good luck to you with the rest of your with the rest of your school year. Be safe obviously. And you know, I hope you get some of those uh those leftovers for for thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_L: you. I hope you have a have a happy thanksgiving and the rest of your life I guess. Thank
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You to be well, be safe. Good luck and everything.
SPEAKER_L: you. You too.
SPEAKER_R: Bye bye.