Mhm. Mhm. Come on.
What
are you doing?
I'm doing all right. Just woke up like 10 minutes ago.
My name is Jake. I was your name?
David. Nice to meet you.
I have not. I tried to do one last week and the other person just didn't show up, so glad you showed up.
Yeah. Have you got one before?
Yeah, I'm I'm in Illinois. I'm not in Chicago where it's bad. I go to school here in Illinois state, so it's not too bad. There are a bunch of dumb college kids down here though, so there have been a couple like outbreaks or like scares, I guess. Yeah,
But uh
I'm
on campus, but all the classes are online. Um Some of them, like when the semester started, they were like half and half for like, half the class might go on like monday and then the other half goes on Wednesday, stuff like that. But at this point everything is just completely online. And I think that's the plan for like next Mr as well and the future as you know I guess. Yeah,
I'm
So yeah I'm like I think next semester I'll be a senior so I'm like kind of weird, like not the my semesters aren't lined up with my year I guess technically, but I've changed my major two times and then also got into three different schools so that doesn't really help with getting it done quickly but
getting
there.
Yeah, I'm making it though.
so I mean personally I'm I'm a cybersecurity major so a lot of what I do anyways is like computer based so in that sense for me it's easier. But then like my girlfriend is she's a theater major so like it just doesn't work for her really and like I know like my roommate, he's education majors so like he's supposed to be student teaching next semester and he was gonna do that, like he was going to study abroad to do that actually like Spain or something or somewhere over in europe. And so like his entire plan is kind of messed up right now and he doesn't even know how they're going to like if he's going to student teach on like online or what, but I think it just depends on the major. Mostly. I think I'm in probably the best situation. Not if anyone I know though for that.
It's not going away anytime soon.
Um So well, so Illinois state is basically a halfway between Chicago and ST louis. It's like right in the middle of Illinois and the university is more, it's closer to Chicago, it's like in the suburbs up there, so it's like 22 showers. The way I grew up kind of near there. I grew up in the suburbs. So I saw like, I was just like in that area for most of my life.
Right now it's getting pretty cold up there and I'm gonna get worse. Yeah,
it's cold here. It's not, there's no rain or anything. I looked at my phone, I don't know if you have like an iphone, but like the way that they updated it so you can get like the different like widgets or whatever on your home screen. You know, I had like the weather one on my home screen and I was going to sleep last night and I glanced at it and I saw was like 30 degrees and it said there was like a chance of snow. And I was like, I hope not. It's too early for that right now. I'm not trying to have to deal with.
I was planning on going back home. My parents are separated. So usually we'll all like go to my mom's and her family for the like in the morning or like an early dinner or something like that. And I'll go to my dad's and like, do that later. And so this year the plan because my mom and like, her side are all kind of high risk for Covid. So like initially the plan was to go there, it would just be like, me and her and her boyfriend and his mom was basically going to be it. And then three days ago, she was like, he's like, they weren't like too comfortable with it, so they're gonna have to cancel it. I was like, all right. Uh So then I was like texting my dad. I was like, all right, I can come there now and he was like yeah for sure and then like yesterday he calls me he's like so I don't know about this anymore so um probably my girlfriend's from the area down here so we're probably gonna go visit her mom and then her dad or something like that because they're also kind of separated in the same situation so I'll still end up getting you know thanksgiving dinner but a lot different than what I've
had best. Yeah.
it's
the
kind of my my dad was talking about like him because he's got a girlfriend and she's got a son and then I have a sister as well who lives in Chicago so they're all in Chicago but they were thinking it's probably they're probably not even gonna invite like any of the kids over or anything just to not risk it at all. And they were like, my dad was saying something about like a drive through thanksgiving where they still make the food because my dad he's like a great chef and so he likes to cook and all that, so he was like maybe we'll just make it and like you guys come pick it up or something and he's got like one of the few houses in Chicago that's got like a backyard and like a front yard kind of. So he was like because he has like a picnic table in his backyard, he's like you become stop by and eat at the picnic table. I don't know if all that would be worth, you know the two hour drive on top of stressing over everything else. Yeah.
Uh At the beginning of the semester um I don't know, it was in the news a lot where our school is actually like, I think they were in the new york times and like a couple other like bigger newspapers and stuff like that because there's like this one apartment complex that's down here that it's like notorious for having like all of the like rich kids who can like basically just get away with whatever and they had a, they like had some famous Youtubers who came down and they threw like a 500 person party there. And so and like it didn't, it didn't really get broken up or anything, it was like right at the beginning of the semester, but then like obviously there was like videos and stuff with people there that got out. And so I mean a couple 100 cases came from there and say plus uh
like ultimately um the people who like some of the people whose apartments they were in, they got fined by like the leasing companies and then a bunch of people, maybe one or 200 people who they could like identified through the videos, They ended up getting like on probation, academic probation or whatever with the school. So there are some, some, some people, and then like a couple of weekends ago I was driving around, like I went out to get food and I was driving back and it was like, what was supposed to be the homecoming weekend for our school? And so everywhere I went, I was like, it was like 12 or one in the afternoon, everywhere I went, there was like parties just lined up and down the street. I was like, you are all dumb. Yeah,
you
might
be able to fight it, but that doesn't mean that you should be.
I only really, I just got into like kind of doing them maybe a week or two ago. So I've been using prolific mostly and then I do a swag bucks do that one. And I think I've I've signed up for other ones, but I just haven't really used them. I think I've just kind of looked at them and I'm pretty like, I'm very satisfied with prolific, I'd say. Uh But other than that, I don't really use much else.
I use it. I don't know, I like prolific board, but I think swag books has a lot more like offers, like things you can do things that you like consistently keep busy with because prolific, you're kind of like after a point, you're just kind of waiting on something to pop up. So like, I like prolific though with like, because I'm like at my computer with my classes and everything anyways, So like, if something will pop up, I'll just like do that really quick in the middle class or whatever. Like two minute survey. I'll be like just nodding in class. I mean all of my classes, they don't require you to have your camera on and it's very little participation, I'd say with like the current format of the zoom classes. I don't know if that's because people are still getting used to them or just it's just like, I mean, it's probably a lot more difficult to get that participation anyways, but I'd say a lot less is required of me with that. Um So like, I can afford to kind of click off
plus the fact that 90% of the lectures are either recorded or like the power points or whatever. It's on our just posted online anyways, after the facts. If I do end up missing something, I can always go back and check what that was or look
back
at it.
So they have like their own kind of website and they don't go through blackboard but it's very similar. I've used blackboard, one of my other schools and it's very similar. I mean pretty much all of the assignments are online anyways at this point I did have one class um where they wanted us to print off every paper for the homework and then right out like the answer is that right out over it, can take a picture of it and then upload it. I didn't like it was I
mean
it kind of it kind of made sense because it was is a math class. So like I kind of understand it but at the same time it's
a lot of like extra steps and extra work just to like kind of make it seem normal I guess even though everyone knows it's not yeah that you should. The professor is also very strict about like grading and about like doing everything step by step and having
everything
having everything properly done as well. Like not even like I know one of the exams for that class, I ended up putting like X twice instead of X one and X. Two or something like that. And she gave me half credit for the problem or something like that. So I was like all right like I got the work right? I got the answer right? I just had the miss that like one part and that was enough for me to lose half the credit for it. So I
was not a fan of that.
that
yo
yo
that
I was gonna say I can imagine like it does kind of give you like a sense of normalcy and like the feeling that not everything's changed these people are still these people and you know, you're still working with the same people and it's like you're working on that, but at the same time it's like some people are like, I just got out of bed, I'm tired or whatever. Or
like
if you're eating or something like that, you don't want to be eating on the camera. I don't know.
I know because I'm like, I'm at the point because I did just like switch my major like you're a semester two ago. So like I'm at the point where it's almost too late for me to get an internship, but I'm like, I'm supposed to have one for my major. And so it's like a lot of my internships were canceling with Covid, they're saying we're not taking any interns anymore, we don't want you here, like everyone would be at risk at that point, like it was like a little more so we don't want to risk that. And so that was like at the beginning kind of at the beginning of semester, I was seeing a lot of that and then like now more. So I'm seeing a lot of people who are like, we'll do an internship but it'll be remote and stuff like that. And so I've been applying to internships and I'm waiting to hear back because a lot of them, it's it's an interesting process right now because one of them that I did, it was uh they, you had to fill out whatever and then submit your resume and everything with it. And then they got back to me and they were like, hey, they go to the link within a week and do this video interview and it was a very weird like experience, I don't know, you couldn't go back at all. So as you get one shot at it, which I mean I understand it and I kind of like it that way. So it's like a more genuine I guess approach to it. You can't like kind of cheat to get your perfect answers. It's, it's more realistic I guess,
but
it is video prompts, which
is what I didn't like. So it's like, it'll be a video of a, like a cartoon person or whatever and they're like, they ask you the question and then it gives you like a minute to think about it and then like a minute or two minutes or however long it should take to answer it and it goes on in the next question, and it just keeps doing that. Yeah. And I ended up like, on one of them, I was trying to reference um like, a club that I'm I'm participating in, and I was trying to reference that as part of one of the questions, and I completely blanked on the name of it, and I just kind of like, sat there for like a minute, and then I was just like, I cannot remember. And then, like, a couple questions later is like, is there anything you'd like us to know? And at that point I had remembered it, so I was like, okay, this is the name of it, but sorry about that.
Is uh definitely a learning experience. Yeah.
They seemed like pretty normal and standard and all that. There's nothing like, too weird. I think one of the questions obviously might have been like, concerns around covid or like something related to that, but other than like that, everything else was pretty normal, I'd say question als
initially I went so initially out of high school I went to texas tech University or my major was computer science, but I was only there for like a semester and I was kind of thinking, I was like, I don't know if this is the right major, I don't know if I want to stay here. And so I came back to Illinois after semester and I went to a community college for about a year and a half I think. And I was doing criminal justice administration, um because I was like, maybe able to, maybe I'll be a police officer or something like that. And I just, I mean with the climate of everything related to that, I was like, that's probably not a good idea. Um you know, I, I know like, personally like my mind at least right now is in the right place and I don't know if being in that position would corrupt me or like do something bad to me. I don't know, I don't think it would, but I was like, I don't know, I don't want that, like kind of those like labels on me, you know? And so I got here and I kept that major for the first semester here at Illinois state. And then I started when I was like, I don't really want to do this. And so I switched to cybersecurity, but at that point I've already got enough credits to have a minor in criminal justice, so it wasn't a complete waste. Um but it just kind of set me back a little bit, I'd say, but because technically I think I was supposed to graduate this past spring when I, if I was on the traditional four year college plan, right? So I'm a little bit behind, but I'll
make
it.
For
I
know because I mean initially since I was supposed to graduate with that class, I know like all of my friends from high school and you know, a lot of people that I met in my, like when I was at texas tech for that semester, a lot of the friends that I met there, they're all graduated now and I know a lot of them are like struggling. And so like even my uh, I guess my dad, my dad's girlfriend's son, he just graduated in the spring as well and he had an english major and so he's not really doing much right now. But what he, all his, his current employment is he just delivers for Postmates like full time. And then on this as his like side thing, he just like edits papers on some like website because he's at least like to put his major to use in that sense. But you just he's just kind of scraping by with like that stuff.
it looks like it.
My timer is gone but uh
it's 26
I think we
both
got in here. Oh yeah. True.
Thank
you. I hope you have a have a happy thanksgiving and the rest of your life I guess. Thank
you. You too.