Good
morning,
I'm good, how are you?
Yeah, same here, brother Sam here.
I'm daniel. How you doing
pleasure, pleasure to have you done these before?
You got you got paid though?
um I did one last week and uh I had overslept for one prior uh Yeah, so I'm one for one right now, one for two, I should say. Uh Yeah, wasn't bad. Um Yeah man, um I guess uh I'm daniel. Um I'm in long island new york uh married with a child, just uh just trying to survive the pandemic. That's about it,
studying.
So you go to campus, but then
you go to class.
that's uh pretty wild times. Um What what year are you and
you don't mind me asking? Yeah, Okay,
in the credits
to move
over.
Good man. Listen, that's all you can do. Um how do you find that schools easier that it's remote or I guess it depends the kind of learning you are? I don't know.
Right right, wow, okay, that's cool. You said cybersecurity, I'm actually a business analyst. Um Yeah not security but in the finance sector, so that's cool, I'm security, that's gonna be big or that is big I should say.
no I mean I'm getting a letter in the mail every day from you know whatever company I have membership was saying they've been hacked and I gotta get an experience uh credit monitoring service or whatever. Yeah. Um Alright, that's cool. Um What so Illinois state? Where are you in relation to Elmo university? Like fighting a lina?
Um Then I went to I went to Syracuse. Uh Yeah Chicago is cool, I have a good buddy of mine in Milwaukee um We have family in Chicago. Um I like it in the summer, it's not any other time. Yeah
it's uh it's 16 rainy uh in new york so I don't know what's going on out here.
I don't miss that at all. Um So now what do you do for thanksgiving? Do you do you go back home or do you stay on campus?
no
sorry to hear that. Um Yeah I don't know what we're gonna do. Uh I love it, it's my favorite holiday like I love thanksgiving morning everything but you know I don't want to get sick over having having some turkey you know so that's that's tough we're still figuring it out um If it stays warm maybe we'll try and do something that backyard but I mean come on it's november december, that's not really really yeah so
yeah I guess
we'll.
it's a gamble. Um Yes this is this is this is a tough one. Um But I think you're in a worse position because you're at school and like you got to trust like the rest of the student body to do what they're supposed to do and I mean you know it's hard. I remember I was in college and I did a bunch of knuckleheads things not on purpose, I was just a knucklehead so uh I can only imagine. Um So yeah.
Damn.
um Yeah, I mean here in new york they're saying like oh young kids can fight it, it's like no young kids shouldn't volunteer to get it. Um That's not that's not
how this
works,
right? Right. I mean just it's tough like you don't you don't know what you don't know and yeah, so you can only be as cautious as you can and you know, next year we may look at this and say we handled it poorly or you know, we we did a good job so only time will tell um um What else um How'd you uh So do you do any other um I guess I don't know what you call these like prolific um You know serve paid surveys. Do you have any others that you do? I'm just I'm trying to build up my my cachet.
Okay. Do you do you like swag bucks or you just haven't really gotten into it?
Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Um
Well
I guess
they do they have does your school have you do like um like blackboard assignments? Like you have to write a submission participation? Okay.
That's
all.
It's a lot,
showing
your work and
almost
no kind of completely sympathize. I don't miss that at all, man. That's rough. Uh huh.
Yeah, I mean
for work, cause you know my boss
is pretty cool with that. He'll say if you wanted, if you want to show your camera, go for it. Um It'd be nice to know if you guys are alive, but you do you
want to do? So that's cool. But I know for other people like my wife like they want to see people that's how they keep attendance, so.
That's a little
aggressive.
Yeah. No, no. Uh So it's a there's a new new set of rules and etiquette. Probably we're going to get it coming out of this. Oh, all right, that's cool. I mean you know I guess you could probably encourage you to apply to jobs that are remote, or there might be more jobs that come up at our remote and that you can kind of do from anywhere which is which is great, especially if you like to travel or not. Um So rather good is gonna come out of this hopefully. Mhm. Yeah.
is
it a person or is it like video problems
are
Oh man that wow, so you're like talking into a camera, you kind of don't know who's, wow, that's never that's interesting.
Yeah, but whether the questions, I guess we're standard of an interview.
Well um I mean I'm glad, I'm glad you're getting you're getting after it trying to figure it out and adapt this is this could either like kind of set you back or you know you just figure a way to to move forward so that's cool. Um where your where your majors all um I. T. Related or like you came cybersecurity from, I don't know, project management or something,
I
mean
I know people that took literally six years to finish on the ground and then they still don't have their life together so seriously don't even, you know, worry about that. Um What's good is that you can kind of blend the two as far as the cyber security and and the law enforcement or criminal justice I should say um if you wanted to and if you didn't everybody needs needs help with with cyber security um but uh yeah, I mean that experience is important for you to get so you can get into a real job, but I think you're fine, man, you don't have to I mean you're hard on yourself, which is good, but you know, I don't think you're like behind the april believe any other kids have it way worse and imagine if you were actually on time coming out into this, you know, it's a cluster, you don't know what's going
on. Yeah,
so,
Yeah, that's tough. Um Yeah, surprised he hasn't tried to do like uh like being a paralegal, I like law firms, they love english majors. Um Man, that's that's rough. Yeah, I think I think you kind of made it there. Um Yo you'll get it together, I'm I'm convinced. Um I think that's all I know, is that the time?
Let me see.
Yeah, I think so.
All
you're
walking,
yeah. Ok. Yeah, that makes sense. All right. Well, I mean jake it was a pleasure. Um
Good luck to you with the rest of your with the rest of your school year. Be safe obviously. And you know, I hope you get some of those uh those leftovers for for thanksgiving.
Yeah. You to be well, be safe. Good luck and everything.
Bye bye.