SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Okay. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hey, So you're just getting set up here?
SPEAKER_L: no problem
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Mhm Oh Mhm Okay. You can see me Okay. Mhm Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Hey, uh I think so. That's better some days, technology works with me. Some days, not so much
SPEAKER_L: Well if my closing this helps a little
SPEAKER_R: b
SPEAKER_L: bit I think I'm good. Okay that'll work.
SPEAKER_R: okay. But yeah. Yeah. Well, so high prestige
SPEAKER_L: I'm Andrew.
SPEAKER_R: and do nice to meet you. Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Oh well welcome. I've done like, I think two or three of these before. Um
SPEAKER_L: when it snowed up you know 17 bucks first in our work. Sounds good to me.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Like for talking to people, I'm going to talk to people anyway. Why not?
SPEAKER_L: We'll talk
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um so where are you located in this world?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how specific I should get. I'm located in Illinois
SPEAKER_R: okay. I'm in Salem Oregon. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Um I had a question the first time. I was like, I don't know, is this somebody that's in a lab talking to me or is a real person? I am a real person and the people have talked to her, real people. So atom
SPEAKER_L: I'm well as far as I can tell.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, exactly. Um so Illinois. What's the weather like there right now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh weather right now is really good. I mean it's like 70 degrees which is you know where for october or anything you know but
SPEAKER_R: that's,
SPEAKER_L: it's sort weather again which is not usually what it is around here but you know I'll take it
SPEAKER_R: definitely. We just had rain all morning today. I don't know if you've seen on the news, but there's just all the fires on the West Coast.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I didn't want to press too much if we were in a bad situation or anything but you know mm hope you're doing all height of
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: all the fires there in Oregon and Washington I think.
SPEAKER_R: damn. Thank you. Yeah, the firefighters are doing a good job of getting that all contained so we're safe and everything. But um, there was quite a while where the smoke was so bad that I was getting nosebleeds and sure ill unhealthy for people. So I ended up actually like leaving and going to see some friends out of state for a couple of weeks. Just uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: he's
SPEAKER_R: the brush
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: in here.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if he's still there now but my cousin lives in Oregon
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, it's what part?
SPEAKER_L: Portland I think
SPEAKER_R: Love port.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if he's still is he still living there now? But you know she was at least you know in the uh recent past I think he's still living there. Yeah. Whoops. We'll be back maybe I hope at least. Mhm. Have an internet of shoes.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Mm awesome.
SPEAKER_L: if I was having issues on my end or something like I have. Yes he was with my internet sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: apologize vitamin me. Okay. Uh, so yeah, today, uh, so the fires are getting contained, things are slowly getting back to normal is for the people who, you know their houses have been burned down. Mhm. It's a crazy year.
SPEAKER_L: it's been a tough one.
SPEAKER_R: it's true. So what we've been doing with your saturday today?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I just got back from doing some geo casting which I enjoy
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: doing.
SPEAKER_R: neat. I've never done that before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a good hobby they have especially if it gets me out of the house sometimes especially on days like these
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: you know it's nice but I only found I only found one out of three which isn't great but you know still
SPEAKER_R: So do you go to like in this city or is that like you go out on hikes or where?
SPEAKER_L: it can be it can be either in this case it was up there was one up in a park near me, you know? And then there was there were two in parks and one along the side of the this road you know that I went after. But you can go you can go to the city if you want to or anything like you know, I I had a I had a really good time. My my dad and me went went on the train down to Chicago. You know, a lot to uh uh to go find some cast is you know the city proper. And you know, it was it was a really really good time. They had this they had this one that was much, sometimes it's just you go to a place and find you know a pill bottle under a lamppost. But this one
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: they had this really good one in Chicago where you had to find like pictograph clues to like, you know uh uh stores in like, you know, shopping malls and stuff. And it was it was really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't like it. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. You like your passing? Um That's why I like to do for fun.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God, I don't do. Um I I listen to a lot of music, you know? But and I we eat a lot, you know, I don't have uh maybe maybe the algorithm sort of picked you someone who is more interesting to talk to.
SPEAKER_R: get very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Welcome.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do for uh as far as hobbies go?
SPEAKER_R: Sure. Well um currently might I have a hobby doing sewing. Um I started making covid masks, like, you know, a bunch of people have um I really kind of taken to it and uh on the day it seemed to be pretty good at it. So I've taken that and I'm starting to make other things like bags and um you know, seeing where that
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: takes
SPEAKER_L: mom's,
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: my mom's the solar in the family, not me.
SPEAKER_R: Does she? What does she make?
SPEAKER_L: Right? Uh she's a big quilter. Do you see logs or quilts, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think that would drive me nuts. It's very tedious, but they're beautiful when they're done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess she always been just told me at some point that, you know, I have a bunch of t shirts that don't fit anymore. That we could actually maybe cut those up and like make them in like a patchwork gold or something at some point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: great idea.
SPEAKER_L: That might be cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Cycle at all. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: So he likes it anyway. I think one of the things that I think, you know uh will access her.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's soothing to, you know, create I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I wish I was more artistic than I am. But you know like my my most artistic things is like you know color in, you know, that's all calling books or something like that. I've never been, I've never been, my my brother was the one who like out classes in school and everything. You know, I've never been. It just isn't for me. I think,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can understand that. Um I've worked in
SPEAKER_L: I mean I have a bunch, I have a bunch of colored pencils on my desk but you know, I'm not really
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: good with that money. But it is it is relaxing sometimes, you know, even when you're not like, you know just filling in like you know uh, shapes and stuff, you know, But it can, it can call me down a little bit so do that from some, from time to time.
SPEAKER_R: It was true. I think the great thing about artists, you don't have to be good at it. You don't have to like uh necessarily be commercially successful. It doesn't matter what other people's opinions on there, like you just do it because it's fun and because you like the thing that you get out of it.
SPEAKER_L: I used to be and I still am when they're safe to go to around here. You know, I used to be really into ceramics. I like that a lot. You know, I have a, I have a couple of things I used to paint when I was uh, a kid in my room somewhere, you know, I used to like that, but they're not really, I don't think any of the ones are safe during this whole thing to go to right now. As far as kills and you know, all that stuff like that. I'd like to get back into doing that because that's something I was both enjoyed. It actually was kind of good at maybe,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: for anything, You know, it was one of the few are things like, I've never been much of a drawer, you know, or a painter or anything, you know, that's my brother's stuff for the most part. You know, he doesn't really do it anymore. But you know, he was he was his things that he drew actually looked like the things they were supposed to be. You know, if you asked him to draw a cat, it looked like a cat. If you asked me to draw a cat, it looked like some sort of like abomination.
SPEAKER_R: I can relate to that. I don't draw very well. Um but I got like, and it's something that's kind of bothered me, like always, it's like always like um jealous of people who can drop like if you just look at something and you like you said it's if it's a cat it's supposed to look like cat and it's a cat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My brother still, I still he still has some drawings from when he was at college, you know, and doing our classes like they're objectively compared to like actual professional artists. They're not, but they're miles away from anything I could ever do. Like they actually look like, you know, the cowards look like cars, you know, Or the cats look like cats. Those are two. I remember that he and at least he still has them somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: what's cool with enough patience and practice, you can improve. Um At least it kind of happened for me, I got an ipad a couple years ago and I started drawing on like procreate and it was a lot easier to start learning how to draw that way because you can just tap two fingers on your screen instead of having to get an eraser out or mess up your whole thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I could see that. Well,
SPEAKER_R: And I didn't think I'd
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: mom
SPEAKER_R: better,
SPEAKER_L: has a has an ipad, but I don't think she uses it for drawing mostly.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't think I'd get better, but I did um as time went on and I mean I'm certainly no, no professional, but if I try to make some, if I try to draw a cat, it at least looks like a cat were the most,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: well it looks like a broken stick figured out. Um Yeah, no um do you work outside the home or in the home or to a job?
SPEAKER_L: No. I work from home right now. You know, the prolific stuff. Give me one sec. I need to close my door. That's in case people actually, no, you know what I'm doing. So I know that the prolific stuff helps well. But I work for a, uh, an internet search engine, evaluation, you know, company, which is not, it's not a, they only give you a certain amount of hours, you know. But it pays pretty well. And like right now I'll stick with it until I wait for vaccines or stuff like that. You know, it's safe. It's safe to be in the home right now.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: know, as much as I can. I wish I could get more hours, you know, that's one of the reasons I started doing a prolific is to make a little bit extra for when, you know, you know, as gravy when I hit my hours and when there aren't, you know, jobs available when I don't, it will help fill in the, you know dry spells a little bit
SPEAKER_R: yeah and the great thing about this one is you can do it six times, so when you finish this, make sure you go back in and register for another one. Uh
SPEAKER_L: if they are available for.
SPEAKER_R: Right, yeah, when I've done it before, they like there are generally always spots available, so if it is something you enjoy and you like the money.
SPEAKER_L: I, I don't know exactly how we'll see about how the survey goes after that or anything. But you know, I, I like the stuff I've been doing on politics for the bones part. You know,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: I used to do like was it mturk or like micro cats and those were not really, they both were if I was going to do certain stuff like that, it would need to either a pay decently enough for the amount you're doing or be when it doesn't be interesting, you know, and like some of the times here, like even when they haven't paid that great have been like, you know, interesting like they did a webcam one recently where they had you like, they wanted to analyze your facial expressions. Um Well you looked at like works of fine art, you know, and that one probably didn't pay that much, but it was interesting, you know, doing it through like the micro cask site which I used to do a while. Like I made a couple $100. But I think if you did the math, it would have been something like 50 cents an hour or something like that. So that wasn't really a, a thing for
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: prolific at least. It's, you know, depends on the things, but you know, they're interesting and you know, I'm not doing it for this one, but you can't do them in the background, sort of all you're doing other stuff I've done that were like when I'm working for my actual job, I'll do a survey in the background that I can get like paid twice for the same, you know, minutes or hours of work, you know? So I like it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm with you. I like prolific, a lot better than like in Turkey and Turkey. It just waste your time and there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it depends on the stuff again, you know, if you do the like proof reading tasks or anything, you know, article writing stuff, um you probably can make a pretty decent amount. But you know, I, you know, don't like whiting. It's never been one of my song suits as far as things I enjoy doing, I'm pretty decent at it, but you know, I'm not, I don't like it,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. She said
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know? So that doesn't really seem like it would. I mean there's ways to do it. I think if you get the right thing, but it's it's one of those things I spent a lot of time filling out like screener questions and they reject you.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: of the things I like about politic as you answer all the for the most part I've been rejected. Like because the screen is like once I think, you know, as long as you fill out everything, the beginning, anything you get, you know, you can get with them. Turkey was like, you know, you spend five or 10 minutes answering a bunch of demographic practice and then they're like, oh no, sorry, they don't pay you for that. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think there's definitely something that are just scam, some that are trying to get your data um on mturk. I'm I think some of them are just just straight up scams.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I haven't I haven't seen really any for prolific at the
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: most part.
SPEAKER_R: no, they're they're good. I guess they scream them that are, I don't know that it's better quality. I I like that a lot of them are actually like academic studies that I feel like I'm helping with someone's research versus
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I like I like that too though. I don't know. I sometimes I probably should read the debriefings more. Sometimes I sometimes wonder like what exactly the study is about or anything, you know? I feel like as long as I answer honestly there, you know, they'll be happy with that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's on june so honestly look at what they need. Um But maybe I like to know some of the questions are unusual. I try to read the debriefing to see like what is it that you're really studying um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There's there's questions that always like so up on multiple ones, you know? Which is a a lot of them always have the where do you see yourself on a ladder with like ones when it comes to like, you know, can being the most successful and one being like the least successful. That so that question question shows up at like different ones by different academic things. I guess it's some sort of useful thing for people to do in general maybe or something. But I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense. Um I mean, I've done a lot of studies like when I was in college kind of similar, but it was before the days of prolific um but like socioeconomic status does tend to have um people like to look at that when they're looking at other, other studies as you know, one of the factors that affects various
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: things. So I think that's why we see that with a lot um and it's if you put it in a visual, where do you fall as a wrong on this ladder versus what is your socioeconomic status, like it doesn't make people
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: feel bad
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: that they
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: want to they want to try and they want to try and make it as as simple as possible if people you know, tend to skim through it or anything, you know? Which I don't but some people do. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. The only questions are,
SPEAKER_L: uh No, I'm trying. I'm sometimes not great at knowing how to keep conversations going,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: so this is an interesting thing, but let me see uh what did you study in college?
SPEAKER_R: Um I actually studied psychology and education. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I went to I had a psychology one on one classes for my degree, you know? I liked it a lot but it was one of those things where I liked it but I didn't I knew immediately that I didn't didn't want to major in it or anything. No offense to you or anything. It was it was just like it was more like I couldn't but it was it was interesting, you know? I made I made I made it in arts.
SPEAKER_R: In arts.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because it was it was supposedly the most transferrable degree so that when education gets safe and fixed again they said it would be the one you could easily it was a degree for someone who doesn't know what they want to get. As far as uh more education goes. There was a degree for someone who didn't know what they wanted to major in basically. I didn't know what I wanted to major but you know I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_R: You know, do you feel like it gave you a better sense of direction of what you want um kind of going forward, What's he finished?
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: not really. You know it was it was one of those things where it's useful to have especially for like putting on like a resume or anything. But it was more once I was doing it I planned you know to go into a political science you know to get like a four year political science degree. But I never that was before uh pandemic hit and all that stuff that sort of put things a little bit by the wayside at the moment I intend to maybe. But even that was like something I'm kind of interested in so it might be something I wouldn't mind exploring majoring in but I still you know I don't really know if that's something I wanted to be like you know get up four year degree or anything I like politics you know or something I have a passion for you know I volunteer you know and stuff like that but I don't know if it is do I want to work I always um I always use education a little bit as what you would use that degree for, especially if you're gonna go for like a four year one you know and I just didn't know did I wanna work in some sort of political thing or anything? And I was like, I'm not sure about that, you know, maybe, you know, I could see myself working behind the scenes, not like running for office or anything like polling, you know, or something like that, maybe, you know, I could I could see myself doing that, but I didn't know or anything necessarily, but the so I wasn't really so, you know, I loved my time in college, you know, it's probably the gave me direction in my life,
SPEAKER_R: posted.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Which was, I didn't really have, you know, before, and you know, so I I enjoyed that, I liked uh I like my theater classes, which is a lot of fun,
SPEAKER_R: All right. So
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely. Yeah. Um So were you in april like uh like stage performances I guess and you're theater classes?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I was in one, they had me, they had me y to play lit for class and they picked one of mine and I ended up acting in the one I performed it, you know, which was terrifying. But ended up actually being sort of fun,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: know, a little bit, we, I flubbed a line or two, you know, especially when they, when it uh, when um, when it started, you know, I wasn't sure, but after that I got into the swing of things, it was supposed to, I think it ended up being, it's somewhere between like five and 10 minutes, so it's not like a lot of stuff. I have no clue how actors can do, like entire plates. You know, anything like my dad, my dad's an amateur actor, you know, like he's been in a couple of productions, you know, around here and I don't know how I had enough trouble memorizing lines for 10 minutes. I have no idea how the hell you're supposed to do for like the Iceman cometh or anything that's like four hours or even two hours. Like he was in a production of a Few Good Men, you know? And I have no idea how anyone can remember that for that long. You know anything. So I I have it made me give a lot of, I understand a little bit more about theater, but it made me respect even bad place or anything because the amount of time and effort people put in is my hat's off to them.
SPEAKER_R: definitely, I agree, I I don't remember where it was, it's been a while, but I was watching some some interview with an actress um where I think she was a soap opera actress and she's saying like every day, just part of her routine, she gets on the treadmill and she's like doing her workout and she's got her script up there and she's like memorizing it um as she's doing her workout and she has to do this like every single day and like so she's memorizing several scenes every single day and just uh um performing that. I had no idea it was that intensive, so I found it it was really impressive. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mm I thought so. My dad
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: had me one lines with him for a little while for some of his stuff, you know? But uh, theater is another thing that's not really, you know, I wonder, I wonder how my theater professors doing that class now, you know, Because like a big part of that is you have to act in a play and you had to critique a play they did at the college. You know what? I'm wondering how they're doing that during this whole pandemic thing or anything, They're gonna critique it from, like, video recordings or something like that, because then you kinda you kinda get the uh you kind of miss something, I guess if you were doing that, I mean, the place they had this critique for that class was was terrible, but, you know, it was an inspired, kind of, terrible. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and it's kind of a fascinating
SPEAKER_L: You know, like it was
SPEAKER_R: time because we're kind of transitioning from that, you know the way that we're used to doing it to um really we're just I think we're gonna see a lot more online performances. Um I know a lot of people are building up, I mean the legitimate studios in their home. Uh I mean I think we're going to see a lot more of that. I think we're gonna kind of transition to the next uh maybe next phase and entertainment combining with technology.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think, I don't think there's one sort of silver lining to this thing, which is not, you know, make up for any of the awful stuff that happened. Is that a lot of people, I think I realized that a huge amount of jobs and things that you needed to do outside, that they said you needed to do outside of the house, you don't really need to do outside of the house,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I agree with
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And I think that even after assuming you get a safe vaccine and things, I still think of not a huge amount, but a decent chunk of the people who work from home are still going to keep working from home. I think even when it's safe to go back out because you really don't need to, you know, go out there and in a lot of ways you're probably more productive. I mean some things you need to like collaborate I think would be easier to do like, you know, in person and all that stuff. But
SPEAKER_R: And that makes sense. I mean they've done studies on that, so it really just comes down to individual preference and the kind of work it is. Some people um like I like working from home, I like having just the quiet space around me, I'm able to function and focus better. But some people really they can't do that or they get distracted when they're at home so they're better off and they enjoy working as a part of a team like in person. So I mean I guess it's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: dad,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: my dad had this thing where he's uh, he's a teacher, you know, and he um doesn't like refused to do like zoom, you know, uh, meetings as far as like teaching or anything. Cause he just, he didn't want to, he likes interacting with like, you know, the Children, you know, and all that stuff. He didn't really think that, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's hard.
SPEAKER_L: and I tried to tell him that maybe he sort of tried to get over that a little bit because it was a little bit of like money coming in would be, you know, helpful or anything. But I can't really, he likes the, you know, physical in the accent, you know, I guess. And that's not something I would think that teaching would be one of those things that would be a little, that would of jobs would be somewhat better to do, maybe, you know, through video conferencing. But he doesn't like it like that. So, you know, it comes, it comes down like preference I suppose.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. I have a friend who is a music teacher at an elementary school music teacher and for him like it's not practical for that to happen online because how are you supposed to teach 25 kids and have them play instruments and things, you know from their home? I mean that's just it's that doesn't really translate um the same in in a zoom conference type situation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. My my my dad the substitute teachers, I don't know what it teaches like specifically or anything you know? But
SPEAKER_R: I can understand that. Um Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're at 25 minutes. I mean we can keep talking. I don't mind talking if you want to for a little while if you if you don't pay you any more for the extra talking. But you know
SPEAKER_R: Um Well to be honest
SPEAKER_L: so if you
SPEAKER_R: I actually haven't eaten anything today so I need to go get some food. Um But
SPEAKER_L: since you've done these before um what do you do next? You just close this window and just go on and go on to the all the cabinets open and then it just was there a button you hit or?
SPEAKER_R: So I I wait and leave this one open and then I go back to the last tab and then there's like a next button and then it's gonna ask you a few questions about like how the call went and how you felt about it. Um And I just I like waiting till the end and then closing this window. Um But I mean it's personal preference but yeah it's just a couple of more minutes from here but it was nice chatting with you. Um
SPEAKER_L: it was nice challenge. This was bless weird and awkward
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: than I thought it would have. You
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: know. Okay well I'm gonna go I'll leave the window open but I'm gonna go uh the uh question things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right. I hope you have a good rest of your day hey.
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: you two to stay safe if there's still issues and air quality stuff and all that.
SPEAKER_R: definitely definitely. All right we'll go have a good one. But