Hi
no problem
mm.
Well if my closing this helps a little
bit I think I'm good. Okay that'll work.
I'm Andrew.
No
when it snowed up you know 17 bucks first in our work. Sounds good to me.
We'll talk
I don't know how specific I should get. I'm located in Illinois
Well
I'm well as far as I can tell.
Oh weather right now is really good. I mean it's like 70 degrees which is you know where for october or anything you know but
it's sort weather again which is not usually what it is around here but you know I'll take it
yeah I didn't want to press too much if we were in a bad situation or anything but you know mm hope you're doing all height of
all the fires there in Oregon and Washington I think.
I don't know if
he's
still
I don't know if he's still there now but my cousin lives in Oregon
Portland I think
I don't know if he's still is he still living there now? But you know she was at least you know in the uh recent past I think he's still living there. Yeah. Whoops. We'll be back maybe I hope at least. Mhm. Have an internet of shoes.
if I was having issues on my end or something like I have. Yes he was with my internet sometimes.
it's been a tough one.
Oh um I just got back from doing some geo casting which I enjoy
doing.
Yeah it's a good hobby they have especially if it gets me out of the house sometimes especially on days like these
you know it's nice but I only found I only found one out of three which isn't great but you know still
it can be it can be either in this case it was up there was one up in a park near me, you know? And then there was there were two in parks and one along the side of the this road you know that I went after. But you can go you can go to the city if you want to or anything like you know, I I had a I had a really good time. My my dad and me went went on the train down to Chicago. You know, a lot to uh uh to go find some cast is you know the city proper. And you know, it was it was a really really good time. They had this they had this one that was much, sometimes it's just you go to a place and find you know a pill bottle under a lamppost. But this one
they had this really good one in Chicago where you had to find like pictograph clues to like, you know uh uh stores in like, you know, shopping malls and stuff. And it was it was really cool.
Oh God, I don't do. Um I I listen to a lot of music, you know? But and I we eat a lot, you know, I don't have uh maybe maybe the algorithm sort of picked you someone who is more interesting to talk to.
But yeah,
what do you do for uh as far as hobbies go?
My
mom's,
my mom's the solar in the family, not me.
Right? Uh she's a big quilter. Do you see logs or quilts, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. I guess she always been just told me at some point that, you know, I have a bunch of t shirts that don't fit anymore. That we could actually maybe cut those up and like make them in like a patchwork gold or something at some point.
You know?
That might be cool.
So he likes it anyway. I think one of the things that I think, you know uh will access her.
Yeah, I I wish I was more artistic than I am. But you know like my my most artistic things is like you know color in, you know, that's all calling books or something like that. I've never been, I've never been, my my brother was the one who like out classes in school and everything. You know, I've never been. It just isn't for me. I think,
I mean I have a bunch, I have a bunch of colored pencils on my desk but you know, I'm not really
good with that money. But it is it is relaxing sometimes, you know, even when you're not like, you know just filling in like you know uh, shapes and stuff, you know, But it can, it can call me down a little bit so do that from some, from time to time.
I used to be and I still am when they're safe to go to around here. You know, I used to be really into ceramics. I like that a lot. You know, I have a, I have a couple of things I used to paint when I was uh, a kid in my room somewhere, you know, I used to like that, but they're not really, I don't think any of the ones are safe during this whole thing to go to right now. As far as kills and you know, all that stuff like that. I'd like to get back into doing that because that's something I was both enjoyed. It actually was kind of good at maybe,
you know,
for anything, You know, it was one of the few are things like, I've never been much of a drawer, you know, or a painter or anything, you know, that's my brother's stuff for the most part. You know, he doesn't really do it anymore. But you know, he was he was his things that he drew actually looked like the things they were supposed to be. You know, if you asked him to draw a cat, it looked like a cat. If you asked me to draw a cat, it looked like some sort of like abomination.
Yeah. My brother still, I still he still has some drawings from when he was at college, you know, and doing our classes like they're objectively compared to like actual professional artists. They're not, but they're miles away from anything I could ever do. Like they actually look like, you know, the cowards look like cars, you know, Or the cats look like cats. Those are two. I remember that he and at least he still has them somewhere.
Yeah, I could see that. Well,
my
mom
has a has an ipad, but I don't think she uses it for drawing mostly.
I don't know.
No. I work from home right now. You know, the prolific stuff. Give me one sec. I need to close my door. That's in case people actually, no, you know what I'm doing. So I know that the prolific stuff helps well. But I work for a, uh, an internet search engine, evaluation, you know, company, which is not, it's not a, they only give you a certain amount of hours, you know. But it pays pretty well. And like right now I'll stick with it until I wait for vaccines or stuff like that. You know, it's safe. It's safe to be in the home right now.
You
know, as much as I can. I wish I could get more hours, you know, that's one of the reasons I started doing a prolific is to make a little bit extra for when, you know, you know, as gravy when I hit my hours and when there aren't, you know, jobs available when I don't, it will help fill in the, you know dry spells a little bit
if they are available for.
I, I don't know exactly how we'll see about how the survey goes after that or anything. But you know, I, I like the stuff I've been doing on politics for the bones part. You know,
I used to do like was it mturk or like micro cats and those were not really, they both were if I was going to do certain stuff like that, it would need to either a pay decently enough for the amount you're doing or be when it doesn't be interesting, you know, and like some of the times here, like even when they haven't paid that great have been like, you know, interesting like they did a webcam one recently where they had you like, they wanted to analyze your facial expressions. Um Well you looked at like works of fine art, you know, and that one probably didn't pay that much, but it was interesting, you know, doing it through like the micro cask site which I used to do a while. Like I made a couple $100. But I think if you did the math, it would have been something like 50 cents an hour or something like that. So that wasn't really a, a thing for
the
prolific at least. It's, you know, depends on the things, but you know, they're interesting and you know, I'm not doing it for this one, but you can't do them in the background, sort of all you're doing other stuff I've done that were like when I'm working for my actual job, I'll do a survey in the background that I can get like paid twice for the same, you know, minutes or hours of work, you know? So I like it.
Yeah, it depends on the stuff again, you know, if you do the like proof reading tasks or anything, you know, article writing stuff, um you probably can make a pretty decent amount. But you know, I, you know, don't like whiting. It's never been one of my song suits as far as things I enjoy doing, I'm pretty decent at it, but you know, I'm not, I don't like it,
you
know? So that doesn't really seem like it would. I mean there's ways to do it. I think if you get the right thing, but it's it's one of those things I spent a lot of time filling out like screener questions and they reject you.
One
of the things I like about politic as you answer all the for the most part I've been rejected. Like because the screen is like once I think, you know, as long as you fill out everything, the beginning, anything you get, you know, you can get with them. Turkey was like, you know, you spend five or 10 minutes answering a bunch of demographic practice and then they're like, oh no, sorry, they don't pay you for that. So
yeah, I haven't I haven't seen really any for prolific at the
most part.
Yeah, I I like I like that too though. I don't know. I sometimes I probably should read the debriefings more. Sometimes I sometimes wonder like what exactly the study is about or anything, you know? I feel like as long as I answer honestly there, you know, they'll be happy with that.
Yeah. There's there's questions that always like so up on multiple ones, you know? Which is a a lot of them always have the where do you see yourself on a ladder with like ones when it comes to like, you know, can being the most successful and one being like the least successful. That so that question question shows up at like different ones by different academic things. I guess it's some sort of useful thing for people to do in general maybe or something. But I don't know.
I know.
I
get
that they
want to they want to try and they want to try and make it as as simple as possible if people you know, tend to skim through it or anything, you know? Which I don't but some people do. Oh.
Mhm.
Oh
uh No, I'm trying. I'm sometimes not great at knowing how to keep conversations going,
so this is an interesting thing, but let me see uh what did you study in college?
I went to I had a psychology one on one classes for my degree, you know? I liked it a lot but it was one of those things where I liked it but I didn't I knew immediately that I didn't didn't want to major in it or anything. No offense to you or anything. It was it was just like it was more like I couldn't but it was it was interesting, you know? I made I made I made it in arts.
Yeah because it was it was supposedly the most transferrable degree so that when education gets safe and fixed again they said it would be the one you could easily it was a degree for someone who doesn't know what they want to get. As far as uh more education goes. There was a degree for someone who didn't know what they wanted to major in basically. I didn't know what I wanted to major but you know I enjoyed it.
No
not really. You know it was it was one of those things where it's useful to have especially for like putting on like a resume or anything. But it was more once I was doing it I planned you know to go into a political science you know to get like a four year political science degree. But I never that was before uh pandemic hit and all that stuff that sort of put things a little bit by the wayside at the moment I intend to maybe. But even that was like something I'm kind of interested in so it might be something I wouldn't mind exploring majoring in but I still you know I don't really know if that's something I wanted to be like you know get up four year degree or anything I like politics you know or something I have a passion for you know I volunteer you know and stuff like that but I don't know if it is do I want to work I always um I always use education a little bit as what you would use that degree for, especially if you're gonna go for like a four year one you know and I just didn't know did I wanna work in some sort of political thing or anything? And I was like, I'm not sure about that, you know, maybe, you know, I could see myself working behind the scenes, not like running for office or anything like polling, you know, or something like that, maybe, you know, I could I could see myself doing that, but I didn't know or anything necessarily, but the so I wasn't really so, you know, I loved my time in college, you know, it's probably the gave me direction in my life,
you know? Which was, I didn't really have, you know, before, and you know, so I I enjoyed that, I liked uh I like my theater classes, which is a lot of fun,
you know?
Oh yeah, I was in one, they had me, they had me y to play lit for class and they picked one of mine and I ended up acting in the one I performed it, you know, which was terrifying. But ended up actually being sort of fun,
you
know, a little bit, we, I flubbed a line or two, you know, especially when they, when it uh, when um, when it started, you know, I wasn't sure, but after that I got into the swing of things, it was supposed to, I think it ended up being, it's somewhere between like five and 10 minutes, so it's not like a lot of stuff. I have no clue how actors can do, like entire plates. You know, anything like my dad, my dad's an amateur actor, you know, like he's been in a couple of productions, you know, around here and I don't know how I had enough trouble memorizing lines for 10 minutes. I have no idea how the hell you're supposed to do for like the Iceman cometh or anything that's like four hours or even two hours. Like he was in a production of a Few Good Men, you know? And I have no idea how anyone can remember that for that long. You know anything. So I I have it made me give a lot of, I understand a little bit more about theater, but it made me respect even bad place or anything because the amount of time and effort people put in is my hat's off to them.
Mm I thought so. My dad
had me one lines with him for a little while for some of his stuff, you know? But uh, theater is another thing that's not really, you know, I wonder, I wonder how my theater professors doing that class now, you know, Because like a big part of that is you have to act in a play and you had to critique a play they did at the college. You know what? I'm wondering how they're doing that during this whole pandemic thing or anything, They're gonna critique it from, like, video recordings or something like that, because then you kinda you kinda get the uh you kind of miss something, I guess if you were doing that, I mean, the place they had this critique for that class was was terrible, but, you know, it was an inspired, kind of, terrible. Mhm.
You know, like it was
I don't think, I don't think there's one sort of silver lining to this thing, which is not, you know, make up for any of the awful stuff that happened. Is that a lot of people, I think I realized that a huge amount of jobs and things that you needed to do outside, that they said you needed to do outside of the house, you don't really need to do outside of the house,
you know?
Right. And I think that even after assuming you get a safe vaccine and things, I still think of not a huge amount, but a decent chunk of the people who work from home are still going to keep working from home. I think even when it's safe to go back out because you really don't need to, you know, go out there and in a lot of ways you're probably more productive. I mean some things you need to like collaborate I think would be easier to do like, you know, in person and all that stuff. But
my
dad,
my dad had this thing where he's uh, he's a teacher, you know, and he um doesn't like refused to do like zoom, you know, uh, meetings as far as like teaching or anything. Cause he just, he didn't want to, he likes interacting with like, you know, the Children, you know, and all that stuff. He didn't really think that, you know,
and I tried to tell him that maybe he sort of tried to get over that a little bit because it was a little bit of like money coming in would be, you know, helpful or anything. But I can't really, he likes the, you know, physical in the accent, you know, I guess. And that's not something I would think that teaching would be one of those things that would be a little, that would of jobs would be somewhat better to do, maybe, you know, through video conferencing. But he doesn't like it like that. So, you know, it comes, it comes down like preference I suppose.
Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. My my my dad the substitute teachers, I don't know what it teaches like specifically or anything you know? But
I think we're at 25 minutes. I mean we can keep talking. I don't mind talking if you want to for a little while if you if you don't pay you any more for the extra talking. But you know
so if you
since you've done these before um what do you do next? You just close this window and just go on and go on to the all the cabinets open and then it just was there a button you hit or?
it was nice challenge. This was bless weird and awkward
than I thought it would have. You
know. Okay well I'm gonna go I'll leave the window open but I'm gonna go uh the uh question things.
hope
you two to stay safe if there's still issues and air quality stuff and all that.