Yeah, Okay. Hello?
Hey, So you're just getting set up here?
Mhm Mhm Oh Mhm Okay. You can see me Okay. Mhm Yeah.
Uh huh Hey, uh I think so. That's better some days, technology works with me. Some days, not so much
b
okay. But yeah. Yeah. Well, so high prestige
and do nice to meet you. Have you done one of these before?
Oh well welcome. I've done like, I think two or three of these before. Um
definitely. Like for talking to people, I'm going to talk to people anyway. Why not?
Yeah. Um so where are you located in this world?
okay. I'm in Salem Oregon. Cool.
Um I had a question the first time. I was like, I don't know, is this somebody that's in a lab talking to me or is a real person? I am a real person and the people have talked to her, real people. So atom
Yeah, exactly, exactly. Um so Illinois. What's the weather like there right now?
that's,
definitely. We just had rain all morning today. I don't know if you've seen on the news, but there's just all the fires on the West Coast.
I am
damn. Thank you. Yeah, the firefighters are doing a good job of getting that all contained so we're safe and everything. But um, there was quite a while where the smoke was so bad that I was getting nosebleeds and sure ill unhealthy for people. So I ended up actually like leaving and going to see some friends out of state for a couple of weeks. Just uh
it's
the brush
in here.
Oh no, it's what part?
Love port.
Thank you. Mm awesome.
apologize vitamin me. Okay. Uh, so yeah, today, uh, so the fires are getting contained, things are slowly getting back to normal is for the people who, you know their houses have been burned down. Mhm. It's a crazy year.
it's true. So what we've been doing with your saturday today?
Oh, that's
neat. I've never done that before.
Yeah, it's
So do you go to like in this city or is that like you go out on hikes or where?
Look.
Yeah, I don't like it. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. You like your passing? Um That's why I like to do for fun.
get very interesting.
Welcome.
Sure. Well um currently might I have a hobby doing sewing. Um I started making covid masks, like, you know, a bunch of people have um I really kind of taken to it and uh on the day it seemed to be pretty good at it. So I've taken that and I'm starting to make other things like bags and um you know, seeing where that
takes
me.
Does she? What does she make?
I think that would drive me nuts. It's very tedious, but they're beautiful when they're done.
Yeah, that's
great idea.
Yeah. Cycle at all. Yes.
Yeah, it's soothing to, you know, create I guess.
Yeah, I can understand that. Um I've worked in
because
It was true. I think the great thing about artists, you don't have to be good at it. You don't have to like uh necessarily be commercially successful. It doesn't matter what other people's opinions on there, like you just do it because it's fun and because you like the thing that you get out of it.
that's
good.
I can relate to that. I don't draw very well. Um but I got like, and it's something that's kind of bothered me, like always, it's like always like um jealous of people who can drop like if you just look at something and you like you said it's if it's a cat it's supposed to look like cat and it's a cat. Uh huh.
what's cool with enough patience and practice, you can improve. Um At least it kind of happened for me, I got an ipad a couple years ago and I started drawing on like procreate and it was a lot easier to start learning how to draw that way because you can just tap two fingers on your screen instead of having to get an eraser out or mess up your whole thing.
And I didn't think I'd
get
better,
I didn't think I'd get better, but I did um as time went on and I mean I'm certainly no, no professional, but if I try to make some, if I try to draw a cat, it at least looks like a cat were the most,
well it looks like a broken stick figured out. Um Yeah, no um do you work outside the home or in the home or to a job?
I
said
yeah and the great thing about this one is you can do it six times, so when you finish this, make sure you go back in and register for another one. Uh
Right, yeah, when I've done it before, they like there are generally always spots available, so if it is something you enjoy and you like the money.
yeah, that's good.
it's
just
yeah, I'm with you. I like prolific, a lot better than like in Turkey and Turkey. It just waste your time and there. Mhm.
Mhm. She said
you
you
know.
Yeah, I think there's definitely something that are just scam, some that are trying to get your data um on mturk. I'm I think some of them are just just straight up scams.
No,
no, they're they're good. I guess they scream them that are, I don't know that it's better quality. I I like that a lot of them are actually like academic studies that I feel like I'm helping with someone's research versus
Yeah, I mean it's on june so honestly look at what they need. Um But maybe I like to know some of the questions are unusual. I try to read the debriefing to see like what is it that you're really studying um
that makes sense. Um I mean, I've done a lot of studies like when I was in college kind of similar, but it was before the days of prolific um but like socioeconomic status does tend to have um people like to look at that when they're looking at other, other studies as you know, one of the factors that affects various
things. So I think that's why we see that with a lot um and it's if you put it in a visual, where do you fall as a wrong on this ladder versus what is your socioeconomic status, like it doesn't make people
feel bad
about
it?
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Okay. The only questions are,
It's
Um I actually studied psychology and education. Mhm.
In arts.
You know, do you feel like it gave you a better sense of direction of what you want um kind of going forward, What's he finished?
No.
posted.
All right. So
yeah, definitely. Yeah. Um So were you in april like uh like stage performances I guess and you're theater classes?
Oh, that's
good.
definitely, I agree, I I don't remember where it was, it's been a while, but I was watching some some interview with an actress um where I think she was a soap opera actress and she's saying like every day, just part of her routine, she gets on the treadmill and she's like doing her workout and she's got her script up there and she's like memorizing it um as she's doing her workout and she has to do this like every single day and like so she's memorizing several scenes every single day and just uh um performing that. I had no idea it was that intensive, so I found it it was really impressive. Um
And
Yeah, and it's kind of a fascinating
time because we're kind of transitioning from that, you know the way that we're used to doing it to um really we're just I think we're gonna see a lot more online performances. Um I know a lot of people are building up, I mean the legitimate studios in their home. Uh I mean I think we're going to see a lot more of that. I think we're gonna kind of transition to the next uh maybe next phase and entertainment combining with technology.
Oh, I agree with
that.
And that makes sense. I mean they've done studies on that, so it really just comes down to individual preference and the kind of work it is. Some people um like I like working from home, I like having just the quiet space around me, I'm able to function and focus better. But some people really they can't do that or they get distracted when they're at home so they're better off and they enjoy working as a part of a team like in person. So I mean I guess it's
just
it's
Yeah. That's hard.
that's true. I have a friend who is a music teacher at an elementary school music teacher and for him like it's not practical for that to happen online because how are you supposed to teach 25 kids and have them play instruments and things, you know from their home? I mean that's just it's that doesn't really translate um the same in in a zoom conference type situation.
I can understand that. Um Uh huh.
Um Well to be honest
I actually haven't eaten anything today so I need to go get some food. Um But
So I I wait and leave this one open and then I go back to the last tab and then there's like a next button and then it's gonna ask you a few questions about like how the call went and how you felt about it. Um And I just I like waiting till the end and then closing this window. Um But I mean it's personal preference but yeah it's just a couple of more minutes from here but it was nice chatting with you. Um
that's
good.
Yeah. All right. I hope you have a good rest of your day hey.
Thanks
definitely definitely. All right we'll go have a good one. But