Okay. Okay. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Uh huh I like it. Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you sweet girl, you know? Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Right. Good. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Oh okay. Come on, come. Okay. Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. I do. I don't know. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. But mhm. Yeah.
Well
yeah, I'm here.
good. How are
you?
What's the matter?
yeah. Right. It has.
huh.
No,
my name is
Ashley,
to meet you too. Where are you from?
What? Oh wow. You're really far down south. Huh. Right.
Crazy.
I
wow.
Yeah. Have you ever done this before?
Yeah. This will be my third conversation with somebody um actually kind of find them interesting, a lot more different than just um your regular surveys and stuff, Yeah.
No, I have not.
I've
never heard of it.
Great.
Hm,
All
Yeah.
Hm.
that's a
pink
Thank
Finished
and
Oh, jeez, that sounds very clinical,
but
What?
Have you?
Uh huh.
It seems very
strange.
trying to think,
how
old are
you?
What do you do for work?
You seem like a storyteller,
This
is the vibe
I'm getting,
Oh, that's cool.
that's
that,
Um well, I'm from Pittsburgh pennsylvania
and
well, yeah, I live in in a rural area outside of Pittsburgh. Um you know, I wouldn't say a horribly
small town
or anything,
but you know, I'm about half hour outside of the city, so I have two kids, two little girls age six and
nine,
and we have four dogs, two parrots, and to get it's a household,
yeah, a little bit
Yeah,
yeah, it is, but you know, just love the animals and you know, they keep me company and my kids are at school right now, so they're only in school two days a week, so I try to get things done when they're when they're there
and not at
home. Uh huh
it
Oh, that's me,
Do you have any kids?
Yeah.
isn't it?
Um I don't know what do you want to know about me?
last time I checked
I think
that's
we haven't
heard
anything. Yeah.
No we haven't heard anything. Um As far as I know we still are just going to days a week and then their home with me three days a week for virtual school
and that's pretty much the way I see it you know in the foreseeable future. Um Some kids around here are going five days a week. Some kids around here all online it's every school district is different. Um Ours offered us a choice. We could go five days we could go all online or we could go in between so they really kind of left it up to the parents to
make the decision but our case counts are going up here so I don't know what they're gonna do. Uh we're up to like over 2000 a day I think. Yeah.
It's high but we were averaging about 1500 a day before so.
Yeah it is every day they come on.
Well
they also That's positive tests what they don't tell you is that say somebody goes into the hospital and they get to the test positive for COVID-19. They're there for five days. Those five days that person gets tested five times. Okay those five positives are counted as five
please
basically. But they tell you the media tells you that it's 1500 cases but it's not it's it's a bit misleading.
So but that is for that the state or is that
just the city?
Yeah this is for our state.
Yeah there's um I think we have a population of like over 12 million or something. Tell
him.
we also have a lot of nursing homes and that's where most
of
our cases are are in the nursing
home.
now there's like in nursing homes nobody's allowed in, nobody's allowed out, they're not allowed visitors. Um We've had a couple of nursing homes where the National Guard has come in because they've had over like 100 cases and in one nursing home but most of it is pretty isolated to those you know nursing homes in jails we seem to be having problems with.
No.
Yeah.
What do you have on your schedule for the rest of today?
What
mm. Yeah. Yeah I do I work on mturk amazon mechanical turk during the day. Um I do a lot of that and well three days a week I pretty much sit in my daughter's bedroom and make sure she stays on the computer for six hours a day doing her schoolwork. And my husband works full time, so he's out of the house monday through friday. So
that
comes,
go ahead. I'm sorry,
I was just gonna say so that you know I kind of take care of the house and the kids and stuff and you know he goes to work and I try if I'm sitting here I might as well do something. So I do surveys and stuff for the extra money and it actually helps out, wow.
I average about $40-$50 a day.
You have to run scripts and you have,
yeah, it's there's a lot more to it than just going on there and finding something. I'm running scripts. I'm checking, you know, message boards for good hits. It's a it's a lot more than just going on to Turkey and looking and picking something.
Yeah.
And
yeah, it helps out with christmas and stuff coming up and um just extra expenses that you aren't expecting emergencies that come up, things like that. We have the money there for it, which makes it nice oil for our furnace to heat the house,
which can be very expensive.
Well, yeah,
Um right now it is 55 outside and that's probably about as cold as it, or as warm as it's gonna get today. Um it's been going into the 40s overnight 50s during the day,
85
and cold and rainy today, uh you know, cold, rainy and windy and grey, that's usually how our winters are in our fall, we won't
see sunshine again until springtime. Yeah.
That's okay. Actually, it's 12:25. so we
Well actually they did pay me the last time I had an issue. Um me and a gentleman had spoke last week And we talked for 23 minutes and he phrase, yeah,
I
was
like, no, he froze after 23 minutes. We were so close. So I emailed them and I said, look, this is what happened. I was like, is there any way I can get pro rated, you know, and get paid for what we did and they paid me for it and just sent me um the survey to do and to fill out and they still paid me for it.
it was, it was, I was like, no, don't freeze. And and I was even tried reloading and he never came back, I was like no, because you put in all that work and just do not get paid for it because of something that happened like that kind of sucks. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I think they find it interesting how people that don't know anything about each other communicate with each other, people from different backgrounds, different locations um
you
know what types of conversations are people having with complete strangers? Mhm
I am, I'm gonna get
going here because it has been 27 minutes. It was very nice
talking with you,
have
story.
Nice to meet you as well, have a great day
provide.