Hello? Yeah hello
can you hear me?
What? Hello? Hello how are you
started?
Yeah mm Weird weird stuff in my mind. Such you know what's
the matter? Uh The impending elections really on my mind filling me with worry and I've got some programming things I'm working on that I've been slacking off on. Wouldn't need to put some time into. Yeah I've got this terrible paying and all the diodes down my left hand side. No no no. Uh But yeah it's been a weird it's been a weird year. Mhm
yep. Any case like the second uh some colossal air there? All right all right all right. Um Well you know I'm john yeah
I'm just curious myself you know you don't have to introduce yourself
but
my
name is Ashley. It's nice to meet you
Brunswick Georgia.
30 south
of the
United States you know he's doing the normal northern hemisphere. Yeah any case. Yeah I would tell you more about the town but there's not much to say. Yeah we have is a privately good pinball arcade. That's about all I can say. Yeah I I did not expect it to be in this town but they've got like 4050 good tables you know. Yeah wide a wide range of many different decades all the mechanicals to new releases. It's pretty awesome. Yeah.
Yeah. Anyway Now comes the issue of finding something to talk about for 23 more minutes.
Yeah watch yeah I've done it before.
Yeah they are very interested. It can be if you can find a condition to talk about which is often my problem. Yeah. Well here it's something it isn't something very strange. Okay have you heard of black baseball?
Yeah if you've if you've been riding around the were the corners of the internet there are a lot of people have been talking about Blaze ball lately.
Not baseball
blace
ball with an L.
It is incredibly strange. It is um you know there are sports video games, right? Uh This is one of like that. Except you don't actually play it. The whole thing is just a computer generated simulation. It
happens on this website. Place ball dot com. Yeah. It's a call a fan
stimulation that is. They have made up teams like the Los Angeles Tacos
I guess. They really Kansas city breath mints the that and they play a weird mutant version of baseball. It's not something you watch except you watch the reports coming in as the games are similar in real time. And each season takes place over one week. Yeah. In a way it's kind of like a fantasy baseball league bitcoins when you don't pay for their, it's all it's all invented currency. You know, it's no, you know there's no monetization here. The whole side is uh supported by patreon donations And yeah you bet coins on who wins on different matches and I can get you more coins. But thing is at the end of every week, you know after the champion is determined for that season, the vans get to vote, they get to vote for blessings that are distributed among the players and teams and they vote on decrees decree is a permanent rule change to baseball.
And
and I haven't even gotten to the extreme weirdness of this sport yet. Okay. For example, the first, the first decrees that the fans could vote on included things like take the worst team in uh, in the league that season and give it a bonus or take the best team in that you can give it a penalty or open the forbidden book. The fans shows to open the forbidden book and things started to get strange.
The umpires, I started to glow white and now they can randomly incinerate
players in the middle
of a game but they don't like them and just completely removed from the game. Uh And then the third thing that everyone voted on a peanut without knowing what that was. So a giant spinning hovering peanut god began presiding over the games, exhorting people to consume it snacks.
It's
it is, it's a horror game kind of in a comic kind of way And they finished 11 seasons. Now it's gotten stranger and stranger and stranger and players have been incinerated. They found ways to bring players back to life, but carrying a debt they pay off by hitting players with their pitches and Their season 10 of them ended with a J. RPG style boss fight where the champion had to try to defeat like the minions of the great spinning peanut. It's it's a very odd gay
but a lot of people are obsessed with it. There are corner of the internet where you just can't stop people talking about uh baseball and there are interesting ideas. They're like one of the terms of baseball is when a team champion, you know in the normal season becomes mathematically incapable impossible of entering the postseason. If there's no way they can get to the playoffs, they expect to be in party time.
Teams that are in party time have to keep partying constantly, they cannot stop. Yeah it's a strange
thing, it's
very
strange in any case. Uh So you come up with something to talk about that, I think a lot of this ridiculous thing I'm learning about. Um So
so
I think
how
old are you? Mhm. Older than I look now, You don't want to know how old I am. I am at least several 1000 years old. No. Uh Oh no, no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I am pretty old. I'm ancient. Yeah. Uh just leave it at that. It's embarrassing.
Mhm. I'm a freelance writer. Yeah.
You don't have
to.
Thank
you. Perhaps, I mean the baseball stuff just me relating what other people have. I don't actually follow baseball, I'm still learning about it. Uh Yeah, but I have I have a book, an actual paper print. Yeah,
I got a number of e books. Yeah, but I have one exploring roguelike games on amazon. Yeah. Yeah, when I'm saying last month, actually,
I have no idea how I was doing, I haven't gotten any feedback on sales or anything, which
might be a good sign. There might be a bad sign is probably a bad sign anyway. Yeah. Uh Yeah, any case.
Come on. Ah
that's a better place in front of it.
You know
how
to dance?
It's
going to be.
And a menagerie.
Mhm. Yeah, that's gonna be a lot of money on food. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Pandemic business. Yeah, it was weird. I was actually, I
got in my car, I left the back window open. Yeah, I got in the car during the engine of the sudden commotion in the back seat and a cat jumped out the door, right out the window. Yeah, I just had to lay it out and died. Uh Have the greatest, there's a cat that just hang that around here. We give it food a little bit uh can't come inside. There's their issues there. Unfortunately. It's a sweet cat though, for for a feral cat, it's very, very affectionate and that's Pettit.
We'll just rub up against you. And it's yeah, a very trusted gap which might not be a good thing in this area that there are people who are kind of uh anyway, but this cat at least I try to trying to help it out. No. Uh any case, what else is going on? Trying to think of something.
No, no. Yeah, I I am not a sufficient means to support Children. I think so best have steered away from that, you know, I I couldn't live with myself if I if I had kids and could not support them well, so I am careful, you know, I don't think. Yeah. Anyway, I just I think kids should have a good upbringing, you know? Yeah. Yeah, that's I don't really know what else I could say about that. It's my problem is most of my interests are rather esoteric things like I can talk your ears out of about cellular automation, which is a weird kind of math sort of. Yeah, but it's not arithmetic or algebra or calculus dial math, it's more math in the sense of being about logic, you know, like the original cellular automation, something called johN Conway's Game of Life. Yeah,
I just think it was a bitter john Horton Conway who actually died this year for of coronavirus related. It causes really sad. Yeah, 80 Libya, but basically it's, you don't need a computer to play it. I say play it. There's not a game like so much that sort of an arbitrary simulation. They're like a checkerboard, but really we're supposed to be infinite. But you make do with what you can and you put counters on it, like a, like a configuration of your choosing. And you run it through a series of generations. And basically all you do is each turn in the empty space with exactly three neighbors. You have a birth that is, you put a counter there, a new counter there any space with less than two or more than three neighbors. You know, it's a death. You remove the counter from that spot, Less than two. It's a death by isolation. It's more than three of the death by overcrowding. He called them death. But you know, it's just an abstract kind of thing. And basically the whole idea of this is to see what kind of patterns emerge from following those simple rules. I just told you all the rules of Conway's game of life. It's just births and deaths, births and deaths over and over again, as long as you can stand it. But you know, the fascinating cause very, you know, patterns emerge from those rules and there are a lot more complex than they sound like they would be. people have been fascinated by this for over 40 years and
most people now and they do simulation, they use a computer program to do so, because it takes care of all the figuring out for you. And it is fascinating, I assure you. But I can understand if you are skeptical of that. But yeah, it's it's it's a weird thing and it's got bizarre application that was created as a, as just as just an amusement. That's just something that puts around with see what happens. And Stephen Wolfram, the creative, you know, founder of Wolfram, uh yeah, the company that creates the computer program Mathematica. he thinks that the universe is a secular automation on uh under the hood. And he wrote about that in his book, a new kind of science and a lot of people think he's full of hot air, but you know, he he is an odd air kind of person. Yeah, he's like a balloon, he just floats through the air. Yeah, let me guess. I don't really know how much more I can keep talking like this. So you might want you might want to come up with something.
Yeah, mm hmm, mm hmm. You're a person, right? Human being. Yes.
I
don't know. I like to ask about how uh school,
maybe your your kid, that's one thing you mentioned. Um So are they going back to full time soon or
I
mean
the pandemic is not getting any better right now.
This
time
That's gigantic. That's mhm
I mean Over 30 days that are you in 10 days, that's 150,000. So over three day, over 30 days, that's almost half a million. I don't think it can be 1500 a day by millions.
three months. Pretty much the whole population
would have it.
So it's not it's not 1500
cases, 1500 positive tests,
I don't know uh I would have to I would have to see the articles to be sure. It's just it's like uh the town that I used to go to college in, They average like seven or 8 new cases a day. Mhm. Yeah, but the total has come up to like two or 3000,
That's
for £1.. Mhm.
Oh, for your state, it makes more sense. Yeah.
that
is possible, yeah, that that sounds more feasible. Okay, that's that is the thing that I had, I had, I had not seen before. Okay. Uh yeah, any case,
look at
that.
Well,
yeah, that's the worst place possible for it to spread. Yeah,
Yeah, they're both sort of underserved segment of the population, especially jails because uh well, just don't care about prisoners, but that that really comes to bite cause coronavirus does not care if you're a prisoner or not and
sometime eventually prisoners have to be released. You know, it's tremendously is were excited for medical authorities to ignore prisons and jails of this. It's basically just become breeding grounds for it uh In any case yeah, this is certainly a cheering conversation isn't it? Uh
What else? Man
Richard today? Uh let's say I didn't have to get much sleep last night so I'm probably going to get a nap and a little bit after that. I tried to want to try to do some work coding. Yeah I have I I write a blog post sometimes with the community web blog blog meta filter. And every week I do a recap of the Tv show last week tonight with john Oliver but he watched the episode basically summarize it and just put that on the side and I don't think this is interesting
or important or anything. I just, you asked. It's something I do.
I
tried
to,
we got to you first.
I tried mechanical turk for a while and sometimes it was okay, but ultimately, you could spend a lot of time for a very little amount of money there if you don't, we don't use tools to help narrow it down and
Okay, that's much better than I did. Yeah, we have a much better system than I do. Yeah, prolific is a bit better. I be if it's on paralytic is almost certainly at least going to, yeah, certain minimum amount of money and say they don't accept, you know, tasks underneath a certain amount, but yeah, I mean, it's easy to be overwhelmed on mechanical turk just finding things That ultimately when it comes down to us like three cents, we're doing this whole home.
that's what I mean.
Yeah, that's been my experience. Uh
even so the script that I did, I'm not up to your rate, I don't have no idea how you may have to do $50 a day. That it's just I mean I think probably my best may have been 20, on the other hand, I have other things that I end up having to do. So I I can't
I can't devote time just to that so that probably gets in the way in harm's hard what I could get through that. Yeah.
Well.
Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah, it was called up there right now.
It's much better here, it's probably about 85 outside right now.
Yeah, it's the southern Us, it's it's Jordan southern Georgia, so yeah, it's pretty warm here. Yeah, and it's uh I don't really like it there he goes.
well
thank you. I that sounds pretty good to me actually, and you're not fond of, you know how how warm it is. It's just I'm going to run the air conditioner, you know, at times like this is just the yeah, I wish I could come with a lot more to talk about, but I'm kind of dry right now.
Yeah, we should probably get another couple of minutes since you have to be at least 25 minutes and even a few seconds short, you know, they don't count it.
Yeah,
that could be
big.
that's good, that's good. But that was a technical issue.
I have and my very better wrap has been a pretty useful. Pretty nice, pretty nice group. However, I am wondering what they're doing with all this video data on it just seems well they just want to record random conversations. If it turns out this is going to be some new and inventive way to spam people, I'll probably be pretty angry.
I don't
know.
Well mine are usually pretty boring, I think I feel like I'm going into this, I should start with a list of things to talk about. I've actually used that strategy with a couple of friends of mine, you know, okay, we're talking to this person today, but I don't really have anything interesting that they would be interested in to talk about. Um I better work on our list right now and then I opened up a text window, I just put this this this this this yeah, and then when I'm on the phone with him, I was okay, have you done this one? Is when I'm forming a strategy, it is probably not a healthy way to approach, you know, relationships, but anyway,
Hello,
yep,
just about to say, yep, yep, man, the
video actually
proves for a second, I just say, oh no, uh huh. Any case, any case, it's nice to meet you,
You too, you too,