Hi. Hello? Yeah
yeah I can hear him to cook right? Uh
Can I can I know your name with?
President
Obama.
My hash. Yeah.
Okay cool. I live in Illinois like uh but in the rural town.
Okay. They say that there are questions after we finish the conversation. I guess they because I've done this one before once one security. So after the conversation they were done some questions how well and and stuff like that. Yeah.
Honestly, um I just uh started using this one after my girlfriend told me this one is quite good with her because she used this one for her research. So uh and then she gets me to the prolific and then I I I've been doing a
research surveys here
in like maybe three months now. Yeah. How
about?
Honey. Yeah.
that's true like yeah that's one of the uh best thing these days like during their quarantine time. Yeah we can spend our time doing research surveys. That's good. So uh would you mind if I ask about your like education and stuff like that? Like what you're doing like your college student or?
cool.
I'm ready a student right now. Uh I finished my
masters
last year and I'm waiting for my PhD like I'll start in august. Yeah.
It's applied mathematics. Yeah I like I like mathematics a lot. Yeah. So what did you study when you were in the college?
Find at least you tried. Did
you
did you enjoy some stuff?
Yeah.
Uh
No.
Yeah. Okay. I have had a few friends who uh who had a similar situation like you they did something called I. D. T. I really don't know what that stands for. It's kind of like what you're saying uh Like they
do like some technical stuff for engineers or somebody else like creating
use of animals and stuff like that.
Id
kind of remember them I think I really can't remember what it means actually. I think it's kind of yeah basically it's kind of related to a computer stuff and designing creating user manual so it's like yeah most probably. Yeah. Yeah.
What?
Well
yeah I have plenty of uh hobbies. I mean I really really do uh like running these days. I mean even though it's kind of risky but since I'm living in a rural area I don't have any risk going out. So I do enjoy running uh swimming. What is hiking and thank your stuff. Uh This is I'm going to go uh boating and kayaking mm before I came to U. S. A. I had some interesting stuff diving smuggling. Uh Yeah this type of stuff yeah I'm like kind of outdoor activities.
Yeah How about two years?
I think I heard but not not quite well
but
I've heard dream.
But that's that's interesting yeah.
Oh that's good. That's really interesting. Yeah so are there any specific like rigid rules to play that game or like uh Cool
Yeah that's good. Running is good. All this
I think
I say industry mm I mean mhm.
okay so what what type of uh G. P. Usually for sure what you call this a famous one called monopoly do you play?
I was like
wow cool. Yeah I used to I mean I'm not a big fan of board games. Any any uh card games or board games but I did some uh because last year actually I was working at a summer camp counselor, so I had to uh David kids, so it was fun at that time, but like I'm not a big fan of the yeah, it's cool, like we played something called variables. Uh
All
Yeah, I I like this actually, I like it, yeah, it's cool.
I've seen like uh I've seen like kind of crazy uh board games, like very very creative and logical stuff too, but never played. Like I had a I had a friend like when I was in my first demonstrated my blood school, like when I was doing my master there was like Jared, so he had a big collection of uh games, food games, and he used to explain all those things that once in a while, but I can't remember. But yeah, I know there are plenty of cool stuff with those kind of board games.
Oh man net games. There are I mean games, there are some fun games too. But uh not
honestly I've never tried poker but I like it. I mean I don't know all the rules. I played again kind of similar to poker uh when I was in tree bank, like my own country like so uh but I never played because one of my professors, he used to uh talk about that because I did uh class called uh abstract algebra and coding theory. So in that class that professor was always explaining about the strategy strategies in poker because that they are really really interesting. There are a lot of meth going going on with the program.
that's cool. Especially
like you know there is something called uh combinations and permutations and combinations Uh maybe you have heard so thank your stuff and probability and contingency plans and stuff like that. There there's a whole lot of things going on with something called game theory. Yeah. Yeah I've never I've never uh being to these games that much like guards or board board games or anything but I like it the concept of the idea of how they use math, especially chase like our program and stuff like that. And there was a movie about Poker I guess. 21 I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah it's the taste. Yeah
I know, I remember there were not only one move, there were two or 3 I guess mm maybe they are very famous 21 or that the game that that movie was really interesting.
honestly uh once once uh when I was in franca like uh for competition as a long run, but like I always uh done those short running like 100 204 100 I was in high school and the second school yeah I was I was listening to a lot of a crack and like feels stuff. Yeah so I did a high jump long jump Uh and then I 800, and 400. Yeah. Short short distance running. Yeah I'm quite good, but now I change the plan, like I'm like trying to uh do a little bit uh long distance running, like usually like I can do like three months now for now, like it's kind of a 5K. I can do okay. Yeah, but I'm just trying to get into running actually, but I enjoy it. Yeah,
I probably
I have actually I want to do five K. Uh once everything is okay like I'm going to do uh Yeah
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna do that because uh there's quite a bit of uh friends here, they are doing a lot of uh case uh and some of them are doing a cross country as well so I really like that, but I'm not like because I wasn't doing it from my childhood or like from a few years periods, like it's kind of hard for me to do it like for a real competition, but anyway, I haven't tried.
thank you.
So like since you were in California, right, have you ever tried surfing or stuff like that?
Is it closed by? Like the sea is close by?
cool. Like
I really want to try surfing and we have like back home, like we have plenty of places to do surfing but I never tried because it's kind of tricky. I mean just just to study like you have to have a lot of practice balance. Yeah like
no.
From
My uh my undergrad was back home like for
my graduate
studies
to do my master, I came here like 2018. Yeah that that is actually this time out of the country being out of my home. Uh huh.
Chicago surprised me. I mean like when I was in some ways I never before I came here I had a pretty good impression about like big cities. I mean I've never seen but once I been in some days uh in Chicago I was like kind of okay this is not that much safe sometimes a safety wise. Yeah but otherwise everything was like
pretty good. Like I really like being here. I really enjoy like everybody is very polite, friendly like especially in my area they are really friendly.
No honestly I'm it's really good and maybe I did not experience that because I came to grad school and like my circle was kind of different and I wasn't being involved in like maybe like a teenager stuff or anything. So maybe I didn't get any any other experience. But as far as I know like everything was okay. Everything was really good. Yeah I meant like really nice people here. Yeah and especially
this is a rural area so I don't know I cannot I cannot tell anything about how usa but like the place where I am right now it's kind of cool.
sure
yeah it's really common like you know. Oh yeah I actually have this one because the first time uh when I came to U. S. A. The temperature was uh -30. I mean I'm talking
about census. Okay okay
and then when I left my country that day like I just took all its 21 hours or something like that to come back come to usa so when I left my country it was positive 30. I mean 30 decreased associates in my country. And one night once I came here it was negative 30. Like 16
different difference. It was kind of like I couldn't I couldn't bear the contemporary the cold temperature. It was really terrible that time. Yeah.
Yeah we made actually in the school in here
usa so yeah she's doing psychology and uh yeah it's
just
sorry
she's doing psychology. She yeah I did the math and
then yeah we got we're going to move to another school for the species like we're waiting uh Oh yeah august our school is start probably.
So like do you work for a private companion or like you do your own thing so
Yeah the graphic design is cool and I think during the quarantine you you might have like a lot of work, like you might get a lot of work because people cannot go here and there. So mostly most of the works are done uh like remotely so maybe like for your your own
own
business, if you have your own business, so if you're trying to do something
I think.
That's ability. Yeah. I was thinking like some some of my friends who are doing this graphic stuff, they started doing uh Youtube stuff and stuff. I mean they they created UdP use, they were doing their own stuff and yeah, some of them were starting to develop websites and yeah, kind of cool things so, but maybe you're you're representing and those things will are arming their related to more into like sports stuff like it depends it depends on the area that you're working on to.
I really liked her movies. Like I really watch movies like just before I I started the conversation, I've finished one movie too.
It was actually Hollywood movie. I'm not Hollywood Bollywood movie. It's called half girlfriend. Kind of romantic. I mean I do not watch a lot of
Bollywood movies but one of my friends mentioned about that an animal, she said like it's kind of cool and you know why not give it a try. So I tried it and it was cool like I mean the idea about that movie, it was kind of cool idea. So yeah and then I I do watch that of a tv series and sometimes enemies. Yeah.
I mean no choice. My favorite kannami and then like I used to watch a blacklist tv series. Exactly. So uh Peaky blinders um what has 100. Hmm. There is another show called you. Uh what is dexter criminal minds but a lot of things. I can remove some of them too. I like most of the there uh FBI stories. I like them. Especially the tv show called The Black List. That was kind of cool. Yeah
a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, you is really cool. I like it,
texture is kind of maybe it depends because it's all about like killing, killing, killing in. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I kind of like uh how the source movies, what I am actually something. Yeah.
Mhm. No, what
is that? Yeah.
I
should, I should try it.
Okay cool. Thanks for sharing. I will try it again. I will try try to look for it and then yeah I was done because I have 11 so I should do something. Yeah.
Did you ever try the game of Thrones?
Yeah, that's kind of cool too. And mostly like those are historical things or some uh F. B. I think all things related to logic mathematics, philosophy, stuff like that. Yeah. I kind of, I can't remember any any of the good names of movies. I was something called theory of everything. That was good money and what? Oh another show. Did you try to shut up?
Sherlock want?
Sherlock Holmes? Sherlock? Sherlock. Yeah.
Uh There are two versions right? Not the not the american version I guess. I mean I was the british version like.
I like that. Yeah.
it was about Stephen Hawking. Yeah
that's that's about john nash right Yeah
yeah it's about john nash joining us is kind of cool person. Have you have you ever seen his recommendation letter?
Just look for it? Because his professor has given him a recommendation letter just like I can't remember the exact sentences. What he says is john nash's applying for the usage of Princeton blah blah blah and he's a genius that's all.
Yeah that's all, that's the recommendation letter for him. Mhm.
Whoa.
He.
Anything that's amazing. Yeah. You were really lucky about that. Yeah, I really wanted to see these people. Is it Okay?
Okay cool. It's good to talk to you actually. It's really cool.
Yeah. I enjoyed a lot to
keep, bye bye.