Hello,
in your, Yeah, I can hear you.
So I guess 25 minutes,
Yeah, I'm going to start a timer also. Um Yeah, my name is Rachel,
what
is yours?
I'm in I'm in the California bay area.
Okay, cool. Yeah. What? Um I don't know, I thought it said that there would be questions, but I didn't see any of you.
So what uh why why do you like use prolific? What other websites to use?
Mhm.
All
I
cannot, I like um I go on reddit a lot and I kind of found a subreddit that's called Beer Money and I just started like doing it this past, like I guess the beginning of june I kind of found prolific and then like the amazon and turk thing
some other ones that are pretty good, so yeah, just fills the time during quarantine I guess,
Um I'm working right now. I graduated college in 2016. Mhm.
How about you?
lot
of them? Yeah.
Yeah. What subject area?
What did I study? Um I studied mechanical engineering but I didn't continue it. Um
I
didn't What?
Yeah, no I didn't, I don't know, I um didn't do that well, I feel like, and then the only thing I really enjoyed was like the cad bottling stuff, it was pretty fun. Um
But yeah, I
ended up getting a job at like a start up um and just like operations such as like just coordinating a lot of logistic stuff and then I kind of changed um paths recently and now I'm doing Technic technical writing, which I enjoy. Um So
because I was never quite really an engineer and I was also kind of like really like creative stuff so I'm like right in the middle where I can translate from engineers to like that users and make user user manuals and stuff.
Itself
thank you.
You said it's called what
I. D. T. Yeah I don't I don't think I've heard of that. Yeah.
Um
So what are what are like some of your hobbies, what do you do
outside of studying?
Yeah. Sounds sounds super outdoorsy.
I am playing a ultimate frisbee if you I've heard of that.
What
are you looking for?
Yeah it's kind of like um it's almost like football but you're throwing a frisbee down the field to the end zone instead of the football and there's no like tackling or anything
like when you catch the frisbee you can't run anymore. You have to like throw it to the next person down the field and you keep going to the goal. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a mix, it's I like it because it's kind of like a mix of a bunch of different sports. Um There there is a lot of running in it as well.
Uh Yeah, I wouldn't I don't think it's risky for running. You said it was like might be risky, but if you're just like
going by yourself and there's not a bit. Uh huh.
I also got like super into board games lately. Sure.
Uh Not that one, no, not really. Um
They're like, I don't know, a bunch of strategy games. Um I have a I don't know, I have a big collection of them.
Mm. It's
like one night ultimate where or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Those deception games are kind of I don't know, they're hard. Yeah.
I wonder if there's any good like mass applied to Apple ones.
Do you like do you like poker?
Yeah. I think I literally have a book on my shelf. It's like the Mathematics of Poker or something. What?
No.
Uh Those blackjack but Yeah.
Yeah, I remember that one.
Sorry what?
Yeah. Um I don't know. There's like rounders, there's another one but that was kind of older. Try I forget. What else was there would be more recent. But um have you ever do you ever run like competitively you've ever done many races or anything?
Is your goal now though going to be to like do some 5K races or do
you have any?
Oh yeah, I guess everything's cancelled now, I forgot about that.
Yeah. Um I used to run long distance, but that was in high school. Um
So I did like the cross country and long distance track and stuff and yeah, a lot of times during the summer we do like enter do those like five K road races and they would be pretty fun. Um You always get like stuff, we're doing it like t shirts and stuff.
No, I have a
yeah people um well people usually drive a little farther south to like santa cruz to go surfing. Um I think that's like maybe an hour away or something like that, I'm not sure. Um Yeah, my boyfriend's roommate goes a lot. Okay.
Mhm.
When um sorry I
was gonna ask, when did you come here? Did you come here for when you get undergrad
or grad or?
He
wasn't
talking.
How did anything surprise you or? Oh.
Thank you.
No. Culture shock.
And
Mhm. I've only like I've only driven through Chicago, I've never really spent time there. Um I
hear it's very windy and cold.
Well.
huh.
Hello?
Yeah. Um Is your girlfriend also in grad school?
Good job.
Technology
is being said.
What do you say?
my
hopefully. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a private company, it's a startup, although I do kind of just on the side due like graphic design and stuff like that.
Thank
you.
Well I
guess technically a lot of my stuff actually stop because when I was doing graphic design for it was like sports. So like uh like there's this new professional ultimately that was gonna happen. And then like another friend I have does like a sports woman woman sports um in the news and like kind of all that stuff just stopped since a, there's no sports going on as I'd like.
Um Yeah, are you um you mentioned youtube, Do you have any, do you watch all of Youtube? And we're like tv movies, anything like that?
Well what movie?
production.
What are some of your favorites?
huh.
Yeah,
I've um I've heard of all of the things you've listed, but I haven't actually really watched them except for I did watch you and Dexter.
I don't like Dexter more though.
Um and then I think those were all tv shows. What my favorite movies?
Over have you heard of attack on titan for enemy
attack
on titan? It's on netflix and
it's
possibly the best anime ever.
Um Yeah, that's the only my favorite.
Yeah, I watched that.
What?
Shadows?
yes, yes, sorry.
Does it the one with better to cumberbatch or? Okay.
Yeah, we're good uh Theory of everything. That is, is that the Oh no.
I was thinking about beautiful mind for a second.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Who?
actually so I actually went to Princeton for undergrad.
Um and he was still working in the math building while
I was there. I think I remember like somebody I knew was just like like held the door open for him or something, it was just like freaking out.
That was 25 minutes.
huh.
Well,
bye.