Come on. Mhm. Hi,
how are you?
Good. How? I was wondering if you're gonna be there? You probably wondered if I'm coming? Uh This is cool. So um where do you live?
All right, Mississippi. Okay. I'm in florida.
well from New Orleans.
Uh Let me make you southern Mississippi. Okay,
so
Iceberg. Okay.
Know about headache bird. So I came here from Katrina uh went to Michael while I was here back yet, working on it. How long
you
been
doing this?
Yeah, me too. About three weeks. But not talking about
it. A friend of mine?
I got it all together. I haven't cashed out any of mine. I got like £67,, which is like $75 waiting
to get up to 100. But I've been watching, you know, went down a little bit. No,
it
was
I watch it online. It was a $1.26. Yeah.
Yeah, I was going to but it's for us to go up and down up and down so I'm not worried about it. Make you get for Christmas money. Yeah
I figured I figured if you um if you make £14 a day you can make you can make $400 a month.
But
but it's so I didn't get any. I mean they have no surveys on all day today. I kept checking. Think I seem to all day.
I was in and out. Uh I see you cat in the back. Yeah
me too have 22 cats and uh well two dogs at the moment but really only one dog is mine. Yeah.
Up your fish. Okay. Yeah
we have finish Frankie.
they always had crawfish. Yeah
I'm gonna get some granddaughter but it didn't make it until she got here. What you think about this little thing? I think it's pretty cool. You know,
gives you something to do. A little few dollars. I just graduated F. S. U. So um went for five years From, I'm 50, I just turned 50 in February. So I started at 45, get my associates and now I have my bachelor's and social work. So I kind of got messed up a little bit, you know, at the end there. So, but hey,
we made it, we just gotta wait for our ceremony, but let's go. So how are you uh dealing with this whole situation?
Remember.
No Danny.
Look out since you
know our intern to take short, we were kind of doing it online and it's just me and my husband here. So we don't really do anything anyway. We sit around the house and do nothing
all day way, you know, you know, I went to five years but um he's retired so he doesn't do anything anyway. And I said really hasn't really much affected us. I go out once a week to um do groceries and get milk and essentials, but you just can't have a month of uh uh how does that stay inside?
All
You know, our
governor, he don't even get me started on him. It's not mandatory. Nothing is mandatory here really. And you know, he's leaving it up to, you know, just like the president is leaving it up to the governor's where the governor is leaving it up to this constituency. You do what you I'm telling you what I think you should do, even though I'm not listening to what I'm supposed to be done. Uh you know, you know, but we don't know. It is what it is. I wear a mask myself when I go out. Yeah
I wear a mask. Like I hadn't been out over a week. I went out today, I was gonna go to Target um and to the dollar store but I decided I went to get a bicycle thing. Oh my grand baby. Yeah,
she's
eight months. I went to get a bicycle seat at Target. And I was gonna go to because I don't like to go to walmart especially now with all of this crap. So I've been getting most of my stuff at the Dollar General because it's a lot less. Uh But I ended up just getting everything at a Target that I uh
you know, surprisingly I didn't find it any different in price really.
So yeah, I did that. And you know they had somebody there wiping off the buggies when you know while you were standing there, they wiped off the buggy and gave it to you and you got little things in front of all the registers. We
got the little things on the floors. Yeah, six ft apart. So
and it is what it is. Yeah.
Well you think about it, it's been rough for the last 15, 20 years. You think that's like actually since the 2000 started. Really? If you think about it, you know all the fires and the floods and the storms and you know in the hurricanes and the flooding there was no flooding before. You know when they flooded what three years ago? They put it twice and what, six weeks in this four little town. You know, it's just you know the way
I heard about Perry? Yeah. Well we went through Hurricane Michael, mm. Um you know at the beginning of my, when I started my Bachelors in two years ago. So we actually started started in a hurricane and ended with the pandemic. I've
actually been to three major hurricanes All of them 13 years apart. Yeah I was in Andrew and fort Lauderdale. I was in Katrina you but I lived in picking in Mississippi
uh and then I go here. Yeah. But the one thing I can say is that they have all been just this much on the other side of me. Panama
city got like poor the shreds but the beach got nothing and I live on the beach. You know you know in you know new Orleans and everything. I lived in Mississippi You know and down for a lot of doubt it hit homestead, I was a little north and for a lot of that. So I've been pretty fortunate. So I'm thinking you know it's been two years. So like in 11 years from now I need to not live anywhere on the water with the hurricane. I need to move up. Mm hmm.
You know what you saw in
this little paper that I get in the mail? Uh, 36 acres in Arizona for $14,000. I'm always looking for an investment.
super hot too.
We got him in hot. I don't know. I don't know. He's in new york for the summer and it was still human hide up there.
Yeah. Well we went and it, well, it really wasn't even in the summer. It was uh, October and I mean, but it was still, I mean it wasn't really cold, but it was 30 day. It was probably 85 still. And, but it was still hot. I mean it wasn't like, no, I don't see a little different. Really? Okay. What? So yeah
I live on the beach. Yeah.
You
ain't been here that little. I moved here like I said I moved here after Katrina so I moved here in 2000 and six. Um And it's changed since I moved here. Even I can't wait to get out of here. I'm about to be on t I've been here since 2000 and six. It's so bad because I live like right down the street from Sharky's you. It's it's so bad here. We're not at the moment. But they opened up the hotels and they opened up the beaches but they told everybody they didn't want nobody here looking up both of them then that's what I mean. I can see opening up the beaches. You know. Well there ain't nowhere to stay then you're going to curb some of the, you know the people. You know if you open up tells but not the beaches. Well who's gonna come go to the hotel? Not the beach is gonna come now. I don't know what to say to open them both.
Yeah. Well, pounds
are open
but
you know our B and Bs are not. Mhm.
Yeah.
You know, you
know six ft apart on the beach.
I'm
a big fat hotels. The track beaches of crack. I don't go out there.
My husband 52 years old almost and I can't afford for him to get sick. My grad Scott Asthma. Really, really bad. So. Yeah. Well
I didn't go to the beach anyway. I can tell you I've been on that beach 10 times in 12 years and probably 10 times as to watch the fireworks that I can actually don't even have to go out there. I can see my, my window. Yeah.
I mean the person has the first being here, you know, the family comes down and everybody else is a little more north of me. Up in Mariana and Jackson County. Up there for our north by I 10. Yeah. You know, I'm an hour for my 10. Uh
you know, people come down here, they're in Frankie's house and they park and they used to beach and you know, uh, I'm about go up to mary and I got five acres up there. I'm about to open up a big old um, uh foster care. Huh. That's the excellent goal. I want to have a big house where I should, I want to have a bunch of tiny houses, you know, like five tiny houses with like maybe like assisted living houses for like uh, you know, ones that are old enough like 17, 18, 16. Trying to get their things that you know their self together. Old. Are you okay?
Get them prepared for the world stuff? So
because that was the fun
stuff, you know, the there's the ones that needed the most. I
love
the
White
house. That's a great houses.
I
like
free. Really? I'd like to have five of them. I like I have a vision. I mean, I don't know if it ever happened, but yeah, I have a vision of how I wanted to be. But yeah, I want three houses. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I have to rely on some,
I don't know, maybe getting nonprofit status. You know, grant I took a grand plan to grant writing class in school. So
I am. I actually gave it after I finished it, I gave it to a a friend of mine, she uh is trying to open up a a a house for uh sex traffic females uh after they get out um to house them to teach you know to teach them, you know how to like almost like a safe house sort of kind of. Um So she just recently got a house donated on two acres of land. So I gave her my grant paper because I actually did it on that. Yeah, And opening up a house for that and you know, I had to like, it was like it was it was stressful, it was like 35 pages long. It was it was it was like the whole semester was like that that thing, you know it was
and
me,
oh my goodness, what you guys go
for?
that's
like
that's kind of like the grant we had to do, you know? We had to we had to we were asking for money for you know, for this purpose so we have to like spell out how you know what you're going to use the money for how you gonna measure what you're gonna do, you gonna hire, you know? Yeah. Yes. It was it was a major stuff. I gotta look it. I'm glad I took it because if I ever do this I can get a job. You know? It's it's a plus. I see a lot of applications on lengthen it says you know grant writing a plus or uh
Yeah. Business. Huh?
I've never been good at business with the money but
I don't know business.
Yeah. I was on my last real
job. I had I did give out free samples at walmart but you ever had them from there? It never goes through people there. Yeah.
They changed now. It's not the same as it was. I did it like five years ago. It was way different. five years ago that this now. Yeah.
we had a
little Pr Sue. Yeah. The orange. The orange a Yeah,
I find that it was cool.
I was that strange. So jobs like I never had jobs that like it real sad like I got like three
or four different people. That job like all it was places like You made $11 an hour just to stand and say Hi welcome to Walmart. You want to try some Doritos today? We had to I think left wits, right weeks,
months. It was cool. So we had to open up the Twix bar and put the left click on this side and the right Twix on this side with the wrapper and how people
take the difference and ask. some people actually said there was a difference.
I think the two things that ever was the fastest we did pizza whenever we did pizza, we would do the walmart pizzas, you know the fresh ones in the deli? It was took her and it's gonna take 20 minutes to cook in a little toaster oven. 30 seconds to get it be gone.
That we bought stakes when they came out with the black the black package stakes when they came out with the premium in the black package that we did it on the George foreman. And then I got to thinking woman home yours. That was cool.
That's hurt. Yeah,
I gave it our junk mail. I did junk mail for yeah, you know how like
you get those little serve pro cards like this big, they say serve pro honor with the little business cards of postcard. I did that dumb now. But yeah we used to do those, put them through the machine could do like 35,000 an hour. They run this label on it, come out the other side, stick it in the tray and loaded up in the van and taken to the post office.
Uh I've been about three years off in orange.
I would get tired you know working and then you know I would lazy up and not you know because it was one of those things but it wasn't a sex schedule. Uh
So you know I would be off like four days and then she called me and I'm lazy. I don't want to go, I want to answer the phone and it wouldn't work for like three or four months. And then she should be like messed up having everybody quit and she needs somebody, She called me back. Get half. Yeah.
Well
I don't want to work.
I think I'd better go into school five years. Yeah.
So now I've got grandkids to take care of, well I've been taking care of my one grandkids since the whole time I'm doing well in school and I got a new one and
two
size five And May's Lee is eight months. Yeah and Nyjah is nine and I have two that are in Louisiana That are four and almost two. Yeah.
my grandson James had a heart attack when he was born and he had to have a heart transplant when
he was
so he was in the hospital and Shan's for the whole time seven months
and
then but he stood almost two years old so and so good. Yeah
like
they had a big fundraiser out there you know and take you and stuff it with paper, they want the news. Um But yeah, he's so good so I'm excited. He'll be two in june yeah.
yeah.
this is
his
kid last february,
you know I, you know from over there in New Orleans and you know, I love the Mardi gras and but I never actually went to Yale, she Mardi Gras in New Orleans the whole time I was over there um Because you know my kids were young and they want to take it with all of that kind of stuff and but it never was on my birthday, february 17, 15, 18, 15, 19, whatever. Finally like three years ago, four years ago, it was on my birthday. Finally, I mean there was praised on my birthday, but fat Tuesday Mardi gras day was never on my birthday, I feel big. So we went, desire was good myself. So yeah, four or five years ago. Party girl, but I was excited. I gotta say it's going to get me out because I have my little, it's my birthday thing. Give me a little twisty diamond is looking older. Your ring, so cool, I guess.
it
was friendly, friendly. You know what we were, we were in the circle, you know, right outside of the circle, so, you know, it was, it was nice to get a nice hotel way ahead of time. It was really way
so what do you do
in your free time way?
How is your kids?
Don't
not minor. I'm 50, my nine or 29 or 30 and 28. So I had mine at $19 and $21.
Just,
she just had her and she's been for three years now. She said my biological clock's ticking and ticking and I'm like, I need to be married and in my house and they have a kid all the time. I'm 30.
Okay. So let me tell you at 29 years old. She gets married in June when she gets engaged in November or october november somewhere. She gets,
she gets right now she's pregnant in february is getting married in june. We've already bought the dress in february Before she finds out she's pregnant. So they still going to get married in June now she's 29 basic starts, she goes to nursing school, she gets engaged, she gets married, she has a kid All in one in 1 year.
But the only thing she didn't do yet was buy a house, but they're working on it. It should be 31 this in October
well, I'm on my second marriage. I my kid's dad, we separated when they were like, my daughter was like what? Surely after Katrina. So they were like 14 and 12, 15, 13 like that. Yeah. But
you know their life has been much better since this
part
of your life
has you know, been much better. Yeah.
So were you nervous about our little chat?
It's not my husband. I was like, can you turn around tv down 1/5
progress? I don't know if I got a woman, a man, black white chinese old young. I can talk to anybody. I got to get
my
Well, so um what are the conditions over there in Mississippi where you're at as far as the covid, what are your stipulations?
I
got to drink a bottle of water sitting at, you know, at the doctor's office
with my mask on. And I mean, did you lift up or do you listen to
santa? Okay. Even
I just think it's way too soon myself. Really? I do you know, we
were one of the last state, well, Georgia was the last day to shut down. They did shut down, but you were pretty late and we had already had spring break come through and everything. Yeah.
So
then they shut
it down. Shut everything down. But you can still go to walmart. I mean the only thing you really couldn't do it, you couldn't get your haircut, you could go to jail, which I didn't do like that. You couldn't go to like basic, like, you know, you can go to target anybody that sold food you could go to, but you couldn't go to like JC Penney's or you know, or you know, or any of that kind of stuff. So Pier park was kind of shut down outside the food places. But see we have this place right across the street months called Runaway Island and they had like the take out, but for the whole time because I would get one free. So every day it's a different kind of thing. And this place is normally like, like to fish Tacos and French fries would normally cost you probably like $18 there and they had
it
for $8.8 dollars if I wouldn't get one free. And they had a different thing that you did a week. So you had tacos on Tuesday, you had hamburgers on saturday and sunday, you had appetizers on Mondays, you had wings on Wednesday So my husband can get one each for $10 tax tips and everything. 10 bucks to the hill. So, so we ain't there a lot order a single rain. Yeah right across street picks up because we're not really we don't go out to eat if I go out to eat. It's usually with somebody else. My husband doesn't like to go out in public and eat and stuff. So yeah, I go out to lunch with my daughter or my sister or niece or all of us. So that the only thing I think that I miss is when my daughter comes over that we don't really go anywhere because we don't bring the baby out eight months. So we just kind of stay here. Normally we would go shopping or we could go tomorrow. We go eat all uh in the day.
That's
the problem.
Probably my biggest biggest thing that I miss. It's just that one day and it's only probably a couple of days a month that comes down to the beach. But yeah, it's I believe it's way too soon. I think in two weeks we're gonna see all you know that I think with everything opening back up in two weeks, I believe that the numbers are coming, they're already going up $1000.1000 a day. Every day you wake up in the morning, it's 1000 more. You wake up in the morning and it was
down
100 every day. It was only a couple of 100 a week and a half ago. And then you know, they opened up the beaches like last week first the opening up for the weekend for like three hours of the morning, three hours a night, which was fine. It was cool. Oh we need to break up, you know, now that's not enough for everybody because now you got people that can't enjoy it the other times they can't get there so let's hope it all up. Okay so now. Okay so the only thing
that aren't open up here I guess barbershops and and jim oh and the Airbnb s everything
else is open. I mean it's like like nothing happens here really? I don't go out in it. Like I said I checked
in two weeks because the incubation period usually they say two weeks is how long it takes before people find out that they got it or the ones that are going to show symptoms that have it. I mean I don't know how much you watched any of the stuff on tv. Um But you know
the guidelines put speaks of going down it ain't nothing went down nowhere for two days But
New Yorkers went down two weeks straight. Their numbers. Yeah.
right.
You know we're up and down up and down work. We haven't really we really never. Mhm.
Really peaked. I don't think our
numbers
have
not.
Yeah our numbers really don't haven't changed. And you know Governor de santa says you know that we have flattened the curve already. Well the only reason that our numbers haven't gone up because we don't have no testing.
You cannot you cannot get a test here. I'm telling you you will. Well you might get something here now within the last week. I think a couple of companies have came in and set up some kind of that you're supposed to be able to get that. But can you trust any of the tests that they got every night and every day? You hear some of this shit ain't working all sides. I'll surprise you.
Simple. Yeah. You got symptoms. You gotta bend
around somebody that had it.
That's just cause there's no testing. There is not enough. And just test somebody go to the doctor and say, hey, you know, I'm feeling like I got something. Can you test me like the flip?
Mhm.
Well, I don't know. I, I, I just don't know what to think about all the whole ordeal. Nothing has gone the way that I believe it's supposed to have gone.
I mean, I just work with me. I just don't think we have no leadership in the country at all. Really? Uh, I, I don't know. I mean, everybody has their own opinions about. To me all the whole government sucks. I don't care. Democrat Republican or whatever. Somebody told me a while back and I'll never forget these words. If you want your government to work for you stop electing businessmen because
if they own a business or their businessman, they out for themselves. And that's regardless of who you are, you Republican, democrat, Conservative, liberal, whatever. Everybody that's in the White House, everybody that's in the consequence. Everybody that they are all out for themselves. Yeah. You know, summer out for others and summer for the high summer for the lows. But basically, really they lining their own pockets. Yeah. So you can't, you know, you can't really my opinion. I think they should have one of each in the White House. I think if if the president is the republicans and the vice president needs to be a democrat and
Vice.
And another thing I don't like is I don't think that you should be a United States citizen just because you were born here. What? Yeah, If your parents eight citizens, you don't need to be no damn freaking citizen.
You
know, and that's been, you know, that was written in the books, but that was not the world we live in today, you know, and and because of that rule is is the reason why, you know, a lot of this immigration stuff is, you know, it is backfiring on everybody because you've got these poor kids that was born here. The parents been here 15 years, not legal now, you've got the President, you know, in the White House, don't like them for whatever reason. Okay, well, y'all not legal, Y'all need to get the hell out of here, but you can't get steak and he's the United States citizen.
What's that
can you go
to? I would be a, you know, a mexican citizen test. Were you born in now? Right. I saw this documentary on these Russians a year and a half ago and they go through these agencies, they pay like tens and 15 thousands of dollars to go through these agencies and these agencies get them to the United States within the last three months of pregnancy and they put them up in a condo. You know, they, you know, they pay for their room and board their food, they give them stipends and everything so that they can guarantee that their child will be born in the United States citizens. Yeah.
Oh my God, you probably
google
it. But it was unlike the not the Discovery Channel but not the History Channel, but one of them we'll make some crazy channels, the Discovery History um
who would have been. But yeah, it was uh maybe on the Vice channel maybe.
and and you know with this woman, you know, she was interviewing these women and you know, they were in and I came in the second half of it and she goes so you know, it's that important how you know, is it important for you to have your child born in? Because it's very very important, very important for my child to be born in the United States.
It's like, wow, yeah, you can probably google it. I don't remember the neighborhood, but I know I saw it on tv it was a documentary and probably google I don't know baby because you can google anything uh uh Russian women, Children born in the United States agencies helping Russians pregnancy, something like that. Yeah, I'm sure you can find something. But yeah um
to the United States Citizen Awards
affords a lot of stuff.
You know, and I mean look how long you can live here without being a citizen. It's
most you don't, you know apply for nothing from the government. They really don't really care. It's when you start in, you know, we're the only the only country in the world
in the whole world, well not the whole only the only developed country, okay. Because a lot of countries don't have, that doesn't have universal health care paid by the government.
We are the only country in the world that's developed, you know, a big country that does not have universal health care and you know why our healthcare is tied to our employment.
I learned this in school because back in the day when the Depression was around, uh they were had shortage of workers. Yeah. Because of whatever was going on, I think they needed them for something, they needed the workers for something else. So there was a shortage of workers. So the companies that were hiring people that would give them an incentive To come work for them. So like I'll give you I can't give you a lot of money because they were only allowed to pay them like $5 or $10 a day or something. That's something But that would give them incentive like OK I can give you $5 a day but I can give you you know whatever and help that ended up being today would be health insurance but they didn't call it health insurance then you know? But yeah that's where it started from. It was actually an incentive to work for somebody. Like I'll pay your medical if you can't work for me. Okay.
Yeah.
Like I learned that in my uh in my social justice class. Uh Oh yeah. Just some interesting information. I like to learn stuff when I learn stuff like fasting all the people. Yeah
so you can you know, tell your kids up and look it up. Yeah.
That,
Got our timing. So that's good. Nice to continue
you too,