Hi, how's it going?
You know? Okay. Yeah.
My name is Robin. What about yours
to meet you too? This is like the third time I've tried this in
the first time I actually like met somebody.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So I don't like is it just I wasn't are we just having a conversation?
Is that all
does?
Yeah. That's that's kind of depression. I got I figured that was why people were so flaky. But yeah.
So what do you do?
That's
not
Yeah. A similar vote. I sort of I graduated from grad school this year and I'm yeah, thank you. But but my job start date got delayed uh at the end of summer. So I'm just, you know, you know that's how it goes.
Wait what degree or what major?
Um So a PhD in material science and Engineering. Yeah.
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah. It was it was a lot of time and effort. But
it's cool. So what did you study? What do you what do you do?
Come on.
Who's
that?
You've worked hard? That's
That's a that's cool. I am in retrospect. I can say it had its ups and downs like it was like a hard, it was like a hard period of time. I mean there were there were really cool things about it. I mean I
think
I I needed it to kind of well partly just to prove that I could and partly because it informs
future work and stuff. But also like the only thing I will say if you decide to go make sure you get like a good research advisor because yeah it
makes or breaks your experience. I know people who really loved it um and who really hated it and I know that the big difference is their advisor so.
What what was the job?
go on.
That
makes it
figured out a little bit. Oh um
and
let me see, are you do you know like if you went to grad school guys is that like the plan is that
No, no if you if you go to grad school you'll be funded through your through your advisor who's going to you know what your project is Anyways like it's not it's not better. I mean you should have some clear picture of like what kind of things you want to study but you shouldn't,
its
heart set on a specific project, you're not gonna get projects.
that's
Big sense gotcha. So
what do you what drew you to Biology? Like what do you like about it?
Go out. That's awesome. My my my aunt is a like a botanist
type. Yeah
I mean, so so these days, I mean she's very near the end of her career, so these days she's working at the university of Illinois and but she she's still actually she does she help sort of maintain their research crops? They've been growing there and
like like um the university of Illinois.
Yeah. There's there's a shot. Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah and I guess they just brought
her back in because like I guess the plants are more like time sensitive than a lot of the stuff. Mhm.
I mean I can't believe it. You know, I'm here in massachusetts and it's a quarter of the state is unemployed now like.
The union. Uh huh.
How do you like in new york? Like not in coronavirus signs. Are you in the city? Are you in this? Just
got
it.
Look
at them.
That's cool.
What?
makes sense. I
uh I went to high school kind of outside just outside Chicago and uh I
I like
the city and I really hate the suburbs, I I just can't stand the suburbs may not. Um But it's it's it's nice living in a city and now boston, like you can get anywhere in boston are anything like that, It's super easily traversed. There's still like enough going on that. It's like there's interesting stuff to go and do and I like that a little bit better too. But it's I think
I think I think I
prefer some place that's got like space a little bit more.
I think I'm good as long as there's like a big park or something around here where I can go and not hear cars.
Yeah. Yeah, well the new york central Park which is like not exactly the same thing, but it's really beautiful. I I hadn't actually been to Central Park until a couple years ago, but yeah, like it's amazing that that exists in the middle of the city. I've never heard of another one where there's this huge chunk of like unplanned and you've got to get people are after it a little bit but
Yeah, it's awesome. Yeah,
we have the we have the boston commons which is uh interesting because it used to basically just be like a cow pasture, kind of like like it was it was the communal land where people kept their cattle and then uh of course like the whole street work of boston is sort of the same same way, like the streets don't make any sense,
they're not
woman
crazy.
I mean, I think the basic like, you know the basic planning motif for boston was like we're going to plunk down a church and
of building for people live and then maybe later we'll build some roads. So yeah, it was but uh yeah, no, it was, it was interesting and it's been, I mean, you know, I think, I think Chicago was like that too, but Chicago
burned down. And so Chicago is like incredibly well planned now because because you know, 100 years ago they burned down and they like saw the utility of building like a well planned city. And so there's like, it's sort of like new york but it's better organized because it has alleys
between all the buildings and so like the traps doesn't just go out in the street, which is really, really nice And then there's like a secondary, like a secondary roadway that goes under the city. So like the highway go just beneath Chicago so you don't have to stop, which is which is pretty cool too.
But
of course like if the cost is like burning down the whole city
in order to have
like
back.
Yeah. Yeah, I will not say like everything about Chicago is better than new york. That's certainly not true, but but
certainly the planning is a little bit nice. I
like it, I really appreciate it. Like living in boston. Like I like I like the planning in Chicago more living here.
it's a beautiful place and we'll circle back to Champagne because that's where
I'm from.
But uh but no, they uh I really I really quite enjoyed uh Chicago and and I mean it's terrible in the winter, that's that's what I'll say about it. Um But in the summer you can you can like, so it has it's like all along lake shore drive, and so you can just you can like start south of the city and just bicycle up and you can you can basically like, you know, at any point, veer off into the city and get almost anywhere, but you can also just like there's this little patch of space between the city and the beach. Um And they've got they've got some kind of concrete, various, you can see the city, but you can't really hear the city anymore, it's really it's really nice, it's sort of something else. Um And then of course you can steer off and go to the zoo or whatever else you want to do. Uh But it's it's a beautiful place in the summer like because, you know, the city just ends and you're on the beach and so like it's just a nice like you can kind of go explore, do the whole thing. The other thing is you have to be, it's like a really dangerous city if you don't
like it just but it's only certain neighborhoods, so you just have to like not not miss your stop on the bus or things like that, you're going to be fine and and it's it's dangerous but it's really dangerous for the people who live there like, which is not really better, but I guess it's better if you're a tourist, which is kind of the boat that I was in most of time. Uh huh. But yeah, no, it's just like a nice place to be. It's also like if you're from the midwest, it's like the only big city around stuff, it's, it's not not going for it,
but
yeah, no, and from champagne with, which was three hours from everything so
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Well the, I need some other, um, the university has a cornfield over its library, like on light on top of its library, which is really interesting. I didn't know that like significantly older, but it's like a research field. And
so
they're
like growing like test crops and stuff there.
Uh and it's incredibly stupidly place because they like dumbbell out of the heat from the building in one corner of the field. And so, and so like the coronary just grows a lot shorter and it's like a terrible research field, but I'm sure it was important to the university's image or something, so. Hey.
Yeah, well I went to college in Iowa and it gets even more cornish there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because, well I will say this like despite the fact that I come from Illinois have to acknowledge that the corn is better in Iowa but
there's just nothing else going on.
Yeah. I mean it just tastes better. I have no idea why. Just that was, that was my experience of it. But yeah, I'm
really missing being at a good sweet corn here. But
that's okay. There's other stuff. So
I've
been
looking
for drugs.
I love deep dish pizza. I appear to be in the minority somehow. But it's so, I mean it's terrible for you. It's like three meals and one but it's, it's great. It's just tons of cheese and sauce and I like it. I like thin crust stuff too. But I always feel like it it's like More of a rip off. Like you pay $20, you get this enormous thing of pizza or you get like this tiny little like
cracker.
Thank
you.
it's impressed. Were priced differently. I'd probably
be like a thin cross fan but it's like the same price for like, like just significantly less amount of food. And it's still it's like good either way. I don't know. There's this famous restaurant in Chicago where you can go and and the whole thing is like you eat the deep dish there but you also can graffiti the walls which is kind of fun. So
there's
everybody who's been there like writing their name on the walls or the booths or things like that. So I don't know I mean I'm a fan plus it's just like, you know, it's just like a callback for me so like like it reminds me of happy times. So. but I take it you're not a not a not a
deep dish person.
Crystal.
Yeah. Alright goes I won't criticize I understand,
you know,
I mean the midwest don't even have that many regional foods either, so like,
you know your secret. Yeah.
Well, I mean, so there's like there's the deep dish thing, which is the one that I've been here too. There's sort of anything corn based. Uh huh. There's there's really not much else that I'm aware of because I mean it's, you know, I mean you can get whatever in Chicago, but like most of the midwest kind of is more I guess based on, you know, it's like when I went to California, I was excited
to eat a salad for the first time because because it was so much better than and I'm there and I'm like, I'm vegetarian um and so like I eat salads and things all the time, but like, I was really excited because like from the very first one I had there, like the ingredients were so much fresher and it was like, you know, it was just, everything tasted better because it was growing like 50 miles from there as
opposed to like 1000 miles from there. And so like, you know, I think like the regional foods to some extent, just like what's local because you can get it fresh air. Um
Like I'm sure I would like the seafood here except that I'm vegetarian, so
I really have no idea, but but
in the midwest it's like the only things that they grow there are like corn soy,
there's a lot of pigs farms I think, and then, and then in Illinois there's like pumpkins, I suppose Illinois is the biggest pumpkin exporter in the country, but yeah, details, but but I don't think we have like too many like regionally specific things, we just kind of grow like mostly corn for animal feed um and stuff, so so it's like, I don't know, it's not that exciting and so I'll take I'll take the occasional things that can get. Sorry?
Uh huh. I well, first of all, I just don't like the taste of meat that much.
never did. And so it seemed really easy and then given that it was really easy, it seemed kind of pointless to eat meat, like like I guess if you rephrase the question is like why should you eat meat given environmental concerns and the fact that have to kill animals for it and whatever, like it's, it just never seemed worth it given the very marginal amount of enjoy that I derived from consuming it and so I didn't eat it anymore and I'm sort of stuck with that and now, you know, it's been like this was this was middle school, so it's been like
30
years or 14 years, so like now now I probably can't even metabolize it quite anymore
because the vegetarians, the vegetarian for a long time sort of lose the the ability have to like wean themselves back onto it if they want to eat it again. Yeah,
I don't know, I missed it,
but.
Yeah, I mean, so, so the weird thing about like the weird thing about it is that you end up with a very sort of eclectic set of like meals the mix, so like, I'll split between like enchiladas, I eat like a lot of pasta based stuff. There's, you know, I do, I do a lot of like, they're like good sandwiches or I didn't do a lot of soup, things like that, mainly because I'm cooking all this stuff myself too, so I
got
I'm not like an expert. Um but there you can do some pretty good vegetarian stir fry some things to um I don't
know, I think, I think the main thing is like building up a base of things that you like that don't have meat
and then it
needs to like not eat it anymore, that
I don't know because that's that's the thing. I we also just didn't eat that much meat when I was a kid, like
we would need an occasionally, but it's kind of a luxury. And so it was not, it was not that hard because it wasn't that much of my diet, like my main staple was probably like pasta or things like that, and so um you know, I I I would would have been much harder pressed to give up that or to give up cheese even, which I know is environment, but I'm not a vegan because I think that would really markedly change my quality of life in a way that meat did not. Um
Yeah, I mean like, think about like, no pizza, no, you know? Uh
Yeah, it's great. So like, I think that would be really tough for me, whereas like, you know, steak, I I like steak back when, but not, you know, I ate it maybe once it once a month or something, like I didn't, you know, and and Mhm. Poor, I've always hated in alterations. Chicken was good. Um Fish was good, but I've sort of rarely had either of those either. And so like, you know, it just wasn't it wasn't a big deal. There are certain foods that I really missed. I miss orange chicken a lot, which was yeah, it's just like odd, odd bits and bits and pieces, but for the most part, you know it was easy. Um Key sh there's a good teacher principal. Yeah, I
like that, that's a good one. Um But it's it's weird like you just kind of take it where you can get it. I
want to I want to get into like cooking indian food because that is
Yeah, but it's so hard because like you know, I mean it's more like so much, so much of indian cooking is like a word to word of mouth, like there there are recipes online, but that's like how everybody learns it. And the other thing is like, my understanding is that you sort of prep all the spices in advance uh
because
that's the easiest way to like make it and so and so like you can I think you can buy it, I've done a little bit of this um but you can buy like pre mixed spices and stuff but it's not the same. Exactly, so.
Yeah and I do a little bit of that but I'm not I'm not mastered it at all, it's like a thing I want to get good at. Uh huh. I cooked with G for the first time recently, I have not tried for it. It is it's interesting I mean it's it's like yeah it's a it's not that weird like you don't
really but I think it does sort of suddenly changed tastes in some way that I hadn't really expected. Um So it's cool um So yeah I don't know. What about you? What do you like to eat? What are your favorite
foods?
Meet those. Yeah I
think that's like one of the big pluses of like being in a city really is you get the trial of it and so you kind of know you know what's what you want um You have a cat but.
That's
cute.
Uh huh. Yeah I just saw the big tough of it,
you know?
Mhm. Yeah
that's nice. Are
you are you like give roommates, are you by yourself, are you?
mm. Gotcha. How's that? Is that is that like okay or is
it? I don't know.
that's nice.
That's
good. Yeah I I moved back with my parents sort of after after undergrad for first few months. It wasn't it wasn't bad. The main thing I found was like, it was a little bit lonely because um you know, I
guess like drawbacks of living in like a town as opposed to cities, like most, most of people I knew at that point we're not there anymore and so like, you know, there wasn't much to do outside of home and like, I love my parents and have like a good relationship, so it was like, okay, but it was just, you know, they were they were working all the time and it was not, you know, it's not exciting. Is it, is it weird with them? Like, like living like with the state home order in place, like no one can leave any point?
Another
example.
I've been doing, I've been doing some of that, but I find it so like panic inducing to walk around in a mask, like
It's
not so pleasant anymore. It was it's okay now that I've gotten used to it. I had to do it a few times. First time. No, like, like right after they put the order about the masks and play, I was I was I just walked down and I have made the mistake of walking towards the towards downtown instead of away from it. And every I saw five ambulances and like, free scratchers, like it was, it
was a mess because everything was heating up here at that point and so it was just miserable like and it was night and it was dark
and right, it was it was it was not a good decision. I mean like, you know, I walk around at night all the time, but
uh I didn't, that was that was a scary time to be out. And I felt like, and I just got back and it's like I can't, I just like stayed inside for a week. Like I just really didn't want to, I didn't want to go back out. But since then I found like places with your people or, you know, and that's been that's been better. So,
I stopped wearing them because like, I mean, I, I can't really see, but like I can see enough not to hit people.
Thanks.
Got that Nice. All right. Well, I think we did our time, so. Oh yeah, cool.
Thanks so much. It's been really, yeah, nice
to meet you and
good luck with it with the job hunts and hopefully things come back online soon. And uh,
thanks.
Yeah, Thank you so much. Take care,