I'm literally 10 minutes early. Oh that's interesting. Okay my room looks like shit. I wonder how many people are gonna see this part. Oh my god, I think we're gonna get sweater, it's kind of cold. Um It's like ray here? Oh. Uh Oh okay. Uh huh. Oh my God, laying here is like kind of really bad. I look really gracie. Yeah. Okay. Do not move on the next page to leave open the conversation in a new tab. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Was his? Oh no, I close the thing with that's fine. I can tell time. Um Yeah, I don't want to turn on myself off. Um Mhm Yeah mm Yeah yeah mhm I don't know if the single is good, like a higher angle or lower angle bleeding. No it's fine, it's fine, it's fine. I think the leading will be better there. Shit, I'm gonna check it. I'm just gonna just out I said like here no it looks the same, we're just going to do that so you don't really see my friend. It's kind of big. I was still the way to test my mike. Like I don't know if it actually is gonna work. Uh my God. When I talk about 25 minutes, it seems so long. But also like really sure. So nervous. Yeah. Child. Um Okay. Uh huh. Before my partner doesn't show up. I'm just sitting here like a dummy. Yeah. There is a possibility. Yeah. Yeah. It's also kind of early. Mm hmm. I mean, I've been waking up at this time, but I don't know if normal people wake up this time anymore. Oh, okay. Get some stuff for a boy. No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh my God, I'm computers. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah, wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Track there's no. Yeah. Yeah. Why does my head look giant right now? Like my head actually I look like a fucking Oh no, no, no, no curse words. No curse words look like a bobblehead. Mm You're gonna, I've been somewhere back. Could not honestly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. What does my chin look so chilly? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Charm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I guess all we have to leave. Hello?
Um, it's good. How are you?
what's your name
jennifer? Nice to meet you.
No,
wait really? You like signed up for it And like two people, it didn't, they didn't show up. Oh my God, that's nuts. I like signed up yesterday and I was so nervous. Yeah.
You
know,
I, I think so. There's no like topic or anything. It's just us talking and I think they're trying to study how people talk. I don't know.
Yeah.
Um, Well right now because of coronavirus, I'm just at home I like lost my job, was supposed to start something new, but then you know, everything wanted to lock down so yeah, I'm just
here
doing some studies now I guess. Yeah. What about you?
my God, what did you graduate with are like?
Yeah, yeah, degree, nature whatever I guess.
Oh my God, where you congrats? That's crazy.
Now, I just got my bachelor's, so it's like you got your PhD? Oh my God.
no.
um I studied biology and japanese and I had
in asian studies, so just kind
of like
a mix of a bunch of things.
No I guess, but not really any results right now. I don't know, I was thinking about grad school or I'm not really sure what to do yet, but yeah.
I'm
on
What?
It,
Yeah. I think, yeah, definitely. Like people say it's not really like the school or necessarily the program, it's definitely your advisor and like what they're studying and what you want to study. Okay. That's, that's helpful.
Um So I was working as a receptionist at a acupuncture clinic and then,
yeah, then I was going to work in a bubble tea place. I don't know, just just as like something temporary right now, but you
know.
But
Yeah.
It,
Not right now. It's like not, I feel like if you want to go to grad school, you should have some kind of idea. Like a specific topic. You know, something you really want to go in for. You don't think so. Like I'm just
Or
like what?
Yeah. I think more like just what career would come after getting like the degree. That's what
I don't really have a clear picture on right now.
Yeah.
I mean like in high school I went to kind of science in school but I wasn't really into it then. And then I think I wanted to do pretty much, you know, I feel like everyone who's kind of science, he goes through there like I'm going to do pre-med phase. And then I heard the M cat was like seven hours and I was like, I don't really like going to a medical field. I'm really squeamish when it comes to just like organs and blood and stuff. And I was like, okay, maybe not this. And then I took one class about um plant evolution and diversity. And then I just got really interested in plants. And I kept taking classes with that professor and
Wait,
does she do?
Oh, that's cool. Wait, what's the university of Illinois?
Oh, like the, okay. Okay. Because I know there's like some different ones, you know, some like,
Mhm.
Come
it's pretty bad. Just a lot of things just put on hold and I can't imagine some people's research. It's just all just, what are you gonna do now? Yeah.
Oh, I'm in new york, so it's
pretty bad.
in the city, in
the city.
So
I
mean I've lived here all my life. It's, it's pretty fun. I feel like I'm just so adapted to the city just having just like, I guess grocery stores, if you need anything, you can just go out or just taking the subway. Um
Yeah, it's always not only a shock, but when I visit friends who they live in the suburbs and they used to more I guess kind of low key life, I'm just like wow,
I can't imagine what this is like. Mhm.
I
I
I
I
I
yeah not like super crowded but not just houses for the next, like who knows how long? No, I definitely feel.
like some nature a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah, because I think when they were making the city like people started settling from the south and they went up and I think at one point they were like okay we're gonna take this big chunk of land and just make it apart before anyone even gets up there. So it was a planning in advance, but yeah.
Yeah.
I
have heard
that. Yeah,
they kind of just curve around and just yeah,
all right.
Union.
No.
no,
but
you
know,
you can't really do that, it's like
it just kinda happened, so that's that's the chance.
But
even,
damn. You know, I haven't really been to Chicago, I only flew to the airport like once and then I hopped on a bus, I went to visit a friend at um university of Illinois at Urbana Champagne, so it was just on the bus and then that's it. So I really wish I got to see more of like Chicago the city
anyway
when we Really? Oh my God, that's nice. Mhm
well I've heard
I see
you
yeah, yeah, and it's just like
all cornfields on the way there and I'm like, wow, this is, this is the midwest, it's flat and corn finals
I
don't
want
I see.
there's like all the memes about chord, it's so funny.
Hello?
What makes it better there? Like the taste or?
I
and we're
that yeah, like I imagine
if
I leave
new york, it's just going to be like no good bagels
or pizza, it's just, it's just in the water. Just, what do you think about Chicago? Deep dish pizza?
it's
like thin crust. I'm okay when
you put
it that way, I can see it, but hi,
for real.
and
law.
Not,
not really. It's just, it's actually, it just doesn't really feel like pizza because it's, it's like, it's just like a big pie, you know, like a her castle.
I don't, I don't know, it's just, I think a pizza, I think of the thin crust, you can pick it up. But yeah,
it's just regional differences.
No,
like
What do they have? Like?
No.
what?
hmm.
And,
but
And
Yeah. Yeah, I see. Where are you vegetarian
well. Mm
my
home
and
I see.
I've been trying
to cut down on like meat based products, like dairy based products to just like environment, just health. Also it just feels kind of weird eating it if you're like breaking down like it's I don't know, it's kind of weird feelings sometimes. Um what are your favorite like vegetarian dishes that are you anything you recommend?
I'm
gonna
I
I
remember
that
and
Because of cheese or
you just slap a bunch of cheese on posture like anything, it makes it better. Yeah.
she?
One
that would be, yeah, because all the spices and then you just like, like curries and other things. Yeah.
You
know,
I mean, I like watching videos online, just like following a recipe and then maybe just following it and then it's like, okay, well I would change this, this and this and then the next time you make it you change it. I know they do have like um Garam masala and other like a lot of the mix, is there just the spices and you can just buy it separately? Like make your own mix so mhm
what?
on?
I mean I really like cooking like japanese food or chinese food, just kind of everything honestly, because my dad would cook everything like spanish food to just regularly italian just like everything is so good.
I
she just just sitting on the ground. I don't have like like the desk where I normally sit out, it's not bright enough and they're like make sure it's like nice and right, so okay everybody but yeah, I just
want to
I was wondering why one of them didn't like show up earlier, Honestly,
never
mind or something. Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm.
I'm living with my parents right now. I'd like moved back after, after school ended, so
It's,
I mean at first it was kind of like, oh my God, at first it was kind of like not that ideal, but they've given me more space now, so it's
yeah, it's better. It's just for me, the idea of moving out right now, it's just not feasible given the cost and it's like I'll probably have to go deal with roommates and it's like, oh my God, it seems just kind of like a mess. So if it's not, if it's like tolerable then you have the cats and stuff, it's not really too much
of a working.
I
Um Oh, it's not, it's not that no one can leave. It's just that it's just like highly highly recommended
to
like my dad, he's really social. So he still goes out like every day, but he makes sure he wears masked. He's like if about it. And I mean it's not super weird because they're both retired anyways, so they're kind of home. So anything, they're just home a little bit more like my mom would go out in the mornings and now she doesn't, I think she went for a walk with her friends today. So um it's not sick.
I really don't like going outside. Like I've been outside like three times to go to like a pharmacy to get some medicine. That's it because it's just, it's not, it's not
great.
like
no.
And
that's good. I just, I just hate wearing a mask. It's so, and it's like you know what your glass, if you don't get in the right spot, it'll just fog everything up when you're walking.
oh, okay. I'm no,
I'm like super blind so I can't, I can't just that word, like pinch it just correctly so that way the air will go up and just not fog everything. Yeah.
Uh huh
Well,
you know,
Good luck with your job in the fall when it starts
then.
Yeah. You too. I.