you? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
I'm good, how are you?
Nice to meet you. Too many. My name is dan.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, I love them.
Yeah. Is that a liqueur? Shoot
Um I'm not a huge basketball fan but I know I kind of follow it, but yeah.
Good morning.
Yeah, I've heard about that. I haven't seen any episode yet. Do you like any other sports?
Right. Um What kind of sports do you play?
Um I like baseball. Baseball's my primary sport, like football. Mm I do follow some basketball. Uh Yeah,
I'm from California and Huntington Beach.
I have not. Yeah, it's crazy all those people over there,
it's so embarrassed you like these people do not represent me
of
the
men.
Right, that's fine. All these people congregating in the beach. Yeah, I saw the photo of that guy were in Damascus like you think or do you think this is a bit but you're still worrying about what does not add up?
I've been doing it for like a couple of weeks. I've actually made some decent money off for such a short time frame. Yeah.
Yeah, I want to make a few extra bucks on the side.
How long have you been to that? Sorry.
That's cool.
Right. Have you gotten a lot of the coronavirus surveys?
huh.
Yeah. Well, I think most of them might have been, I think like almost all of them at least ask something about it. Even spent about something else.
Yeah. Yeah.
So um are you on leave from work?
that sucks.
Um I'm on leave for my last job.
I was already looking for something new anyway, but um I haven't had much luck in that department yet.
I'm a graphic designer.
How about you?
Well.
I
hope
that picks up soon, or at least after all this is done.
Kind of Yeah, I'm into our time in the tech, so.
I've been doing it for like the past five years.
Yeah. I have a B. A in graphic design. I went to cal state fortune. Yeah.
Yeah. I was born here in Orange County and I've always been here, I've lived in different cities, but I've pretty much always been in Orange County. Mhm.
No.
Thanks.
Um How old has left paid?
No.
I've considered it, but I haven't really done it yet. I was considering doing doordash. Maybe I'll do that. We set up there um like some of those days down,
Yeah, you go to a like a fast food place, pick it up and drop it off, yeah
um what what country were you saying?
I am not.
Well um
what made you really
um why were you going there, where you like?
Did you like it there?
huh
that's cool.
so how have you been keeping yourself busy during this time?
No.
well I've been doing this, I've been taking some robbery design courses just to keep my skills fresh. Yeah, I have T mobile and I'm the app t mobile Tuesdays and so one week they were operating like four weeks free of this online glass type thing. Show academy.
Yeah. They have all kinds of uh, figured it was a while since I had studied graphic design. So I figured it would be a good chance to um, keep my skills fresh.
I don't do a lot of it, but I do enjoy it. How about you?
I was asking how about you? Yeah.
Right. It's a good time for that.
It,
Yeah, it is.
Um, my dad lives like 15 minutes away from me. Yeah,
I visit him like once a week, but
He's doing all right.
sense.
All right.
Ask
him. Right.
So do you have any binge watching or?
I've seen a couple of this is, but I need to go back to it.
Yeah, I heard it was really good.
Well um I had like a bunch of other shows that I had wanted to watch, that kind of guy anyway, but I'll get around to it sometime. Mhm.
Um I just finished Zachary to diet
santa Clarita night,
it's kind of a horror comedy type being, It's about this woman who becomes like a Zombie and um she has to like eight a bunch of people to stay alive and like she's got this family, like her husband and her daughter, so they like do their best to kind of keep her under a low profile and keep the family together.
That's a good question. Oh
it's pretty out there, but it's something you don't usually see like um a lot of the horses, are you straight horror or like horror dramas, but you don't see a lot of horror comedies like that.
Anyway.
Um just like the shows that I watch like every week.
Um Let's see um Young Sheldon, that was a Big Bang still. Yeah.
Um it's definitely different, but it's good. I like it. You put us on my watch The Simpsons. I still watch that.
Um I don't love them as much as I love like the first few seasons, but they're still good.
And
so am I?
I kind of stopped watching it for a bit, but I got back into it.
Mhm. Like I like them and I don't love them, but I like
Yeah, the Montero 1's a classic.
huh
Um I couldn't get, I've seen a few episodes here and there, but I can't really get into that.
I love billy. Um that shows actually gone better in recent years. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, it got that point. It was like the Simpsons were the quality kind of suffered but I never thought I'd say this, but it's actually gotten better since the Disney deal. Yeah,
I'm not sure what happened, but I thought for sure like the quality would take once Disney got involved. Um like if anything, they've taken like the occasional shot.
you
what?
I think I remember that one.
It is.
Yeah, I think now they're starting to do that with family guy too because outlook like it's weird because um like the first like, like most of the seasons are still on like adult swim so fx you know, they should like the last two or something like that. Mhm.
I know because I think it had something to do with like the nature of the deal with adult swim and tbs those channels
but I think that deals expiring like next year.
Yeah. I want you to kill you know
I like it but I'm not like a big fan of it.
But watching a lot of martin lately
um With Martin Lawrence like he like dresses up as a bunch of different characters. Like he plays his mom, he plays like a neighbor, he plays this little kid.
He's
crazy.
I know. Yeah it was like around 92 I think it was. But I like the show. Yeah but now they show it all the time. I like B. T. And VH one. Which is funny because you know that used to be like a music channel now. I just feel like mostly like old sitcoms like um martin and Lewis brothers.
Right. Like most channels like forever purpose themselves by now.
That's a good question. MTV still shows the video music awards. So you think they'd show more?
Some stuff like that. Yeah.
Watching tv.
Yeah that one was good. This
Right. I think I saw one where they play a gaming system in the best. Oh there
I think it was yeah.
It was
a tracker at suv.
It was
right. Or at least you like normal modifications to like a paint job or paul strings like I'm driving out and he did this playstation in my in the back of my car and I'm never gonna see anyway. Mhm.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Do you remember like MTV cribs? I think they're showing that around the same time. Well,
Yeah. Yeah.
Right. Smaller and lighter too. It's not like one of those big old heavy things that was that blows my mind. Like the used those used to be TVs and now they're like much simpler now. Uh huh.
right. I remember one of those bigger screen TVs like they take up most of the room.
I think it looks like we're roughly around the 25 mark.
You do a few more minutes just to make sure
um I did this one last week were um it was over the course of a few days and they asked you how it was. One of them was one of those corona by ones but I used to ask you every day how you're feeling and they had you install this app and like some of the notification just be tips on how to relax and stuff. I thought that was pretty interesting.
He was something along the line that was like um like doing like things to help you relax and feel better.
and how have you found it pretty easy to relax during their.
All
that's you.
Yeah. Yeah. I hope things get better for you.
Um It depends like some of these all go exercise. Sometimes I watch some tv or just like get some extra sleep that I probably want to have gone. Yeah. Looks like
it hasn't been like it's been stressful but not entirely like some things about having nice so I'm thankful for that.
Yeah. Same here I feel for everyone who's like how the small business and this suffering right now.
It really is.
So um looks like we're okay all the time. So I'm
not that
nice meeting you too. I enjoyed this. Yeah.
You too. Good luck with everything.