Hey, how are you?
Good. Nice to meet you.
dan hey, I'm kevin.
You're a fan of Pantera.
That is,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is from the three peat. Are you a basketball fan?
Yeah, I've been watching
Gordon documentary. It's been on the Yeah,
Uh Yeah, I like I like playing most sports. Um but I think what I think basketball's moments where I watch uh yeah, there's part a little more boring for me to watch. You know, I'm an active, you know, like like doing stuff.
Uh huh. I like to run and bike my bike out there uh to run by uh swimming, doing stuff at the beach. Soccer. Um Football. I like playing um never I've never played like on a team like tackle football. Uh Yeah. Um like basketball. Obviously we're late for basketball. Yeah. Yeah. How about you? Want any sports?
What, whereabouts are you?
Oh cool. I grew up in L. A. And I'm saying in san Diego right now A Yeah. So have you gone to the beach yet?
Yeah it's like
You know here they opened up the beaches but
it's
like
you can't stay in there but you can't hang out. It's like you go for a walk, you know? Which is like that's good. You know like that where people keep their distance and
Mm. Oh man. Yeah it's pretty nuts being prolific for,
you started because of like your home because of the pandemic and stuff or
Yeah same here,
same thing like yeah maybe three weeks for remember actually it was the very beginning of april yeah, so four weeks now.
Yeah I think I've made like $60.80. I mean like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. It's like and it's I'm really interested in like research and stuff so it's cool just like what are people asking about like even this? I'm like what do they want to know? Like
almost all of them are coronavirus. Yeah.
Yeah. You do.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like you do this whole story about something and then at the very end, have you been affected by coronavirus? Yeah.
Man.
Actually I got I was supposed to start a new job and they they eliminated the position because of the Yeah.
Yeah man. Thanks. Uh Yeah, so now I'm looking again um So it's been kind of a tough tough past month. I was expecting I was started driving. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, it's like there's right now because of like the unemployment and the $1,200 stimulus payment. Like I'm able to kind of get by with that. But I mean that's just for a couple of months, you know? How about yourself?
The
Yeah. Yeah. What kind of work do you do?
No fool. Nice.
I'm
an urban planner. Better. Yeah. So
the
question.
Yeah, I really hope so too. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure you'll find something great. Are you going to art and stuff too?
Mhm. I see. Nice. How long you been doing that for?
Okay, wow. Thanks. Did you is where you were trained in college?
Orange Orange County your whole life?
know I was driving lift for a while like right before because I was living abroad and then I came back to the country in january.
We're looking for work then and I'm like okay, like I'm like looking for I'm sure I'll find something but I'll describe the different, I just keep busy, you know, like I can't just stay at home all the time. Little did I, we'll be staying at home all the time. Uh I was trying to lift like and I would I was staying with my parents in L. A. At the time and then I was also looking for a place in san Diego and so travelers like in between and stuff. And then I did a few rides actually in Huntington beach. And it made me realize like I lived my whole life in southern California. And I grew up in the south bay south of L. A. Like
very close planning condition. I'm like I've never been here like I think once or twice I've driven through honey to beach. Like it's so pretty. It's different. It's quite different actually. Uh It was like wait this is possible. No.
Uh live, it's not very good. Um I would it depends on the city or in but um like for example in L. A. It pays you more per hour and less per mile. And because
they buy time and distance and san Diego is the opposite, they pay you a little bit more for distance and a little bit less for time. Mhm. And yeah so like in L. A. You know I would drive like if I would, I would usually do like four or five hours at a time and like on a good on a good day in four or five hours I could get like 100 bucks. Uh But maybe more like 80 $8200. But that's that's of course not including my gas and then also to wear on my car. So yeah like I mean when you calculate it comes out to like about $15 an hour san Diego. I liked more because there are a lot more tourists. Um, and they're more likely to tip I think. Um, so yeah, you ever done anything like that?
yeah. Is that, that's food delivery?
Okay.
I was living in Israel in Haifa. Yeah. You ever been there?
Yeah, it was, it's a very interesting place. Mm hmm. Uh, but it was close there for 2.5 years.
Yeah,
pardon?
well, so I'm a member of the Baha'i faith and in Haifa is the world center of the Baha'i community. Uh, and so it's like it was there before um like Israel was established as a state and so the by faith was founded in Iran, but the founder of the by faith was eventually exiled to what is now Israel uh, this time it was part of the Ottoman Empire and yeah, I was doing volunteer service there for 2.5 years. Uh and it's really cool, there's like, because it's like the kind of center of our faith, there's like these beautiful gardens and holy places there all right, and Haifa, it's like, it's like the second city of Israel, it's not as big Jerusalem tel Aviv, but it's also um and as a city itself, like it's a really interesting place. Uh huh Yeah, it's kind of long beach, like a little, you know like, but like, but also it's very for the water, it's really pretty.
Yeah, I really loved it at first like um Israeli people are kind of, they seem like a little gruff ah
but I realized like that's how they show their love is kind of through gruffness, I realized I really liked it actually. Um yeah, it's very charming and like the cities are all kind of create like in the Middle East cities are very different from in in this fish in California. Like it's what we would, we would think it's disorganized, you know, because it kind of, I mean it is, but like there's a different way that it's organized, you know? Uh huh. And like I kind of figured it out eventually. I'm like, oh that's that's why I like this is here, that's there and like, yeah, it's a cool place to live.
But I did it. Yeah. Yeah,
I do I do these these things. Um and I do a lot of reading.
I'm reading a couple of different books right now. I'm listening one book I'm listening to which I don't like audio books, but it's good. I can go for a walk and listen. And then this book, I'm reading, the actual book, I'm doing. A lot of them are not a lot, but every so often when I see like a weapon or that I'm really interested in. I do. Uh huh. Yeah. How about yourself?
Shot Academy. That's cool. Is they have all kinds of classes?
That's really cool cigarette. Yeah, I should think about that. I've been thinking of like different courses to take things to try to learn. Do you like to cook?
Sorry, go ahead.
I love cooking and like I just, I've noticed like everyone has some new cooking project they're doing,
Yeah, like sour dough mode. My
dad's been baking. My dad is a very prolific baker and so how he's just going nuts. Like he's doing even more and then my mom is getting really pissed. Why do you have anything? Seems like I like it and it's like, but it's not healthy. Forget it. Mm It's really funny watching them.
Are your parents nearby? So? So nosy
Right. Are you, so what's your are you are you seeing him or you staying away or?
Right. How's he holding up?
Okay. Mhm. That's mhm. Yeah. I haven't I haven't seen my parents like I moved like right before the lockdown and they're a little bit older so I decided I'll just leave him for now. Like I just I'm worried like make they take something in their house and
like we're a little farther for me the part you know it's one thing if a street Yeah.
Haven't seen him in like a month and a half but I call him every day which I've
never
it's the first time like I used to call him like once a week you know and like they were always complaining I didn't feel more like a busy but I'm like, I'm not, but yeah.
Oh yeah, I'm trying I'm really susceptible to that, so I'm trying to not too much, but I really got into a Stranger Things. Have you seen this show,
isn't it? I think it's fabulous. I was so impressed.
Did you, were you like not gripped or what? What, what many stuff?
yeah. You know everyone I've mentioned it to is like, oh, I've seen it. Yeah, you're the first perspective. Doctor hasn't seen it. Okay. Uh Yeah. How about you? Have you been watching anything
Sam what is it?
Oh, what's that about?
of course. Why isn't she done?
Is it on athletes? That sounds really funny actually.
yeah, yeah. Remember there was some of the first for a movie I saw, I was like a, you know, a teenager, young teenager and my friends wanted me to see it and it was like it was a horror. I forget what it was, it was one of these like popular we're comedies and I could I just thought where movies are always just about gore and like scaring you and this one was so simple and like
when everything's scary what happened? It was actually like really funny. Yeah. Yeah. I have to get with the name. You're watching anything else?
What are your usual shows?
Yeah. How's that?
What did you do you look like the new ones?
You so you still watch the new ones? Okay, can you explain that? Because I'm like sometimes I'll see like a scene from the Simpsons and I play out the entire episode like I'm a huge
like nerd for the Simpsons.
I haven't watched the last like 10 seasons, like I've seen little bits here and there.
Uh huh. There's a couple of recent ones I saw that I really like, like the one where they make like a high tech school, the Helen was really good or the one where like Springfield becomes hipster that was a little bit older. So Yeah. What what do you think of the recent ones? Uh huh.
Yeah. Thanks. Okay. Yeah man, a few months ago I was watching the really old ones, uh like who shot Mr Burns? So good for the Memorial.
Mhm. Love that one. Rahman is a scientist. Yeah.
And your watch futurama?
Uh huh. Family? Yeah.
I haven't seen a
do they have different writers?
that's so funny. That's another thing I love about this instance and they would take these shots at Fox. Like there's there's the one where uh I forget what happens in the episode actually, but it ends up bar calls fox and pledges a bunch of money and then Rupert Murdoch's like $10,000. You save
my network
and involved the first time.
Yeah, it's so good.
Or one of my favorite jokes, um they're watching Channel six and it's like Channel six with Krusty the clown on three times a day. Channel six because we have nothing else when we think of box because like growing up, it was the Simpsons was on three times a day every day. Mhm. Now, now it's on when I was at my parents, I thought it's on FX and sometimes we'll just show up for six hours straight. They have no programming. Yeah. Hey.
mm, because they're too like raunchy.
I see, I see,
I see. So funny then. Yeah. You ever watch Fresh Prince of Bel Air?
Not not a huge,
that's another show I like turn to and I'm like that in the offices are like my yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What's martin?
That's
so
is that your new show?
It's just like the 90s network I think it's such a huge one. Mhm. MTV True. It's just like just all tv now.
Yeah. I wonder why there aren't music tv channels anymore.
yeah but there's no like trl there used to be everyone had their own version of trl right there was like Beatty had to Yeah did you? You grew up watching those shows like trl and that kind of stuff. Music stuff.
Yeah. Yeah I was I think a little a little bit out of my area but I remember there was such a big thing like come home after school. Yeah.
Yeah. I really like pimp my ride.
So ridiculous. The things there right There is my favourite one. I still remember they put TVs in the car's bumper, the house and you're gonna do it.
was a truck, great pickup truck.
I think I remember this and
the
okay. It's crazy man. Like those cars actually could work right? Yeah, with all this stuff in it. So the guilt
like I would rather they just bought me like a regular car.
there was like TVs everywhere or like there's a refrigerator. Mm
And it was almost like a fish bowl or Yeah. Really? Oh man.
Yeah.
refrigerator was always just like soda and beer hey. Yeah.
And and then I show you their like cool TVs and stuff. Mhm. And it's like now you can get like a better tv for like $20.
I had this friend growing up and he had a big screen tv and I was like he was like this guy and I was you know Like whatever 70" from me. But it was so big. It was like this deep and like I just can't imagine having such a huge thing in my house. It seems like whoa. Second couch
kind of a man. Well how are we doing on time man?
All
Sure. Sure. Yeah. What's the what's the most interesting uh study that you've done that you could you can remember.
Cool. It was a meditation.
I see I see. Cool. I didn't want there was a meditation. When were they Did a survey at the beginning and then how do you do meditation every day for 10 minutes. Um I found it kind of hard to keep up but I wasn't able to do it every day. But um it was really lovely like just to kind of take some time in my day mom. Yeah.
Um I'm pretty like I mean you know like you I've been unable to work during this time so that that's kind of giving me a lot of stress mm and I like kind of feel they need to always be like looking for potential jobs supply to and stuff.
So it's been kind of stressing me out. Um But the most helpful thing for me has been to go for walks.
And like just explore. Like today I found the house with the mulberry tree and I think like a different street every time. Um just try to like look for look for nature. Like kind of take myself away from the, you know, stressful world, trying to appreciate things. So yeah, it's been pretty tough for me honestly.
Thanks Yeah. How have you been trying to relax during these times
back home?
Yeah, I'm really trying to appreciate more like think it's yeah, it's kind of a gift to just not have to worry about working for a little while, you know? Um Yeah, yeah, like there's a coffee shop in my neighborhood that the guy I know the guy, he's really nice and he started off like a year ago and he's been staying open and he's really trying to figure out how to keep his business going and stuff. I'm just thinking like I want to try to go there more and support him.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's tough,
right? And those are the ones like, you know that guy, he like does like community events there. You know like he's more than any any Starbucks or any, you know, whatever it's like trying to help the community. Mhm.
It was really
and then thanks so much.
Yeah,
it is. Thanks. Thanks so much. Like what?