man, can you hear me?
I have wifi in my car for my kids. Uh
Yeah, I was I was hoping to be back in my office, but it just didn't work out.
Oh man, well good, It's a piece of crap computer. God,
you
know,
I
I don't know
Yeah, I'm looking at the other types of
No, no, I went to actually
went to Colorado right before the shutdown in early March inside the office and I live in Tennessee Memphis.
How would you?
that's what I feel about texas. So I think it's almost like wherever you're not is where the food is better.
yeah,
in Nashville or Memphis
Babe's chicken,
there's a there's a jo's chicken, but that's probably not the one, is it? Like uh more like you go to a counter in order or just money coming, right, only
great,
There's
Mississippi's there's uncle lose chains, those are all the famous ones. When people come they go to one of those uh
oh Bill ST augustus chicken is the one that you're probably
talking
about.
there's
actually
Gus
is
in Austin now. Yeah. What part of texas are you in?
Yeah, I'm in texas but free covid once, once or twice a month for work. Well
Yeah, sucks. I mean it's cool that I get to see places but you
know on
Oh man, I would pay money to be able to go somewhere right now. I have young kids at home so I'm it's just uh yeah, I'm ready to be away from.
man, that Alexis. So I have, we have like an echo show that's where I like, you know that is like I could call you see your face. I got one of those from for my grandmother for christmas. So I got 12 and then I have echo dot, so it's a little smaller than like cheaper,
and I put
one of those in each one of my kids room. But man, it's amazing how much stuff they can do, like it can connect to the my kids are young, so I still have the cameras in the room. Uh So I can come to those cameras on my tv, I could say go to ring doorbell. It's uh
I don't even know, I got it somehow for doing something like this. So um I
do
lot of
stuff
like
this,
it's just I did it, so I don't even know. I don't remember we've had a couple few years I do this stuff because my wife doesn't like me playing lottery, and so I was like, all right, whatever, I'll do all this other crap, right? You know, prolific and whatever else.
And
and so it goes into my Paypal and I'll buy lottery tickets with it, so.
So there's one called D Scout.
Have you heard of that?
That's the best one because um I mean, prolific school and easy. Like I can, I'm watching a cartoon with my son. I can do some, you know, knock some crap out, but they only pay a couple of bucks and 15 cents or 38 cents, or, you know, stuff like that. The Scout there, like from 50 bucks, a couple 100 bucks, but
they all
involve video. Um
So that's uh I mean, I'm not getting rich, but like, I'm I'm doing enough where I can a lot of your lottery tickets. That sounds sad, but that's just the truth, you know?
Are
you just doing a lot of them? Are you are you, are you finding someone that pay more
than others?
To me, it's, my wife makes fun of me. I'm like, whatever, this is the easiest. It's easy. I'm gonna be on my phone
anyway, you know?
We have asked
you at a bar, I talked to you anyway, you know? So
but like,
she's like, I can't believe you do that 78 cents and it's just,
it's
no
different
than logging on twitter. I mean you just read it stuff, you know?
no doubt. I mean it's better than I can't think of it. I mean the scout pays more, but nothing else. Like I try that serve a junkie. My buddy sent me this Reddit, like go to this Reddit page. Here's all the sites they list where you can make extra money, but by doing stuff like this and the majority of them is just jumping through hurdles to get prolific.
Yeah I did something similar. I mean they make you go through the whole all these hurdles and then You spent eight minutes they say you don't qualify whatever. So
the
there is a, what was it about to say uh prolific discount.
that's
the one that's the one I was gonna ask you about. Well I applied and they just said I don't need qualifications and I couldn't figure out why.
maybe that's why I got denied. Well wait a second so that's not in turk.
What what
are
you
on mturk?
I mean check anything out it's worth, it's worth checking out you know if they
don't call them when they're in or if it's really thomas I mean you gotta do is log off so
my whole life well around around this area anyway so. Yeah.
Yeah that's kind of where I live now. I live just outside of if it's going nowhere
I don't know there anyway pissed me off
so I'm trying to think what texas has fast food wise, that
Memphis
stuff.
yeah I love the water burger.
Oh I almost feel like water bugger is not as good as chick fil A's service wise but they're just right below them. If I've been a water bugger 100 times I don't know that I've ever had bad service. Uh Now food inter missed man there next level like I
don't know that,
what's that?
I mean they're everywhere. Yeah we have like Memphis it seems like but like no matter where when you go you know you're gonna get good service and the food is always good. Matter of fact, the I had to be a sack and mess my whole order up. I'd almost probably just laugh at it because like man, they messed up. You know what I mean?
You're so
used to getting
what you order.
Yeah. So let me tell you what man. All right. So I'm like I'm balding anyway. So
I used to go every every friday and I'd go to my barber and he
would do the straight razor on my head and then my uh yeah,
you know, Yeah, it's $15 and I'd give him $20 every Friday. And so like during quarantine obviously shut down. He's open now but I haven't went back
because I bought this uh Uh just $45 Gillette thing and I just do it myself and it's so easy and you can do it every other day or whenever.
I
don't
know that I'll
ever
go back,
man. I
can't
see you got, I mean you got your, you got a good, I can't
grow what
you have.
mine started like
35.
I went from like forehead to boom, like a light.
that's funny. You know, I didn't even, I just didn't notice my hair thing. I mean, I guess it had to offend, just never played it attention to it I guess, because I just, I kept short hair anyway,
so
Yeah, I like things I like about it really are just no maintenance, you know what I mean? You
just do that. I like not having to go to shampoo. Um And really when I first shaved my head, like I was like your age probably, I had not, like I had, I didn't have veins, but I had
Um
and I thought I would look funny, but I'm so glad that uh now
I don't even doesn't even faze me.
Yeah, texas is, man, it's hot and humid. Just kind of like Houston is like this,
that's a big city. My uh I had No, so I I worked at a company called Waste Management years ago and that they were based out of Houston, it's going to have to go
quarterly.
they're national. Um but they were based their their office was in Houston and so I would have to go down there, I don't know, quarterly or something like that. And then I didn't go, I got another job and I didn't go for like six or eight years and I went probably two years ago. I mean it blew up. I mean, not that it was ever small, but it just From not seen for six years. My
place is august.
Everybody
loves texas. My uncle lives in Dallas. He loves it. Um you see, uh seems like Dallas and fort worth eventually. It's just gonna be one big
if it's
not already.
So if you were going to Fort worth to visit, your buddy was like an hour drive.
Uh not that. So there's something you were doing a weeknight.
Well,
I'll tell you something funny about that. All right. So, So I live outside of Memphis. Like I said about 45 minutes outside of Memphis. Um and I know Memphis, it's called Somerville, right? So it's not the same as fort worth it. It's not big. It's literally a small asset. Bye. Um I drive into Memphis daily and if you like, if I was going like if you asked me to come have a beer in Memphis, it wouldn't, I wouldn't think twice. Kind of like your girl, your friend would drive from Fort Worth and Dallas, but if I ask somebody to come meet me in Somerville,
I
think I'm like up in Canada or something that you just can't get people to do it.
So
yeah, I mean, I kind of agree with you pretty much of the south people are nice. Uh the texas thing, I feel like
at first like if you're from texas and you don't know somebody and you meet somebody from texas, y'all are like best friends, but every from outsiders, they take just a little bit to warm up. I think maybe possibly kind of my take away, but people are, so there's, there's
three
states that people that I always tell me about, that people are so proud to be from texas. Can't able cannot wait to tell you. They're from texas.
south
Carolina.
that's right. And south Carolina, that's the number one. People cannot wait to say. I'm from the palmetto, Say I'm from south Carolina. Uh and then Ohio, I'm sure there's others, but those are, you know, I've been all over the country and when I meet somebody from like michigan, they don't even, you know, they may or may not say something, but if they're from Ohio south
Carolina and texas, you better believe they're
telling you.
I kind of like it makes, Yeah, it's funny michigan Minnesota both of my life.
Do I sound Southern to you? Or do you hear Southern every day? So not really.
Well that's how I, so I didn't I didn't notice the southern drawing you now if I really listen, that kind of could, but it takes a lot for me to be a man that dude Southern.
Uh Because that spirit every day. What what video games? I mean I haven't played video games in a while. What's like, what's new? What's out was everybody
playing
these
days?
Is that like competitive? Is that what they do? So I do fancy sports on like draftkings and stuff and now they have fantasy e sports. Is that one of the games that will be on there?
So how good
so if you were to play one of those guys, are they like they the equivalent of
me
playing
professional
basketball
player? So it is it's that okay
there also.
true.
So it's so I always wondered so I read this thing on on facebook the other day and they were talking about they related the chest. I felt like if the average adult man
just played a five year old and chest um He would probably beat him 100 times out of a hunter. And if the average not a grandmaster whatever Elo whatever play the average adult male and chest, they would beat him 100 times out of 100. And if the average grandmaster played the average L. 0. 2, he would beat him 100 times out of 100. And so they were trying to relate that to something covid related. But I was it got me thinking other stuff, video games or just exactly does anything um To be the best of the best. Is it really that humongous Have a gap.
Is that
at their own computer?
I've
heard so uh I love just I'm trying to get my son, my oldest son is five. Uh He just has has no interest in it at all. Um
And
job.
What's that?
I tried like, but it's like he just doesn't mean he's a smart kid, but he just doesn't get it. I remember when I was learning, I just got it, you know, and probably, I don't know how long it took it. I was so young, but
some people
excuse
for me,
hey, I might ask him to be bobby Fischer, you know? But just uh giving them something besides watching bubble Guppies, This is called Zak Storm. You probably don't know it. New cartoon for kids all day
long. I got a five year old and in 23 year olds. Um So
so
I got
Yeah, man, I just tell you when they were like when they were young, like when they had to like change their diapers in the night and stuff. Dude, that was brutal. Because if one of them cries, I want to have it broke the other one up because I didn't want to have to come back, you know, two hours. But so um it wasn't fun, like I remember I'm like why did he do, why
did this happen to me? So uh
Yeah. So um I never wanted kids, like I never even wanted to get married. Um I enjoyed having girlfriends and stuff, but I just wanted to stay I wanted to go home and sleep in my own bed by myself. Or if I wanted to have a, you know
what I mean?
What's that?
Well you know my one x one my friends started getting married and so like uh
you know my good clothes set of friends, So I'm like losing my And so next thing you know, I spend more time with my girlfriend and I just kind of mm
I was 30 when I got married. 31. No, no, no. 31 when I got married that I had,
I don't hold. Um I'm 39. I don't know. I was 32 when I got married. I got married in 2012, but we dated for a while. I mean I was upfront with her, like, I'm happy to date and be serious, be me and you only but I don't want to get married and then it just it just changed.
um my eyes are so bad. These are the kind that out of the top, I can see far and out of the bottom. It helps me.
you
can't
really see. But like, you know, I'm talking about like the old people wear
by focal there's something
that my hair went in my eye sight when I don't know what's an X, but
something,
yeah, I mean, so let me just tell you my thoughts on that and I'm not trying to do, don't take it, I'm a positive person. So if you don't want kids, I don't think there's any point of getting married man and I don't even, even if you want kids. Uh, I sometimes, I mean, I love my wife, but sometimes I think myself, I wish I could just Go away for two days and not have to, you know, answer to
all day every day all day. And so, um, it's just, it's stuff you just think about it. Yeah,
and it's tough to be around anybody every day all day, you know what I mean? And I've read all these books and crap, I don't even know that I'm not trying to get religious, but I don't even know that if you
take religion out of it, if it's, if humans were designed to be with one other human, the whole, you know what I mean? But uh it's just weird. So
that's right. I mean it's tough. I mean just like if if I just sit down on my couch and I haven't played a video game in a while, but if I went upstairs and got the Nintendo outside the planet, well, I saw me should be like, what the hell are you doing? Don't you have to do with grass? Don't you have to? I mean, it's just like, you know what
I mean?
You can't, there's no, you almost have to ask you to do something even if it's small to avoid complications. Mhm.
Well, I'll be perfect. Yeah.
Yeah, maybe you know that the president up front, if that's how it should have been, it's too right now, you know what I mean? But so
yeah, I mean I can't wait till they get a little bit older and you know, I mean I talked to him every day and obviously they can talk, but yeah, like to have like real conversations and stuff like that, I'm looking forward to all that stuff
they're like one person um they go play together. They it's amazing. Like it's it's weird like sometimes like if saint Dominic is one of his, he's downstairs leo he'll come streaming down. I mean he's just got to be, but it's just uh really
would
completely not like my oldest son
got a built in play, But even if you don't even my buddy, he's like I don't want to have any more kids because I don't want twins because he heard me bitch about it and I was like, well that's just early on. But once you get past that stage you got a built in played a, like you don't ever have to worry about a three year old coming to ask you to play guess who, because they're gonna play with each other. So.
well well well so looking like we're done
so what do we do then?
Well I don't know, let me see what I see quickly
so I'm gonna click the blue arrow and see what happens.
Yeah man, well hey man and Jordan is actually really fun so it was really cool.
Take it easy
man.
Yeah. Hey enjoy have a good one.