Yeah. Uh huh. Hey, can you hear me?
Yeah. How did you get it to work on in your truck or your car?
Okay.
wow, convenient. The quality is very good actually. Mhm. Yeah, you're like, you're like super HD
you're honestly okay, that's cool. Well let me see, I just okay, so all I had to do is open up the tab. Uh we have to talk about anything, make sure your
talk
for
25 minutes.
I'm reading I'm reading it right now.
Yeah, open next week. Okay, so I think Um we just talked for 25 minutes, so you're from Colorado?
No.
Okay, cool. I've lived in uh
I lived in that, I live in texas, but I lived in a Nashville for a little bit for like eight months different. I mean, I actually, the one thing I miss is the food, the food in texas is so good. That Yeah.
Yeah, it's true because I like to make barbecue for granted. Like I have what I had barbecue last week. I smoked some ribs. Um
But yeah, yeah. There was one place intended in Memphis that I really liked. It was uh Babe's Chicken. Have you been there
Memphis?
Um It was it Ruth's Ruth's chicken?
I
wonder if I can google. I don't know if at all.
I mean.
here. I had Memphis. I went to was it uh that street where everyone goes? All the restaurants.
Gus,
gus
as gus is chicken. I,
I actually
still
have
you
Dallas north texas. Yeah. Have you been? Yeah.
So you travel a lot for work?
Well,
we're not traveling there these times is a little tricky.
I'm ready for going. I mean, I've started like, I think doubt has been in Quarantine for 18 weeks now and I'm finally starting to get like board. Like I was so boring. I bought like a new T. V. Because I'm like I'm not traveling so I have a lot of like an extra income. So I was just like okay, I'm just gonna get like a brand new tv whatever and it's pretty sweet. I've been playing. It's funny because I can control my tv now with I have a like the the Alexa app. Yeah, the echo just like like turn on whatever it turned off raise the loan. Uh
that's that's what I have.
What?
I mean, I don't have a ring doorbell, but because they're not they're not too expensive. What? They're like 150, All right.
did
you get
that?
You
tell
me how to get that? I want to ring door.
What what
else do you just wondering?
Wait, what? Why don't you use besides prolific? Just wondering.
I downloaded
it. Yeah, but I've never I've never used it.
Man, that's
lot.
huh. Mhm.
I mean, I think in what I started in like, what, four or five months, I've made $500 off prolific. So That's like
100,
I've
done I've done over 300 300 studies. Yeah. So that's what that is a lot. Actually I think about in like four or five months. That is a lot. But I mean it's super easy and I've never had it. So, I mean this is the longest one because 25 minutes, but usually they're like 23 minutes, maybe 10 minutes max. Yeah. Uh huh.
Business.
Oh my gosh. Like this blows my like we don't even like we're getting paid to talk basically right now right anyway
for
hang on. And you're gonna pay like what we're
getting like.
Yeah, but it adds
uh that's what
people
don't think about.
But I mean it seriously adds up because what I have over $500 doing what I mean? Probably what? Maybe just a couple, maybe a dozen Our. Yeah. So I mean in the end it pays, it pays pretty well.
Yeah. What I like about prolific is that you're already prequalified for all the surveys so you don't have to like qualify for anything. Because I used I would download it one for my iphone. I don't even remember the name because I like almost instantly deleted. And I was like, ok apply to see if you you can take this survey. And I was like, I don't even want to apply. I'm just going to delete this app. There's like one side meat.
I thought it's not, it's
not worth it.
These amazon mturk, that's all, that's all I
want to.
That's funny cause I actually, I applied for um what was it yesterday? I don't even know what the name of it is, but basically it's like the sellers on amazon, they want you to review products so they'll send you the party you buy the product, they send it, they mean it comes from amazon whatever and then they they send you back the money and you keep the product but you have to leave a good review. And then I got I got denied. They're like well your amazon account isn't good enough. Sounds like uh
no, no,
I
don't even
know what
that one thing. Let me let me. It was a, I can look it up here but I googled it and people said it was really fishy. So I was like, let me find it rebates underscore buyer and it's called Reba Test R. E. B A. T. E. S. T. And then they like, I don't know, it seems a little sketchy too. So I was like, I don't really care for him. I was like free stuff is always free. I'm not gonna complain. But
rebirth.
Yeah. Reba Test R. E. B A. T. E. S. T. But I mean I didn't I didn't work for me. So how long have you lived in Memphis for?
The Memphis is pretty actually I had I had an ex from, she was searching a little small town near Memphis. I forgot the name. Like middle of nowhere.
The other thing I miss about Tennessee Zaxby's. Oh my God, I was obsessed. Zac's people take it for granted that we have like one in like texas.
No
water
burger,
water burgers big here.
What a burger is good. It's unique because they've got the spicy catch up the barbecue sauces and stuff.
That
may not get thrown into the sea though.
Yeah. You play in Tennessee, don't they?
it's
true,
correct.
Do you have a question? Do you shave your head Because I've recently, just because of because of quarantine, I was like, because when I shaved my head, the the barbershops, whatever hair salons were still closed, like, okay, I'm just going to shave it off. But now I'm like, this is so convenient, like I use like, like that much shampoo,
pardon?
Well
shape here
Good.
You know
my my
starting
to get
along
well. Yeah,
I
don't know,
I
mean,
I'm starting I'm starting to lose, man, I'm like, I'm 32, so it's I'm starting to lose it right here, like receding hairline. How
are you
gonna?
Yeah, I mean it started like, I don't know if you can see like there's still like some straggling hairs here where my hairline used to be, but it's interesting that started like probably past couple months.
Well
the other two is here and here in texas, it's it's really, really hot, like what? It's over 100 for like seven days straight. So even at night it's still hot too, so better to have short hair here. Like I had long, I sweat a lot so I was just like I'm not a short and now it feels so much better and I've I've never really shaved my head.
for
Good. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
I
I mean uh place, it just feels nicer. I mean I don't know how I mean beyond Tennessee but like man, it's so hot here. I just I like regret having long hair.
Houston is the worst. Oh my gosh, Houston so bad.
They're based
out of Houston, Their national Right? Yeah.
He
I mean all of texas has grown over I think closed more than 5% every year, so that's compounded, so it grows even more every year. I mean it's a lot
of,
they
already
are, they already are like maybe the little part in Arlington. But even then there's still like houses and stuff which is funny because I have some friends in Fort Worth and they think about coming to Dallas as staying in the same city. But it's funny people from Dallas, I don't think considered going to Fort Worth as they think oh I'm leaving Dallas to go to Fort Worth.
uh 45 minutes 50.
It's funny you say that because I dated a girl from Fort Worth for a while and she drove I think every day to see me from Fort Worth. Yeah, I
mean I really I took it for granted to she drove so far.
Yeah they would
be.
Yeah. That's funny.
I mean I'm trying to remember the town where my ex was from man, she was like small and she was probably one of the sweetest girls do. People from Tennessee are so nice but well people in this general but I think people in Tennessee are sweeter than the people in texas. People are texting more like western, do you know? But they still have that southern like you know like niceness Kynaston.
Thank you.
Thank
you.
I say it all the time. I
mean
I told you right I'm from texas. Yeah.
The
man
the michigan accent, the Uber accent is so funny to me. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty rare and weird in texas but times that I've heard it I'm just like wow it's a culture shock. Yeah,
I know you sound a little bit southern. I wouldn't want to see though. I would say just Southern in general, but I don't know, people say I sound a little bit southern because when I play video games online, people are like, like automatically, they're like, oh wow, this guy is from the south, but I don't hear because I'm from texas. So I think like
same.
I
mean I
play,
I play old your games for like, because I told you I'm 32, I play Overwatch and dodo. But I even played out in like one or two years. So I wouldn't even say a play that it's just, it's just to kill time during quarantine. Honestly.
Yeah. Yeah, it's, it's heavily backed actually. Uh I mean they're backed. The guy who owns the Dallas cowboys owns the team in Dallas Dallas field actually is when they're playing today against I think paris, but I mean I don't know the Dallas name isn't that great. They have they're just like the Dallas cowboys, they have a ton of money, they have like their own arena and everything, I mean they're sponsored
by
I
can't
repair.
They will this
journey.
I
mean they are technically, let's see if I'm silver gold and their platinum platinum diamond masters grandmasters, like I think they have more than 40 times more hours Then I do. So if I have like 200 hours to have like 8000 hours
into the game.
I
Yeah. It's huge. It's so huge because not only that like like I play a lot of chest actually once quarantine started uh I started playing chess because it's to the games are super quick. I played blitz chess which is just five minute games. So I
mean
uh yeah, I just saw my on my my phone um and basically most popular games um that are sports team games are just really complicated versions of chest. Honestly like like chess is really fast, it's really simple but like the what like I think that's what I was talking about this yesterday, my friend, he plays a game called League of Legends which is I think the most popular video game, a competitive video game. And I was thinking about like League of Legends is basically just if the chess pieces had different functions and could have items like that's basically it like if a chess piece got like if a night got a pawn you would get an item or something and it's basically like that League of Legends is pretty simple to compared to other competitive
games,
You
even
said I said
devise it, like I mean if he wins again, give him like a dollar or something, you know?
when
the fight is
pretty numb,
you know, I don't know what, it's pretty young to start playing chess I think.
Your
You know you have 20. Mhm. I
heard having
to, my uh my friend's neighbor has twins and they were like always just like oh my gosh, having twins is horrible, always running around twice the work.
kids.
Well you got kids when you were my age. It's interesting,
And
shut you up.
I looked you up. She got you. Yeah.
No.
So you were, you were 29:30 when you had
You can
It looks like we have the same glasses by the way. Uh huh. I I'll everyone has now.
Oh really? It doesn't get, I mean, I can't see you
from
that.
What do they call?
Yeah, bye bye focals. Yeah. Uh
I
gotta, I gotta start finding a woman. Well, I'm dating a girl now, but I don't know, I mean it's cool because like we have each other for quarantine, but like, yeah, I don't know. Maybe I should start getting married because I do have two friends who have gotten married in the past two years and this looks like you said that my close friends too.
You guys are with each other like especially during quarantine?
What?
All
I mean but it's interesting you say that about you know, being stuck because my whole thing is like I like having my alone time, so I have my hobbies that require me to be alone. Like if I go running or if I go to the gym, like I'm without anyone and it's just me and I focus on what I want to do and that gives me my alone time. And I was thinking like wow, if you live with someone, you know, it's like you share a room, you share everything. Like how are you gonna have that respect and like being alone. I'm sorry. You know what I mean?
know
we should.
But wouldn't that also depends because I was thinking about this too. It's funny because you're talking about things I can think about this week, but maybe that's because of quarantine quarantine, so everyone's just thinking about the same things. But like I was like um where was where was I going to go with this? Like you also have like kids too. So it's kind of like, oh now like no one has any time. And it also might depend on like, you know the person that you're dating because I've dated to they wanted their alone time to like if they went to the gym, they would go by themselves and that would have free time. Um
Yeah, and then yeah, so it might just depend on the person to
That's so it's cool. It's cool that you have twins though. I mean, so I guess you say when you when they're little now it's trouble, but
I mean, would you attend each other then? Right. Like, you don't know that.
Because they're
like
yeah, because I was I was thinking about that like if you have one kid, like you have to give attention to that kid, right? But if you have twins, like they kind of just give attention to each other or I don't know.
It's interesting. Yeah.
Let me see how much time.
Yes. Okay, let me let me right here. Okay, do not go until the next page. Your conversation part would be friendly and have fun. Uh Okay. You should see a timer below. Keep track conversation fire. Remember? Keep the conversation soon. At least 25 minutes. Okay, when the conversation is complete, um Or it cannot be convincing. Please return to this house. So can we close? Can we close this? Uh
It's I'm on Reading # nine.
Yeah. Sam. Okay. All right. I think I think we can we can close this one.
Yes. 15.
My
life.
Yeah. You too, man Peace.