Hey what's going on?
You know I worked earlier but just a half day on saturday so um just at home watching movies with my kids, they rained a little bit here. I'm in Virginia. Uh Yeah where are you?
so
I'm a pharmacy pharmacy manager.
no kids right now. Huh
awesome. What do you what's your major?
Yeah I think it was like 80 80 today but then with the rain it gets really humid you
know?
I'm
not I'm not like real close to I'm about four hours from the from Virginia beach. So yeah. Yeah. Anyway so are you near what's what's that place in Canada of the Falls? Are you near Niagara Falls?
Just
yeah we lived in Cleveland for a number of years and so my family just drove up one day it was like four hours there and four hours back and uh but it was it was nice I mean just to go up on the day off. Yeah.
Right. Yeah I'm on the same, I haven't really traveled that much but it would be interesting maybe when I'm older and retired and have an RV and just travel around.
We didn't we didn't vacation this year, we were gonna go to Virginia beach but then we uh decided it might be too dangerous for the pandemic. So I don't know, we might not.
Yeah positive. Is that we saved a bunch of money? Yeah. You know Paid off paid off credit cards we've probably paid I don't know about $12,000 of debt off this year because we're not going anywhere not doing anything. Um You know just I don't know, we don't see nobody knows what's going to happen to the economy so everyone's playing it safe. So you
know
it's you know we're We had like eight different credit cards paying like $40 or $50 of interest on each one. I mean that's like a car payment. So now we're down to 11 credit card and so that makes it a little bit better.
Yeah. That's true. That's true. I'm 37. I don't think we have credit cards until I was probably 32. Something like that. I mean yeah it's amazing. But then you get into debt, it just spirals. You know it's hard to get out and it's uh And I tell I tell my kids to say every time we buy a 50 cent candy bar it costs 75 cents. Because you know all the debt that you know but you have to pay back makes everything costs more.
No.
There you go. The fun thing we did this in um in school I forget what class it was in. But anyway all of us kids um when we were in high school we would pick like eight stocks and then we would watch development for a couple of months. Like
we
would
yeah so that way
risk free you can see how you did and then you can kind of use the same strategy and try to replicate it with whoever has good results. You know what I mean?
No
no google when I was in high school.
interesting.
Okay I have to check
that out.
Well
that's the problem with that being a very big personality and the face of the company. Is that what you say And do you know matters. Uh
No they said they were going to stop doing that. I watched um yesterday I watched on CNN on c span about the postmaster general and he basically said look this has been blown out of proportion I'm going to stop taking mailboxes away. You know it was it was supposed to be before I got here the decision was made. But it's too too much bad press basically. Um I've only been here two months. I'm just going to stop it. So you don't you never know how much is political but you know at least what he was promising to all of the senators or whatever was that they were going to take any more away.
Right. It was a little scary at first like what's what's going on guys? You know it's a little disconcerting but anyway if you take it if you take him at face value he said it was it was it was a plan all along before he got there but he's not gonna do it anymore because it's freaking people out understandably.
Well yeah. Yeah it's it's uh it's all it's been a problem ever since. I can remember though because it costs like billions of dollars every year to the you know the US. U. S. Taxpayer because it's it's kind of Iran as a charity. Not really it's a business. So I mean it is what it is. I live out in the woods so if we didn't have you know um the post office you know we wouldn't be able to um you know very efficiently send letters, pay bills, things like that. So I get it it's kind of a service but um it's certainly not run like a business like ups or Fedex that that is always profitable because um Well they don't have to be, they get subsidized tens of billions of dollars every year. Um Just like you know parks
and bridges and roads and anything else that we use as citizens to uh you know enjoy America. Mhm. But
but I guess my point is that they've been talking like that since I was a kid, so I don't really think anything's changed except right now. Um It got into the, it got into the news because the president is like well you know, I don't I don't like the what is it, the absentee vote or or a million votes,
something like that.
so that's why I think everybody was a little panicked a little bit. But Um yeah I live that's kind of uh 15 minutes from town, you know we have like deer running through our property and raccoons and skunks and wild.
well new york, new york has a lot of land, right? Like a lot of uh you know, a lot of area forests and things like that, if I remember I grew up for about an hour south of Pittsburgh, we have just tons of land and wildlife and things because you have a lot of forest, you know?
Yeah, well, we're in the part of Virginia that has Amish buggies about probably 10 minutes away. Yeah, yeah,
I grew up with it actually.
Yeah. Where was that?
Well, yeah, I grew up tonight, not like, you know, I didn't look, I didn't look like the Amish, but my uh my
mom probably would have growing up, but by the time she had me, well, you know, everybody would look like everybody else, I suppose. But my grandpa and my grandma, which passed away a couple years ago, still had that, like very Amish look
about them. Yeah.
no,
I mean
I grew up monday night, I was raised that way. Um but you know, other than we didn't really um I don't know, like we didn't have, we tried to live more simply, like I didn't have a tv, I don't have a car, sounds kind of weird, but you know, um after I grew up I was like uh I like tv I like a car, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna keep living like that.
first and then the yeah, Mennonites came first and then um the Amish kind of came out of them, but but but they stayed more to their own like rules and regulations. So um people think of them as like the original because they look like the beginning, but
really, but really Mennonites have been around for forever. Um, there's three main, um, uh, groups of christians according to Mennonites anyway, there's like Catholics and Protestants and the Mennonites, because Mennonites don't want to be associated with either one.
The main the main thing is promised. Well, basically, is that they're anabaptists,
so they don't they don't believe in baptizing babies and they're pacifists, they
don't believe in war. So that's what separates, you know, men and an Amish and like any other christian denomination, is that no, no violence, you know, So no, no, uh, no violence of any kind. Uh, and then living simply, but
differently. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah, I agree. It was, it was much more of a simple, a simple life, but uh, yeah, it's not really for me as a,
I'm not much of a farmer, I'm not very handy. Most, most Mennonites are pretty handy and live very simply. Um but anyway, but but but you know what, my big family reunions still have like 50 cousins that come over and we hang out and we love each other and it's a it's a great time. Um and so most of most of my family, majority
of the family are still by tonight. Um
Yeah. Yeah, so we we have a good time, we all get together, but uh I always felt a little bit like the black sheep. Uh you know, so uh kind of kind of moved on.
Oh yeah, this is my fourth, yeah, you can only do for so I guess it's my last one.
I'll check that out. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
I had I've only had 11 no show out of four. So it's pretty know what I'm saying to, you know, shows out of four. So I guess half, well the thing of it is is if you don't you can only do it four times but if you're a no show then you still get paid a dollar 50. So I think a lot of people are like just taking the dollar 50 and running. But I'd rather I'd rather you know do the do the full study. I have no idea what it's for. I don't know who watches these things or what they get out of them but They're paying me 15 bucks. I'm happy.
I have no idea.
Right. So do you do a lot of prolific though? Like how much you do?
Yeah
I
I've done it this year so basically I think I think I started in January February and um I get about $40.40 a month and
doing it. But yeah, yeah, I mean it's a good time. I don't I don't like any of the other sites that you have to waste all your time
and click around and make no money and prolific feels like it's more serious and more educational and academic and on the up and up and uh and you get paid right away so you know, you can't beat it.
yeah, me too.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree. For sure. Mhm.
interesting.
like a personality test
interesting. I was actually a manager at Chick fil A for eight years and I got introduced to a personality profile test and we had all of our
managers go through it again to to kind of help us understand like you know, how you're wired, you know, and what your strengths and how you learn and things like that. It was fascinating. I mean, just very, very interesting to me um you know, that that that everybody has strengths in them and everybody has like, you know, different types of intelligence and and everybody learns a little bit different, everybody has something to offer. I just thought it was really great for like a group activity group exercise because people at the end came away feeling good about themselves because they understood that they had, you know, a skill or a talent, something to offer the whole team. And and we came off like knowing a little bit more about each other, so that's pretty cool.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, that's easy to do. Yeah.
Great.
So what what type of music do you like?
I
was checking that out. Yeah,
but
my buddy, my buddy
please
come and that's pretty cool.
me too. Me too. Well
I've been married for 13 years. It'll be it'll be 13 next
month and I never listen to country before our wedding. But the best love songs, our country music, the best word.
So I just started listening to it for like four months before our wedding because I just I really enjoyed like picking out the best you know country love songs that made me emotional.
I never listen to what I'm.
I agree. Well you know when I was in a senior in high school my teacher said that country music is kind of like the like the folk music of the day. Like we were studying something some literature. I don't know if it was Shakespeare tosser. But anyway you're learning about people's lives and she said if you think about it, country music is all about people's lives. Like they're just
talking about their day and you know, they're a woman, left them there dog right away, they got hit by a car. I don't know. But you know and so but it's a story, you know? And um and so I thought that was an interesting take because before that I never really, you know, would would would care about it. But uh yeah, I'm the same way like all kinds of different music. I just usually um wanna go to work, I'll just put it on scan like the radio and it will just flip through until I find something I like and then I'll listen to it. But
yeah, I like everything
interesting.
You can tell their story yeah, in an interesting and creative way.
I think every style has merit. You know, there's a reason why it's popular in its own, in its own vein. I mean it's interesting to some people and uh, I think it's interesting to study that too. Um, yeah, I did. I'm not very, very talented with music. But uh, I like, my mom would play by ear, like play piano by ear.
So yeah, so she would just play like the radio a couple of times would listen to the song and then just play it on the piano and
it's just amazing. So, and you can sing beautifully too. So I never really got that talent, but I tried to see if I did. So I played piano for a number of years. I never got it like really good. But um, you know, I enjoy it. You know, I'd play like for lease to go to bed or something like that. You know some something or like moonlight sonata was one of my favorite songs I play on the piano every night before I went to bed just to like calm myself down and you know serenity now you know? That's all ok.
Yeah it's not easy. I played the
easy version. I didn't I didn't I would not have passed your class with that but the version I played I'm sure.
Well it's a beautiful song. I mean you know it's so melodic and uh and just just gorgeous. I just love it.
it's Matthew
messing
with
you.
Yeah. I don't blame you.
Oh my gosh.
that is horrified. Yeah.
we have snakes but luckily no. Uh no scorpions are real big spiders and and all of our snakes are harmless. I mean I guess I saw a rattlesnake like couple of years ago where we live and it just warned you to stay away. All the other ones are like garter snakes are black snakes, they're completely harmless. I mean they actually are helpful because they eat all the mice uh spread ticks because ticks around here are horrible, horrible, horrible.
big problem around here. Um um A couple of my kids had to go to the doctor and get like antibiotics to treat it because they got that they formed the bull's eye for the tick gets them and you know it's a preventative to make sure you don't develop Lyme disease to take antibiotics but it's scary. It freaked it freaked us out.
it's
yeah it's awful. It's awful. It's crazy that such a little you know bug could could create such a big problem. Uh Although.
now we were going to home school um it was actually pretty bad around here for a while, I mean it's okay now,
but we have a lot of like poultry farms and a lot of like um um like uh I want to say old folks homes, oh nursing homes and
uh and both are really known to like spread um just just like wildfire because everybody is so close, you know, you can't really social distance when you're on the chicken line and where we live, there's this there's tons and tons of poultry plants and anyway, so for a while we were spiking now we're not as much but were still being careful. Um So yeah, we're we're just gonna, my my wife and I actually both went to school to be teachers, so um it's probably going to come a little bit more um natural to us than some parents to home school anyway. But uh, yeah,
know what
around
here, everything is uh, digital, everything,
everything's
online.
And
holy
now
like where you, where you live or your state
it,
Yeah.
got a bunch of gloves and masks and sanitizer.
Well,
no, I mean for your door dash job.
What?
Good.
There
you go. Yeah.
Good. Well, I guess our time's up, but it was wonderful talking to you and getting to know you a little bit. So
thanks for sharing your, your story with me. I appreciate it.
Yeah. So there's, it's not mind, there's an online survey and that you just kind of fill out And, and then when we're all done, then, you know, you, there's like a 20 minute question here or whatever. But then, uh, it says like submit and then it's done.