no. Yeah wow. Did you? Mm hmm. Yeah yeah mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. The time yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah. God sure. Perfect. Yes mm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah. Hey how's it goin?
Not much about you?
new york not
what? Good morning.
Oh that's cool, that's cool. Well I'm usually I usually would be teaching summer school right now but there's no summer school.
Mhm. No no I'm actually I'm finishing up my master's in college.
music education. Yeah it's a lot of fun. I enjoy it, it's hot in here right now I mean it's probably more hot in Virginia but
makes
up I mean I'm right by one of the great lakes so mm I mean you probably get the same effect from the like the ocean, well that's
all
Um Yeah right now I'm about I think like two hours south of the falls it's it's uh I've only actually been there once though. Um I have a buddy that works at, do you know what the maid of the mist is? Yeah, he works there and apparently it's been really crowded right now, which isn't great,
but so
boom, this one's fun. I haven't, I haven't like seen any other like big places like the Grand Canyon or anything like that, but I want to at some point. I think it be fun.
Yeah. Well that's, that's the dream right there. My grandparents have like a really nice cottage on a, on a lake and that's, that's really cool. I go up there sometimes and by it I guess. Mhm
Yeah, nobody's really vacation this year. So it's like, you know what? Yes.
that makes
sense.
no definitely. I try to not use credit as much as possible. I mean I don't really have to because I'm still like young so it's like a little easier to get by without it. Yeah.
No, no, that's true. I just had the Robin Hood app and I've been
trying, I actually, I don't know my account number number for my bank so I need to call and get a, but I'm going to start putting a little bit of money into the stocks and see I can make a little bit that way.
we
did
that in my Aecom class in high school
and
yeah. Yeah google actually has a really good program for that. I don't know, they probably weren't using that when you were in high school
but
where google has like I don't remember what it's called like google stocks or something but they have it where you can track all of them like really neatly and everything and you can like separate from your stocks like invest money and see how much you make over google like I don't know it's cool
and you can do that at any point so
even
if you don't know them. Yeah it's um it's nice. Uh Tesla
just plummeted a few weeks ago because Elon musk tweeted um Tesla, he said like Tesla stocks are too high. L. O. L. And then the yeah
Oh yeah I guess whatever it is. Are they taking away the post boxes where you live?
Well that's good. So woman in Buffalo got taken away actually. Um and I'm right near Buffalo and my my partner's parents were talking about it. They were complaining about it so
More. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I've heard I read something that said like the post is really behind and like I'm starting to like rot in the post office and stuff, so,
What?
sense.
It's
melon voting. Pandemic melon. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't yeah, it's um I actually moved here um a few years ago from close like a suburb closer to a city and I was surprised at how much like wildlife there is despite like being in a residential area. No.
Mhm. I love kind of like near the college. So like It's more like industrial here, but if you walk like even like five or 10 minutes the other way, then it's just farmland who was like dear all that kind of stuff.
I I worked with some Amish people. I think they were monday nights. Um
Trouble.
It was in Rochester. I um it was rebuilding some kind of warehouse that was like historic and it burned down and I don't just like moving would it was a volunteer thing I did in high school so.
Oh
no.
Well that's kind of cool. Are are you Amish yourself
or like
well.
And walk up makes sense. Isn't isn't monday night like an Amish sect of like Christianity of sorts.
Okay. That's cool.
And I was there.
No.
And
I mean that makes sense like if you're going by like Christianity as it's supposed to be, that makes a lot more sense than like the crusades and everything. But
which one?
But
for
Yeah, that makes sense. I mean it seems like you'd be a hard lifestyle to live like. I mean I wouldn't want to have you done any more of these studies, other ones?
I think we're having another like round of them. It might be like a separate thing so maybe you were able to do that. I don't know.
I've actually um scheduled for three before but you're the only body person who showed up. I had no shows for the other two which is fine I mean. Mhm.
Yeah I'm thinking it's probably like some kind of psychology or associate sociology based study. Um I was just talking with my partner about it about what it could be for but I don't know he
was
I started it um probably like three months ago actually. Um My mom told me about it and I've just been doing it and I've made here let's see I've made $85 euros or their pounds pounds so far. Uh
huh. That
much.
That's good.
Well
mm and I think it's actually pretty like fun doing it. It's
more interesting.
I like it when the studies have like here's a link to the research we're doing at the end of them. And then like, see I remember I did want a while ago that was like something about like business, workplace, something in. They analyze your behavior in the workplace and then you can get them to send you the results and it was pretty cool.
I don't remember what they were but they say if you're like a passive or aggressive work like
a bunch of. Yeah but it's for like workplaces.
Come.
That's fun. We learned a lot about that stuff and like education college like different modalities and everything. It's it's really interesting. I think um this semester I'm taking a class called I think it's called Psychological Research in music. It starts on Tuesday or some thursday or something like that But I have a 40 page reading I have to do for it so
okay I've got it mostly done, I have like 30 pages done of it but I stopped for a while and played video games.
mm I mean I don't like reading like because text books like that are pretty hard to read I think at least like the word and you have
to like process it so I like to take breaks when I'm doing that kind of work. Mhm.
Oh well I I listened to a lot of different music, I play, I played trombone, there's one right
there
and
there is,
well
we're sharing
Yeah um so I usually I play like classical and jazz music but I listened to a lot of, I listen to Sky listen to pop punk and walk. Uh huh. I don't know sometimes I listen to country on the radio but
Different
what?
That's true.
No.
a lot of like pop country is kind of cringe e like when they're just talking about like their trucks and I don't know but a lot of it's actually pretty pretty nice to listen to so
bringing.
That's cool.
I know somebody who did a dissertation about how rap music is actually the modern day folk music because
of like it tells of like the struggles of the people in the inner city and stuff like that and and instead of like all the time wrapped, I don't really listen to that but I think it's interesting but a lot of the time like they aren't constrained to like the song form and like rhyming and all that so they can just like just say what they want to say,
Yeah. I think a lot of people dismiss rap but I think I think it's pretty cool. I don't know.
Well that's
yeah. Come on.
that's for That was moonlight Sonata was my final for piano four. Oh
more
Yeah. You can either choose. It was the easiest one you could choose actually. The other one like maple leaf rag and I don't know the other ones but they were hardly.
Your meaning. Yes. Nice. There's been a fly buzzing around. I want to like
grab it.
But
I
also don't like touching bugs. Think trust me
wolf spider. That was like that big.
It was like on the floor of my kitchen earlier. It was a week ago. I remember I didn't want to do with it. I just dropped a book on it. Then. My aunt, my aunt lives in texas. They are not supposed to do that because if they have their their egg sac on their back they can explode. And a bunch of spiders.
but she was actually a year ago and they have like scorpions and like snakes it's necessary.
I'm disease and
Yeah. I know I know somebody who has I think there's like a chronic version of Lyme disease that she has and like has to like give her all the time.
It seemed just like that.
I mean it happens all the time, flees. Made the black plague and I don't know are you kept going back to school and uh
Who would
or?
I'm not teaching this this year.
It
will.
So
what
we're opening up schools Which
is not risk, we still have like 600 something cases a day, new cases a day. So
it's not
like
No the school
and the thing includes new york city so it's like, yeah, but I'm still not optimal and my county is one of the red ones so it's like not the best idea. Um It's fine because I just got a job doing doordash if you yeah,
I don't know if I had that there, but so I've been doing that and just doing school and that's enough for name mm
Well school is actually online
so.
Oh yeah that's
that's covered. That's all good.
I don't even touch people. I just grabbed the food and I put it or stop and go sanitize my hands
so
I'm at risk because I have severe asthma. So I've been trying to be careful and everything, but yeah, it's good.
Yeah, it was,
yeah. Thank you, too. Is that do I just accept the tab?
Okay. Cool. Thank you so much. Yeah, we're good rest of your day.