SPEAKER_L: sure. What about you and the ship speaking on a point? Yeah. Mhm. You're not tell you what? Mhm. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi there how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Oh he's what Obama already jumps up on the desk every so often
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: john good some good. Um We're in the country area.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in pennsylvania college.
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: yeah what about, yes
SPEAKER_L: I'm not just the middle of nowhere
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Stay college me. Uh
SPEAKER_L: uh A bit farther from there but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no worries. I went to pitt um and so I had a t shirt at one point that directions to Penn State east
SPEAKER_L: Just look what
SPEAKER_R: until you smell it north till you step in it. Okay. Uh Yeah no I'm from pennsylvania so
SPEAKER_L: hello
SPEAKER_R: that's why I'm curiosity.
SPEAKER_L: are you there right now or did you move?
SPEAKER_R: no I'm in Virginia. Let's get rid of him. You're going here we go.
SPEAKER_L: What's his name?
SPEAKER_R: Oh that was Sammy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my name's Sammy.
SPEAKER_R: No that's funny. That's cute. Um Yeah I'm scott so uh but no that's Sammy. He's one of four here. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm definitely more of a dog person but I do like that too.
SPEAKER_R: Right well we've got two of those floating around uh yep. Wanted right at my feet. So he is
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: called Rt everybody
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's a nice name.
SPEAKER_R: three one second. He's a little guy. But he was sleeping.
SPEAKER_L: Uh He's cute.
SPEAKER_R: There you go. He's got that little ipads going on. Mhm. All right back to sleep.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of dog is he?
SPEAKER_R: You know we think he is a longhaired chihuahua. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have a dog but he's big he's um we don't know exactly what he is because he's a mutt but we think he has some dutch, shepherd. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we've got another larger one. Yeah uh sort of a border collie ish. Yeah. But he's probably 55 lb. So that little guy was I don't know, He's gained weight, he's probably 15. So. Mhm. Um Is this the first one of these? You done?
SPEAKER_L: I've done one other a few weeks ago. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think that maybe 3rd 1. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: We only get like four of these. Right,
SPEAKER_R: that's what I understand. Yeah. And I've lost count so I need to make sure I'm right.
SPEAKER_L: Um Probably just
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: look in your submissions to see how much of your campaign.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um So do you use prolific a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just started maybe a month and a half ago. Um just
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: because I was home for the summer and I was really born not really doing anything. Um now I'm back at school. I just started classes a few days ago, but I'm still doing it because I don't have a job. So if I should start a little bit of something,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. Uh Used to use it um during commutes and whatnot. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Didn't get on your phone. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You know it worked super easy and you know you're sitting on the train for an hour and um why not monetize that? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Dropped by.
SPEAKER_R: You know so. Oh, cool, well, good. Um what, sorry, neighbors having air conditioning installed?
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's everything, so 11 2nd for me. Can
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: you pull that shot? Thank you. Uh Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right, looks like I'm saddled with all the dogs now. Come here. All right. Um no, the uh look out the front door and the dog can see a neighbor side of a neighbor's house where air conditioning is getting re installed today. Um You know, it's been interesting though, uh animals are constant part of videoconferencing now, just because of the pandemic and you know, my organization, we have been teleworking since mid March and you know, it's been amazing uh from an effectiveness perspective, it's everyone is worried about productivity dropping and all these things and and not so much. Um I think people are really adjusting well.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely can't say the same for school, I think because my school shut down mid March and we always at home and then uh we went to online classes and I think it's just such a huge change. And like, I think the biggest thing was not being in a school environment anymore, I was like back at home which is you know that's where I go for breaks so it was just hard to focus. Yeah everybody else I've talked to us at the same um
SPEAKER_R: wait.
SPEAKER_L: This semester we were allowed to have the option of staying home or coming back to campus but I just couldn't stay home any longer. Like I was so bored and I just need my friends but I don't know how long we're gonna be staying.
SPEAKER_R: Is has there been any outbreaks or anything since,
SPEAKER_L: sorry I'm on a call jeremy. What
SPEAKER_R: yep, no worries.
SPEAKER_L: do you say? So
SPEAKER_R: Has there been any outbreaks uh since you've just been a few days I guess you said? Right.
SPEAKER_L: I mean there have been people on campus for like a week or maybe longer and there was at least two positive cases. I'm not sure if they were contained or not. I guess we'll see. Um We have to get tested every 10 days to.
SPEAKER_R: No way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so hopefully that works. Um they've done some other precautions, like they added 30 minutes in between classes because something about like the air will like completely re circulate between classes and we have to disinfect
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: our desks after each class and stuff like that. But um I think the problem is with what people are doing outside of class. Actually, I've noticed freshmen are horrible, like the freshman had a party like last weekend before
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: school even started and um you would think that they would want to be extra careful because it's their first time in college. But.
SPEAKER_R: well, but that's because that free exact phrases why they're not. Mhm. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, now that's pretty interesting. Um yeah, there's been watching, you know the news and you know, some of the larger campuses are reverting back to. Yeah. Very
SPEAKER_L: I really don't want to move home after like only a few weeks. I mean I'm at a small school, we only have like a few 1000 students, so I'm hoping we'll be able to keep it contained and keep it pretty minimal, but I just don't know like, because it's hard to know what people are doing outside of like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: when they're in private. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's the big, big threat. Um In fact from a work perspective, one of the projects I I've got is um we're running um tests of live virus on specific materials to understand how long it lasts, right? And I just got emerging test results today from our fourth round of tests. Um It's kind of cool we put you know we break down materials and put them on these trays and I don't do it. I've got people that are doing it. Um They're in a bio level three lab and you know working with hoods, you know like you know hood hooded environment with positive air control and they've got a whole um you know suit on and everything. Um But in so many different types of conditions the the virus lasts um longer than you think. Um You can have like if it's if it's on a piece of paper and that piece of paper is just sitting here, it might die within a day. Um But if it's on something like some books like with with a shiny cover and you have multiple books stacked and it's in there, it might last More than six days. Right? And so you know that's the kind of things we're trying to figure out and understand um when it comes to how this thing behaves because um every little environment so different. Right? And to your point about air circulation, I was just on a call a little while ago
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and talking about air filtration and you know like your your heating and air system at home right? There's these filters that are in there. And if you go to home depot and buy a filter it can say oh this will filter out viruses and stuff. Well what does that really mean? Right.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: And and can can it be equivalent to this thing? And so you know particles are sized in micron size and you know like you get down to like the two micron range and you have a really good shot at filtering up virus and
SPEAKER_L: Problem.
SPEAKER_R: so including this one and so you know so that's kind of like an interesting dynamic that we're looking to employ. Um And then when you exchange the air the fresh air that just makes all the difference. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I'm hoping it works. I don't like, okay, so I'm a bio student violence
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: psych, but I don't think that much about how it works. Um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: because I haven't, I'm still only taking like we have four basically intro classes. I don't really know before you get into electives, but I haven't taken anything about like disease or anything. I'm hoping to eventually, What did you major in?
SPEAKER_R: Computer science. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Still pretty different.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah but so but this is the bizarre thing so you know I've got undergrad and computer scientists of science masters and systems engineering right? But then I have worked not only in it worlds um but applied I. T. Within biological growth. Like I did a lot of work in D. N. A.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Right? And it worked a lot with you know scientists who would get D. N. A. Um off of evidence and things like that and we data based DNA. And developed algorithms and things to help search and match and stuff. So it's sort of like your crime scene shows where they matched DNA profile. Yeah we used to do that do that stuff in real life right? Dogs upset
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: um being sequestered. He's normally got free reign so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: um but you know that said uh you know now I'm actually a C. I. O. Of an organization and um while I'm doing I. T. Things because of my background um and actually I used to do come biodefense to we'll rebuild like you know you have like uh you know threats like anthrax and thing sarin gas and you know other biologicals that are even chemicals that are bad. Um The uh well you would build systems that would help defend against the effects of these things and so through all of this work you just learn so much about all the different different sciences and so now that this project came up where I work, it was like a natural thing, hey, your background, you lied that type of thing,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: so you never know what you're going to get into. But yeah, so what's your main interest when it comes to, you know, the combo of bio and psych? That's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not really sure yet. Those are just sort of like my two things I was interested in. I don't really know how I want to combine them yet. I was also shown doing neuroscience because that is like a combination of them, but it wasn't like the parts of psych that I like. So I don't really know if I'll be able to combine them. I don't know, I just hope that like having both of them at the very least I'll have more like options even if I end up doing something with both of them at least like uh let's see how it is. I have a few years to figure that out.
SPEAKER_R: That's exactly right. So what, it's sophomore?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I'm a software,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, fantastic. Now it's good times. Um
SPEAKER_L: I wish this wasn't going on
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: because definitely weird, but
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it makes it uh highly highly
SPEAKER_L: back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, just little things, I mean, you know, yeah, we were talking about hosting a small party here, right? And um and and it's a replacement for something that we we would do in a very large scale every summer um primarily in Washington D. C. Um where it's called dinner in blankets. A dinner in blank is a everybody dresses up in everything white. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and, and it's, you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: know, kind of fun, right? It's just, and so in D. C. There was like 5500 people in the last few years. And it's a very, you know, invitation only kind of, you have to register and get in. And and we've been going for a number of years, and so we're in, you know, the organizers, and so we don't have any issues getting in, but it's just limited. And so long story short that's cancelled this year. And um, we were talking about like inviting our core group to come and have a,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you know, in lieu of event. Um, but then when you start thinking about having this social distance and be careful and and all these things, it starts to get a little unwieldy and you're just like, is it worth it? You know, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: So much you have to consider,
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: there's high precautions and
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, I mean, somebody that, that's on my team, they had a friend come over to visit two days later, the friend calls them up and says, I got it um
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: a week later, this guy got it and he was down hard for a couple weeks, you know, um all the symptoms do you think of, right? You know, he just struggled through them all and you know, it seems to be fine now, but even doesn't wish it on his worst enemy.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, I'm so wondering if it's the right decision to come here because I'm nervous. I mean, at least I'm young, so, but it does affect young people like, like that we're figuring out that like
SPEAKER_R: That's,
SPEAKER_L: the more goes
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: like the biggest growth area right now is transmission among, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: younger folks.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I just couldn't stay home, so I'm just hoping it goes okay and I don't have a big issue, but I'm staying in my room most of the time. Like if other people are going to be unsafe, I'm just not going to risk it and be around them. I'm just staying here as much as possible.
SPEAKER_R: Do they have masks and stuff for you there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We, they gave us two masks and we have to wear a mask. Like anywhere we go. Um
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: I don't like the masks they gave us. I brought my own reusable ones. Um And then there thing is like if you get exposed to it, you have to quarantine in your room and do online classes and then if you get it you go to a hotel and like isolate there. Um
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what like the threshold is for when we get sent home. Like um How many people have to have it? Like I don't know if it's like when the hotel is full because I heard it only has like 120 rooms. So like if it does start to spread, I feel like you know those will go pretty fast.
SPEAKER_R: Right, Yeah, wow, that's tough. I mean, hopefully, you know, don't be shy about wearing the mask. I mean, it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one of
SPEAKER_L: wear
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: all the time.
SPEAKER_R: no, that's good, I mean, you know, I don't know what kind of peer pressure exists around all that, but it's, it's not worth it to worry about any of that, it's about taking care of number one. Right. Mhm. Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: especially like I'm good with it. It's just other people and then it's not only on you to keep yourself safe, like you could be wearing a mask all the time and you're still not safe
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if the people around you aren't doing the same so like it's just hard because you can't control other people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Well, hopefully it'll all work out for you, you know, it's I know it's it's a shame really, I mean, at least you're getting part of the experience of being there, but uh
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: certainly
SPEAKER_L: definitely not sam.
SPEAKER_R: no, not at all, but well, hang in there, it'll be all right. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: well, we're cool. Um Mhm Oh goodness. So what I'd be curious like, um I got, you know, like, what are your folks think about it all you know you hear did they say you make the decision, do what you want or?
SPEAKER_L: I mean pretty much they're definitely like worried but they wanted me to go back like if I wanted to um they're super like careful with everything. You know they're doing all the precautions. They like I wasn't allowed to go out pretty much the whole summer towards the end. I'd love to see my friends once or twice but like socially distance of course. Um But I think they just saw how unhappy I was at home and so they wanted me to be happy like even though I'm not going out it's still just a nicer environment for me. I just need a change I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no I understand that. I mean when I was going to school it was semester came, it was time to go, right,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: just part of the deal. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Five months, like
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: I was home for five months.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, because you had
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: to go early.
SPEAKER_L: know if it was just like a normal summer maybe I would have opted to stay home because I wouldn't be as tired of it. But I mean I don't
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: if I stayed home and I'd be like almost a year off campus.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it almost be like starting over Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And then like all your friends are here, you don't want to mess up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No exactly. Um It's a good proportion that's back I mean like is it like
SPEAKER_L: I would say most people came back. I have one friend that stayed home. Um Not that many people stayed though, I think probably a lot of the people who stayed home or like international students um If I was living not in this country, I wouldn't want to come here right now because
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: other countries make so much better but I'm sure it's hard to move right now, like most unusual.
SPEAKER_R: Well it is, I mean you got to do the 14 day quarantine stuff and there's restrictions on who can come
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: and go and yeah that's that's a bit rough. Um That's really interesting. Um
SPEAKER_L: What am I? So you
SPEAKER_R: Go
SPEAKER_L: can go?
SPEAKER_R: ahead. No go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Well one of my friends has a professor who was doing like a year in Hungary last year and then this hit so they just stayed there and other teaching remotely from there. They have a family there or something I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What when you do, when you guys do remote stuff, what are you using to do that? Is it something the school uses?
SPEAKER_L: we assume. Um Last year when like we weren't prepared for a lot of the my lectures were just
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: a synchronous so they would post them are uh
SPEAKER_R: like a video?
SPEAKER_L: right and then we'd watch them but that really didn't work well for me because it's way too easy just to not watch it or like put it off until you have time to watch. Um I mean as much as I don't like zoom I think it is like the best way to do it if you're doing it online because you have to go. Um
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well they can, they know who's there, they can capture everything it can be and then it can be recorded on top of that yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So they post for at least the ones the teachers I have have been posting the lectures also. Um because they actually really flexible with people like being sick and then because if you're sick, if you're out for two weeks, that's a lot to miss. That's how much you have to quarantine if you got exposed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's cool. No, that was, yeah, I wanted to ask you about the technology because that's kind of where I live and breathe. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was funny, but the uh as a as a as an organization, we had planned Whatever Monday in March, it was 16 or 17, I don't know, Um 13th whatever it was, um we had planned to do an exercise that day, a full organizational exercise of everybody teleworking part of a disaster recovery type exercise, you know, because one of my office is that uh you know, it's near a very trite at a metro station in the city, lots of bad things can happen and you can you don't want to be there sometimes. And so anyway, so we were exercising our plan that day and and that's the day it really started to get serious about the virus. And we made the decision,
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: we're staying home and we haven't been back since and so I've been back in my office since then. Um we expected to all be out just with that one day just turned into months and
SPEAKER_L: Did you leave a lot of stuff in there that you don't have now? Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: fact, I've been uh you know, we're starting to buy things for people um and just direct ship them to their homes. Um Computer, the biggest thing is computer monitors. Um I had to get one. Um you know the work computer, it was a surface tablet, it was beautiful, it was like super portable. You know I could run around the meetings all day and just be functioning. Um Get back docket in and have two big monitors uh productive. All good, all this started and I don't have an extra big monitored home. I had I brought I had I had brought home the surface tablet and attachable keyboard and I was using that for a few months and I was like my eyes are going buggy, This thing is ridiculous. So I got a now I got a 27 in monitor and it's beautiful,
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: We found out that we were at our school closed while we were over spring break, so we had to go back and get our stuff and then go back home. Um It was chaotic.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's a shame, that's a shame. Do you live in pennsylvania as well or
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: enjoying
SPEAKER_R: of state?
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: Jersey? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's not too far, it's like usually about four hours.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's not too bad. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: we we drove up to Jersey, we were looking to buy a car and had found a one that was like in mint condition, a used car, but it was mint condition and it was in Jersey and for us it's about a four hour drive up there and uh to where this was and so um anyhow, it was like the the mhm went up there on a saturday, did all the stuff with the car, ended up buying the car, the dealership closed that afternoon that we were there for an extended period, like they were just shutting, they were shutting everything down and as we drove out of there um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you know, they were like shutting the lights off and that was it, they, I think they were all out of there for, I don't know, three months or so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's a long time. My
SPEAKER_R: especially thinking, you know it's like I was you know we were the last sale for this car salesman and you know it was just bizarre and we had rented a car and um we're taking it back to philadelphia as an airport
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: person
SPEAKER_R: I did a one way rental and why drag to back you know? And so um anyways by when we they had shut down the rental returns at the airport and so there was like what do I do with a stupid car? And so it became a big asshole, you know? But it was like everything was just like just rolling in this closing like you know, very bizarre experience. So but we ended up we got home and uh you know had to had to sit outside a restaurant and call and call and call a take out order to get some food on the way home instead of doing to drive. I mean, you know, just silly stuff, but the things you take for granted, you know, we're getting better at it now. But back then, it was very bizarre.
SPEAKER_L: Wait.
SPEAKER_R: Well, we're cool. Well, I looked like we're 25, can make it work well, you know, I wish you well
SPEAKER_L: detail.
SPEAKER_R: stay safe out there. I mean, you know, hopefully uh you know, you'll stay on the good side of this thing. All right, Yeah, enjoy yourself. All right.