Hi there how are you doing?
Oh he's what Obama already jumps up on the desk every so often
john good some good. Um We're in the country area.
about,
yeah what about, yes
Okay. Stay college me. Uh
no worries. I went to pitt um and so I had a t shirt at one point that directions to Penn State east
until you smell it north till you step in it. Okay. Uh Yeah no I'm from pennsylvania so
that's why I'm curiosity.
no I'm in Virginia. Let's get rid of him. You're going here we go.
Oh that was Sammy.
No that's funny. That's cute. Um Yeah I'm scott so uh but no that's Sammy. He's one of four here. Yeah. Yeah.
Right well we've got two of those floating around uh yep. Wanted right at my feet. So he is
called Rt everybody
three one second. He's a little guy. But he was sleeping.
There you go. He's got that little ipads going on. Mhm. All right back to sleep.
You know we think he is a longhaired chihuahua. Yeah.
Yeah we've got another larger one. Yeah uh sort of a border collie ish. Yeah. But he's probably 55 lb. So that little guy was I don't know, He's gained weight, he's probably 15. So. Mhm. Um Is this the first one of these? You done?
I think that maybe 3rd 1. Yeah,
that's what I understand. Yeah. And I've lost count so I need to make sure I'm right.
Well
Mhm. Um So do you use prolific a lot?
mm.
Yeah exactly. Uh Used to use it um during commutes and whatnot. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. You know it worked super easy and you know you're sitting on the train for an hour and um why not monetize that? Right.
You know so. Oh, cool, well, good. Um what, sorry, neighbors having air conditioning installed?
It's everything, so 11 2nd for me. Can
you pull that shot? Thank you. Uh Mhm.
All right, looks like I'm saddled with all the dogs now. Come here. All right. Um no, the uh look out the front door and the dog can see a neighbor side of a neighbor's house where air conditioning is getting re installed today. Um You know, it's been interesting though, uh animals are constant part of videoconferencing now, just because of the pandemic and you know, my organization, we have been teleworking since mid March and you know, it's been amazing uh from an effectiveness perspective, it's everyone is worried about productivity dropping and all these things and and not so much. Um I think people are really adjusting well.
wait.
Is has there been any outbreaks or anything since,
yep, no worries.
Has there been any outbreaks uh since you've just been a few days I guess you said? Right.
No way.
Well,
No,
well, but that's because that free exact phrases why they're not. Mhm. Right,
yeah, now that's pretty interesting. Um yeah, there's been watching, you know the news and you know, some of the larger campuses are reverting back to. Yeah. Very
Well
that's the big, big threat. Um In fact from a work perspective, one of the projects I I've got is um we're running um tests of live virus on specific materials to understand how long it lasts, right? And I just got emerging test results today from our fourth round of tests. Um It's kind of cool we put you know we break down materials and put them on these trays and I don't do it. I've got people that are doing it. Um They're in a bio level three lab and you know working with hoods, you know like you know hood hooded environment with positive air control and they've got a whole um you know suit on and everything. Um But in so many different types of conditions the the virus lasts um longer than you think. Um You can have like if it's if it's on a piece of paper and that piece of paper is just sitting here, it might die within a day. Um But if it's on something like some books like with with a shiny cover and you have multiple books stacked and it's in there, it might last More than six days. Right? And so you know that's the kind of things we're trying to figure out and understand um when it comes to how this thing behaves because um every little environment so different. Right? And to your point about air circulation, I was just on a call a little while ago
and talking about air filtration and you know like your your heating and air system at home right? There's these filters that are in there. And if you go to home depot and buy a filter it can say oh this will filter out viruses and stuff. Well what does that really mean? Right.
And and can can it be equivalent to this thing? And so you know particles are sized in micron size and you know like you get down to like the two micron range and you have a really good shot at filtering up virus and
so including this one and so you know so that's kind of like an interesting dynamic that we're looking to employ. Um And then when you exchange the air the fresh air that just makes all the difference. Right.
Perfect.
huh.
Computer science. Um
Well yeah but so but this is the bizarre thing so you know I've got undergrad and computer scientists of science masters and systems engineering right? But then I have worked not only in it worlds um but applied I. T. Within biological growth. Like I did a lot of work in D. N. A.
Right? And it worked a lot with you know scientists who would get D. N. A. Um off of evidence and things like that and we data based DNA. And developed algorithms and things to help search and match and stuff. So it's sort of like your crime scene shows where they matched DNA profile. Yeah we used to do that do that stuff in real life right? Dogs upset
um being sequestered. He's normally got free reign so
um but you know that said uh you know now I'm actually a C. I. O. Of an organization and um while I'm doing I. T. Things because of my background um and actually I used to do come biodefense to we'll rebuild like you know you have like uh you know threats like anthrax and thing sarin gas and you know other biologicals that are even chemicals that are bad. Um The uh well you would build systems that would help defend against the effects of these things and so through all of this work you just learn so much about all the different different sciences and so now that this project came up where I work, it was like a natural thing, hey, your background, you lied that type of thing,
so you never know what you're going to get into. But yeah, so what's your main interest when it comes to, you know, the combo of bio and psych? That's interesting.
That's exactly right. So what, it's sophomore?
Okay, fantastic. Now it's good times. Um
Well
yeah, it makes it uh highly highly
you know, just little things, I mean, you know, yeah, we were talking about hosting a small party here, right? And um and and it's a replacement for something that we we would do in a very large scale every summer um primarily in Washington D. C. Um where it's called dinner in blankets. A dinner in blank is a everybody dresses up in everything white. Um,
and, and it's, you
know, kind of fun, right? It's just, and so in D. C. There was like 5500 people in the last few years. And it's a very, you know, invitation only kind of, you have to register and get in. And and we've been going for a number of years, and so we're in, you know, the organizers, and so we don't have any issues getting in, but it's just limited. And so long story short that's cancelled this year. And um, we were talking about like inviting our core group to come and have a,
you know, in lieu of event. Um, but then when you start thinking about having this social distance and be careful and and all these things, it starts to get a little unwieldy and you're just like, is it worth it? You know, I mean,
there
is,
yeah, yeah, I mean, somebody that, that's on my team, they had a friend come over to visit two days later, the friend calls them up and says, I got it um
a week later, this guy got it and he was down hard for a couple weeks, you know, um all the symptoms do you think of, right? You know, he just struggled through them all and you know, it seems to be fine now, but even doesn't wish it on his worst enemy.
That's,
it's
like the biggest growth area right now is transmission among, yeah,
younger folks.
Do they have masks and stuff for you there?
Good.
interesting.
Right, Yeah, wow, that's tough. I mean, hopefully, you know, don't be shy about wearing the mask. I mean, it's
one of
the
no, that's good, I mean, you know, I don't know what kind of peer pressure exists around all that, but it's, it's not worth it to worry about any of that, it's about taking care of number one. Right. Mhm. Exactly.
I
Um Well, hopefully it'll all work out for you, you know, it's I know it's it's a shame really, I mean, at least you're getting part of the experience of being there, but uh
certainly
no, not at all, but well, hang in there, it'll be all right. Um Yeah,
well, we're cool. Um Mhm Oh goodness. So what I'd be curious like, um I got, you know, like, what are your folks think about it all you know you hear did they say you make the decision, do what you want or?
Yeah, no I understand that. I mean when I was going to school it was semester came, it was time to go, right,
just part of the deal. Um Yeah.
What's that?
Oh yeah, because you had
to go early.
No.
Yeah and it almost be like starting over Yeah.
Yeah. No exactly. Um It's a good proportion that's back I mean like is it like
All
Well it is, I mean you got to do the 14 day quarantine stuff and there's restrictions on who can come
and go and yeah that's that's a bit rough. Um That's really interesting. Um
Go
ahead. No go ahead.
Yeah. What when you do, when you guys do remote stuff, what are you using to do that? Is it something the school uses?
One
like a video?
okay.
Well they can, they know who's there, they can capture everything it can be and then it can be recorded on top of that yet.
Well that's cool. No, that was, yeah, I wanted to ask you about the technology because that's kind of where I live and breathe. Um
Yeah, it was funny, but the uh as a as a as an organization, we had planned Whatever Monday in March, it was 16 or 17, I don't know, Um 13th whatever it was, um we had planned to do an exercise that day, a full organizational exercise of everybody teleworking part of a disaster recovery type exercise, you know, because one of my office is that uh you know, it's near a very trite at a metro station in the city, lots of bad things can happen and you can you don't want to be there sometimes. And so anyway, so we were exercising our plan that day and and that's the day it really started to get serious about the virus. And we made the decision,
we're staying home and we haven't been back since and so I've been back in my office since then. Um we expected to all be out just with that one day just turned into months and
fact, I've been uh you know, we're starting to buy things for people um and just direct ship them to their homes. Um Computer, the biggest thing is computer monitors. Um I had to get one. Um you know the work computer, it was a surface tablet, it was beautiful, it was like super portable. You know I could run around the meetings all day and just be functioning. Um Get back docket in and have two big monitors uh productive. All good, all this started and I don't have an extra big monitored home. I had I brought I had I had brought home the surface tablet and attachable keyboard and I was using that for a few months and I was like my eyes are going buggy, This thing is ridiculous. So I got a now I got a 27 in monitor and it's beautiful,
you know?
Oh that's a shame, that's a shame. Do you live in pennsylvania as well or
do you
out
of state?
Jersey? Mhm.
Okay, that's not too bad. Um Yeah,
we we drove up to Jersey, we were looking to buy a car and had found a one that was like in mint condition, a used car, but it was mint condition and it was in Jersey and for us it's about a four hour drive up there and uh to where this was and so um anyhow, it was like the the mhm went up there on a saturday, did all the stuff with the car, ended up buying the car, the dealership closed that afternoon that we were there for an extended period, like they were just shutting, they were shutting everything down and as we drove out of there um
you know, they were like shutting the lights off and that was it, they, I think they were all out of there for, I don't know, three months or so.
especially thinking, you know it's like I was you know we were the last sale for this car salesman and you know it was just bizarre and we had rented a car and um we're taking it back to philadelphia as an airport
because
I did a one way rental and why drag to back you know? And so um anyways by when we they had shut down the rental returns at the airport and so there was like what do I do with a stupid car? And so it became a big asshole, you know? But it was like everything was just like just rolling in this closing like you know, very bizarre experience. So but we ended up we got home and uh you know had to had to sit outside a restaurant and call and call and call a take out order to get some food on the way home instead of doing to drive. I mean, you know, just silly stuff, but the things you take for granted, you know, we're getting better at it now. But back then, it was very bizarre.
Well, we're cool. Well, I looked like we're 25, can make it work well, you know, I wish you well
stay safe out there. I mean, you know, hopefully uh you know, you'll stay on the good side of this thing. All right, Yeah, enjoy yourself. All right.