sure. What about you and the ship speaking on a point? Yeah. Mhm. You're not tell you what? Mhm. Hi.
That's
How are you?
I'm in pennsylvania college.
What?
I'm not just the middle of nowhere
uh A bit farther from there but yeah.
Just look what
hello
are you there right now or did you move?
What's his name?
Oh my name's Sammy.
I'm definitely more of a dog person but I do like that too.
When?
Oh that's a nice name.
Uh He's cute.
What kind of dog is he?
I have a dog but he's big he's um we don't know exactly what he is because he's a mutt but we think he has some dutch, shepherd. Yeah.
I've done one other a few weeks ago. What? Yeah.
We only get like four of these. Right,
Um Probably just
look in your submissions to see how much of your campaign.
Yeah. I just started maybe a month and a half ago. Um just
because I was home for the summer and I was really born not really doing anything. Um now I'm back at school. I just started classes a few days ago, but I'm still doing it because I don't have a job. So if I should start a little bit of something,
Didn't get on your phone. Okay.
Yeah. Dropped by.
that's okay.
Good.
Yeah.
I definitely can't say the same for school, I think because my school shut down mid March and we always at home and then uh we went to online classes and I think it's just such a huge change. And like, I think the biggest thing was not being in a school environment anymore, I was like back at home which is you know that's where I go for breaks so it was just hard to focus. Yeah everybody else I've talked to us at the same um
This semester we were allowed to have the option of staying home or coming back to campus but I just couldn't stay home any longer. Like I was so bored and I just need my friends but I don't know how long we're gonna be staying.
sorry I'm on a call jeremy. What
do you say? So
I mean there have been people on campus for like a week or maybe longer and there was at least two positive cases. I'm not sure if they were contained or not. I guess we'll see. Um We have to get tested every 10 days to.
Yeah so hopefully that works. Um they've done some other precautions, like they added 30 minutes in between classes because something about like the air will like completely re circulate between classes and we have to disinfect
our desks after each class and stuff like that. But um I think the problem is with what people are doing outside of class. Actually, I've noticed freshmen are horrible, like the freshman had a party like last weekend before
school even started and um you would think that they would want to be extra careful because it's their first time in college. But.
Yeah.
I really don't want to move home after like only a few weeks. I mean I'm at a small school, we only have like a few 1000 students, so I'm hoping we'll be able to keep it contained and keep it pretty minimal, but I just don't know like, because it's hard to know what people are doing outside of like
when they're in private. Yeah.
What?
What?
Problem.
Mhm. Yeah, I'm hoping it works. I don't like, okay, so I'm a bio student violence
psych, but I don't think that much about how it works. Um
because I haven't, I'm still only taking like we have four basically intro classes. I don't really know before you get into electives, but I haven't taken anything about like disease or anything. I'm hoping to eventually, What did you major in?
Okay. Still pretty different.
Okay. That's interesting.
Thanks
What?
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm not really sure yet. Those are just sort of like my two things I was interested in. I don't really know how I want to combine them yet. I was also shown doing neuroscience because that is like a combination of them, but it wasn't like the parts of psych that I like. So I don't really know if I'll be able to combine them. I don't know, I just hope that like having both of them at the very least I'll have more like options even if I end up doing something with both of them at least like uh let's see how it is. I have a few years to figure that out.
Oh yeah, I'm a software,
I wish this wasn't going on
because definitely weird, but
back. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Mhm.
So much you have to consider,
like
there's high precautions and
hmm.
I'm like, I'm so wondering if it's the right decision to come here because I'm nervous. I mean, at least I'm young, so, but it does affect young people like, like that we're figuring out that like
the more goes
on.
So
I don't know, I just couldn't stay home, so I'm just hoping it goes okay and I don't have a big issue, but I'm staying in my room most of the time. Like if other people are going to be unsafe, I'm just not going to risk it and be around them. I'm just staying here as much as possible.
Yeah. We, they gave us two masks and we have to wear a mask. Like anywhere we go. Um
I don't like the masks they gave us. I brought my own reusable ones. Um And then there thing is like if you get exposed to it, you have to quarantine in your room and do online classes and then if you get it you go to a hotel and like isolate there. Um
I don't know what like the threshold is for when we get sent home. Like um How many people have to have it? Like I don't know if it's like when the hotel is full because I heard it only has like 120 rooms. So like if it does start to spread, I feel like you know those will go pretty fast.
I
wear
all the time.
especially like I'm good with it. It's just other people and then it's not only on you to keep yourself safe, like you could be wearing a mask all the time and you're still not safe
if the people around you aren't doing the same so like it's just hard because you can't control other people. Yeah.
it's
definitely not sam.
Mhm.
I mean pretty much they're definitely like worried but they wanted me to go back like if I wanted to um they're super like careful with everything. You know they're doing all the precautions. They like I wasn't allowed to go out pretty much the whole summer towards the end. I'd love to see my friends once or twice but like socially distance of course. Um But I think they just saw how unhappy I was at home and so they wanted me to be happy like even though I'm not going out it's still just a nicer environment for me. I just need a change I guess.
Mhm. Yeah.
Five months, like
I was home for five months.
You
know if it was just like a normal summer maybe I would have opted to stay home because I wouldn't be as tired of it. But I mean I don't
if I stayed home and I'd be like almost a year off campus.
And then like all your friends are here, you don't want to mess up. Yeah.
I would say most people came back. I have one friend that stayed home. Um Not that many people stayed though, I think probably a lot of the people who stayed home or like international students um If I was living not in this country, I wouldn't want to come here right now because
other countries make so much better but I'm sure it's hard to move right now, like most unusual.
But.
What am I? So you
can go?
Well one of my friends has a professor who was doing like a year in Hungary last year and then this hit so they just stayed there and other teaching remotely from there. They have a family there or something I don't know
we assume. Um Last year when like we weren't prepared for a lot of the my lectures were just
a synchronous so they would post them are uh
right and then we'd watch them but that really didn't work well for me because it's way too easy just to not watch it or like put it off until you have time to watch. Um I mean as much as I don't like zoom I think it is like the best way to do it if you're doing it online because you have to go. Um
Yeah.
Yeah. So they post for at least the ones the teachers I have have been posting the lectures also. Um because they actually really flexible with people like being sick and then because if you're sick, if you're out for two weeks, that's a lot to miss. That's how much you have to quarantine if you got exposed. Yeah.
Oh.
Just
Did you leave a lot of stuff in there that you don't have now? Yeah. Uh
that's good.
We found out that we were at our school closed while we were over spring break, so we had to go back and get our stuff and then go back home. Um It was chaotic.
No,
I wasn't
enjoying
you.
it's not too far, it's like usually about four hours.
Well
No.
Oh wow, that's a long time. My
The
person
Wait.
detail.