first one phrase repeatedly into the blocks to create problems. They know people, they know the people they use the cell phone cameras to expose the drop. They encountered the problem that will let prove by the different maps The ones that work. Well they say in 95 surgical path right now. Very cute. Any drop, but those should be reserved for frontline healthcare workers, those standards. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. You can stop it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Shit, wow. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Oh yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah.
How are you?
Thank you. Sam.
Oh wow. We're like all the way coastal here. I'm in Connecticut so that's crazy. Huh? Yeah,
I've
tried
I've
tried to do this several times and nobody shows up so it's cool. How are you ready?
Oh we've got a big difference then. I'm almost 60 so I'm sure we'll find something to talk about. What do you know
what are you studying
and?
Oh wow. Well hopefully you can figure out this, this country may be one of the president learned how to fix everything,
totally screwed everything up.
I'm looking too good is it? He's on tv right now. I'm trying to like ignore him. It's a mess. Um while I used to work in the hospital, I was a cardiac technician for most of my life and so now we live here in Connecticut. I just came back from Yale. I had doctor's appointment this morning. So um
I have cats. What do you have? You have
anything?
No pets?
She's
not
going
for
it.
I
didn't
like the door. You didn't like the dorm.
okay. I see I see, I see. Yeah
it's bad out there still. Huh?
That's crazy. I mean, you know, we are, you know, new york and Connecticut, New Jersey, we're kind of like at the beginning of the mess, you know? And I think the three governors got their heads together and kind of like kind of work together. So we've pretty much been on a, you know, like a flat plateau ever since. But I'm really worried that it's going to start coming back up here, you know, because nobody listens, they don't wear their masks or do what they're supposed to do. And I mean the rednecks down south, they don't want to do anything. I don't understand those people. They think that they're having their rights taken away. And it's like, would you like to live what is wrong with you people? You know, I mean yet into the hospital today, literally I had to have a COVID-19 tests on Saturday. Then when I got there I had to have my
temperature taken and go through all this line of questions. And then when I got upstairs literally, I mean they I understand why they're doing it because I was blowing into machines and stuff. But I mean they literally treat everything that you have, like all the stuff that you blow into. They like bag it up, toss it away like it has some kind of disease on it or what I mean, it's really strict to go into the hospital at all. And the only reason my friend got to go with me because she was pushing my chair
because otherwise we don't have anybody, no visitors allowed with you. Nobody is to go along with you to testing. Um I had a heart cast four weeks ago. Um technically there was to be nobody come with me. You know, literally. You gotta go and do all this crazy stuff that's kind of scary by yourself. You know that's hard and you know people having babies and stuff I think they're allowing the husbands to come in now but they weren't initially and all these health care workers, you know, they're scared to death and getting sick and I don't blame them. It's crazy. The
institute,
I don't know. Um I mean I know I know it's been bad in L. A. Because I have a friend that lives there and she said you know she hasn't been out of her house, she hasn't gone anywhere. She works from home. You know like how you guys doing classes, you're doing them remotely or what are you doing?
5.5, that's what they're doing with school here. They can either work, they can either go from home or they can do a half a day of each thing, you know? Because some of the parents don't want their kids to go and I can understand that. I wouldn't necessarily want mine to go either, you know, because he might bring it home to me. Everyone with a compromise Immune system and the whole nine yards. So, you know, it's more about me than it is about, you know, my kids,
but
now the kids are getting sick too. So I don't
know.
I'm what in the world? This idiots? Uh there was a shooting outside the white house suspect taken to the hospital dang it. They missed him. Goddard
it. I was hoping somebody would try to shoot him. I don't think that's the only way we're ever going to get rid of it is if somebody shoots him. God, I hope joe biden wins. I really do because I don't know what I'm gonna do with another four years of this nonsense. No,
I saw about mod. It's so bad and you know,
I don't
know. Have you gotten any discrimination?
But
now I know some people um you know who are asian who have had some problems, you know with certain
people saying, you know, go back to your country and you did this and you're you know, it's your fault most crap and it's like shut up, it has
nothing to do with you guys.
So sad. It's bad. This country is really bad with like globalism and stuff like that. It's so sad. You know these people Treating other people the way they do and that George Floyd thing that was horrible to watch. That was horrible. I saw the police body Cam one just horrible to watch.
How can you do that to somebody? I hope they throw the key away with him. Yeah.
How about you know I used to live in texas. Let me tell you something honey. You don't want to go there either. You don't want to go there. Those people are crazy too. You know I I was born and raised in the Northeast so I'm there as you can tell I'm a chatty Cathy right I have my opinions and okay if you don't like them, that's fine. If you don't believe what I believe that's fine. I don't care. But these people were crazy. They didn't like gay people. They didn't like black people. They didn't like asians. The black people live on one side of the railroad track, the white people are on the other. I'm not kidding. This is today. And I got a black babysitter when my, my son was little. And do you know, these people gave me a hard time? Well, you really want to do that. And I'm like, why wouldn't I want to do that? I said she's good to him. She takes him to the, to the, takes him to church with her. They went to the afro american festival at the college. You know, I mean, they took him to things that, you know, I, I thought it was great for him to see that diversity. You know what I mean? And to to know somebody else's culture and nobody knows somebody else's religion or whatever. And they were just horrible about it. And I just got to the point where I couldn't stand it. I had friends at work because I work down towards Dallas and stuff at the hospital and they refused to come to my house. And I said, why? I said, nobody's going to bother you. He said, it's not me. I'm worried about it's you, I'm worried about. I said, are you serious? He says, I don't want them. You know, like slashing your tires or you know, putting shit on your lawn or you know, treating treating you poorly because you have a black friend and I could not raise my son in a place like that. I just can't do it. So I came back here because I just did not want him to run in racism or think it was okay or think that because somebody loves somebody same sex if that's wrong. You know, I think he said to me, I laughed because I'm kind of like an antagonist. I said to them. So where do you all hide the gay people around here? And this nurse, this is a nurse says to me don't you be taking your boy down there to the park? And Sherman, they're down there in the bushes. I said who's in the bushes? Then them fags are down there fucking in the bushes. She says I said you've got to be out of your mind. I said are you kidding me? And the whole thing just blew my mind. I was like you cannot believe that here's an educated person who went through four years of nursing school. She has a bachelor's degree. It is telling me that the gay people are down there having sex in the bushes. Yeah unreal. So I came back here because this is where people are normal. I think California is that way to people are normal there people are normal here and everywhere in between is like yeah who knows? You know flip a coin? Who knows whether they're okay or not. I just don't get it. I don't get it, you know? And I'm like I said, I'm way older than you, you know, So you would think that I would have a little bit of bias or you know, whatever, but I wasn't raised that way. I wasn't raised to think, you know, anybody was different than anybody else. I've had a black boyfriend, I've had an Indian East Indian boyfriend. I don't think I've dated an Asian yet, but you know, in my past, who knows? I might have I can't remember, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Mhm. You know, as long as somebody's good to you and cares about you, loves you gives a shit what race? They are so stupid. You know, East indians have a weird kind of thing too, you know, with their pre arranged marriages and stuff. The guy I was dating, he actually had a wife but he hated her. I think he wouldn't divorce her because the family, the family would have like
kick him out because it was like an arranged thing and the two businesses of the parents kind of went together so if he divorced her there would be a real problem. And I said well I don't understand how you can live like that you know? And he did eventually divorce her. I found out you know, but it's crazy. It's crazy. Do you have a girlfriend? Mhm.
No, not that.
Well you're doing okay with me, You don't even know me? So I
probably safe as probably older
than your mother, so I'm probably safe. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh Yeah.
So what your parents do?
Yes.
In other words they're working really hard, right. Yes, I get it. I get it. You know it's interesting to me how different
cultures have different work ethics americans have no work ethic
at all.
They want everything, they want to be handed to them on a silver
platter here it is. You don't need to do anything, you can sit around and screw off and make $15 an hour or whatever it is. And I noticed like the indians and the asians and um trying to think they have like a big thing with education
and working and working hard you know and that's why I talked to this one guy, he used to own the convenience store and he told me that they bought the convenience store, he stays here and he works for a couple of years and then he goes home and somebody comes over then a different family member, they come over here, they make their fortune however much you know, they make, they go home then they send another family member over because whatever they like if they make
dollars here, that's a huge amount in India, you know, so it just was really interesting
to me how he, you know, was explaining it to me and how all that worked and I said, wow, that's a cool idea actually, you know that you could spread the wealth around your family that way and everybody gets a chance, you know? So I thought it was really interesting. Oh
I would love to talk to you because he wants to go to Japan so bad, he's learning japanese on dueling go actually, yeah, he was great to talk to you because I don't know if you know any or not, but that would be interesting. I'm sure your parents baby do, I don't know, but you know, he just really is fascinated with the japanese culture and he would love to go over there, you would love it, he's really, really into it and he thinks thinks you guys are great, he loves all the enemy and all that stuff, you know, he's really into all that stuff, so he's 30 years old, you like, like, well of course he likes the video games too, but um he
got really
interested in, you know, different food and you know, he looks up and reads up on a lot of stuff. He really, you know, I think if we had the money he would have been there by now, you know, a lot of money to travel, so you know, I'm like lower middle class, maybe probably somewhere in there. Um I don't have a lot of money, so you do what you do? I'm I'm lucky I get out of Groton, you know it's a new york, I'm doing good, you know? Um we live Where we live, it's groton Connecticut and I'm like 100 miles from Boston which takes me about an hour and a half to get there and then on the train is three hours to new york city and then philadelphia is not too far, Maybe a little bit further, maybe four or 5 hours to Philly but it's kind of like centrally located so you can get so all these places, you know, it's just kind of neat here and we live along the shoreline so we're like on the ocean, you know, it's not like out there. The atlantic is always cold. At least it is, I don't put my foot in it, that's for sure. Too damn cold for me. Um Plus, I mean Long Island Sound is not the cleanest of water. So I
was going in there either. So mm Yeah, I'm not too good. Um, but once you get up into Rhode island, you know when you hit the, you get out of Long Island Sound and you're into the actual atlantic ocean, it's kind of neat because you can see the dolphins and the seals and you know the whales are out there. They have whale watching and stuff. It's fun. I would
love to go out on on the pacific ocean because you can see all kinds of neat animals in the ocean out there. I watch videos of the dolphins coming up to people and you know, I just think there would be so cool. Mm You're in Los Angeles. So where exactly what part are you in? Yeah,
it
was removed from san Diego. It's beautiful
there
there.
It's beautiful there. I loved it. We were there and we went to Sea World and we went to that water park down by the border. I don't what the hell It's common. There's a water park down by the border and people were so nice. You know it was that's a that's a town that is like multicultural, natural. I mean there's so many people. I saw Russian people. I saw all kinds of different people there. I don't know whether they were all tourists or or what it was but I mean you know standing in line trying to get into things that Seaworld. I mean I talked to a lot of different people. It was really fun, it loved the food, love the weather, it's never a bad day there. I'm not kidding all the time I was here. It was like beautiful 70° and just perfect. My friend lives near like she walks out of her condo, she can go downtown like past the Grauman's chinese and you know all that touristy crap that's down there. Um She is a political
consultant so she works for all those politicians out there trying to get them elected. Yeah interesting job. She used to work, I used to work for Hillary to not this election but the one before. Yeah. Um She literally cried when she didn't get elected. She was so upset.
But she I mean she knows her she's you know she's friendly with her and stuff. She was so upset
and I said I cried too. So I think you're the only one that cried
in
lots of us that cried. Couldn't
believe
start over.
What's up in an alternate reality or something. Somebody who says that he can grab people women by the pussy president. Right?
Nothing to be proud of. Oh God!
Who?
And what are the other two are This one is Ruby ruby. Wake up baby girl, come again. Let me get
give me a baby girl. Yeah This is my little grey one. Hi baby girl. Don't get it first. She doesn't like to be out. Yes, ruby dooby. That's why rubes. Hi look up. There you go.
Yeah she's a girl. Yes I'm a good girl. You're
relaxed because you were sleeping. Huh? She doesn't like to be a have She's got four white wait boots,
little a little white collar under her neck right here.
Yeah or something. Yeah.
What you're doing? I can't believe you. Let me hold you mama.
So she's like okay I've had enough big cat, I have a maine coon
well I can wait with a has a moustache and his name of ali he's he's six years old and he's £17. Yeah he's a big guy. I'm
Um He would love you. He loves he's mr social man. Um If there's anybody comes to the door he goes to the door like a dog. When I got him I had a dog and I think he thinks he's a dog. You know what I mean? When chubby died you know he was totally lost. Didn't know what to do with himself and I didn't want to get another dog because it's too hard for me to walk them. So I said until I get a place of my own which I'm trying to get a house. Um No more dogs I said but I felt bad for Ali because he was like really depressed you know? So we got these baby kittens, Oh my God, she has a sister that I've got to. Her name is Sapphire is really in Sapphire and Sapphire is like has half a face, One thing and a half to face the other kind of and she's like a tortoise. You know, she's more than one colour. Um Always black and white with the long hair. And right now he has a lion cut. So he looks like a lion. He was a little Poofy
one is chaos. Um but he didn't know what to do with these kittens. You know, it was like, what did you bring home? And I don't like it. And so I had to have a play pad, literally. That is me for your pets. Because we had done remodeling here and I had to put him in something so I didn't know what else to do. I was going to put him in the great for hours on end so I could put a a litter box and his food and all that good stuff in there, you know? So I thought I'll put the kittens in there with their box and then their stuff and he can get used to him a little bit. Well, he would hiss at them and spit at him and
growl and I thought, I don't know if this is gonna work or not, you know, So we blocked off the kitchen so that they couldn't get into anything, you know, that I'd have to pull them out of and we put one down at a time, you know? And they played which I was surprised. I got one of those tube things that they can shoot in and out of and he played with them. And so we Did that for like three or 4 days and then finally we turned them loose in my house. Well they kept running through my where my power strips are and putting off the computers and turning off the television. And so I had to stick a pillow back there so they wouldn't and everything now they're good. They they just turned a year old.
We're good. But that first couple of months boy, I wasn't sure. Yeah kept and they play at nighttime.
So 2:00 AM. You hear this what stairs with the little dingo
battles? They all have bowels on, right? So
you can get down the stairs up the stairs and he's chasing them with his big fat ass running up and down the steps. I guess. I'm curious when I take him to that, see if he lost any weight because He's been chasing. He likes the little gray one. Now they're all fixed. Okay. He tries to he tries to get his thing on with the Little Gray one. And I said, I don't know. And I think I'm not real keen on how animal sex works, right. I think if she's not in heat it will work. But he tries and I'm going to ask the vet about it because time I'm not playing with a water bottle because he like cats when they have sex there. Mean like he holds her down and growls and snarls and bites and I'm like,
I get the water bottle, stop it. We were alone. Go to your corner, you know, go make, go look yourself or something, leave this poor kitty alot. There it
was. There she is. She's going back to sleep. She said screw it. Where the other two are,
nobody laying in my clothes. The one likes to lay in my clothes and you live. No, she's not up there. I was wondering why all my clothes were like in the floor. What happened there? And she starts her digging thing and everything goes on the floor and I'm like a high caught you. Yeah,
I absolutely love them. I love uh huh. I would be so lost without ali I would like my best friend and my my boyfriend and with me and snuggles up next to me and turns on his side and lets me rub his belly. And he pers and it's so cool to like fall asleep listening to that. It's very soothing. You know, they're very calming.
You know, it's
not
it's really he's a real sweetheart and he's like a mama protector too. I had my knee replaced and the physical therapist was here and she hold my leg and it hurt and I yelled
and he was on the bed with me and I thought he was going to take her head off. I'm like holy shit ali don't do that. So it was like my mama, you know, don't you be messing with her, But the dog would have never done that. He would just be like, what the hell? You know Port shopping Tubby was old, he was like 16 years old. He couldn't see, couldn't hear he found
out he fell down the steps and that scared me and I was like, I think it's time because I don't want him to break his neck going down the steps so I finally put him to sleep. But you know, he was such a sweetheart, Everybody loved him, the whole neighborhood, his last walk in the neighborhood, everybody went all the kids in the neighborhood, everybody. Yeah,
it was hard, it was hard. But you know as a mama a pet parent, you gotta do what you gotta do, you know That's the hardest thing ever. My my old lady kidding was 17. She
had started having seizures and I had to put her to sleep in. That about killed me and I had her for so long and it's just it's not fair that they don't live as long as you do. It's not fair. Yeah. I wish, you know like like birds, they laugh, they can live longer than you sometimes.
Yeah, but they can be me. No,
I don't want them to be biting my finger off. You know I looked at one actually but you know birds are dirty messy things, you know they like scratch all their stuff around and poop everywhere and it's like uh I had two cockatiels and it was like
just a mess you know bird seed everywhere and I can't deal with this. Now I have cat litter everywhere. I found something that they don't track the cat letter I put when there's a map you can buy, you put it under the boxes and all the litter that's on their feet, stays on that mat and then just pick the mat up and take it outside, shake it off. They're not tracking it all through the house because it gets in their feet. I want one of those robotic cat litter things. They're
expensive, it's a cat
box that's a robot and it as soon as they get in there after they get out it spins and sifts out all the poop
and stuff.
robo litter or something like that, I forget
what it's called. It's a round thing and you know once they get in it I guess
it
has
a sensor or something and what they're done doing their business like within you can set it up for how long you would want it to be and then you know they it empties it out and then they have fresh litter. So But $400.
$400. I
said come on you can make that cheaper than that. Come on that's ridiculous.
$100 for a freaking cat cat box. And I have three cats. So you would think that you would need more than one because technically you're supposed to have a litter box for each cat. I have two little boxes for three cats but I really should have a 3rd 1 and that way they each have their own poop thing because they had the two little ones going, the one and the big cat goes in the other one. But they really should have an extra box. It's interesting.
So, are you sick of talking to me already? Has it been 25 minutes? I'm sure it has.
True.
I
love I do. He had last time or we almost lost the big one. He had don't ever give your cats temptations treats. He got a kidney blockage from crystals in his urine. And it comes from giving them those treats. So don't give them that. If you ever get a kitty
Couple, You have to have surgery in the whole nine yards, $1800 about
that. I was like, oh my God, everything I saved up. I'm gonna have to spend it on, right. You know, some people have said to me, well, I would have put him to sleep. I'm like, no, not that one. That child. there's no way you're getting, no way I'm putting him to sleep now. You know, you do what you have to do because they can't they can't do it for themselves. So you got to do it,
Well, it's a commitment like having a child, you know, you're responsible for them. You know, you have to make sure that they get their regular doctor visits and their shots and you know, all he has to get a haircut every year because he's just so hairy and he picks his hair. So it's just easier for me to get him shaved down every year, so he's comfortable on, you know, their nails have to be done. And I mean it's just like having a child so
you can commit to that be a good parent. I think it teaches you a lot about whether you're gonna be good to have a child or not. If you have no patience with your animal, you're probably not going to have much patience with the baby either. Yeah.
Well I'm sure I mean at some point you're going to
have a kid or get married or whatever, you got to find a girlfriend first.
Well I don't know what it would be hard. You ever seemed like a sweet kid.
You know, I don't think it should be hard find
with girls in California. Good Lord. All those blondes and long hair
we keep
I'm sure you'll be able to find one. Mhm. There's
many of them out there all trying to be a star or be a model or be something. Uh huh.
Maybe one day when you're when you figure out your life as far as what you're gonna be.
Uh huh. You know I don't know what you're studying Economics that can take you at all many kinds of directions. An accountant or you know something I don't know it seems like it seems like seems like something good to learn anyway,
you know? Yeah it's
taken me a long time to be
that
way.
But I am now
or this is too difficult soon is. I
know
and I'm the person that will go to the thrift store you know versus going to the regular store and try to find something the second hand that's the same thing. You know or I mean a lot of people give away stuff that's brand new. They've never you know they bought it and they don't want to you know they don't. Mhm. For whatever reason they don't want it now or they never maybe they lost interest before they actually did anything with it. You know what I mean? To me it's like you go in there and they have new with tags and the tags are still on it and why should I pay full price if I can get it for half? You know I've seen with clothes I buy lots of my clothes at the thrift store. Nobody would ever know unless I tell them you know it's it's really nice stuff you know So I pay full price. I know I don't like to pay full price
bring
I wait stuff is on sale. I stand in line at best buy on thanksgiving to get a good deal. That's what I did with my phone. They had $600 off the s. nine note Thanksgiving. And I stood out there in like 30° weather waiting for them to open the door so I could go get my phone. $1200 phone for 6 99. Why not,
wow, I'll think about that for a few minutes and be cold. I don't know what they're gonna do about black friday this year. I guess everything's going to be online. It'll be cyber monday all day
and that's like I did with my camera. I bought a Cannon that uh I think it's a sx I think and The regular price was 799 and they had it on sale At Kohl's for 3 99. But They gave you $140 in cold cash if you bought it. So that's another 100 $40 off that I could use to buy christmas presents with. I got my camera for like
$250
that those are the kind of deals I look for some big sense. You know, I get something else or I can use it for something else or you know it's multi purpose kind of thing. You know My car is 11 years old. Why did I get a new car? It runs not as pretty as it used to be, but it's it's still functional. I don't know. To me. That's all status. You know. Oh look at my brand new car, you know, look at my ride Blah Blah Blah. You know. Well you're paying a $600 car payment minus paid for. Thank you very much. Who's the dummy here? And then she lost her job eight. And it's like, so what are you gonna do with that car now? She struggled boy. Let me tell you, You gotta pay rent, you gotta pay a $600 card payment. What the hell were you thinking?
It's ridiculous how much cars are that's like a house. You know, what are you thinking?
Well why, why are they so expensive? You know, there should be some kind of incentive
to buy one. You know what I mean? They're so dumb. I mean, you want these people to buy these cars, you have
to give them an incentive to do it. There needs to be charging stations, It's like the East Coast. We have no charging stations. Where are they? I mean you can't charge them like your car at your house. You know, I mean you need a charging station. All of these like apartment complexes and things need to put charging stations in, you know, to the parking lot. So people have a place to do it, Nobody's gonna buy them if you don't have a way to do it. That's the sad part. I would like a hybrid. I wouldn't mind having one of those. Those are cool because look at all the gas you say the hybrid engine charges the power, you know, that's really cool. I think that's neat. If I do get a new car, it'll probably be one of those
because I like the idea of not having to buy gas for six months. Yo Yeah, that
sounds like a good deal to me.
That's a big money saver, you know about all the gas you buy. That's a lot of money now, of course, since Covid gases like cheap, cheap,
you know, I wish I had a storage tank to like piled up and keep it, keep it somewhere. No, eventually it's gonna go, you know How it was almost a dollar 60 here I am, almost died. Oh
my God, what's going on?
I had been out for a while, you know? Holy shit. Yeah, it was cheap. I thought didn't cost me $20 to fill my car. Holy crap. And like A couple months ago it costs me $60 to fill my car. And I'm like, yeah, we can keep this covid around for a while. This is
what I'll keep it. I think it had with us not buying any oil from anybody else. So I think that's part of it.
I wonder how many people had like stock and matt and lost a whole pile of money.
I'm sure I'm sure I don't understand the stock market, I'm sure in economics you guys understand that stuff. I don't get it.
I just don't I don't know anything about buying stock and what's good to buy, what's not good to buy and I don't want to lose my money, you know, because I don't have enough to really invest. So if I'm going to put 100 or $200 into something, I'm not gonna, you know, like if I'm buying shares or something, I don't want to visit, you know?
I don't think so either. I tried to understand it and tried to learn online and it's so confusing, you know, all those words and all these different things and it's like, I don't get it, I don't understand what all this shit means. That's why they have investment guys, so people don't have to do it. That's why you got to learn how to do that, become the wolf of Wall Street, their kids.
That was a movie and a half, wasn't it? Oh, it's amazing how people can screw
other
people over like that. Not Lincoln, I just like, oh wow, you lost all your money. That's that's sad when you've got elderly people who are that screwed into a scam somehow and, you know, they don't know any better, they're just trying to you know, make sure their retirement,
you know, they can survive through their retirement or whatever, and then somebody does something like that to them, That's just so horrible. It's horrible. That's why I don't invest in anything but myself. Sure, No, if I want a tiny little nest egg of money that I'm okay, you know, I had like and I don't necessarily put it in the bank either, I have a little thing that I save it here, and I had close to five grand here at one point, you know that way? I know if something goes wrong, I have money.
honey, well,
not long enough anyway, so it was great to talk to you about
9th
bye bye.