mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, I'm okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Like this? Uh huh Uh huh. Mhm Oh, little what?
Good. How are you doing?
Thank you. Yeah, Logan. Yeah.
Just to meet you. Yeah. So this is
uh what do we, I just want to go?
Right.
are
we supposed to go to the next tab on the screen with the timer? Like do we hit the blue arrow? What?
Morning. Yeah,
it's kind of yes.
Do
not move on to the next page until you have opened the video chat in a new tab. But then it says some conflicting stuff. Yeah,
keep this survey tab open. Don't close it. Yeah, but
move
on.
Did you click it?
mm.
Okay. So we started this on 11, Yeah, This is weird.
This is weird. Dude,
I need
to
Yeah, I like this website. That's cool.
I did the and turk but it was kind of trash.
It's
um amazon you might like it. Like I think they kicked me off because I had two accounts.
It
was
good, good.
That's scary. Um I think I'm like $400 for the year just doing like a couple of minutes here and there. Yeah
Do you have a car?
You should do um Doordash and grubhub. It's fucking easy. Yeah, I
do that. And um when the covid shit started I was making like 40 bucks an hour every day was
just
all there right now. It's only like 2025 but it's just easy.
for
and
it's
not even work. It's
just
Yeah you can do it on a bike too, but uh you gotta you gotta live in this city.
Yeah, they do order a lot easy money.
I tried Instacart. It's not
it's not
Yeah, I did one delivery and I was done.
Uh Doordash is super easy and uh you just got picking up, it's like super simple. No
looking
for
things.
Yeah, I'm lucky I live in the city and um I live near all the restaurants, so I just get orders at home, I just waited for all the fatties and it's going to take the families
um like lunch and dinner, so like 11 to 1 30 And 5 - nine is pretty busy.
Yeah, I used to I used to actually do, I worked at domino's in California, I'm in Virginia now, but I worked at Domino's for three years straight. uh like 2:00 AM every night
Saved a 50 grand, bought this
tiny little studio cash so I don't have rent or mortgage anymore.
And
uh I just work
when
I want
and stuff, I never even had a mortgage, I just bought it.
is pretty good for me.
Go
ahead.
No, my dad was in the military so um I lived in Virginia, hawaii, north Carolina, texas, California. I think that's, it bounced
around all over the place.
Yeah. Yeah. Kanye, it's like a military base.
Yeah. Well I didn't really appreciate, it was only like 12. I actually live there twice, lived there when I was like two and three, and then I moved back when I was in 4th, 4th to 6th grade. It was really pretty, but I was like not appreciative because I was just a young man and I was like I hate this place. There's nowhere to go Kent can only go to the beach, can only go to this beautiful beach
But now
I'd love
to
go back
just
um it's there's like two sides of the island. There's um I think it's called the Windward Bay Kanye. And then the other side everybody knows about his Honolulu. That's like very city. Lot of people do like meth and stuff. Not very not a very good place but it's really pretty. And there's this highway that goes in between um it goes like through a mountain. So
you go it's called the H. Two Highway and it's like the most beautiful thing you've ever seen and you just see the water and I think they film Jurassic park there. Yeah. I'm not sure. It might have been the big island. There's seven islands I believe. And I think two of them are privately owned.
So some,
some did some rich did
owns a fucking
island.
Yeah, he's alive. This is definitely alive.
Dude,
I don't know, he might be alive. The cameras were off, the guys weren't paying attention.
He had his own island with underground tunnels.
Yeah, there's like tunnels. It's very sketchy.
there was like this fake building with like some weird logo. I didn't want to like too much into freak me out. Yeah, there's like all kinds of weird stuff on that island. I saw these guys um some guys on Youtube, they took a boat there and just like snuck on the island and then then they ended up getting chased away by guys and golf carts. So there's still dudes on the island like patrolling it.
Gotta keep those tunnels safe. Gotta keep those kids down there.
Very bad
ass
nuclear
weapons made from harvesting baby organs. Sick bastards.
Bill
clinton, Bill clinton and address. Did you see that? That was in his house. Why?
Why did he have that creepy guy?
Not a fan.
Yeah. You get a vote.
Are you voting for?
I respect your opinion. Trump.
I'm gonna
vote for trump. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
The
kids, the kids sniff and did it. I just can't do the, did you see the video or you're sniffing all the kids?
Um there's one, there's actually several videos where he goes and he sniffs him. And there's one where
no girls boys mostly girls. Uh there's one where he takes the little girl's hand and puts it on his dong.
there is.
No, no there it's Video evidence. And then there's one re pinches a little girl's boob. Um
There
it's it's on like they're all
on
camera.
Who?
That's what gets him off.
I think
that's
like his thing.
He
like he'll do it and then he'll look like did anybody see that? It's out of sketches me out trump's very bombastic but his policies are okay so I can't really, I can pass the terrible attitude.
allegation
or you know a lot of people do allegations because they have money so it's like can I get some money out of this? I highly that was 26 like if there are 26 people, I feel like at least one of them would get through the cracks. Yeah.
He didn't go to his island. Bill Clinton went to his island but he was a Epstein was a part of his uh mara Lago club and he kicked him out of his club because he was a creep. So uh yeah so
kind
Uh huh
Just getting shit on 24
7.
it
was stuck
for everything like he said he had a taco bowl that's disrespectful and Hispanics
take a bow is not a mexican dish. Thanks.
The news is so toxic on all fronts, all signs
like
yeah twitter I think it's 10% of the us population is on Twitter and 90% of the tweets come from 2% of that 10%. So a lot of people's opinions are shaped off of like 25% of the populations opinions.
to be able to dissect information on your own to make your own opinions.
I'm not on twitter either,
it's too toxic. Yeah.
What? I deleted my facebook and I felt so much better. Yeah like I just I don't know it's too many highly opinionated people and there's so much negativity that it's it makes me feel negative but I definitely took way more positive after deleting it.
Talk about the grand now.
No
my cousin from Ohio.
Yeah it's just deactivated. It's not deleting. I gotta instagram too but it's a little more tolerable I think. Just
pictures.
it's just like nice means
um Reddit is like a chinese owned propaganda michigan.
It used to be really really good. I was on red in like 2010 but like its own a lot by china so there's posts are bought and paid for to get up votes like votes are just paid for now and all the opinions are one sided. It's like an echo chamber. If you say the wrong thing, I'm banned from like all of the subreddit because I just have the wrong opinion. If you if you plus there's a subreddit R slash politics.
Who
if you post a positive story about like trump or anything, you just get banned because they have to keep the echo chamber safe. It's a
safe space.
Oh it's bad. Yeah.
Well
Yeah, I got it on Reddit is fun. We got a heart. He's got a hat this let's see what we got.
Front page.
Yeah. I like like the chunky nous pictures, it's pretty uh nope trump. Put up a billboard in Houston last week, we fixed it take trump to prison like it's just all like I don't know
it's
okay. I don't I love open discussions.
I've been called like white supremacists and racist. Like I have majorly just dated like black chicks. Like I'm the first
one
is from
white
supremacist.
No
like I'm bald and like like like maybe I might be.
What
were you saying?
I mean it's um it's illegal to force someone to show their tax returns by law. You can't force anyone to show their tax returns. It's like a federal law. But I mean I kind of understand like as as I'm not a businessman but I can understand how a business person wouldn't want their tax returns shown because it kind of shows their hand. If that makes
any
sense. Like you
don't want someone you don't want to show people how you use your deductions and stuff
to benefit your tax burden.
He would be audited. And I mean he's when you're when you're that rich, you're always being audited
by the
I.
R.
S.
They wanted to be.
Yeah. I mean apparently
yeah if you take advantage of the deduction, you're smart. Like I don't pay taxes because I take advantage of deductions
like mileage driving.
right, There's so many deductions, you don't have to pay taxes.
you might be if if you're required to use a vehicle to and from work, you could get I think the stride app and but I you have to like ask a account about that, okay,
You might be able to, it's like 54 cents per mile. So if you do 10,000 miles, that's like 5000 that you're not taxed on.
So I do like a certain amount of miles, say 25,000 miles, it's 12,500 and I'll have to pay taxes on. And then Standard deductions like 12,000, so it depends on how much you make. Yeah.
Uh Norfolk Virginia.
So uh it's on the coast by the water.
uh my brother lives in Chesapeake. It's like 10 minutes away
borders each other.
It's west again. It's uh it's like the safest neighborhood unfortunately
last week somebody got shot outside of my building.
So
yeah, there's a new dude moved in next. There's like, it's a condo building. So some other did moved in and the building attached and had a party. And actually uh that was the day my brother and I went to a trump rally in Newport News, which was, it was pretty electric. It's awesome. Everyone sponsored. But we got back and like There are these dudes later, like 20 dudes checking door handles to see if cars were unlocked. And Um this was at like 12:00 and then at two I was looking out the window because I heard screaming and there are people like fighting people in the car. They're like screaming in this car and I'm just looking out the window and I hear,
and I didn't see the shooting. It was like 200 ft to the right of the car. Um, but I was like, wow, that was definitely a gunshot. And then I just went back to bed. Um, and like the next day I saw that there was a shooting on the news
and it
was on
I don't know. The guy walked himself to the hospital, so I guess
he's
No, no. Yeah.
Um, Parts of the city I think it has a higher crime rate,
um, in the city, but my neighborhood is really nice most of time. The crime rate is higher. Um, I think just cities in general breed mental illness and violence. So I'm about to dip out of this city when I sell my place in. And uh, we've probably moved to north Carolina and just buy a house.
you're probably okay. I think this is like it said it was being archived, so they'll have the video, you practice message payer, pay the money and researchers.
27, So we're probably
actually, I think I joined uh too early. I joined it like two or 3 minutes earlier. I didn't read that part that said not to.
So, yeah, I don't, you know, I've ever seen,
don't
join
them.
Yeah, we're probably good. Whatever.
Yeah. Nice talking to
you.
I don't know how to, I didn't know how to exit out of it right later.