Hi. Good. Um how are you?
Pretty good. Um My name is Karen.
Nice to meet you.
Stop.
I'm not sure. I think, I think I read somewhere that we just have like a free flowing conversation. Let's say I'm going to go back to the other tab. Um Oh,
I guess we just have like a regular conversation just about whatever. Thank
you.
Oh, um let's see. Um
mhm I'm not sure
it's confusing um once the tab opens um
according.
All right, maybe we should just try.
Okay,
so
let's let's try to click the blue arrow. I think that's what we're supposed to do.
I just did wait, no, wait. We're supposed to I think that was supposed to because it says how is the technical quality of your video chat? Any problems, the audio, video or connectivity? Mhm. So
I think that's that's like supposed to, we're supposed to answer that like after we have a conversation.
I know,
I know. Um so actually I got sorry I was like a little bit late because I was confused of where I was supposed to go. So I got
here
I opened this up at 11.01. So let's just do Um 1126 just in case because it says like even if you're below 24 minutes we won't get paid. So.
Yeah. Are you on prolific? Okay. Yeah me too. Um
What's that
that
uh that'll do it. Yeah. They're really uh crack down on you. Like
I
my
the reason why I'm on prolific is because my friend did it and they like just recommended it and one time that's at their house and I tried to do a prolific survey and they're like two people with prolific or at your I. P. Address. You can't take this. Yeah. I was like wow. They're really on top of this shit.
wow. Yeah it really adds up. It's great. I just I do surveys like in my whenever I have spare time or like during class like I'm doing online classes right now and like if I just get forward I'll just go on for logic.
Um I do have a car.
Mhm.
Always
said
that's still at a minimum wage. That
that's why. And I
live
like
was
thinking about that too like doing like a delivery service job. Like I just like to put in my earphones and listen to a podcast or something or like music and just do whatever.
Yeah I live like on a college campus so probably I'd probably get a lot of requests.
Yeah I tried um have you heard of insta cart? Yeah.
I
hated it. I hated it so much. I did like one over this past summer. I did one or two deliveries and like each delivery, there's probably like 10 items or less. And I was just like taking so long because I had no idea where anything was in the grocery store.
Yeah, not worth it at all.
like
you don't have
to
like go looking for things like you're on a wild goose chased.
But like what times do people usually order?
Do you ever do like really late night stuff?
g
I used,
that's
great.
You
had
mortgage.
that's awesome.
So did
you
like grew up in California?
Well
you lived in Hawaii,
did you like it?
that's what
is
it
like,
rural? They're like what? Like I couldn't
even imagine what it was like.
while.
privately
owned by who?
Jeff
Epstein
movie?
Um you think he's definitely alive or is that
sarcasm? Really?
It's all too convenient. He definitely paid somebody off.
I never heard about the underground tunnels.
I saw this um like conspiracy clip and it was like um something isn't adding up here, like when you go into google earth like um or like yeah when you're going to google earth and you look at like Jeff Epstein's island from afar, you see this regular looking tennis court and then once you like do street view and you like zoom in a bunch, it looks more more of like a ritual like ceremonial, like weird like mound game. Mm
why?
there's probably like some kind of underground like looking, I don't even know like treasure or something or
something
more sinister than that. Maybe it's Jeff.
Absolutely never.
uh he's he has to hide all the portraits of of uh elite
men.
it's so wild.
I mean I don't know maybe that's just what Bill Clinton was into.
It's so crazy. Yeah. Uh Also not a fan but
am I gonna vote? Is that Yes? Oh yeah yeah.
Um Button what about you?
Oh so you're not voting
provided?
Yeah
the thing is
like
yeah I've seen that before. Um That what do you mean like sniffing all the kids
like the little boy?
No way not to be taken
out of context or something
like from
like he was like from the
but the thing is
you'd
think that if
if you did have like a thing for Children he wouldn't be like flaunting it on video if you.
No
I
don't know.
I don't
know.
Yeah, that's the thing that, well, I mean Trump also has like a bunch of sexual like 26 sexual assault I guess
in and he's also a man with lots of money that could be paying people. That could be
Um But what about what do you think about like trump like on Jeff? Epstein's like playing logs and stuff multiple multiple times?
good
call. Uh
I feel honestly like um I have a lot of sympathy for donald trump because he gets he's he's human being, you know,
24
7. Imagine like the toll on your mental health. Like he always like plays like, you know the macho like I can do anything like nothing can get me. But like any how they come on like if you're under
national
scrutiny like 24 7, that's gotta really hurt.
People, people who are making
People may get something out of anything. That's what I really don't like about the left. Um
No, I
I have completely unsubscribed from news sources, All of them, all of them.
It's insane. It's become so radicalized some. But
yeah, I'm actually not on twitter
seven.
media in general is toxic.
I am, I do have a facebook account, but I don't use it like ever because it's nobody uses it really. Like exactly
my own. Well, nobody that I'm like that would make it worth it for me to use it, you know, like I don't really care about like my mom's cousin's opinions,
you know, like that.
Yeah. Like I don't like, I don't have any use for it, so, but I do have an account for whatever reason, I guess.
instagram.
Yeah. It's not like this constant influx of people's opinions. It's
Yeah, I mean, I mostly go on. Probably. I mean, is ready even a social media,
You think so?
I've seen that before, but I don't I don't listen
to any of that shit.
You
know, it's such a coincidence that you say that today. I like, I just ended a class at um 10 45. Um And they were talking about like the echo chamber effect, like right, when we ended.
it's really bad. Um So like,
okay, so I'm scrolling through my reddit feed, it's like the news tab, There's like a news tab And that's that's really one sided, like 100%.
Okay. I have it.
You have been in list view coming.
Yeah. Wait, what about what do you think about not to keep bringing up politics? But I'm just curious
about your opinion.
Me too. Also I don't get I'm not going to get offended. I don't judge people on their political. I think it's not an indicator of your morals or like character,
that's the
thing.
That's the
thing. Like
I'm not gonna make it snap judgment. I don't know you at all like you could be but you're probably not just because you're a trump
supporter does not mean that. All right.
like maybe
you fit
the description I was going to say um like trump's tax thing. Like I don't know how he could talk his way out of it.
No,
that
strategies
well.
And like also if he really was doing something illegal, wouldn't he have?
Yeah, that's that's
what I
was
thinking
too. Like I think I think people are more like they're not concerned about whether he did something illegal but maybe it's just like the fact.
Well wow. Yeah but also the fact that like there are loopholes like that for like multi multimillionaire. Well he's a billionaire right? Mhm.
They're like
so like
oh because you do the beauty deliveries so like what other deductions can you, can I say like um
really like if I drive an hour to work so can I be like I drove you know 10 hours a week to work?
That yeah.
That's crazy
I don't wanna seem creepy but I was just curious what city you live in
Norfolk Virginia. I'm not like that. Up on the google map. Yeah
which like the chess api right
let's say north
Virginia. I'm so bad at knowing where things are. Oh, I see. Ooh, that looks like a really nice area. Yeah,
it's not rare.
We
are you serious?
you saw
Did was
there
like any intent like, did you?
so
he, he didn't die? Uh huh
um So is it like a, is it like usually like a violent area
and
North Carolina is nice. Um I'm actually kind of nervous. I was just thinking about it. Um so like I'm afraid that since I press the blue arrow, like do you think it's like I'll still be okay?
Um yeah, it's almost loving. So do you still have like the other tab open with the timer on it? What does the times a day?
No?
Oh it said not to go early.
Well, um
we
can
like, we can't wait like a,
so do we just exit out of this I guess? Yeah,
it
was nice seeing you need to