Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. True. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Low
what are you?
Yeah.
What angel? All right.
That's something. Has your morning been so far?
It's pretty horrible actually. I lost my internship so I'm just doing a bunch of online stuff.
Um I was doing a mechanical engineering internship. I was going to design brake parts for cars
cancel.
It's called brake parts incorporated. It's a near Chicago land area. So
Yeah. At first I mean mine was one of the first to get canceled so I was like oh no everybody else is going to have theirs and I'm not but I ended up working out. I mean well it didn't work out but pretty much been cancelled. So I mean if I pull up next year without an internship, hopefully I won't hurt the career search later on.
Oh you and I one
one in Havana.
sure.
You know my one of a few of my friends go there for nursing.
I mean um you mean about the community?
Yeah, that makes sense. I didn't see it as a commuter school though. I thought it was like, I mean honestly, I kind of wish I went there earlier on like last year. I was like thing I wish I didn't go to middle cornfield. You know, Chicago so much to offer a
culture.
So many museums and stuff.
Yeah. My girlfriend's doing a remote, she's doing a thing through you of I like are you? I see. And she's taking it at U. Of I. So yeah,
she's like in the nursing school of like you I see because you have urban pain doesn't have a nursing school, but it's like a remote program that she takes you by. Which is pretty cool. But yeah, it's like I can see from the administration like the email she gets the shit like when she was applying it was all over the place. It did not.
Yeah. That's not good. What what kind of stuff are you working on the computer science? You said I. T. But like what are you looking to go actually? How old are you?
for sure. I'm 20.
Do
you?
Certain
your
are you like a senior, your graduate student?
It's
Yeah,
definitely. Engineering isn't the goal for me. It's a good job to have, we'll try to figure that out, you know?
Um Honestly at this point I have no idea
what the goal honestly is to be a forest ranger. But uh
I gotta
make before I do that. So yeah
you
no
um honestly it just
takes a lot of knowledge
of the outdoors, a lot of experience outdoors and I'm not moving out too like Seattle or Denver, one of those cities um work college and after that I spent a lot of time outside and camping, like I'm like focused on trying to learn all the plants and animals and stuff. So if I just go to my view, I mean I imagine it's not to wear a simple process unless it's like a national park or something but even like a local park
because I don't see we have like complete wilderness and stuff the more and honestly if you're living as a forest ranger you don't need that much really anyway because they provide you with
a cat usually and stuff like that. So your life.
No, I don't know, it's just me and my friends, we always go out because I live kind of like a big for, it's just like a far suburb of Chicago and um you know just go camping, his kids and stuff and I just love it so much. There's a great time.
you are, you went hiking and stuff.
Chicago is not the best place
for a man.
I think we have like the leads accessible.
I read the least accessible nature out of like any
major city. I think it
yeah man it's
like freaking you about it. We like I don't have a car on campus because like there's just no reason to have ones. You can buy one but you're like not 1/4 it's just corn and like there's like a tiny little patch of like forest or you could go but it's just like there's like homeless people there so it's kind of it's not a great place to like camp or anything like that also up there because I
think you're what's the light coming through everybody out?
That's not good. Yeah, I gotta get a card for that. That's the goal.
you pretty much if you get a bike on campus that's all you really need for like getting around campus. I've been saying for like going off and you're not seven car so I could take a
year ago campus somewhere. But you know but it's a really bike. What how's the campus of us up?
That's
the
man I would expect to have more like being in a city.
Those are the words because you just like feel so You got like 10 minutes left mushing. Yeah.
Um So I was actually in Spain this semester. Um So
Online classes like I was already passed failed and so I was getting like 15% like I was trying to aim around
that go to like half. It's just you know the whole thing was I knew it was gonna be passed failed a
bunch of easy class or
took a bunch of hard classes like fast forward but I don't have to take it you by now so that was nice. Um And then so we got home from Spain and then like they transferred some of it on, this wasn't mandatory and none of that stuff. I haven't checked any of that out. I basically already passed their glasses,
his
opinion with like The Mouse. So I didn't really have to come here. That's really lucky. How are you?
Um No. Yeah so I was in Madrid, you just had a study abroad program. There was like a small catholic school I think uh just like a bunch of if I had to say like it's just suburbs kids
from Spain that went there pretty much.
They communicate every day from like the suburbs in um It was it was such a good time. I mean it was truly amazing. I want my girlfriend so it's just like worked out perfectly. Oh
yeah good time going around. I mean you really go we went to Morocco for a little bit. Um Which honestly was kind of strategy
I didn't expect. I mean it's Africa, North Africa that's a whole different places and I heard like good things from people and stuff but
we went um I think we just went in the places we should have went because I kind of went ourselves,
you know places mm
I don't think I do, I might know him but not blasting him honestly. You know, you know what school you went to?
Okay, I was at Kanye's, I don't know if that was a bell but
um no cameras are
me, this is the one thing, it's like their own, it's just a spanish virtually. But we have partnered with them and took some of their kids, it's kind of like an exchange, some of their kids and we
went over there.
yeah. Honestly made me kind of want to move through europe in the future. So
it's actually um public, like I was just just think about the same talk about public transit being like that. So we got the public transit dress
and I was able to go anywhere in Spain for free. And the public transit in Spain was insane. Like the metro's
around Madrid were just perfect. Oh Like say I had to get someone that walking 45 minutes, you can get there in like 10 minutes because
it's not like every morning
that connect them, they're super high speed um subs. And then uh they give you bus passes which I didn't, I used a buck or two times, but the buses were apparently good. I just used usually and then they give you
a commuter passes that take you out to like anywhere. So if I want to go hiking, I just jump on a train in like an hour. I was like in the mountains. It's truly like much more efficient than anything I've ever seen here
are either.
Yeah. I know honey.
Like I mean I knew that going in so I wasn't too surprised. But um like a lot of people like kind of upset because you like to sit down from you and you were there for like two hours like that.
But like if I wasn't with my girlfriend it would probably be pretty brutal. It was with like someone who like you said like let's go get something to eat and use it for like two hours with them like
that
kind of stuff. Uh huh. Yes. So they are, it's like also we went to a place called Granada which has become much more laid back town. It's beautiful. It's in the mountains, There's
like
a lot of hippies there. Like we actually found a random become being like people dug caves into the mountains like a store battled on the roof and shit was amazing. Some queen. Um anyway we went there and nothing was open. We were on like a Monday morning. We got up there, we're gonna go, you couldn't find one shop open until 12. Like no one was open in the morning. They just don't care this crazy. Yeah
it's a good way of life. And then they get like a huge break.
They break from like 123 50% of businesses get that time. It's like we know what? S siesta there just like a huge meal and drink a little beer and then go
back to work. It's pretty.
Yeah they had bad beer on tap in our school cafeteria. Yeah.
Yeah that's what they did. They just drink beer. It's crazy like you have to, you have to specifically ordered not beard and not get it with your meal because you guys single men Give you like 3/4 like $8. It's crazy cheap and it's like the food probably isn't that high quality but it tastes amazing. Um And it comes with a glass of beer
or like about, it comes with a pint
of beer or a glass of wine and like you just specify that you want long if you don't want to be it. It's
crazy. I can, all the teachers are in there like the students sitting at this table and they're just like hanging out is honestly pretty cool.
It was like a very light so spanish beer. Culture is weird. It's like it's not developed. He drinks like I mean it's not like there was like craft beers or anything like that like um
It's not like Germany living where they take a lot of pride in their brewing. There's really just like three macro breweries and people only three, but it's like if we only drink bud light and miller like that's it. So they're super sweet too,
They're like 4%
for like 4.2, pretty low. Um
and they serve them like ice cold, there's ice crystals on the top because it's just like really hot and speaking in the summer, so it's kind of more of a refreshment
drug and that's how they're able to drink it all day. People drink for breakfast, it's crazy. And they have a huge non alcoholic beer. See because you always see a pregnant lady like
drinking and you're and you're like you're like kind of concerned. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, non alcoholic beer actually kind of like it's kind of nice because sometimes you actually just don't
want
to get
buzz,
you just want to enjoy
it here you know? Yeah.
it's like you know obviously you don't get drunk off a B. Or anything like that. But I
personally do notice like you know just like a slight like just more relaxed and sometimes you don't want that it's like in the morning inside you don't want to just like get
like tired. Yeah
Dude yeah it's a beautiful place over there. It's crazy like
everything's
imperfect people don't give a shit though. That's the problem. That's why they're like that's why corona viruses remain isn't. And I'll tell you dude I was very and Madrid had 800 kids went out there and no one cared. Government didn't say anything about it. The news sources running
and talking about it. But I found
like an online think it was showing like the spread in Madrid people are spreading it around in Madrid. They're not getting it from other people and had 100 cases And like
no one anything. And I was like we gotta get out here. So I bought my tickets before the expensive the day that I woke up, they shut
everything down without anyone and like started finding people who are waiting outside to get a taxi, wasting a cop pulled, go inside. Like It was like it was just insane. It was 0-100 just instantly
crazy.
Yeah. Dude, I got lucky. So my friends like ended up getting it. They're like they got coronavirus and then like you didn't know yet and they're
trying to fly home and they're like swapping their growth positive, you have
to fuck
get out of here out of the airport and shit gets stuck
bit.
Yeah. So our program didn't say anything about it. Like the spain program, like we had a kid that had coronavirus like a week before we had them and they're just like, it's fine guys. We just, we like sterilize the place.
Our teacher was like who fucking cares later. Teachers, we win that has to watch movies.
She poured his shots like some apple cider drink they have and we'll probably shouldn't be like doing this right now. There's corona. She's like, she cares and she shook people's hands. Oh no they
don't.
I'm telling you like I'm nursing
like me walk their security at the airport didn't do anything. Like they didn't even look at my bags like I just walked through with my bag. And then on I went to uh the museums and they have security there just smoking a cigarette. Like they didn't even look at me and I just go through the military guys walked around it. Oh pretty crazy man. It's America is way more upright. And I mean it makes sense. I mean it's it's much more dangerous here, you know? So I mean I guess people
where they are because
Yeah. The only time I got like actual security was when I was coming back from Morocco on
the ferry was only actually checked into my stuff.
Well
a lot of times
a lot of people smoked hatched from smuggle hash from Morocco. Um
Like so it's like it's like the way that most marijuana gets into spain as people smuggle like Sheesh, like um concentrate, they bring them from Morocco, like in massive quantities so they actually carried there because it's like it's legal and pain is decriminalized so you can get caught with and stuff like that
and they won't
care but it's like you're not looking public and you're obviously not allowed to be a dealer. So
that's like the they just
they get you if you like a dealer so if you bring back a lot they
have to catch.
No
because I don't know if I want to say is but there's a
so there's a study on the hash in spain that I found um and uh it has like
pooping and like
almost all of it has proven it because the way that they struggle it, you know let's leave it. Mhm. Yeah
you you walk around dude and they're just like they're just people on the street like yeah it's just like they don't give a fuck but you do not want to buy that.
I I got trying to sell me crack one but I didn't, I mean honestly I just
didn't hang around dealers or anything like that so I didn't really notice. But I'm sure they like stuff all I saw like sold just openly was hash and marijuana just like the bud. Oh
yeah and it's like smoking everywhere because
everybody wolves up there and cigarettes so
like you can really tell the difference between the joint and cigarettes. So people like everybody is smoking cigarettes everywhere you go, there's just like the streets are filled with people who smoking cigs so someone just smoking weed, no one's gonna know everywhere you go, smells like weed pretty much like younger areas. Um And the cops honestly don't care nothing because
there's just so many people it's not worth it.
I don't think so. I think they just decriminalize weed. I'm not sure about other stuff though. You
know. Portugal just stop and Portugal did cool approach, they just completely criminalized everything and then instead
of like making it like recreational that kind of opened up like rehab centers for a lot of the bad drugs,
all the opioids and stuff. They opened up rehab
centers that were free to go to because they actually had a pretty bag had opened the problem in Portugal for a while.
I
don't know.
jesus
crazy. Yeah. I mean it would make you not want to do it, you just feel like ashamed
of yourself, you'd be going into kind of like a clinical area like yeah that would help in a way. And I think it works to like, I don't know the exact studies but like I've heard that it does have a positive thing at least in Portugal I heard this positive and I was working.
Yeah, it's way more progressive in europe, but it's like, it's harder to say that we can do the things that they do because it's just so different. I mean honestly like I think we should do a lot of like certain things that they do, but it's like difficult like even whatever. But I mean
the fact that we have not federally
legalized is very strange.
It's like statewide legal, like anyone Illinois, so it's like, you can't, but if you strip it from
Illinois to colorado, you can get a family just like, that's our system right now is strange.
Yeah, I mean it's like legal week Illinois, no one's even buying it because it's so expensive.
That's absurd. I was talking to my uncle, he smokes for me and he's just like, it's just like why would I ever buy that? You have like one price for the same boy anywhere else? Yeah.
When was like last week or summer
heck you think by now we have our like supply chains right?
it's definitely
that that makes sense because I can see that. Yeah.
Yeah man, we're not doing it right here. I think Colorado is
the best example in Washington. Did
hammer.
I I imagine it is, I just don't really know how it is there.
Damn dude, that's so silly. I
mean what's michigan's like? Cause there's like ours there.
true.
them. Mhm. So
we've got, I think we've got one minute left, do you know when you came in? Was a 1202? Okay.
Yeah, this actually I was not looking forward, it was a good time
kevin. Oh shit,
what about you?
What?
Um
Did you ask? That's funny.
Patrick for sure.
for sure man. Do you know
it's like be like
email or like that?
And why not?
What? You know?
Yeah. Yeah.
21.
Okay. All right. For sure.
I don't know. I think we ended but like lose that $15 in case
it.
sure man. U around