yeah. I just don't have much like tom, can you see me? Okay.
Is that an antenna switch?
I got a got a bunch of Nintendo switch games as well here. Okay. Although I will say I didn't enjoy it and I didn't enjoy animal crossing as much as I thought I would, I played probably for about an hour and then I stopped.
That's really impressive. I
thought I was going to love it more than I did actually, but then it ended up being like, yeah,
license. Well, I got a gamer, so that's awesome. Uh just an F. Y. I'm going to start a timer over here uh for that record. Oh, so I got on a separate screen, I'll just let you know once we hit it. Is this the, how many times have you done the prolific chat before?
that's
fun.
well, this is my third time and every time somebody showed up and interestingly enough, every time I've been partnered with a female, so
I don't know if that's like a I
think
they
set it
off
our
but it was more like the timeframes, I don't know if there's just more females applying. Uh
but yeah,
I haven't seen any and we're able to do up to four of these before, we're no longer able to do them, so I figured why not? Yeah,
so you play Overwatch? I don't play Overwatch, but I play I played Legal Legends and I play
Heart Stone at this at this moment.
So why Overwatch? Right,
I've heard of her.
Well,
that's
that's really impressive. So you're you're
on the spectrum? Okay. I wonder if any of that information is kept on their end to, because I think that's an interesting think for them to have in the uh in the study.
Mhm. Yeah, I don't think they asked that question though. Uh
in terms
of
what if we are on the spectrum or not but so you actually play basically started over watch because you you thought the character laura was pretty interesting.
That is impressive. I being a gamer that never really sticks anything in particular and jumping around that's dedication right there. Mhm.
you're you're fine. I got to myself and it's barely hanging on up there, it's luckily to be just standing still right now but no worries
right now ironically I barely playing the video games, I used to be one of these kids that would get up in the morning and like ah to
a two a.m. Three A. M. And sneak sneak to my monitor and covered with a blanket or or the T. V. And then you know play this was like playstation one and stuff back then
you know and I would stay up and then school would be, We've been getting ready to school and I've been up since like two or 3 but nowadays I have not probably played more than maybe An hour or two per week which is pretty low. I've been trying to slowly go through my huge backlog of Nintendo switch games. That's the only thing I will play now is antennas, which I actually love that thing, it's so um fun to do multi player on there but it's mainly just something that can pick up and go and do whatever. But yeah both my siblings got animal crossing and they probably each put several 100 hours under
their copies
and they
they
stole they sold me on it and I was like sweet let's go, let's have a you know let's make an island or whatever. I got into it for a few hours and I'm like ok, I can't play with you guys so and that's interesting because I like started value and I thought it was gonna be similar to like start to Valley, but it turned
it
up.
No, we have we each have our own I have a regular switch, they both have switched lights and we we play on our own console.
way.
So you have a regular anna light?
that's impressive. I think I like the Winter Island better if
I were
to
start again, wow, now that's a really impressive reason to actually get another switch.
Well I thought about getting a PS 4 to play um Final Fantasy Seven because that was my RPGS is my thing growing up
and I
still
I
still
want
to beat
one.
Mhm. So what's what is your genre then, because I'm seeing an animal crossing and I'm seeing Overwatch and they're like
different
genres.
And you're doing the the Overwatch the same thing with Overwatch, because I think you mentioned a friend with a discord server earlier.
I play that with my nephews and nieces, but that's basically about it, I don't worry, I don't
really care too much for Minecraft, but I see why people love it so much, it's definitely very fun for the kids, so yeah, that's that's impressive. I mean, getting another switch just for
Animal crossing,
you're getting your money's worth I guess, because if you if you dump 600 hours into it, that's funny.
that's one of those things too, so you guys prefer physical cards, which was over the ah a digital.
Yeah. Yeah, I think I like uh digital better, I just like having everything going to go. But I for the ones that I kind of beat once and never play again, I get the physical or started. Yeah, the physical version. So what else do you play on on the switch other than
animal crossing or is that pretty much it?
that was popular?
Yeah, I was thinking about getting that. But that's interesting that you said walmart over $40 because everywhere I looked was like the FDS and I'm like uh
I don't know if I want
to
spend
50 for this shit.
Yeah. Then it didn't look like I don't play multi player enough to warrant me anything like that. But I guess if I did.
So aside from over watching you play anything else on it? On the pc, I'm assuming. Right.
Well, so you have a separate pc that plugs into your your same monitors?
All right, very nice. Uh huh. So why, why do you guys have three monitors, May I ask?
That's very true.
Pope.
Yeah, by the way, real quick. Here, do you know about the the add on for chrome? It's prolific. Existent assistant.
I
just want to check because
that
makes things
easier.
Yeah, it's kind of annoying sometimes, But when?
Yeah, I saw that. Because how long have you been doing prolific?
Okay. Yeah, you're doing that way longer than I have because I've done it since june and since I've started, because when I started I was looking at all these posts saying there's barely any studies on prolific and since I started, it's like there's a bazillion studies every
single day, and some days I'm like, I don't want to do any of this stuff, so forget about it.
Yeah. And with prolific, I like that everything that they send you kind of applies to you as opposed to like mturk sometimes it's like you get through some other stuff and it's like, oh, sorry, you don't qualify and there goes some of your time and it just seems to me like that's the, a lot of the studies on prolific I actually care about because some of them are like, oh, that's really interesting. I never, you know, seeing something like this or I never thought about it in this way. Um even like this, the study, that one right now, the last two conversations I've had were actually pretty great because I'm like, oh, this is someone that's across the country and they got some really interesting perspectives and stuff that they want that they want to talk about
or say. And it's just kind of really cool to get to know people during the pandemic. So I'm like whatever, you know, I'm getting paid to have a conversation that I probably would have a conversation with someone like this anyways for free. So uh do you know about some of either some of the other sites? Because I've been
doing
like Nevo and validate
lee and
user
testing and click worker and all that stuff.
I've only did it uh start investing lately, I have a full time job, but for this stuff I like doing it on the weekends because all the money that I make from this, I just put into my investments and so far, I mean since june I have a spreadsheet actually keep track of how much I probably got paid $394 since June.
Yeah. And I mean
prolific,
prolific makes a Is a lot of it is I made 114 a prolific but the amount of time I put into that was probably a lot more. The one that paid me. The Mosul's actually validate lee Which I made 120 of uh Doing basically two hours of work because
the for
Yeah the first the first one they interviewed me for 60 minutes about about a website that I was just walking through and giving them my feedback and they paid me 70 bucks for that. And then
the
Yeah the other one was like 30 minutes of an interview and then they paid me $40 for that.
Yeah it's hard to,
it's hard to qualify for some of those and you have to get the screener. But for the interviews they have you scheduled unemployment kind of like this but it's with like a proctor and they walk you through some of their apps and websites and ask you questions like if you were to look for the earnings report or whatever where would you click, where would you go?
Like
I've heard
of that
user testing is kind of like that. It's $10 each but validate lee by far it's probably third or fourth of what I made and I made that in like two hours. So that was a pretty good deal. I'm a big, I'm still a big fan of prolific though just because everything is um how it's laid out and to be honest, if that was the only thing that I could do, I just do prolific all the time. Another one that you might be interested in is Nevo and E. V. O. It's
its task base. So there's a lot of stuff that's like You for example, there's one thing had me record messages or read a prompt. So like uh let's say they wanted you to read this prompt, but in an angry voice, So you
just press record, read it and then stop and then it's like seven cents per. But you can do like, I don't remember how 600 I did like 600 of those. So
yeah, it kind
of
added
up.
The nice thing about nevel is that you can just kind of do it continuously and you can do like thousands of these tests continuously without stopping. So something about but yeah, so that's that's my reason is I dump all this stuff into my investment account, let it grow.
It's actually, I don't know do you have you thought about investing? You do you have
you
invested
before?
Yeah, I get it, I I used to have a major amount of debt and slowly
work through paying off most of that and now I'm actually finally at a place where I can start investing and it's been great, But yeah the market returns 10% every year on average, so it's actually a pretty good deal wants to do it. So your parents didn't uh the day? Mhm. Did they encourage you to do it? Or did they find
a lot of success
with that,
It is and mutual fund by and of course it's pretty high, there are several thousands, but yeah, that's the way they go, your dad's got left formula down.
oh that's fine. Uh So this thing has about, we got about 56 minutes left as
my time,
isn't it?
Um Not necessarily, I I know the last person I talked to, I just, and I don't mind saying I'm in, I'm from Minnesota, Well, I live in Minnesota now, but I'm actually originally from Vietnam. We, we came here when I was nine.
New Hampshire
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh how what's the, what's the weather like that right now, down there?
Okay, that's wonderful.
I just don't really like how humid it is down in florida.
Well, I was really dumb because we went down to florida a few years ago, smack in the middle of summer for, you know, the, the, the usual Disneyland sort of thing. And I read I was doing a lot of jogging and running back then, so I would, I went outside At like 11:30 AM and started jogging
And yeah, I didn't, I didn't, I was like, whatever I can handle this. And within like 20 minutes I was literally, it was getting a little far away from the house we were renting and I was like, oh my God, I don't know if I can make it back
in time,
I'm
like, it's like draining my energy right now being outside. So
and I was like, jeez, that's so different. And because I've never had that problem up here in Minnesota, it's always cool enough mostly to not have to deal with that. So that's a surprise new Hampshire though to florida. I never really uh, here too much about the East Coast. So that's kind of interesting place. How is new Hampshire
or how was new Hampshire?
impressive. So your parents up there?
When did you guys move down to florida?
You did a year earlier? That's impressive. Because I think a lot of myself included many people I know did a year late.
Very nice. Yeah, we We came here in the winter of 95 and that was
the first time ever saw snow. So of course I ran outside and try to play in it without any gloves or
boots
or
that's exactly what happened. And my grandmother was trying to stop me from running out there and then I came back in and I'm all like red and all this crap and it's starting to hurt. And I'm like, okay, that's
that's not something
I don't even know the words.
No, actually I knew I knew three words. I knew Apple boy and girl or yeah Boy Girl, Boy, Girl on Flag was the three words. So everything else was a very interesting transition.
Yeah, it was, it was kind of weird because back home our doors would be open all the time and you like, just in the morning your parents will let you and you just run with all these other kids and you play with them the whole day and then you come back at night, you know somehow and I remember them standing to me, to my dentist one time and had me walk to the dentist to get like one of my teeth
pulled or something and
then walk
back through this major road just by myself. This is probably like seven or eight years old. Yeah. And I was just like, what the hell happened? You know? And then we come over here and everybody's like doors are closed and don't talk to their super careful now they're like,
don't talk to strangers.
Yeah. If a man comes up to you with some candy, don't follow them. You know all this stuff
and I'm like, are you
serious?
You made me walk across a freaking street by myself to go to the dentist and all this shit happened and then
come
Yeah. So I don't know what the deal is. They got super protective since they got here.
Yeah. I think the weather down there is very similar to our weather back home because
it was
it was very hot and he went back back home. So ah So we did reach our 25 minutes here and congratulations you've when it's your first one of these officially?
There
you go.
Yeah, hopefully you get a few more. So I just got one more if it ends up continuing. So uh okay. Thanks for the conversation. Just had, it was cool being able to talk video game. The last I think the last two people I wasn't really able to talk about that got a bunch of board games back here too, so like this
uh Oh yeah, I got a huge collection of it, so uh Anyways, thanks for telling me a little bit about yourself. It's quite interesting and it
good
conversation,
so have
rest.
Yeah, I have a good rest of your day and
I wish you luck and everything going forward.