Oh hey, see if this works. Oh yeah, I can hear you now.
I can see you good over the years. Oh, jesus.
Well. Oh yeah it's and I will cross it enough right?
Oh really? I have like 600 hours
here.
Yeah. I don't really play a lot of like regular games, like I play Overwatch but that's about it. So
I did it once before and then the other person never showed up so I haven't
actually
talked to anybody before yet. So
who?
like
I don't
remember,
did
they
ask that they asked that sort of stuff when you signed up? Right? I think so.
Maybe
you know.
Yeah.
Okay. I am.
Yeah my boyfriend plays well. Um And I also do somebody who played lol too but not really, never really got into those games.
Um I started playing for the stupidest reason because I knew of one character, I don't know if you know who symmetric A. Is,
well she's cannon autistic and autistic, so I was like I should go try this game right? You know and I had a friend who was you know playing it and we have a discord server that were both in so she's like come play, you know,
So
I don't want to spend $25 on a game. What is this, you know?
Well
yeah it would be interesting to know how many other people. Yeah.
No
I don't
think.
Yeah, I've been assuming the whole time, I've never switched. I mean I play other characters sometimes but she's always stick with.
I promise you I I'm not actually like not making contact, it's because my I have three monitors and it's the web camp is not sticking to the print lin. Okay. Maybe it'll work. Who knows?
So what do you do with your time?
Yeah.
Oh God. Yeah, I remember.
it's
so if it's your thing it becomes a total addiction.
You're like oh I want to go do this and this,
you know?
Now
did
you have your own copy of the game or were you playing on their islands?
this is very sad but I have one of each and I bought the light to have a second island. Yeah,
it's that bad.
Yeah, we've had the regular for a couple of years because this is like the clunky old ass one that only has like three hours about real life outside of the dock. So I mean it's my main island, it's where I spent most of my hours but I really wanted a southern atmosphere one because you can do either or So. Now I have the Winter island of the Stopper island.
it's
kind
of
Yeah it's kind of sad.
No.
I
don't I don't
I
don't
think I've
ever
played one. I don't I feel like I need to go pick one up and playing so I don't think I've ever played an RPG before.
I
mean
it's more like I just play what my friends are playing. I don't really have any games that I like really play on my own because I do a lot of um with Animal crossing this lot alone time for sure. Like it is kind of mostly single player but I'm on a couple of discord servers for it. So we always fly to each other's islands and people give stuff away and all that stuff. So yeah so for me it's more like if my friends are doing it then I'm just gonna pick up and be like all right, I'll play with you, we'll see if you like it.
Yeah. Yeah that was the first one that I did because basically when Lockdown started um a couple of years before all of this is when I started playing Overwatch. But then when Lockdown started a few months ago I was with them like every day I was like guys you know they're like we're off. Do you think this play games? So it was like that and Minecraft and the Animal Crossing, you know I didn't really stick with Minecraft. It wasn't my thing. Yeah.
What?
I know.
Well
I mean the real primary reason was because I got my boyfriend Luigi's mansion on the regular switch and it wasn't a physical card because I couldn't find when it was sold out everywhere. So had to download it on there. So I was like, you're gonna be playing this all the time now, I'm gonna need to get my own so I can still play my switch. Yeah.
I'm either or with animal crossing. It worked out since the game data is on the switch, not the cart. So, you know, the car just has the assets and stuff, but the actual save goes on your switch. That's, you know, I can still have two islands, only one copy of the game. So if I downloaded it had to do it twice, but I don't really don't usually carry the way.
I mean
that's pretty much it. I bought that clubhouse games thing, So.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I didn't think it's gonna be worth it, but like Walmart had the physical copy there and they always felt like $10 cheaper. So I was like fuck it it's only $40, you know, might as well and it actually is pretty fun. I don't do multiplayer with it and I don't really do online with it either. Um But I will go on it every once in a while, you play the little games.
Yeah
that's
like
the
that's like the trade off, it's like It's always $10 cheaper at Walmart but it's only for the physical card, so if you wanted a digital you can get a faithful price.
I
not really no, I mean I barely use my desktop for that. I work from home now so I kind of have my other work desktop that I have the same monitors plugged into so that's like I spent so much damn time at this desk you know that I'm like I don't really feel like spending much more time about it once that's done.
Yeah, they, I wasn't supposed to work from home because I'm like hourly, but I work in an office was like, guys, I don't want to go back, you know, it's, this is dangerous, I don't want to do it. So they're like fine. So I took the whole box, you know, the whole desktop thing out of the office and you're like, just use your monitor, that's fine. So
um I had to at work and once you go to, you can't go back to one.
And so I was doing gaming in the middle when we weren't working, I was doing like gaming in the middle. And then um like I always keep prolific up on one window, so I was doing prolific on the left window and discord on the right window, on the right auditor. So
I was doing mturk to for a while too. So
yeah, I have a I have
it.
I'm
always
getting a,
it's always like new studies available for you to
yeah, at least you catch him moses used to be a lot less like studies coming out. I was really rare to find something. But then I feel like since everybody's home, you know, like people are doing things remotely, they have to recruit, you know, there's prolific and I'm jerking stuff since they're not able to bring people into and others like studies of the ass. It's ridiculous.
Probably about a year and a half.
It's been,
Yeah. I used to be super sparse because I feel like not as many people were using prolific but now they are. Which is cool. I like it because with mturk there's a lot of like total bullshit work where it's like find this thing on this receipt and you know, we should be paying somebody minimum wage to do this, we're gonna pay you one set, you know? But with this one is more like closer to minimum wage I guess. I mean obviously you're not there's not enough coming through to do something for eight hours straight, but you know it's something.
That's right.
you
do
trump
for
that.
I did try click worker, I haven't tried it and the other ones um I have never done like full time doing this stuff, so it's not like I have like a billion things that I've been doing. But yeah, I'm mostly just mturk and prolific.
Yeah, I mean if you if you put if you put as much, you know, like a couple of weekend days into it and you actually do like not a full three at eight hours, but you just keep your eyes peeled for stuff while you're doing whatever you're doing.
That
sounds about right.
valid
basically.
pull
a chair up.
I gotta get in. I I just looked that one up on the
like
I've actually done a few of those, they don't pay as much I do. It's called intel assume I've done them and they have a lot of them that are like that, but they're like
$5, you know, but you're poking
through
of things.
See
It's
a lot of stuff on them jerks like that too,
but
it's
harder to
find the good stuff.
Nice. It's a good idea. Should do that.
Well, we're
broke
as fuck.
So someday my parents did a lot of it. Um, so yeah, no, eventually, uh, if things start looking at my boyfriend's a nurse so things are definitely looking up for him now, a lot of hazard pay out there for them. But maybe at that point if things get, if we get a little more secure, then I would think about it. Yeah.
Thank
And
they just
kind of did it themselves now. I mean they weren't like rich or anything, but my dad would always scroll stuff away the mutual funds and stuff. So at least give it gave him like a nice amount for like retirement and you know, so I mean, it's a, it's a decent decent deal if you can afford it so
How much time have we spent on this? My timers off because I was sitting there for like five minutes before I came?
wonder
how much,
I wonder they didn't say anything about like don't say where you're from or anything, did they?
Yeah, that's it. Well I'm originally from new Hampshire so
I feel you on the snow and the cold and all that stuff so then I was like fuck this shit and moved to florida, yep, we're in the middle of the craziness right now.
Like in the 90s and raining every day,
yep, it's it's just fantastic.
it's, we don't really go outside even before the pandemic, nobody goes outside. You like sit inside the air conditioning all day and it's great.
Oops.
Yeah it's
it's
bad
you need like an ivy of gatorade or something to make it back. Yeah.
Cole
coal and like I got a lot of people think of new Hampshire's like once a rich people because there's a lot of places that are like that up there. I come from like the farm town area, so it was like, it wasn't ghetto, but it was really like farm kids, but also like stupid kids and like there's a lot of crap, you know, it's just not the greatest place in the world. So I mean like the two career options people had, we're getting pregnant and going into the military. So anything other than that was like, all right, I'm going about, you know? Fuck this shit.
Yeah, they're all still up there. I mean it's, you know, it is what it is there. If you have a job, it's pretty chill. So
I moved in 2013 to go to college. And so I went to college and then I graduated in 2016. I did it a year early. And then I then I was like, all right, I'm gonna be here full time. I was going back, you know, for the vacations and stuff, but then I was like, no, I'm not going back anymore, I'm going to be here full time. Mhm.
Yeah, I mean, I was lucky because I had a couple of transfer credits, so some of the gen ed's like I knocked out of the way already um from like high school classes that were dual enrollment with the community college. So um and I mean, it wasn't a hard school. I went to like a liberal arts school full of like rich kids that, you know, sailed their way through the 2.5, you know it's that kind of thing. So it wasn't like a hard thing to do. So if you don't have a social life you can just take on 1/5 A 5th class every semester and be done with it. So
no
you're
like
frostbite.
Gonna
get
up,
Yeah, yeah, especially you said you were nine or something. Yeah, it must have been difficult then.
Change
jimmy
cases,
Stranger
danger.
Don't
get
in the van. Yeah. Yeah.
that's like
unheard about here. Yeah.
believe it or not actually here in Orlando, there's a really big Vietnamese community, so there's actually a spot closer to downtown like they literally call it little Saigon and so I've been to a few places up there but yeah, it's like we don't actually have like a lot of the other asian countries like out in California, they have a huge chinese population but we actually have a bunch of Vietnamese out here which is interesting.
That
was Israel. Yeah.
Let's
fingers
crossed. 2nd, get three more in there before the they shut it down.
Oh yeah, I gotta get on that.
it's been
chill
figure
good luck
with your last lydia.
You too.
Hey, thanks, you too, bye.