SPEAKER_L: wow. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. No, nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah impressive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the side. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: How's it going? Great.
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Right now I live in California.
SPEAKER_L: How's that going on?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I really like California, I don't think I want to move out of this state anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: I was in Los Angeles for like four weeks in November. The weather was just ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we're pretty spoiled here.
SPEAKER_L: Are you originally from Los Angeles?
SPEAKER_R: No, no. Oh yeah I guess you could say that right now. I'm living in san Diego.
SPEAKER_L: She was really nice to deep balls.
SPEAKER_R: Where are you from? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Atlanta.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. one sec. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Okay. Where'd you say you're from?
SPEAKER_L: Helena?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. So what is it like 12 PM over there?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Well over here.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, not bad, not bad. Um Oh you're so you're states reopening isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: it's already pretty much reopened. Everything is mostly open right now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you do you feel unsafe about that or you're like I'm glad it's open.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm That's a tough question. Um I feel like eventually things have to open up um Georgia is a very conservative so people don't want the unemployment checks. They don't want government handouts quote unquote of people are like just let me work for it. I don't want to cover tell me what to do. It's very red neck in that way like so people here don't want like universal health care. You know, they're very like conservative fiscally. So people are trying to get out there trying to work, but we'll see what happens. I mean, I'm still wearing my mask everywhere. I'm like barely leaving the house um, killing him. Cool
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: house. Um how are things in san Diego? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I could still things are still pretty closed up. Um I don't I don't know about san Diego because but I know in Los Angeles they're planning on not not only reopening this friday but they're going to reopen stores like bookstores, clothing stores but only for like curbside pickup, so they're not they're not exactly planning on reopening anytime soon. Um Yeah man if I had to guess I would I would say the lockdown measures will probably go through, I would say through the end of june I mean but I don't know, I just see on the news, social media more and more, you know and whether it be here or another state, people are just striking about the stay at home orders. So I feel like no matter how long they extend the measures, people are just going to keep keep on, keep on forcing the issue.
SPEAKER_L: it makes sense. I saw this one video of this guy who was striking and he was being interviewed and he was consciously yelling go off on me. I don't care. I'm corona proof just come up like a dozen people nearby
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: just like walked up to him and coughed in his face. I was like, oh, this guy is definitely going to get it
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: this sport.
SPEAKER_R: so dumb and funny.
SPEAKER_L: You, It's so funny. Like I have a convenience store nearby where I go to pick up snacks and sometimes people like cigarettes or joe Potts and since I stopped by and my dude, he will show me a video about how India just opened up all the liquor stores for the first time. And he showed me this video of like miles of people waiting in line to buy alcohol and people's tolerances are so low in India right now, everyone's just getting shit faced. This one. I drove a car into a fucking building. Yeah. It's crazy out there. Not just in the States, but yeah, people in India just don't care about social distancing right now. So there's a lot of funny stuff going on.
SPEAKER_R: I I read a story about liquor being like a precious commodity in India for whatever reason, I mean I didn't look into the story, but I just thought that was super interesting. So that that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. What are, what are your whole thoughts with the whole stay at home orders?
SPEAKER_R: On borders,
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: stay
SPEAKER_L: step
SPEAKER_R: at home
SPEAKER_L: orders?
SPEAKER_R: like it's it's really necessary. I mean, even if you don't have the symptoms, um, you could still pass it along, you might, you might get it and not even know you have it because you might get like super mild case of it. I mean, uh, honestly, in the United States, where the measures we've taken to reduce it aren't even as strict as the measures taken in other countries. So it's a bit ironic to me that people feel that some people feel like so suppressed and that we're going overboard with the lockdown measures because it's been pretty light here compared to other nations. And despite the death rate in the US being way higher than other countries, we still feel like we're taking. You know, people still feel the lockdown measures are going too far, but I mean it is what it is at the end of the day, everyone is just got to kind of look out for themselves. So that's kind of the approach I'm taking to it now. I'm like I have my opinions on the lockdown and I just have to take care of myself, you know, my family and just do what's best for me because obviously you can depend on everyone else doing the same thing as yourself. So you just got to kind of look up at this point.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. I think that's a pretty mature way to take a look at it. Um It is crazy though, it's just crazy what's going on, like there's no other way to put it, like people are getting laid off and it's just like a to start to see what's going on outside, so but what have you been doing to like pass it on?
SPEAKER_R: Um To be honest, like none of my my life really has not been affected whatsoever by the coronavirus because for the past two or three years or so I've been doing Um 100% of my income has come from gig work, like lift uber through delivery Rich in devising 100% of the work I do is um you know the type of jobs where you go online, I'll find whenever you want work as much as you want, as little as you want. So even as um orders were put in place to help stop the spread of coronavirus, like people still need lifts, people still need food delivered to them. So work has been almost um so my work has been almost completely unaffected by coronavirus and you know, in terms of social distancing, I mean I still go to the grocery store if I need to go, I still go visit friends and family. I mean we're not, you know, throwing huge parties or anything, but like I want to go to a friend's house or family's house, I'll do that. Um Honestly, the only thing I can think of that that's uh personally affected me as like gyms are closed. I mean that's understandable. So you know, I've just had to learn to work out at home, which has been fun. But yeah, to be completely honest, like the whole situation hasn't affected me whatsoever. But um recently, um I've been looking at new jobs, not not because of coronavirus, just because I wanted something new. So I'm actually gonna be working for some company called little sleepy's like the next couple of days and I'm really excited for it. Um You know, just to kill some time, I'll just go over it really quick. Like a little sleepy is is just a company that makes pajamas for babies. And if I had to summarize my role with the company in one phrase, it would be customer support specialist. So I'd be um handling customer questions, complaints, exchanges anything related to that via chat and email. I'd be handling communications between employees of Little Sleepy's on my laptop. But what's got me the most excited about this position is that one. Um They're teaching me about Shopify warehouse, software systems, help this software systems all which is really interesting to me because eventually would like to open my own Shopify store, you know, develop a stream of passive income. But The best part about the position is that it's 100% remote. So I can anywhere I have a laptop, I can do this job. So I'm like that. It's so freaking awesome. I've wanted to work like that for so long.
SPEAKER_L: that is pretty sick um don't you feel like you'll get a little lonely by just working remotely all the time like you, I guess right now you don't really have coworkers either because you're kind of like working by yourself
SPEAKER_R: Very true. Yeah. So like
SPEAKER_L: ST
SPEAKER_R: um I honestly wouldn't feel lonely. I mean I would still be interacting with the employees of Little Sleepy's but I like to work independently and like you said, that's how I've been working for the past three years. But let me tell you. So like you would think it's only so like the three years before I was doing independent contractor type work I was working on at the university of California san Diego as a cook and you know it's like you know just like with regular job you see the same almost the same employees every day. Um you know some of these employees of your buddies, some of them are just coworkers, yada yada, but once I quit that and started doing lift all time man, I so like I can't even tell you just just how fun it was overall. Like even if you're not seeing the same people every day, I preferred that I will see. And then I would have with my regular job like I was saying hundreds of new faces every month learning all these new stories and like, I mean, don't get me wrong, you'd have your bad days where some people, you'd be driving them, you're like, I just want this right to be over. But like, 80, of the time, it was so fun just meeting all these new people because I'm sure it's different driving in every city, but san Diego is like a tourist town. So I would say at least 70% of the people I drove weren't even from San Diego. So I was always learning something new and you know, every now and then you'd get that one drive that turned into an adventure, You'd end up just hanging out with the person the whole day, so do an independent contractor type work was like, it was, it was lonely in the sense that you didn't form consistent relationship with people, but to me it was more exciting overall.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty sick, like what do you mean that you would end up spending the entire day with someone, like I don't even think that was something people did,
SPEAKER_R: You're like um every now and then I'd be driving people that were my age. And um we have a great conversation in the car and they'd be like, hey what are you doing? Like you want to go hang out with us? And I'd be like, yeah, sure like, and because it's because of the type of work it is, you know, I don't have to be like a boss, can I go, I just go offline? That's it. I just go hang out with them like and only only a few times have I made lasting relationships with the people. Like for the most part we just hang out and that's probably the last out here of them, but it's still be fun overall and you know, I'd get a big tip and I'd be like, oh that's turned into a really nice day.
SPEAKER_L: that is pretty sick, you know, maybe I should do that next time I'm traveling. I don't really travel by myself that much. But if I do, if I feel like the Uber driver is like pretty dope. Like maybe I could just ask them to hang out, how could show me around or something.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean, I mean it's risky like, understandably so, but like if you trust the person, they're vibe, whatever, then it turned into a great day, like uh probably one of the funnest times I had, I was driving some students from UCSD and so having like a four of them and
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: you know, one thing led to another eventually, I just ended up there like, hey, do you want to come to this party with us tonight instead of just dropping, dropping us off? I was like yeah, sure why not? So I ended up just having a really great night. So there's always examples like that with ride share and like I guess if I had to stay just one more thing about roger um at my peak Um I was making like about six grand a month with weekends off, so it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was, it's a really, really sweet gig.
SPEAKER_L: That is actually pretty sick. Like how many hours were you driving on average like a day?
SPEAKER_R: 10 to 12.
SPEAKER_L: That's still sick. six grand a month.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was like, I don't even mind working like that many hours because it's not like you're burning a lot of energy, you're kind of just sitting and driving. Yeah. You and like, And you know if some days would be busy the whole days, but other days there'd be gaps in the day, like 20 minute gaps, 30 minute gap. So it was never like I had to give myself a break or anything, like you would automatically get breaks from the gaps and work during the day, like the middle of the day be a little slow or stuff like that and like The long drives, it didn't even tire you out or feel boring. Like if I had to do like a 30 minute drive north, some of the times that we wouldn't be talking, so I'll just be like chilling driving. I'm like yeah, I'm getting paid like A little over 20 an hour to do this. So am I can't complain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's like really good. Remember one song? I remember one time I was visiting my friend in Dallas and there was this old head who was driving into the airport and he was just talking, he was telling me that like the reason he was doing Uber was because he like uses that money to like, he was like an account. So like he was talking
SPEAKER_R: Home.
SPEAKER_L: my account in terms of like how to like I do like, you know, tax deduct depreciation on your car and how he logs how many personalize he has versus like driving miles. And he says that it's like a good way to like make money to pay for trips and stuff because he said his wife was kind of like sushi. No, it was like, she likes nice things. So I was like, damn, like maybe I should, maybe I should go over to, but honestly, I think I'd be a terrible, we were driving, they have a terrible driver, like privilege. Almost every single person that gets into my car, they either say you drive too slowly. Why are you so close to the car in front of you and why do you break? So like literally every single person says that about me. So honestly, like, I feel like it takes like a very like particular type of person to like not only enjoy but to be good at that type of job. It's definitely not as easy as just like driving around or at least has my thoughts. It's pretty steep.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. I'm not
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: trying to force, not like trying to like tuck you into being a driver. But what I would say about that is like um being good at Lipton, Uber has way more way more to do with your personality than like your driving ability. I'm like, I'll just give a good example of that. So like, I don't remember the details of the scientific study. But um the doctor, but in general, the doctors that get the most malpractice lawsuits against against them are not um The doctors that are like bad at their job or have low skill. But the doctors with the worst personalities, like the doctors. So like If two doctors gave the same treatment to their patients um Like the doctor that would get sued for malpractice is most likely the doctor with the negative attitude like has nothing to do with their skill on the job. The advice to give the patient has everything to do with the patient's attitude towards the doctor. So I look at, I translate that to driving, I'm like Let's say two drivers both have the same driving ability. One is a and one is kind of an asshole, but the other is just this really sweet person. Like even if they both drove a little like bad the person at the sweet personality, all the passengers thinking is it's okay, they're just doing this a little side gig. But it's like you thought the person was an asshole, you would definitely exaggerate the driving and be like wow this person drives like shit like two stars.
SPEAKER_L: Shit, what does that stand with my friends who are shit on my driving man? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Then
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: don't mind because there because you're there buddy.
SPEAKER_L: it's true. Uh I would think and I would hope that I could do Uber, but I feel like constantly having to have new cover. I mean, it sounds fun. Honestly, like I was told to do it, but I was going to pull the trigger earlier this year. The whole coronavirus thing happened. I was like, you know what, what if I just drove like five hours a week or something to start off with? It be kind of fun. Um Yeah it's true. What do
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: you do in your free time? I got side to work though.
SPEAKER_R: um I'm actually believe it or not, I'm actually trying to grow a meme account on instagram.
SPEAKER_L: Do you mind if I follow that?
SPEAKER_R: Not at all, not at all.
SPEAKER_L: Follow?
SPEAKER_R: It's got
SPEAKER_L: It is uh
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy. It's called it socially off beat.
SPEAKER_L: socially off beat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so that's
SPEAKER_L: Thanks 17,000
SPEAKER_R: so that's what I'm like
SPEAKER_L: followers is sick.
SPEAKER_R: kind of. Yeah, so that's so that's why I'm like super excited to work with this new company, little sleepy because I'm like obviously I don't care about uh
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: you know, PJs for babies, but I do care about the experience, I'll learn about Shopify and all that because I'm like, if one day I ever get fortunate enough to grow the meme account to like have like 50 K. 100 K. Followers, I could open up a small little Shopify store was just like humorous merch. And my now I'll have the experience to like learn what goes into Shopify, how to maximize your profits, deal with inventory, customer service etcetera etcetera.
SPEAKER_L: I like that. I feel like Shopify is something that's always around and people are really interested into it. Um I feel like your interest and like I think what you're into, it's like pretty dope. It's definitely trendy um buried
SPEAKER_R: A commerce. It's the future.
SPEAKER_L: it. Really? I mean it's like the present honestly right? Like Wayfair is up 500% since mid March.
SPEAKER_R: My goodness.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah Wayfair went crazy. Chewy dot com which is a pet store place. Chewy dot. There are 100% their stock was trading at 25 right now it's like a 48 49. I think the people of $52 a share
SPEAKER_R: jeez. Louise.
SPEAKER_L: Snapchat Um actually just exited my um, my uber position, but I was up 69 Uber. I'm currently up 107% on Snapchat. But I've got some bad deals I bought into Southwest Airlines and Boeing airlines and when I sold out of those positions, I was down substantially. So if you take a look at like my trading numbers for bars, I think, I feel like a little money, but the stock market's going crazy right now for a lot of these e commerce side, like Shopify just released their adjusted earnings. I'm not sure
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: up your alley or anything, but like each corridor company is going to have a projected, hey, we're probably gonna make her on this much and they travel like throw it out there. Shopify just flex so hard. Like I'm logged out up their kids who are like, they're, they're like second quarter earnings, which is from March to june. They were like, Hey Guys, we're about to make a shit on the money and their stock is up like 6% today.
SPEAKER_R: That's a lot, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: It's definitely, yeah, I mean it's definitely substantial especially because everything else is going down, a lot of things to go down and Shopify, just like, hey, we're killing it right now
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. Yeah. We've we've been focusing on like we're not like you and I but like in general like there's been a lot of attention on people and companies struggling during this, but there's a lot of lot of people and companies that are actually like wow this is like amazing for us. Like it's sad but this is like amazing for our growth.
SPEAKER_L: now. That's definitely true. And I think that's where my mind has been this entire thing. It's like, especially in the United States where it's very capitalistic, the whole idea is that there are winners and there are always losers, there are always losers and then there are winners. So if something is going down then, you know, somewhere something is going up. They had just trying to position yourself to find it. And sometimes it's guesswork. Um I mean one very interesting investment that I just made today was a company called Now Are X.
SPEAKER_R: No, now our eggs.
SPEAKER_L: Now our X. So they're they're not publicly traded just yet. They're going through their third round of funding. They're going they're series B. Funding. Um There are like this prescription company that one ticket. So it's based in California. Have you heard of it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay now when you said and you said prescription, I was like okay, now I know what they are.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Oh so have you heard of now? We're X at all.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen ads for it now because I was like, I was like, when you said prescriptions was like, okay, now that rings a bell in my head, like I've seen ads for it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I'm not exactly sure where in California their base but I know that they're based in California. Um Think they're based I'll assume that they're yeah they're based on like san Francisco, Orange county Los Angeles. But essentially ship it's like other places can ship it to you. Um Some places you have to buy it and you have to pick it up from the pharmacy. But now R. X. Is actually a pharmacy that has like distribution centers or like little offices 10 15 minutes away from me. So as soon as you put an order in what happens is like you can either meet with the doctor online or your normal doctor, get that prescription filled at that site and then they'll deliver to you all within an hour.
SPEAKER_R: That's really fast.
SPEAKER_L: It is really fast and like there was some other places like that. But you know honestly you're just curious and you're like the minimum investment to get into. This is about $1,000. It's not small but It's it's like a pretty interesting opportunity right now. Their sales are up like 580% during the coronavirus economy.
SPEAKER_R: Man, that's, that's smart of you to be on, on all of the Stokes. I mean one day you might strike big and just like something just blows up like you might get the next amazon or something.
SPEAKER_L: That's true that be pretty sick. Um But no but I think the child of ideas go um I saw that there is a link on your instagram, your main page. Is that your page or did you get paid supposed that?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I I uh that link is um I tried to get into the T shirt design niche, but I like lost motivation, so that's probably the only shirt I made.
SPEAKER_L: I snatch on the first tape, I like it. Have you been? How about sales been on that? Just have a curiosity and
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no sales because I guess for that, for that genre, like it's really super saturated.
SPEAKER_L: uh makes sense. Where what are you up to for the rest of the day? I know it's like morning over there. All right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, I got, I really got no plans today. I'm uh I'm actually, I'm actually going to try to publish an e book on Postmates, tips and strategies to maximize your earnings. See if I can hold that online.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey man, I like the hustle. Like I self identify as like a hustler too and you know, be matched up to have this like short conversation with another house. So it's kind of motivating, it's dope to see you out there. Hopefully you're crushing it if you're not, hopefully you're just setting up all the stones to start crushing it soon.
SPEAKER_R: I really appreciate it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, right. I think we're supposed to be on the conflict 25 minutes. Um I think we've been on here for a little bit longer than that, so, and then I hope you have a great day, man, great talking to you
SPEAKER_R: appreciate
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it. Likewise.
SPEAKER_L: sounds good man. Take it easy