the side. I don't know.
How are you?
Um Right now I live in California.
I mean I really like California, I don't think I want to move out of this state anytime soon.
Yeah we're pretty spoiled here.
No, no. Oh yeah I guess you could say that right now. I'm living in san Diego.
Where are you from? Yeah.
I'm sorry. one sec. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay. Where'd you say you're from?
Okay. Okay. So what is it like 12 PM over there?
Okay, not bad, not bad. Um Oh you're so you're states reopening isn't it?
Okay. Do you do you feel unsafe about that or you're like I'm glad it's open.
Yeah.
I could still things are still pretty closed up. Um I don't I don't know about san Diego because but I know in Los Angeles they're planning on not not only reopening this friday but they're going to reopen stores like bookstores, clothing stores but only for like curbside pickup, so they're not they're not exactly planning on reopening anytime soon. Um Yeah man if I had to guess I would I would say the lockdown measures will probably go through, I would say through the end of june I mean but I don't know, I just see on the news, social media more and more, you know and whether it be here or another state, people are just striking about the stay at home orders. So I feel like no matter how long they extend the measures, people are just going to keep keep on, keep on forcing the issue.
It's
so
that's
so dumb and funny.
I I read a story about liquor being like a precious commodity in India for whatever reason, I mean I didn't look into the story, but I just thought that was super interesting. So that that makes sense.
On borders,
stay
at home
like it's it's really necessary. I mean, even if you don't have the symptoms, um, you could still pass it along, you might, you might get it and not even know you have it because you might get like super mild case of it. I mean, uh, honestly, in the United States, where the measures we've taken to reduce it aren't even as strict as the measures taken in other countries. So it's a bit ironic to me that people feel that some people feel like so suppressed and that we're going overboard with the lockdown measures because it's been pretty light here compared to other nations. And despite the death rate in the US being way higher than other countries, we still feel like we're taking. You know, people still feel the lockdown measures are going too far, but I mean it is what it is at the end of the day, everyone is just got to kind of look out for themselves. So that's kind of the approach I'm taking to it now. I'm like I have my opinions on the lockdown and I just have to take care of myself, you know, my family and just do what's best for me because obviously you can depend on everyone else doing the same thing as yourself. So you just got to kind of look up at this point.
Um To be honest, like none of my my life really has not been affected whatsoever by the coronavirus because for the past two or three years or so I've been doing Um 100% of my income has come from gig work, like lift uber through delivery Rich in devising 100% of the work I do is um you know the type of jobs where you go online, I'll find whenever you want work as much as you want, as little as you want. So even as um orders were put in place to help stop the spread of coronavirus, like people still need lifts, people still need food delivered to them. So work has been almost um so my work has been almost completely unaffected by coronavirus and you know, in terms of social distancing, I mean I still go to the grocery store if I need to go, I still go visit friends and family. I mean we're not, you know, throwing huge parties or anything, but like I want to go to a friend's house or family's house, I'll do that. Um Honestly, the only thing I can think of that that's uh personally affected me as like gyms are closed. I mean that's understandable. So you know, I've just had to learn to work out at home, which has been fun. But yeah, to be completely honest, like the whole situation hasn't affected me whatsoever. But um recently, um I've been looking at new jobs, not not because of coronavirus, just because I wanted something new. So I'm actually gonna be working for some company called little sleepy's like the next couple of days and I'm really excited for it. Um You know, just to kill some time, I'll just go over it really quick. Like a little sleepy is is just a company that makes pajamas for babies. And if I had to summarize my role with the company in one phrase, it would be customer support specialist. So I'd be um handling customer questions, complaints, exchanges anything related to that via chat and email. I'd be handling communications between employees of Little Sleepy's on my laptop. But what's got me the most excited about this position is that one. Um They're teaching me about Shopify warehouse, software systems, help this software systems all which is really interesting to me because eventually would like to open my own Shopify store, you know, develop a stream of passive income. But The best part about the position is that it's 100% remote. So I can anywhere I have a laptop, I can do this job. So I'm like that. It's so freaking awesome. I've wanted to work like that for so long.
Very true. Yeah. So like
um I honestly wouldn't feel lonely. I mean I would still be interacting with the employees of Little Sleepy's but I like to work independently and like you said, that's how I've been working for the past three years. But let me tell you. So like you would think it's only so like the three years before I was doing independent contractor type work I was working on at the university of California san Diego as a cook and you know it's like you know just like with regular job you see the same almost the same employees every day. Um you know some of these employees of your buddies, some of them are just coworkers, yada yada, but once I quit that and started doing lift all time man, I so like I can't even tell you just just how fun it was overall. Like even if you're not seeing the same people every day, I preferred that I will see. And then I would have with my regular job like I was saying hundreds of new faces every month learning all these new stories and like, I mean, don't get me wrong, you'd have your bad days where some people, you'd be driving them, you're like, I just want this right to be over. But like, 80, of the time, it was so fun just meeting all these new people because I'm sure it's different driving in every city, but san Diego is like a tourist town. So I would say at least 70% of the people I drove weren't even from San Diego. So I was always learning something new and you know, every now and then you'd get that one drive that turned into an adventure, You'd end up just hanging out with the person the whole day, so do an independent contractor type work was like, it was, it was lonely in the sense that you didn't form consistent relationship with people, but to me it was more exciting overall.
You're like um every now and then I'd be driving people that were my age. And um we have a great conversation in the car and they'd be like, hey what are you doing? Like you want to go hang out with us? And I'd be like, yeah, sure like, and because it's because of the type of work it is, you know, I don't have to be like a boss, can I go, I just go offline? That's it. I just go hang out with them like and only only a few times have I made lasting relationships with the people. Like for the most part we just hang out and that's probably the last out here of them, but it's still be fun overall and you know, I'd get a big tip and I'd be like, oh that's turned into a really nice day.
yeah, I mean, I mean it's risky like, understandably so, but like if you trust the person, they're vibe, whatever, then it turned into a great day, like uh probably one of the funnest times I had, I was driving some students from UCSD and so having like a four of them and
you know, one thing led to another eventually, I just ended up there like, hey, do you want to come to this party with us tonight instead of just dropping, dropping us off? I was like yeah, sure why not? So I ended up just having a really great night. So there's always examples like that with ride share and like I guess if I had to stay just one more thing about roger um at my peak Um I was making like about six grand a month with weekends off, so it
was, it's a really, really sweet gig.
10 to 12.
Yeah, I was like, I don't even mind working like that many hours because it's not like you're burning a lot of energy, you're kind of just sitting and driving. Yeah. You and like, And you know if some days would be busy the whole days, but other days there'd be gaps in the day, like 20 minute gaps, 30 minute gap. So it was never like I had to give myself a break or anything, like you would automatically get breaks from the gaps and work during the day, like the middle of the day be a little slow or stuff like that and like The long drives, it didn't even tire you out or feel boring. Like if I had to do like a 30 minute drive north, some of the times that we wouldn't be talking, so I'll just be like chilling driving. I'm like yeah, I'm getting paid like A little over 20 an hour to do this. So am I can't complain.
Home.
Mm hmm. I'm not
trying to force, not like trying to like tuck you into being a driver. But what I would say about that is like um being good at Lipton, Uber has way more way more to do with your personality than like your driving ability. I'm like, I'll just give a good example of that. So like, I don't remember the details of the scientific study. But um the doctor, but in general, the doctors that get the most malpractice lawsuits against against them are not um The doctors that are like bad at their job or have low skill. But the doctors with the worst personalities, like the doctors. So like If two doctors gave the same treatment to their patients um Like the doctor that would get sued for malpractice is most likely the doctor with the negative attitude like has nothing to do with their skill on the job. The advice to give the patient has everything to do with the patient's attitude towards the doctor. So I look at, I translate that to driving, I'm like Let's say two drivers both have the same driving ability. One is a and one is kind of an asshole, but the other is just this really sweet person. Like even if they both drove a little like bad the person at the sweet personality, all the passengers thinking is it's okay, they're just doing this a little side gig. But it's like you thought the person was an asshole, you would definitely exaggerate the driving and be like wow this person drives like shit like two stars.
Then
they
don't mind because there because you're there buddy.
The
um I'm actually believe it or not, I'm actually trying to grow a meme account on instagram.
Not at all, not at all.
It's got
it's crazy. It's called it socially off beat.
Yeah, so that's
so that's what I'm like
kind of. Yeah, so that's so that's why I'm like super excited to work with this new company, little sleepy because I'm like obviously I don't care about uh
you know, PJs for babies, but I do care about the experience, I'll learn about Shopify and all that because I'm like, if one day I ever get fortunate enough to grow the meme account to like have like 50 K. 100 K. Followers, I could open up a small little Shopify store was just like humorous merch. And my now I'll have the experience to like learn what goes into Shopify, how to maximize your profits, deal with inventory, customer service etcetera etcetera.
A commerce. It's the future.
My goodness.
jeez. Louise.
huh.
That's a lot, isn't it?
Oh my God. Yeah. We've we've been focusing on like we're not like you and I but like in general like there's been a lot of attention on people and companies struggling during this, but there's a lot of lot of people and companies that are actually like wow this is like amazing for us. Like it's sad but this is like amazing for our growth.
No, now our eggs.
Yeah. Okay now when you said and you said prescription, I was like okay, now I know what they are.
I've seen ads for it now because I was like, I was like, when you said prescriptions was like, okay, now that rings a bell in my head, like I've seen ads for it.
That's really fast.
Man, that's, that's smart of you to be on, on all of the Stokes. I mean one day you might strike big and just like something just blows up like you might get the next amazon or something.
Oh, I I uh that link is um I tried to get into the T shirt design niche, but I like lost motivation, so that's probably the only shirt I made.
Oh no, no sales because I guess for that, for that genre, like it's really super saturated.
No, I got, I really got no plans today. I'm uh I'm actually, I'm actually going to try to publish an e book on Postmates, tips and strategies to maximize your earnings. See if I can hold that online.
I really appreciate it.
appreciate
it. Likewise.