wow. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. No, nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah impressive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
How's it going? Great.
Where are you?
How's that going on?
I was in Los Angeles for like four weeks in November. The weather was just ridiculous.
Are you originally from Los Angeles?
She was really nice to deep balls.
I'm in Atlanta.
Can you hear me? Yeah.
Helena?
Yes. Well over here.
it's already pretty much reopened. Everything is mostly open right now.
Mhm That's a tough question. Um I feel like eventually things have to open up um Georgia is a very conservative so people don't want the unemployment checks. They don't want government handouts quote unquote of people are like just let me work for it. I don't want to cover tell me what to do. It's very red neck in that way like so people here don't want like universal health care. You know, they're very like conservative fiscally. So people are trying to get out there trying to work, but we'll see what happens. I mean, I'm still wearing my mask everywhere. I'm like barely leaving the house um, killing him. Cool
house. Um how are things in san Diego? Mhm
it makes sense. I saw this one video of this guy who was striking and he was being interviewed and he was consciously yelling go off on me. I don't care. I'm corona proof just come up like a dozen people nearby
just like walked up to him and coughed in his face. I was like, oh, this guy is definitely going to get it
in
this sport.
You, It's so funny. Like I have a convenience store nearby where I go to pick up snacks and sometimes people like cigarettes or joe Potts and since I stopped by and my dude, he will show me a video about how India just opened up all the liquor stores for the first time. And he showed me this video of like miles of people waiting in line to buy alcohol and people's tolerances are so low in India right now, everyone's just getting shit faced. This one. I drove a car into a fucking building. Yeah. It's crazy out there. Not just in the States, but yeah, people in India just don't care about social distancing right now. So there's a lot of funny stuff going on.
Uh huh. What are, what are your whole thoughts with the whole stay at home orders?
The
step
orders?
that makes sense. I think that's a pretty mature way to take a look at it. Um It is crazy though, it's just crazy what's going on, like there's no other way to put it, like people are getting laid off and it's just like a to start to see what's going on outside, so but what have you been doing to like pass it on?
that is pretty sick um don't you feel like you'll get a little lonely by just working remotely all the time like you, I guess right now you don't really have coworkers either because you're kind of like working by yourself
ST
that's pretty sick, like what do you mean that you would end up spending the entire day with someone, like I don't even think that was something people did,
that is pretty sick, you know, maybe I should do that next time I'm traveling. I don't really travel by myself that much. But if I do, if I feel like the Uber driver is like pretty dope. Like maybe I could just ask them to hang out, how could show me around or something.
Thank you.
What?
That is actually pretty sick. Like how many hours were you driving on average like a day?
That's still sick. six grand a month.
Yeah, that's like really good. Remember one song? I remember one time I was visiting my friend in Dallas and there was this old head who was driving into the airport and he was just talking, he was telling me that like the reason he was doing Uber was because he like uses that money to like, he was like an account. So like he was talking
my account in terms of like how to like I do like, you know, tax deduct depreciation on your car and how he logs how many personalize he has versus like driving miles. And he says that it's like a good way to like make money to pay for trips and stuff because he said his wife was kind of like sushi. No, it was like, she likes nice things. So I was like, damn, like maybe I should, maybe I should go over to, but honestly, I think I'd be a terrible, we were driving, they have a terrible driver, like privilege. Almost every single person that gets into my car, they either say you drive too slowly. Why are you so close to the car in front of you and why do you break? So like literally every single person says that about me. So honestly, like, I feel like it takes like a very like particular type of person to like not only enjoy but to be good at that type of job. It's definitely not as easy as just like driving around or at least has my thoughts. It's pretty steep.
All
Shit, what does that stand with my friends who are shit on my driving man? Yeah,
of course.
And
it's true. Uh I would think and I would hope that I could do Uber, but I feel like constantly having to have new cover. I mean, it sounds fun. Honestly, like I was told to do it, but I was going to pull the trigger earlier this year. The whole coronavirus thing happened. I was like, you know what, what if I just drove like five hours a week or something to start off with? It be kind of fun. Um Yeah it's true. What do
you do in your free time? I got side to work though.
Do you mind if I follow that?
Follow?
It is uh
socially off beat.
Thanks 17,000
followers is sick.
No.
I like that. I feel like Shopify is something that's always around and people are really interested into it. Um I feel like your interest and like I think what you're into, it's like pretty dope. It's definitely trendy um buried
it. Really? I mean it's like the present honestly right? Like Wayfair is up 500% since mid March.
Yeah Wayfair went crazy. Chewy dot com which is a pet store place. Chewy dot. There are 100% their stock was trading at 25 right now it's like a 48 49. I think the people of $52 a share
Snapchat Um actually just exited my um, my uber position, but I was up 69 Uber. I'm currently up 107% on Snapchat. But I've got some bad deals I bought into Southwest Airlines and Boeing airlines and when I sold out of those positions, I was down substantially. So if you take a look at like my trading numbers for bars, I think, I feel like a little money, but the stock market's going crazy right now for a lot of these e commerce side, like Shopify just released their adjusted earnings. I'm not sure
up your alley or anything, but like each corridor company is going to have a projected, hey, we're probably gonna make her on this much and they travel like throw it out there. Shopify just flex so hard. Like I'm logged out up their kids who are like, they're, they're like second quarter earnings, which is from March to june. They were like, Hey Guys, we're about to make a shit on the money and their stock is up like 6% today.
It's definitely, yeah, I mean it's definitely substantial especially because everything else is going down, a lot of things to go down and Shopify, just like, hey, we're killing it right now
now. That's definitely true. And I think that's where my mind has been this entire thing. It's like, especially in the United States where it's very capitalistic, the whole idea is that there are winners and there are always losers, there are always losers and then there are winners. So if something is going down then, you know, somewhere something is going up. They had just trying to position yourself to find it. And sometimes it's guesswork. Um I mean one very interesting investment that I just made today was a company called Now Are X.
Now our X. So they're they're not publicly traded just yet. They're going through their third round of funding. They're going they're series B. Funding. Um There are like this prescription company that one ticket. So it's based in California. Have you heard of it?
Right. Oh so have you heard of now? We're X at all.
I don't know I'm not exactly sure where in California their base but I know that they're based in California. Um Think they're based I'll assume that they're yeah they're based on like san Francisco, Orange county Los Angeles. But essentially ship it's like other places can ship it to you. Um Some places you have to buy it and you have to pick it up from the pharmacy. But now R. X. Is actually a pharmacy that has like distribution centers or like little offices 10 15 minutes away from me. So as soon as you put an order in what happens is like you can either meet with the doctor online or your normal doctor, get that prescription filled at that site and then they'll deliver to you all within an hour.
It is really fast and like there was some other places like that. But you know honestly you're just curious and you're like the minimum investment to get into. This is about $1,000. It's not small but It's it's like a pretty interesting opportunity right now. Their sales are up like 580% during the coronavirus economy.
That's true that be pretty sick. Um But no but I think the child of ideas go um I saw that there is a link on your instagram, your main page. Is that your page or did you get paid supposed that?
I snatch on the first tape, I like it. Have you been? How about sales been on that? Just have a curiosity and
uh makes sense. Where what are you up to for the rest of the day? I know it's like morning over there. All right. Yeah.
Yeah. Hey man, I like the hustle. Like I self identify as like a hustler too and you know, be matched up to have this like short conversation with another house. So it's kind of motivating, it's dope to see you out there. Hopefully you're crushing it if you're not, hopefully you're just setting up all the stones to start crushing it soon.
Yeah, right. I think we're supposed to be on the conflict 25 minutes. Um I think we've been on here for a little bit longer than that, so, and then I hope you have a great day, man, great talking to you
and
sounds good man. Take it easy