Mhm. Well I have to transfer, you know? Oh. Mhm. Oh
blue,
I'm good, how are
you
My name is Alison, Nice to
meet you. Yeah.
it's going pretty well. Um Currently my cities on like a reduced lockdown so I was able to go out and get some coffee.
I'm from Houston texas.
no,
I I actually just graduated college.
it's definitely a weird experience. Not how I would have expected to graduate.
huh. Um Our graduation is actually going to get moved into august um
But I won't be able to attend,
I'm going on a study abroad trip to South Africa,
it's not
studying but yeah,
I'm a biology
major
so.
Oh really? So do you want to go to med school?
That's exciting,
That's exciting. Where do you go to school?
What do you uh what are you interested in research wise?
That's cool. Me too. I think I want to be a veterinarian. But if
yeah, but if I wasn't going to be I'd want to be a do something with like genetic counseling.
I love genetics.
The assistance can always make or break the class.
sometimes
you get like a chill laid back one, but sometimes you get one that's like I don't hand out age.
That's so unfair.
Did a lot did all your classes move online the semester?
I wasn't expecting
to like because I left for spring break and then after I had left for spring break they canceled everything. So I
hadn't
said
goodbye to anyone or anything.
That's
so exciting.
Yeah. Hope it doesn't get cancelled because of the pandemic.
Um I leave at the end of july so
gives
us
some time.
So how long have you been in the States studying
well? Mhm,
Is
your
family safe?
Yeah, I feel like
the older people don't
understand as
much.
mm It's frustrating
now. I'm staying with my parents. Um I was at school at the University of south Carolina and I have my apartment there but um I flew back home, so my car is still in south Carolina and I'm in texas and I don't feel comfortable flying back. So
um I had my apartment, so all my stuff still there and I have it until I think
july so have time to go back. But my little sister um she also goes to south Carolina and so she has all her stuff in her dorm and they had like movers come and move out, everyone's dorm stuff
so uh
Yeah thing with our school was that someone in the dorms got the virus so no one could go back to the dorms together stuff because it
was like quarantine.
in my county it's not too bad but it's definitely one of the worst cities out of the state. And when they like we are not restrict lockdown, they like ease it, they're looking at like the data everywhere, but it doesn't fit Houston so it's probably gonna end poorly for us in a couple of weeks.
I would love it to be
over
with. It's taking so long.
it's overwhelming
do.
What have you been doing? Mhm.
Okay. I
no that's my next show I'm gonna watch. I've
been watching
those marks.
that's terrible.
I've been going on a lot of outdoor walks. I got a dog so I've been taking care of her but lot of screen time on my phone for sure.
There
no.
I took
the
G. R. E. Last summer and they're not trying to prove that school right now for applications and I'm like uh so much money
and so many hours
you
have time mm
No
I started to apply um to that so that's what I've been working on but I can't do much else. There's no jobs to
get or anything.
well that's so annoying you can't go
out and enjoy
anything.
Well
netflix is a good friend to have. It takes up
a lot of
time. Yeah
I don't think so now but it's a pretty diversity. Um My boyfriend goes to University of Houston and I think it's
the number one most diverse college or at least Houston is the number one most diverse city, so.
there are.
I've never
tried
any
but I want to.
Yeah, I would love
that.
I love
spicy
food,
I shall.
me
too.
Do you like to go?
I love cooking and I love baking, I've been baking like multiple times a week, I just made banana bread.
I'm living with my family right now, so normally I don't have enough.
Oh, that's so
Is good connecting to everyone.
Thanks,
I'm gonna do like a veterinary trip, so I'll be helping out in the communities with their large animals and also there's dogs and cats, sorry, that's my boyfriend. Um
and then I'm also gonna go on safari, so we're gonna I'm
gonna get to dart an animal and so I'm super excited about that, it'll be really fun.
I'm gonna be gone for only three weeks but.
it's definitely
my dream
to
go and there's also a beach and I love the beach. So
South Africa is massive. There's literally two countries inside of South Africa so yeah
it is a country yeah that's
big.
the jungle desert
So I'm excited
to get to see the one. Hopefully.
Um I don't I know that I will be going to rural areas but I think where I'm staying a little bit more developed so
ah they have like a building um So I guess it's kind of like dorms that I can stay in so I'm
excited. Yeah.
I'm
sorry.
Yeah there's not a great place. Uh
thank
you.
I hope so too. I applied last year just to like apply to see only applied to one school and I didn't get in, but I'm more confident for the cycle,
so.
Hello?
Yeah, It's scary.
Into
I'm in I would just research things you like and
professors that are researching on the things you like and then honestly reach out to them. It's totally worth it because they're always super excited to like talk about their work
and I'm and or I was in research at my school and a lot of my friends are pursuing grad school right now to like do and they spend a lot of time emailing different professors that they liked and like talking about their work. So
it's great. It's great advice. It's scary. Yeah.
That's how I feel.
A lot of
back.
Are you allowed to go outside? Like a good place to walk around or?
I understand
them. Yeah. Especially. Okay.
hint
there. All right. Have we been talking for 25 minutes? I
think
we have.
How are we supposed to um Well let's forget about the storm outside. How are we supposed to um
Absolutely. Um clicked out of the video child. Think the
like
construction.
I don't know.
I mean, I only clicked on it earlier and it didn't take me out of the video
child. But
I guess we're supposed to just close it. Well her, there's no excess.
Yeah, let's see. Okay. I think we just exit out and we're good to go well and then Yeah. Oh mm.
Yeah. Can you,
can you fill it out?
That's weird.
Mine is asking questions about like how do I feel?
I'm not.
Uh huh. It just popped up.
That's
weird.
Maybe you have to reach out to them. Did you do this through prolific?
Yeah. Then and see if they respond back to you? Oh, it says you can respond through prolific messaging or at this weird email.
If you look in the messages.
Yeah. All right. Well, thank you for talking to me to try the police food. Now. I'm so excited
to do it.
Thank you. And I wish you the best of luck trying to find grad schools.
I'm
a great day. Bye!