Oh
hey, how are you?
I'm
good. So hi my name is Prada. Um
Actually,
so how is everything going?
It was nice. Where are you from?
Oh wow. I'm here in Alabama and uh I'm a college student, I'm currently in my
senior year. What about you?
congratulations. Okay.
Uh you have a virtual graduation?
wow, that's
Are you moving?
Wow, that's
so cool.
This is what's your major?
Well
me too,
Alabama's plans major.
I mean
no not quite bit much cool and that was the neutral plan but I just don't think I can handle much like more of a medical school right now. I'm just gonna go towards the research. I graduate this december and I'm thinking of applying to grad school. So let's see how it works out.
I'm here in Troy University. Yeah. So
um I really wanted to do biomedical engineering for my grad school but then I wanted to do it in undergrad as well. But our college does not offer biomed engineering, so I just took biomedical science for it and I'm pretty interested in genetics. Um like bioinformatics, so let's just see where it takes me,
that's nice.
Yeah, I mean it sounds really cool, like I just took it at the last semester and and and our professor, she just taught us so much about genetics and it's not only about looking at genes but then genetic counseling and stuff, so it was really cool to learn about it.
Yeah, I mean it was a pretty tough class especially uh I mean the class was okay but then that was genetic to laugh And then we had like a whole research paper we had to do on Drosophila, so we had to do a lot of research on that was like for 216 pays research and our like um teaching assistant, she was kind of you know, she was like really strict about that was a tough semester. Mhm.
I know, I mean the professor is they're all cool, but then the teaching assistants, they seem kind of I don't know, real to us. I'm not sure how to put
it.
I don't know. Yeah. I heard one of my friends, she made uh 89.2 and then she got to be because she wouldn't round it off to an a.
I understand like it was such a about that class, but then I'm just I'm just glad that I got over it. Okay.
I mean we had our spring break on like second with a second week of March and that's when the like pandemic started hitting like really hard and then it just moved online, everything so
so
you
know that
are
I understand especially so many of my friends graduated this semester and we were all kind of hoping there will be like a graduation party and stuff like that and then they're they're just stuck, just did some photo shoots on their own with a graduating gown and cap, but that's all of it. So yeah. Uh so I'm an international student, I'm from Nepal and uh I mean just because he said about studying abroad, it's I'm having a lot of fun right now over here. So I I do
hope
that you're going to have a lot of fun and study abroad as well.
yeah they plan to leave.
wow, that looks, I mean I
hope
the Panamint
better by then
um This august it's gonna be four years of.
Yeah, it kind of feels like home now. Yeah, but but then with the pandemic and everything, I'm alone here, so just stay with my roommate and then my parents are back there in my country and um you know, it's not been that bad over there, but then it's I think it's just starting to catch pace now. So um I mean we have reduced lockdown here as well, but then my country is in like full lockdown over there. So my parents have been staying home for almost two months, I guess everything
is
shocked
and they are safe. But then uh yeah, but you know, it it's just basic instinct. They want to get out of their home whenever they want to. So there's all like always thinking of excuses and just going out saying that I want to buy some milk or me. Yeah. I always tell them people know what then they're like, I don't know why sonny ties, I wear gloves and masks and everything, but still
like
different.
I
know. I mean they're always telling me just don't go to walmart, just stay home. But then there are another one's listening. So I mean that's much, there's not much I can do.
So I understand. So um do you stay with your parents or do you stay in the dorm?
So what about your like people even born in south Carolina?
You know?
Like
they have movers do that over there are are universally just gave the I mean I live off campus but then my universe together orders in like two weeks and not to move all the stuff out of the dorm. So for students that were just coming and moving all by themselves, it was sad.
That's
bad. Like. Like what about Houston? How bad is it over there?
Well stay safe. I mean that's all we can do at the moment. No vaccines or anything. We can like take other preventive measures except for that. So well let's hope for the best. I hope this kind of begins uh in time or like when we go back, when I go back to college and fall, when you go back, when you go to South Africa, I really hope this all ends by then.
I
know.
Yeah. I actually don't know about my county because I stopped looking at the statistics about a month ago. I mean I was like I was keeping up to date with everything but then it was just it just made me kind of depressed so I just stopped checking.
And then.
I know yeah so I am just going out for groceries about like twice a month and then I'm stuck here in my home all day. My um my roommate, uh he works he's uh he works in an accounting firm. He also graduated this measure and then he has an internship going on. So like he leaves the apartment at around 7:00 AM and he comes back at seven in the evening. So I'm pretty much all by myself every day. It's like on all the weekdays, so it just kind of seems sad, it seems boring. I don't know what to do.
I'm just watching Naruto right now. I'm just on this series. Like I I kind of believe I didn't watch narrator when I was a kid and then I was born into Disney. So like I didn't watch Marriage and the Animals and stuff, but then right now I'm just been watching are. So um I just finished watching Money Highs. It was a pretty cool uh
Yeah have you watched it?
It's
it's
harry. It just lives every episode it ends in like a hope so you just want to keep watching more and more it's nice. Uh I mean I just uh I just stopped not stop but I finished working in like Two weeks ago and then that's when I heard the news that the season next season is just coming back in April 2021 so I just got to wait for a year and I just finished it so I kind of feel bad about that
but then I know and it just left in such a suspense so but it's it's okay and that's what I've been doing just watching netflix binge watching. What about you?
I understand it's using chris drastically because I mean I know I'm supposed to be studying for D. R. E. But I am not so you
know I'm
just wasting my time here like doing a lot of non essential stuff so I know
I
can't.
I
understand it's terrible I mean I I feel like I can do pretty good in math but then english it just bums me out the I'm not good at vocabulary so I'm just scared about that part and yeah I'm supposed to be studying I mean I bought a subscription and everything for perhaps collar
but
so I'm not doing a lot of other things
so yeah that's it.
Am
I understand I I actually apply for a couple of internships for summer but then I couldn't get like approval for many of them because they were reducing the number of interns that are taking and then some of the programs that were shut down for summer. So I have like hopes for this summer but it looks like I'm going to stay here till august and if my university is gonna offer online classes for next semester as well I'm just gonna be stuck here until december.
I
know.
Yeah because I mean I live in a small town called Troy. So it's it's really a small town. Uh I think the population is less than 20,000 and then it's just a popular because there's the university and it is um yeah so there are dorms and everything and honestly there is like one chick fil a one Mcdonald's, everything is just one and there's not much to do around here. So yeah I'm just gonna be stuck here. I cannot go back to my country because all the international flights are like um you know suspended. So. Uh huh.
I
know.
Thank
So I mean in Houston there are a lot of, have you ever like met other nepalese people? Right.
us.
That's because like I got so many friends and we have like a group of um students or like people like nepalese residing in the United States and then they have like a group. And I see that there are so many people in like Dallas and Arlington I think Kirsten. And there's like a lot of people in there especially like there are so many restaurants like nepalese restaurants. I really
don't know that
because
have
you learned
you have to, it's really really good like one of the most special food about like netflix culture is dumplings. And um the dumplings, they're not kind of like chinese dumplings but they're rather spicy and they are mixed with all the spices when they're together and they come with like a soup, well you dip the dumpling and then eat it. I
mean
you
should
try once.
There are so
many um netflix student like I mean if there's restaurants over there and I really wish we have one in my like town but there are none. So whatever cravings I have, I have to make it all at home and then I just don't have that much like you know patients so I'm just stuck. You're eating
just
the regular friends.
Yeah, I mean I I love cooking, I mean but I I love baking rather than cooking and so I just when I'm alone I'm just cooking a bunch of cookies and cakes and stuff like that, so yeah not not so much of other help is do you like the game?
Oh that's nice. I mean I I would love to take like several times a week but then there's just me and my roommate. I don't know what I need to do with that much food. So I was going
that's the, I wish I will be living with my family. But I mean we do video chat like twice a day
and I yeah, I mean that's one good thing about the pandemic because before this I would be just caught up in my studies and everything so I would talk to them like just barely in a week. But now I'm just talking to them every day and it just feels like I'm so much closer to them. So that that's not the good thing about the panda wake.
I know. Um
So what are you going to do in South Africa?
It's okay.
What?
how long are you gonna be gone for?
Okay. But that's but that's I mean I haven't quite visited a lot of countries but I I hear South Africa is like so good for safaris and like wild animals. Uh
I
don't have a good
trip.
there's oh there's bitches in South Africa. I mean that image is quite does not pop up when I think of South Africa
myself is because the country isn't it,
I mean
like yeah when I hear South Africa I can literally think of Madagascar like sunset and like do a draft and zebra Justin
myself folks in my head and yeah. Mhm.
But
yeah, so are you gonna be going to like a rural area or it's going to be like an urban area?
Are you going to be seeing like a hotel?
That's
hope we have like reading from. I know that there are so many um study abroad trips that my university takes them too and I actually like wanted to go to china in the spring break. They're gonna take us to um it was a seven day trip and they were going to take us to like some three provinces of china I guess. But then the trip pod canceled.
That was going to be
my first study abroad trip. But then.
huh. I know but I I really hope that you get to go there have a
lot of plans
and I hope that experience going to help you but until that school as well.
You're gonna get
it. Yeah. I mean I am trying to find colleges as well for next year next year so I'm just looking at a bunch of colleges but the all application process, it seems too much like I just to begin with
and then my friends are suggesting that you got to talk with professors beforehand so that they can tell you about the research is that they are doing. I mean I just don't have that much, you know willpower to
for a bunch of professors and then apply to them. So you know, I'm just thinking I have plenty of time. At least I got like this whole
summer. I'm just
it's
that's
I think.
I mean I know like uh so there are so many other my all my other friends who are also like reaching out with their professors and they're just telling that if you just build a good communication with them then they might be able to help you with the like application process and other things as well. So yeah I've got to start doing that as well, maybe next week. I just I feel like doing it right now.
Yeah I mean all the thing that I do all day you spend in my bed just eating watching that's it and then I
nap
and I've been like a lot less active than I used to be. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah I mean it's not in lockdown it I think they told us that the order was safer at home so if you are allowed to go to the grocery store, I mean you're basically allowed to go everywhere. They're not gonna like do anything but then it's just for your own safety and I just don't feel safe going
out.
Mhm. Yeah I mean yeah I could go and welcome evenings and then that's it. Not too much, I I'm not meeting with my friends. That's one
thing that bums me out like. Yeah.
I
think
so yeah.
Um Let me, let me see if it's a something
do I just
close
it?
Let me let me see. Go back to that. Uh Maybe I were supposed to take on the arrow that's in the link over there.
Well
okay let's see. Mm I don't I think we're supposed to do the whole thing, Are we supposed to just close it?
Yeah. So let's just complete the uh survey first and then maybe we'll just cut it off or something.
Right. Are you able to do it
to help you?
I am not being able to do. It just says it looks like it didn't work out for your conversation today. Would you like to schedule a time for later?
I mean
yeah. How did
you get there?
We
could
have,
yeah, I did this to a prolific. I'll just click on the message that they sent out earlier.
let's let's see.
Okay. It says you have either already complicate the survey or say some has expired. I may have already completed it. I think so. Okay. I think that's it.
You
should try it I think to deliver as well so you just don't need to get out also. I really, really have a lot of fun in your trip to South Africa.
Thank you somewhere and so it goes
to you by