SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. What next? In Puerto rico? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah wow. No. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay wow. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. National. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Hi there. I sure can. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: okay? I wasn't
SPEAKER_L: No I
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: didn't see your people just now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I wasn't sure. Our mind was kind of fuzzed over. I wasn't sure if I was working or not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hi there, how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, pretty good. It's pretty chilly out here. My kids are eating their lunch so hopefully they don't come busted in here. I was like mommy is going to be busy. Stay away.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: We'll see.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a great piece, so minor groans on how old are your kid is?
SPEAKER_R: There are five and 7. Both boys. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have two boys uh Yeah now they're 40 and 30.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. There you go. Do you have grandkids?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I've got to Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: a girl 10 and a boy six
SPEAKER_R: they say grandkids
SPEAKER_L: just look
SPEAKER_R: are the reason
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: you have Children. Um
SPEAKER_L: it's so much fun, I love being a granny.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. I tell my kids is like when you get older, you're going to have Children that act just like you. Oh no, mine are going to be good.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: It's like I I don't think so. That's not the way it works. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: it's it's funny. Um My kids were so funny when they were growing up. Uh huh. Um I found sunday I I do genealogy and sunday I came across a picture of my youngest with this spaghetti bowl upside down on his head. Mhm. Rice Liss. And I'm trying to I'm trying to find the one that matches. I know that sounds crazy but I have one of our oldest when he was about 18 months old. Pretty much the same age and well here I'll share uh ha ha with you now you got to keep in mind this is done 30 years ago. This is so funny but kids are so bright. Um This wasn't a spaghetti bowl, he just got it all in his head. Let me see if you can. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: he's a cutie. Oh, I know. So much more fun to play with your food than it is to actually eat it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah and of course neither one of them could say spaghetti and uh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's a tricky one for kids.
SPEAKER_L: Yes I had pus getty and sketchy and I mean every name under the sun other than spaghetti and we worked and worked and they loved it and with just the plain noodles. So what are your kid? I was like
SPEAKER_R: Oh, very handful. My youngest is like me when I was little, which my mom was probably like ha ha you know, but
SPEAKER_L: you're going to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: home school them too, so I'm a stay at home mom and I home school, which means, you know, 24 7 Children, so you know, they're pretty self sufficient though. Like I even when they were little, you know, I make sure they played by themselves, you know, I wasn't always right there, you know, it seems like it's really popular now for parents to like almost manage their toddler's lives and I'm just like what happened to the good old days where you just, I mean you can't just send them off to play like you used to be able to, you know, it's not as safe and you know, you'll get child services
SPEAKER_L: Running
SPEAKER_R: called on you if you let him walk to the park, you know, But it's like, you know what happened to kids being able to entertain themselves, you know, back in the good old days, you left the house in the morning, came back when you heard your mom calling for supper.
SPEAKER_L: that's me. We'd leave link the house after breakfast if we didn't come home for lunch it was okay. And just what we heard mama calling supper. We were good. Really. We we uh rode around a little, oh it's not a big way, it's a small lake where we grew up on our bicycles and I was oh I guess 13. And my sister would have been nine and we decided to go right around this lake and I haven't seen us in like four hours because we had been riding and we'd stop and look at this frog, look at this bug. And we were having a ball and she finally got in the car and came driving looking for Oh
SPEAKER_R: like what happened to my Children? Yeah. You know, it seems like it used to be a lot simple. I have a friend and she's like, no, I don't think things were really simpler back then. You just didn't know about as much, you know, like now, you know, you've got all the technology, so as soon as a kid goes missing and you know, Canada everybody knows about it right away, you know, she's like, I think bad things happen just as much back then, but a lot of people just didn't know about it. I was like, I don't know, just seems like, you know, even 30 or 40 years ago, it would have been nicer, you know, just, I don't know, you're never as much modern conveniences, but sometimes I was in more trouble than they're worth.
SPEAKER_L: I so here you um I uh found a game for my grandkids christmas and teaches them programming. It's very elementary, it's designed for 3-6 year olds and if you stretch it you might could go to seven year old. But but it's just, it's so fascinating. Only problem was it took like 100 years for it to get here. I ordered it the first part of december and okay, I'm going to have plenty of time for it to get here. Well it came saturday. Yeah saturday and we have waited and waited and waited. It. They had promised it will be there the day before christmas. You know, it'll be their people so you can give it to you and coming from England of all places. Mhm. And then it was set for the 26 And then it was set through the 31st And then it was set for the 3rd and we finally got it Saturday. But it was worth the wait. It's so cool. It's it's a it's a little bear and you program the little car that it sits in to grow all over a map
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in. Program it with puzzle pieces and it's amazing. I know I was so tickled when you said you home school you go girl, I'm a teacher. I know it's hard, I need more hard and I just I have so much admiration for you. It is not
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: an
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: easy
SPEAKER_R: when they get a
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: little older,
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: seriously like mine, my kids have been, I don't know, I don't know if it's because I'm like, I'm drawing on my vast pool of having taught to hold Children, you know, So it's not like I'm an expert, but I started my oldest because he was starting to write letters by himself when he was three, he could find numbers like you say, Find song to 37 at church, you know, and he'd find it before we're ready to sing. And so I was like, okay, so I'm just gonna start him, he was four, he was going to be five in november, I think I started him in august and you know, by the end of his first year of school he was reading, you know, I made sure he kept it up over the summer and he's let me see, my oldest is seven and he's in second grade and my youngest is five, he turned five in july and he can read like, you know, little chapter books and that sort of thing, you know, and stuff. And I think if you start them earlier it seems like they learn so much quicker. I have a sister in law and she's got a Seven year old and he's in first grade and she is different curriculum to mine. It teaches them I think by less than 40. So you know what the 40th day they learned to read like cat in bat and stuff like that. Like they're reading almost you know as soon as possible in her curriculum. I was so shocked they don't teach them how to even write in kindergarten in that curriculum. I can't believe it and they don't teach them how to read. He's he's seven and he's I don't think she's quite halfway through the first grade but he can't even read yet. And I'm just and it's I think partly it's a curriculum and I think partly it seems like if you start them younger they learn they can absorb so much more you know and then it's
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: so much easier because like I can just open up their work
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: books, they can read their instructions and I don't have to sit there and read every single step out for them. You know my sister in law she's talking about how hard school is and I'm just going well yeah I mean if you have to sit there and read to them you teach them to read in your life is just like so much better. It's like you know you can just and they'll read books in the library, I'll come down there just sitting there and my oldest he reads like I did he just sits there any scowls at his book, he's really concentrating but They got like 050 some books in the library the last time we rent no read them all. They like the non fiction books. He was he was reading this stuff to me and he's like I picked out three books to take, he's like there's a series about Geronimo Stilton. It's a mouse thing anyhow. He had two of those you know just funny kids books and then he's like and I got I survived the bombing bombing of Pearl Harbor. I was like okay very taste. I don't
SPEAKER_L: Laurie
SPEAKER_R: know but they love he loves
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: his history and stuff and
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: god to learn and
SPEAKER_R: Oh I know.
SPEAKER_L: when you keep doing and they can get independently
SPEAKER_R: Oh I know.
SPEAKER_L: that it makes them intrinsically motivated learners and it's so important, it's so important.
SPEAKER_R: and I try to find like things like my oldest was interested in state so I got a state name and we did license plates and now we're holding we found everything we're holding out hope for Hawaii but I really doubt you know some billionaires going to fly his car over here you know and it's like, come on somebody in Hawaii, we found Alaska that was a great day. But I know it's like maybe there's a fleet of rental cars, you know, does anybody even used cars? How big are those islands anyhow? But
SPEAKER_L: I think on one of those little bingo games you have the little slide over, it's a little car car in the card game and they like to travel. They don't, they just do little day trips and stuff. It is like I want to play with your cell phone and I'm like, oh honey, this, it's, you know, and it's too small and it hurts their eyes if they do it too much. So I found these and I got, got a set for our car and then got a set for their mom's car. So now when we're riding in the car, they've got something to do that's not green. Oh my
SPEAKER_R: know my kids, I think I let them watch a video once when they were like two and three and it was a very long car, right? They were crying, I let them watch, I want a hippopotamus for christmas, but like we don't have a tv, they don't use our phones, they don't watch videos and like none of those, even the educational
SPEAKER_L: girl.
SPEAKER_R: ones and some of those the the characters and those have pretty rotten attitudes. It's like, I don't want you picking up any of that stuff, you talk to me that way you listen here, you know, So I don't, there's so many other things they can do.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Exactly. And we worked so hard to not have them in front of the screens all the time. I mean, they need, they need to get outside and dig in the dirt, I'm sorry, you know, but
SPEAKER_R: my love the dirt.
SPEAKER_L: mine too, from a little bitty, as soon as they could get up and get out, you know, we would go out in the yard, I garden and well we have a vegetable garden and I used to plant flowers to now, if it doesn't feed me, I don't water it good. Um We, we had no distortions that I had just planted along the door, outside our little bit, just right along the wall by our back door. And what was so hilarious, my nose is itching companies coming. Um Anyway, um I had just planted all these pretty little Masterson's and they got morning sun and it was a perfect spot. Well I had made pancakes one morning for breakfast and and oh, he loved pancakes. So when I just had one, this is the oldest point and he was always long and tall and he had just figured out that he could reach into the drawer where I had to, what can utensils. He put this, I love to watch their minds work. He had put my work the pancake flipper and the nastier shins. Now mommy planted the nasturtium, she used this thing that looks like a little shovel and she planted all the master. So he went and got the pancake cliff around and he was flipping my next job. Little pity and he was only I bet he was barely 18 months old
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: and he was just speaking to hold on to the door gym and step down step and he went out with the pancake flippers and he was slipping by then. But I'm or go to the bathroom doesn't
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I know. It's like you turn your back for 30 seconds. They can't pick up their room, but you know, they can manage to I said
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: test their hearing just say ice cream real quiet. No perk right up. But you know, you say clean the room and they say if you say something, you know, mm uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: They love you all this. Oh so funny though. So much fun.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so proud of you for doing that.
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Our next door neighbor. Yes, that is it's it's priceless. It would be obsolete or at this point I'm obsolete anyway. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: it's just, and then too, I mean we live in an area that has fairly good schools, but it's like there's so much violence. Their school shootings. There's a lot of you know, it just doesn't seem like there is good and definitely not as good as they used to be. But you know it just especially as they get older and stuff it just seems like so much, you know,
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: many problems could be solved if parents took more of an interest in raising their Children. You know anymore. You know both parents are working, the schools raise them, the babysitter is a daycare and then the kids get teenagers and people wonder why we have all these troubled you. They don't have anyone to talk to. You know, they don't really know their parents, they don't you know, it's a lot of work and it's not always very gratifying but you know it's like you had these kids, these are your responsibility. You know you didn't just you know it do something people. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Oh man. But it's just it's wonderful that you've done this really truly wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah my mom she home schooled us and then I think when I was nine I was like a Christian day school. Um She and my dad, my dad's a pastor so they moved you know to a church
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: and that had a christian day
SPEAKER_L: wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: school. So I know it's like there's a few smaller christian schools in our area but then the tuition is absolutely crazy you know? And so at this point especially it's like when they get a little older I'll see if he's you know it's because I am no good at algebra. That's the problem you know with home schooling your kids it's like you know you gotta but my husband does some, my dad's pretty good at algebra and geometry. He tried to hammer it into my head and didn't take and I've never used it, you know it's like yes but anyhow
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: but the curriculum I use
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: has like um has like you can do like online classes and stuff or you know it's like I can always get um a tutor or you know sometimes they can go into the public schools and just take like one class or something so it's like you know you've got a lot of options you know especially with home schooling is so much more popular than it was you know several years ago now there's a lot that you can pick from and not just you know. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I had both my boys and christian preschools. Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mom's dance programs. Yeah, it was wonderful. It was the best foundation they ever could have had and really good for them. But yeah, so there, but then they both turned out knock wood, they both turned out really wonderful men and her blessed just so blessed.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Mirek.
SPEAKER_R: like that's what you hope for for your kids you know because you look at so many and it seems like they're raised in really good families and then they just go wild you know and then some kids that you would expect, you know, that they don't have the best raising and then all of a sudden they just kind of boom, they settle down and you're just like, wait what happened? You know? But you just do the best you can.
SPEAKER_L: I was, yeah, it was wonderful. I got to take the boy that I was teaching and that was wonderful and so much fun. And my oldest would bring his trumpet and practice after school. Yeah and of course he had music class there at school. This is when The elementary schools went all the way up to 6th grade now I'm and they self I'm dating him when we would come up in practice after school in my room and and um then when our youngest came um he would I bring the place in that when I was sitting in a classroom and oh it was so they grew up with teacher mommy and they come and hang out in mom's classroom before
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: school. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: makes it really
SPEAKER_L: worked out, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I know, I thought
SPEAKER_L: I really,
SPEAKER_R: about, I'll go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no, you don't like it.
SPEAKER_R: obviously I thought about because my oldest will, both of them kind of, they're interested in the piano, but I don't know if they're like, you know, interested in actually putting forth the effort to learn if they just want to sit down and you know, play. But I was like I want to think about getting them lessons, but then it's almost like you have to buy a piano or rent one or something. And I told my husband I said I don't know if I can bear to listen to a practice for half an hour every day or not,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: might, they didn't have it when my boys were growing up, but now for annabelle, my granddaughter, um her folks got a little a small electric piano and it wasn't expensive and with the wonderful about it, you can plug headphones in.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh, that's a really good idea.
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: It's like just let mommy
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: listen to one song. Okay, you've got it, you're done. You know, go finish your last
SPEAKER_L: What I'd like to do it, she keeps playing, she she'll spend her 30 minutes of practice and then play for another half hour and yeah, she loves it.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: And because
SPEAKER_R: idea.
SPEAKER_L: headphones on it's not like Katie bar the door of course we got our own son drums believe it or not. He was actually turning trash cans over and using eggs from the backyard to drum from before he has to and so when he turned three we got him a real Caro sized traps it and it doesn't have a possible things but it has one symbol and it's got a high hat from tom and the big bass drum that he can do with his foot. And um my son was his heart Loves loves that one. Mommy raised him on Mozart the Beatles and led Zeppelin. But so he got some old blood Zeppelin music and Ethan can play along with the drumming and he does it and he's never had listen. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. I know
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: wonder
SPEAKER_R: like some kids just have a gift and then other ones it's like well, you know, they could learn, but I don't know if it's going to be worth the child's tribulations, you know, it's like
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: just.
SPEAKER_R: don't really enjoy it and you know sometimes it's hard to tell you know? But yeah wow,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: then you might really want to think about the they're really not terribly expensive.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: thinking
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: maybe like if I found a piano teacher that maybe they could recommend like a certain, you know because
SPEAKER_L: brand.
SPEAKER_R: I had got them a little tiny, just like a cheap one from walmart or something, a little tiny keyboard. But I didn't realize you can't push two keys at the same time and have them both make a sound that only makes only one key at a time
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: makes a sound so
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well with the keyboard that Annabelle has, each note is individual and like shit chords and and all that kind of stuff. But the best thing is being able to plug in the head side. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't even think about that I guess I'm kind of old.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: It's like
SPEAKER_L: we're kind of old here like
SPEAKER_R: you know what they say, old age is 10 years older, I'm 32 I used to think, you know 30. Oh that's oh then I was like it ain't more years, I'm gonna be 40. Oh you know, But
SPEAKER_L: you double it in some.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: said
SPEAKER_R: when I was like my mom cause she's gonna be 62 this year, I was like in eight more years, she's gonna be 70 it's like come on mom stay healthy, you know, it's like part of the sandwich generation where you're almost taking care of your parents and then you know you're raising your Children and we just found out like a month or now just a little bit over a week ago, she went in for a mammogram and then she had a biopsy and she has breast cancer. But they say that it's he said it's a good type of breast cancer. I was like, oh really?
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: But apparently
SPEAKER_L: then we
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: that means it's it's easily treated basically. But you know that's pretty much all we know. She used to go in for like three more doctor visits this week and I'm going to be going with her you know because my I live in the same town which is nice but you know she's not going to
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: think of the questions to ask my dad, he can't remember what the doctor says, the doctor will say something five minutes later my dad is like so what about this somewhere? Just like he just said you know, so it's like I'm trying to get you know somebody to watch the kids, my husband take off work a little early and stuff you know, so I can and it's like you know she's got chemo or anything, you know I'm going to be kind of you know taking care of her and you know she wasn't hungry of course because it was and she was she found a lump not long before christmas. So she had to wait till almost right before christmas to get the mammogram and a biopsy then she had to wait a week for the results you know? So it was just the waiting was really
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: killing
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: her you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: the worst week of your life.
SPEAKER_R: I know it seems like they could speed things up a little bit you know? But anyhow
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I suppose they especially you know like I said over the holidays it was christmas and New Year's and places were closed and stuff but you know so I was trying to take her over things to eat you know and do little stuff to help out and things and anyhow so she's she's pretty relieved now that she knows you know it's not it's not the absolute worst and she has a friend that had I guess the exact same type of cancer so she was able to talk to her and that was the help but it's just like you know it's like I mean she's the one that has cancer. I'm not trying to make this about me but it's like it's just overwhelming you know because you know you've got your kids to take care of, you got your parents to take care of. Its like if something happens to mom, you know dad, you know um he's not going to cook meals and stuff and it's just like I'm kind of a worst case scenario type of person anyhow. You know what they say, experts, you won't be disappointed you know? So I you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: know. Oh
SPEAKER_L: May I teach in our prayers?
SPEAKER_R: Oh sure she would appreciate it, I'm sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What? Bless her dear heart. Um My daughter in law. Mhm. And um in between the kids she had a carriage and they had to do a DNC and the doctor this doesn't look right. Yeah. Um They
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sent it off to be a biopsy and she um uterine cancer. It was a real virulent tripe And they got her whatever it is results back within a week. Then they went to the doctor's office to get the result. They started her on chemo the same day And she went every week for six months. Yeah and she got through it they get clear. Mhm. Uh They waited for a year and the doctor said if you want another baby she's She was six it was She was 36 when she had and the doctor said now is the time don't wait
SPEAKER_R: No. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: and weeks later she was pregnant.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's awesome. They didn't have to do like fertility treatment you know after all that it's like you know that's so nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and so he's our little miracle.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: And I know I know you think like I do but this is just what a gift this is. He. He dreamed my husband and I both dreamed about him. Therefore happy I dreamed that we were walking through the mall to go get my granddaughter her shoes for kindergarten because I just, something I've always done is get the kids shoes. And
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's me.
SPEAKER_L: uh we, we had, even in the stroller, it was on one side, here was Annabelle next to me and I was pushing Ethan in the stroller and well and behold there's five years between the kids and it was just the way it was in my dream and he's here and he's our little miracle
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh That's adorable.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm sorry, I'm going to cry,
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: husband knew his name. We were sitting, they, we have sunday dinner. We have for years and years and years and you know, it didn't even matter when the kids were growing up. I never knew how many were going to come for sunday dinner. And so we always cooked. But anyway, um, they all try and still come for sunday dinner if they don't have well now the kids are so old girl scout soccer for this and that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: you know all the, but anyway we were sitting there and yeah I'm pregnant and blah blah blah and and lee says well we're working on names and my husband looks at lee and said, but his name is Ethan and my husband goes, yeah, I know that's going to be his name and let me look like are you out of your mind? That was the name, that was at the top of the, at the top of the list verbally so yeah and it's wild
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: amazing.
SPEAKER_L: now you know my whole life history and my Children's history. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: that's so funny. Oh
SPEAKER_R: nah
SPEAKER_L: gosh no. Yeah, he's our little miracle truly
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: truly and I wasn't even supposed to be able to have kids. So if miracle truly truly a miracle,
SPEAKER_R: I know it's always a great blessing I'll I never had any trouble you know with mine but my pregnancies it was like so easy my friends you know they have this neck going wrong and I'm just like no I just got pregnant and then when it was time I delivered the baby and um I guess I'm really lucky.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you are so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: lucky. Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: know I mean I was a little I was like 25 and 27 I think made me so I mean I wasn't real young but I wasn't like my one friend, she was a little, she was only 31, I mean that's not old to have a kid anymore especially but you know they do say sometimes it's a little bit easier when you're younger so I don't know if that had anything to do with it, if I was just lucky but Just like I think my two are enough, I think I used to want like 12 when I was younger and then you know once I was never like around babies or little kids you know? So then I had a couple and my sister was kind of the same way, it was funny because she had to and we went to visit her and her youngest was only like maybe six months old and I was like she's like oh I want four kids, we're gonna have four kids and I'm like no I don't know, I said wait till they get old enough to start fighting with each other you know because it's wonderful. It is when they play with each other, it's like once they start you know, no this is my toy, you know and it sounds like you just wait a little bit c and the last time we went out her kids are like I think four and two or something like that. I mean I think they're little dears but the little girl she gets into everything and she scares her older brother
SPEAKER_L: I want it
SPEAKER_R: so I think it's a bear costume, she'll put it on and chase him and he'll run away screaming, he's two years older, don't matter, he's scared Anyhow. And she's like I think maybe two is enough. And then especially at home schooling, it's like no, I don't want to have a baby right now. I mean you know I'm doing school and then you know you're trying to So I think I think too is a lovely number really. My dad
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: likes to
SPEAKER_L: am
SPEAKER_R: tease about the boys having a little sister. I'm like yeah I'll be one of those peoples like seven boys and then you finally have a girl, you know, I'm like I'm not gonna do that, I'm not going to do
SPEAKER_L: One of my friends church is also our neighbor. She has three that are 2017 and 15. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the youngest is 15 and she has A three year old and an 18 month old
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness!
SPEAKER_L: five.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to start all over again, It's like
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: you're almost
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: done.
SPEAKER_L: you could not pay me
SPEAKER_R: No, no, it's like I've done, I told my husband and like if I got pregnant right now being in like six years onto my sentence. I mean you know I love my Children, I enjoy them. But you know I'm kind of like you know another 12 years or so we might be able to go on a trip just the two of us, you know? And it's like I don't want to stretch this out. You know his mom, she had seven kids, my husband's mom and I think her youngest was She got pregnant, she was like 45 or something and
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I was like I don't want to be you know retirement and my kid is just now leaving the house. It's like you know, I want to be, you know, I
SPEAKER_L: That's okay.
SPEAKER_R: couldn't do it and
SPEAKER_L: That's where we were our oldest operating from high school and we were retiring. I mean our younger yeah it was wild. It was it was wild. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I suppose they're worth it especially when you get the grandchildren, you know? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Work its way and world absolutely worth its weight in gold. I got to share something, hang on I'm not going away I'm just going to get yeah. Yeah I know I'm in a wheelchair.
SPEAKER_R: cops.
SPEAKER_L: Bad knees. Mhm. Yeah let's see if you can.
SPEAKER_R: On
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's the diamonds.
SPEAKER_R: they're adorable.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. We think so too.
SPEAKER_R: Mm So sweet.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Her babies. Oh but I need to Boogie I have an appointment doctor's appointment at 3:00 today.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I got to make sure I think my kids are still outside flying their kites. I can see it from the window in the backyard. Spence. Best investment we ever made. So you know they're locked in but um I'm just like they've been unattended for half an hour now. I need to go see if they're screaming at each other.
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: wrong, loves meeting
SPEAKER_R: it was,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: I know I was like oh d I wonder who I'm going to be stuck with. You know I was like 25 minutes come on people but it was lovely.
SPEAKER_L: You know what I was like how am I going to talk for 25
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: minutes
SPEAKER_R: know it's like they
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: didn't give us anything to talk about. What are we gonna say? Apparently when
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: put
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: two women together you don't have problems with that once they go
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Oh it's just in the mindful.
SPEAKER_R: it has
SPEAKER_L: I am
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: going to keep your mama and my prayers
SPEAKER_R: all right. Thanks
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: very much.
SPEAKER_L: you take good care and hug those precious babies for me. Just have a wonderful day in.
SPEAKER_R: I you too
SPEAKER_L: Thank you for being
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: take care.
SPEAKER_R: you. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: No bye. I now I don't know how to get out of this thing our tithing on.
SPEAKER_R: I think you might I think you're supposed to leave it up till you finish your other survey. I'm not positive. That's what I'm gonna do with
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: mine. We'll see
SPEAKER_L: Oh give it up you take care and have
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: day.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye. Uh huh It's like this Okay yep and then we press the button. Got it no issues. The quality is good. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. No. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Through. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Okay. What? Mhm. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Tom, mm. Yeah. What? Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah.