Hi, can you hear me
okay? I wasn't
Hi.
Yeah, I wasn't sure. Our mind was kind of fuzzed over. I wasn't sure if I was working or not.
Oh, pretty good. It's pretty chilly out here. My kids are eating their lunch so hopefully they don't come busted in here. I was like mommy is going to be busy. Stay away.
We'll see.
There are five and 7. Both boys. Yeah.
Oh yeah. There you go. Do you have grandkids?
yeah,
they say grandkids
are the reason
you have Children. Um
Yeah, I know. I tell my kids is like when you get older, you're going to have Children that act just like you. Oh no, mine are going to be good.
It's like I I don't think so. That's not the way it works. Oh.
Uh huh
he's a cutie. Oh, I know. So much more fun to play with your food than it is to actually eat it.
That's a tricky one for kids.
Oh, very handful. My youngest is like me when I was little, which my mom was probably like ha ha you know, but
I
home school them too, so I'm a stay at home mom and I home school, which means, you know, 24 7 Children, so you know, they're pretty self sufficient though. Like I even when they were little, you know, I make sure they played by themselves, you know, I wasn't always right there, you know, it seems like it's really popular now for parents to like almost manage their toddler's lives and I'm just like what happened to the good old days where you just, I mean you can't just send them off to play like you used to be able to, you know, it's not as safe and you know, you'll get child services
called on you if you let him walk to the park, you know, But it's like, you know what happened to kids being able to entertain themselves, you know, back in the good old days, you left the house in the morning, came back when you heard your mom calling for supper.
like what happened to my Children? Yeah. You know, it seems like it used to be a lot simple. I have a friend and she's like, no, I don't think things were really simpler back then. You just didn't know about as much, you know, like now, you know, you've got all the technology, so as soon as a kid goes missing and you know, Canada everybody knows about it right away, you know, she's like, I think bad things happen just as much back then, but a lot of people just didn't know about it. I was like, I don't know, just seems like, you know, even 30 or 40 years ago, it would have been nicer, you know, just, I don't know, you're never as much modern conveniences, but sometimes I was in more trouble than they're worth.
yeah.
We'll
see
when they get a
little older,
but
seriously like mine, my kids have been, I don't know, I don't know if it's because I'm like, I'm drawing on my vast pool of having taught to hold Children, you know, So it's not like I'm an expert, but I started my oldest because he was starting to write letters by himself when he was three, he could find numbers like you say, Find song to 37 at church, you know, and he'd find it before we're ready to sing. And so I was like, okay, so I'm just gonna start him, he was four, he was going to be five in november, I think I started him in august and you know, by the end of his first year of school he was reading, you know, I made sure he kept it up over the summer and he's let me see, my oldest is seven and he's in second grade and my youngest is five, he turned five in july and he can read like, you know, little chapter books and that sort of thing, you know, and stuff. And I think if you start them earlier it seems like they learn so much quicker. I have a sister in law and she's got a Seven year old and he's in first grade and she is different curriculum to mine. It teaches them I think by less than 40. So you know what the 40th day they learned to read like cat in bat and stuff like that. Like they're reading almost you know as soon as possible in her curriculum. I was so shocked they don't teach them how to even write in kindergarten in that curriculum. I can't believe it and they don't teach them how to read. He's he's seven and he's I don't think she's quite halfway through the first grade but he can't even read yet. And I'm just and it's I think partly it's a curriculum and I think partly it seems like if you start them younger they learn they can absorb so much more you know and then it's
so much easier because like I can just open up their work
books, they can read their instructions and I don't have to sit there and read every single step out for them. You know my sister in law she's talking about how hard school is and I'm just going well yeah I mean if you have to sit there and read to them you teach them to read in your life is just like so much better. It's like you know you can just and they'll read books in the library, I'll come down there just sitting there and my oldest he reads like I did he just sits there any scowls at his book, he's really concentrating but They got like 050 some books in the library the last time we rent no read them all. They like the non fiction books. He was he was reading this stuff to me and he's like I picked out three books to take, he's like there's a series about Geronimo Stilton. It's a mouse thing anyhow. He had two of those you know just funny kids books and then he's like and I got I survived the bombing bombing of Pearl Harbor. I was like okay very taste. I don't
know but they love he loves
his history and stuff and
just
Oh I know.
Oh I know.
and I try to find like things like my oldest was interested in state so I got a state name and we did license plates and now we're holding we found everything we're holding out hope for Hawaii but I really doubt you know some billionaires going to fly his car over here you know and it's like, come on somebody in Hawaii, we found Alaska that was a great day. But I know it's like maybe there's a fleet of rental cars, you know, does anybody even used cars? How big are those islands anyhow? But
know my kids, I think I let them watch a video once when they were like two and three and it was a very long car, right? They were crying, I let them watch, I want a hippopotamus for christmas, but like we don't have a tv, they don't use our phones, they don't watch videos and like none of those, even the educational
ones and some of those the the characters and those have pretty rotten attitudes. It's like, I don't want you picking up any of that stuff, you talk to me that way you listen here, you know, So I don't, there's so many other things they can do.
my love the dirt.
boy.
Oh, I know. It's like you turn your back for 30 seconds. They can't pick up their room, but you know, they can manage to I said
test their hearing just say ice cream real quiet. No perk right up. But you know, you say clean the room and they say if you say something, you know, mm uh huh.
I know.
thanks.
it's just, and then too, I mean we live in an area that has fairly good schools, but it's like there's so much violence. Their school shootings. There's a lot of you know, it just doesn't seem like there is good and definitely not as good as they used to be. But you know it just especially as they get older and stuff it just seems like so much, you know,
so
many problems could be solved if parents took more of an interest in raising their Children. You know anymore. You know both parents are working, the schools raise them, the babysitter is a daycare and then the kids get teenagers and people wonder why we have all these troubled you. They don't have anyone to talk to. You know, they don't really know their parents, they don't you know, it's a lot of work and it's not always very gratifying but you know it's like you had these kids, these are your responsibility. You know you didn't just you know it do something people. Oh
Yeah my mom she home schooled us and then I think when I was nine I was like a Christian day school. Um She and my dad, my dad's a pastor so they moved you know to a church
and that had a christian day
school. So I know it's like there's a few smaller christian schools in our area but then the tuition is absolutely crazy you know? And so at this point especially it's like when they get a little older I'll see if he's you know it's because I am no good at algebra. That's the problem you know with home schooling your kids it's like you know you gotta but my husband does some, my dad's pretty good at algebra and geometry. He tried to hammer it into my head and didn't take and I've never used it, you know it's like yes but anyhow
so
we'll
see
but the curriculum I use
has like um has like you can do like online classes and stuff or you know it's like I can always get um a tutor or you know sometimes they can go into the public schools and just take like one class or something so it's like you know you've got a lot of options you know especially with home schooling is so much more popular than it was you know several years ago now there's a lot that you can pick from and not just you know. Okay.
yeah.
I
know
it's
like that's what you hope for for your kids you know because you look at so many and it seems like they're raised in really good families and then they just go wild you know and then some kids that you would expect, you know, that they don't have the best raising and then all of a sudden they just kind of boom, they settle down and you're just like, wait what happened? You know? But you just do the best you can.
Oh, that's nice.
that
makes it really
I know, I thought
about, I'll go ahead.
obviously I thought about because my oldest will, both of them kind of, they're interested in the piano, but I don't know if they're like, you know, interested in actually putting forth the effort to learn if they just want to sit down and you know, play. But I was like I want to think about getting them lessons, but then it's almost like you have to buy a piano or rent one or something. And I told my husband I said I don't know if I can bear to listen to a practice for half an hour every day or not,
but
Ooh, that's a really good idea.
It's like just let mommy
listen to one song. Okay, you've got it, you're done. You know, go finish your last
that's
idea.
Oh wow. I know
it's
like some kids just have a gift and then other ones it's like well, you know, they could learn, but I don't know if it's going to be worth the child's tribulations, you know, it's like
if
they
don't really enjoy it and you know sometimes it's hard to tell you know? But yeah wow,
that's amazing.
I
know,
I was
thinking
maybe like if I found a piano teacher that maybe they could recommend like a certain, you know because
I had got them a little tiny, just like a cheap one from walmart or something, a little tiny keyboard. But I didn't realize you can't push two keys at the same time and have them both make a sound that only makes only one key at a time
makes a sound so
I didn't even think about that I guess I'm kind of old.
It's like
you know what they say, old age is 10 years older, I'm 32 I used to think, you know 30. Oh that's oh then I was like it ain't more years, I'm gonna be 40. Oh you know, But
I
know
when I was like my mom cause she's gonna be 62 this year, I was like in eight more years, she's gonna be 70 it's like come on mom stay healthy, you know, it's like part of the sandwich generation where you're almost taking care of your parents and then you know you're raising your Children and we just found out like a month or now just a little bit over a week ago, she went in for a mammogram and then she had a biopsy and she has breast cancer. But they say that it's he said it's a good type of breast cancer. I was like, oh really?
But apparently
you know
that means it's it's easily treated basically. But you know that's pretty much all we know. She used to go in for like three more doctor visits this week and I'm going to be going with her you know because my I live in the same town which is nice but you know she's not going to
think of the questions to ask my dad, he can't remember what the doctor says, the doctor will say something five minutes later my dad is like so what about this somewhere? Just like he just said you know, so it's like I'm trying to get you know somebody to watch the kids, my husband take off work a little early and stuff you know, so I can and it's like you know she's got chemo or anything, you know I'm going to be kind of you know taking care of her and you know she wasn't hungry of course because it was and she was she found a lump not long before christmas. So she had to wait till almost right before christmas to get the mammogram and a biopsy then she had to wait a week for the results you know? So it was just the waiting was really
killing
her you
know.
I know it seems like they could speed things up a little bit you know? But anyhow
I suppose they especially you know like I said over the holidays it was christmas and New Year's and places were closed and stuff but you know so I was trying to take her over things to eat you know and do little stuff to help out and things and anyhow so she's she's pretty relieved now that she knows you know it's not it's not the absolute worst and she has a friend that had I guess the exact same type of cancer so she was able to talk to her and that was the help but it's just like you know it's like I mean she's the one that has cancer. I'm not trying to make this about me but it's like it's just overwhelming you know because you know you've got your kids to take care of, you got your parents to take care of. Its like if something happens to mom, you know dad, you know um he's not going to cook meals and stuff and it's just like I'm kind of a worst case scenario type of person anyhow. You know what they say, experts, you won't be disappointed you know? So I you
know. Oh
Oh sure she would appreciate it, I'm sure. Yeah.
Yeah.
No. Uh huh.
Well that's awesome. They didn't have to do like fertility treatment you know after all that it's like you know that's so nice.
I
yeah that's me.
Uh huh That's adorable.
Oh you're
fine.
I
know
Yeah it's
amazing.
Oh
nah
or
I know it's always a great blessing I'll I never had any trouble you know with mine but my pregnancies it was like so easy my friends you know they have this neck going wrong and I'm just like no I just got pregnant and then when it was time I delivered the baby and um I guess I'm really lucky.
I
know I mean I was a little I was like 25 and 27 I think made me so I mean I wasn't real young but I wasn't like my one friend, she was a little, she was only 31, I mean that's not old to have a kid anymore especially but you know they do say sometimes it's a little bit easier when you're younger so I don't know if that had anything to do with it, if I was just lucky but Just like I think my two are enough, I think I used to want like 12 when I was younger and then you know once I was never like around babies or little kids you know? So then I had a couple and my sister was kind of the same way, it was funny because she had to and we went to visit her and her youngest was only like maybe six months old and I was like she's like oh I want four kids, we're gonna have four kids and I'm like no I don't know, I said wait till they get old enough to start fighting with each other you know because it's wonderful. It is when they play with each other, it's like once they start you know, no this is my toy, you know and it sounds like you just wait a little bit c and the last time we went out her kids are like I think four and two or something like that. I mean I think they're little dears but the little girl she gets into everything and she scares her older brother
so I think it's a bear costume, she'll put it on and chase him and he'll run away screaming, he's two years older, don't matter, he's scared Anyhow. And she's like I think maybe two is enough. And then especially at home schooling, it's like no, I don't want to have a baby right now. I mean you know I'm doing school and then you know you're trying to So I think I think too is a lovely number really. My dad
likes to
tease about the boys having a little sister. I'm like yeah I'll be one of those peoples like seven boys and then you finally have a girl, you know, I'm like I'm not gonna do that, I'm not going to do
Who?
Oh my goodness!
I don't think I
you have
to start all over again, It's like
you're almost
done.
No, no, it's like I've done, I told my husband and like if I got pregnant right now being in like six years onto my sentence. I mean you know I love my Children, I enjoy them. But you know I'm kind of like you know another 12 years or so we might be able to go on a trip just the two of us, you know? And it's like I don't want to stretch this out. You know his mom, she had seven kids, my husband's mom and I think her youngest was She got pregnant, she was like 45 or something and
I was like I don't want to be you know retirement and my kid is just now leaving the house. It's like you know, I want to be, you know, I
couldn't do it and
I suppose they're worth it especially when you get the grandchildren, you know? Oh
cops.
On
they're adorable.
Mm So sweet.
Yeah. And I got to make sure I think my kids are still outside flying their kites. I can see it from the window in the backyard. Spence. Best investment we ever made. So you know they're locked in but um I'm just like they've been unattended for half an hour now. I need to go see if they're screaming at each other.
So
it was,
I know I was like oh d I wonder who I'm going to be stuck with. You know I was like 25 minutes come on people but it was lovely.
I
know it's like they
didn't give us anything to talk about. What are we gonna say? Apparently when
you
put
two women together you don't have problems with that once they go
it has
been
all right. Thanks
very much.
I you too
thank
you. Bye.
I think you might I think you're supposed to leave it up till you finish your other survey. I'm not positive. That's what I'm gonna do with
mine. We'll see
you too.
You too.
Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. No. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Through. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Okay. What? Mhm. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Tom, mm. Yeah. What? Uh huh. Mm hmm. Yeah.