Uh huh. What next? In Puerto rico? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah wow. No. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay wow. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. National. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi there. I sure can. Hi.
No I
didn't see your people just now.
Yeah. Hi there, how you doing?
Well
I'm a great piece, so minor groans on how old are your kid is?
I have two boys uh Yeah now they're 40 and 30.
Yeah. Yeah I've got to Um
a girl 10 and a boy six
just look
up.
it's so much fun, I love being a granny.
That's funny.
wow. Yeah
it's it's funny. Um My kids were so funny when they were growing up. Uh huh. Um I found sunday I I do genealogy and sunday I came across a picture of my youngest with this spaghetti bowl upside down on his head. Mhm. Rice Liss. And I'm trying to I'm trying to find the one that matches. I know that sounds crazy but I have one of our oldest when he was about 18 months old. Pretty much the same age and well here I'll share uh ha ha with you now you got to keep in mind this is done 30 years ago. This is so funny but kids are so bright. Um This wasn't a spaghetti bowl, he just got it all in his head. Let me see if you can. Mm.
Oh yeah and of course neither one of them could say spaghetti and uh yeah.
Yes I had pus getty and sketchy and I mean every name under the sun other than spaghetti and we worked and worked and they loved it and with just the plain noodles. So what are your kid? I was like
you're going to
get
Running
that's me. We'd leave link the house after breakfast if we didn't come home for lunch it was okay. And just what we heard mama calling supper. We were good. Really. We we uh rode around a little, oh it's not a big way, it's a small lake where we grew up on our bicycles and I was oh I guess 13. And my sister would have been nine and we decided to go right around this lake and I haven't seen us in like four hours because we had been riding and we'd stop and look at this frog, look at this bug. And we were having a ball and she finally got in the car and came driving looking for Oh
I so here you um I uh found a game for my grandkids christmas and teaches them programming. It's very elementary, it's designed for 3-6 year olds and if you stretch it you might could go to seven year old. But but it's just, it's so fascinating. Only problem was it took like 100 years for it to get here. I ordered it the first part of december and okay, I'm going to have plenty of time for it to get here. Well it came saturday. Yeah saturday and we have waited and waited and waited. It. They had promised it will be there the day before christmas. You know, it'll be their people so you can give it to you and coming from England of all places. Mhm. And then it was set for the 26 And then it was set through the 31st And then it was set for the 3rd and we finally got it Saturday. But it was worth the wait. It's so cool. It's it's a it's a little bear and you program the little car that it sits in to grow all over a map
in. Program it with puzzle pieces and it's amazing. I know I was so tickled when you said you home school you go girl, I'm a teacher. I know it's hard, I need more hard and I just I have so much admiration for you. It is not
an
easy
thing
to
do.
They
What?
Laurie
that
thank
god to learn and
when you keep doing and they can get independently
that it makes them intrinsically motivated learners and it's so important, it's so important.
I think on one of those little bingo games you have the little slide over, it's a little car car in the card game and they like to travel. They don't, they just do little day trips and stuff. It is like I want to play with your cell phone and I'm like, oh honey, this, it's, you know, and it's too small and it hurts their eyes if they do it too much. So I found these and I got, got a set for our car and then got a set for their mom's car. So now when we're riding in the car, they've got something to do that's not green. Oh my
girl.
exactly. Exactly. And we worked so hard to not have them in front of the screens all the time. I mean, they need, they need to get outside and dig in the dirt, I'm sorry, you know, but
mine too, from a little bitty, as soon as they could get up and get out, you know, we would go out in the yard, I garden and well we have a vegetable garden and I used to plant flowers to now, if it doesn't feed me, I don't water it good. Um We, we had no distortions that I had just planted along the door, outside our little bit, just right along the wall by our back door. And what was so hilarious, my nose is itching companies coming. Um Anyway, um I had just planted all these pretty little Masterson's and they got morning sun and it was a perfect spot. Well I had made pancakes one morning for breakfast and and oh, he loved pancakes. So when I just had one, this is the oldest point and he was always long and tall and he had just figured out that he could reach into the drawer where I had to, what can utensils. He put this, I love to watch their minds work. He had put my work the pancake flipper and the nastier shins. Now mommy planted the nasturtium, she used this thing that looks like a little shovel and she planted all the master. So he went and got the pancake cliff around and he was flipping my next job. Little pity and he was only I bet he was barely 18 months old
and he was just speaking to hold on to the door gym and step down step and he went out with the pancake flippers and he was slipping by then. But I'm or go to the bathroom doesn't
Good.
They love you all this. Oh so funny though. So much fun.
I'm so proud of you for doing that.
Our next door neighbor. Yes, that is it's it's priceless. It would be obsolete or at this point I'm obsolete anyway. Oh,
can
happen.
Yeah. Exactly. Oh man. But it's just it's wonderful that you've done this really truly wonderful.
How
wonderful.
I was
what
it
was,
was,
I had both my boys and christian preschools. Um
mom's dance programs. Yeah, it was wonderful. It was the best foundation they ever could have had and really good for them. But yeah, so there, but then they both turned out knock wood, they both turned out really wonderful men and her blessed just so blessed.
It's
pretty
Mirek.
I was, yeah, it was wonderful. I got to take the boy that I was teaching and that was wonderful and so much fun. And my oldest would bring his trumpet and practice after school. Yeah and of course he had music class there at school. This is when The elementary schools went all the way up to 6th grade now I'm and they self I'm dating him when we would come up in practice after school in my room and and um then when our youngest came um he would I bring the place in that when I was sitting in a classroom and oh it was so they grew up with teacher mommy and they come and hang out in mom's classroom before
school. Yeah,
it
worked out, yeah,
I really,
no, no, no, you don't like it.
What
might, they didn't have it when my boys were growing up, but now for annabelle, my granddaughter, um her folks got a little a small electric piano and it wasn't expensive and with the wonderful about it, you can plug headphones in.
she's
like
What I'd like to do it, she keeps playing, she she'll spend her 30 minutes of practice and then play for another half hour and yeah, she loves it.
And because
headphones on it's not like Katie bar the door of course we got our own son drums believe it or not. He was actually turning trash cans over and using eggs from the backyard to drum from before he has to and so when he turned three we got him a real Caro sized traps it and it doesn't have a possible things but it has one symbol and it's got a high hat from tom and the big bass drum that he can do with his foot. And um my son was his heart Loves loves that one. Mommy raised him on Mozart the Beatles and led Zeppelin. But so he got some old blood Zeppelin music and Ethan can play along with the drumming and he does it and he's never had listen. So
we
wonder
so
we
just.
Well
then you might really want to think about the they're really not terribly expensive.
I've
seen
them
like
brand.
I think
yeah. Well with the keyboard that Annabelle has, each note is individual and like shit chords and and all that kind of stuff. But the best thing is being able to plug in the head side. Okay.
No
we're kind of old here like
you double it in some.
I
said
well
then we
just
Who?
that
was
that's
the worst week of your life.
No.
What?
May I teach in our prayers?
What? Bless her dear heart. Um My daughter in law. Mhm. And um in between the kids she had a carriage and they had to do a DNC and the doctor this doesn't look right. Yeah. Um They
sent it off to be a biopsy and she um uterine cancer. It was a real virulent tripe And they got her whatever it is results back within a week. Then they went to the doctor's office to get the result. They started her on chemo the same day And she went every week for six months. Yeah and she got through it they get clear. Mhm. Uh They waited for a year and the doctor said if you want another baby she's She was six it was She was 36 when she had and the doctor said now is the time don't wait
and weeks later she was pregnant.
Yeah and so he's our little miracle.
And I know I know you think like I do but this is just what a gift this is. He. He dreamed my husband and I both dreamed about him. Therefore happy I dreamed that we were walking through the mall to go get my granddaughter her shoes for kindergarten because I just, something I've always done is get the kids shoes. And
uh we, we had, even in the stroller, it was on one side, here was Annabelle next to me and I was pushing Ethan in the stroller and well and behold there's five years between the kids and it was just the way it was in my dream and he's here and he's our little miracle
and I'm sorry, I'm going to cry,
my
husband knew his name. We were sitting, they, we have sunday dinner. We have for years and years and years and you know, it didn't even matter when the kids were growing up. I never knew how many were going to come for sunday dinner. And so we always cooked. But anyway, um, they all try and still come for sunday dinner if they don't have well now the kids are so old girl scout soccer for this and that
and
you know all the, but anyway we were sitting there and yeah I'm pregnant and blah blah blah and and lee says well we're working on names and my husband looks at lee and said, but his name is Ethan and my husband goes, yeah, I know that's going to be his name and let me look like are you out of your mind? That was the name, that was at the top of the, at the top of the list verbally so yeah and it's wild
and
now you know my whole life history and my Children's history. Oh
that's so funny. Oh
gosh no. Yeah, he's our little miracle truly
truly and I wasn't even supposed to be able to have kids. So if miracle truly truly a miracle,
Oh you are so
lucky. Oh my gosh.
I want it
I
am
One of my friends church is also our neighbor. She has three that are 2017 and 15. Yeah.
Yeah the youngest is 15 and she has A three year old and an 18 month old
five.
And
I
we
do
you could not pay me
what?
That's okay.
That's where we were our oldest operating from high school and we were retiring. I mean our younger yeah it was wild. It was it was wild. Yeah.
Work its way and world absolutely worth its weight in gold. I got to share something, hang on I'm not going away I'm just going to get yeah. Yeah I know I'm in a wheelchair.
Bad knees. Mhm. Yeah let's see if you can.
Yeah there's the diamonds.
Thank you. We think so too.
Yes. Her babies. Oh but I need to Boogie I have an appointment doctor's appointment at 3:00 today.
it was
wrong, loves meeting
you.
You know what I was like how am I going to talk for 25
minutes
but
and
don't
think
Okay. Yeah. Oh it's just in the mindful.
I am
going to keep your mama and my prayers
my
you take good care and hug those precious babies for me. Just have a wonderful day in.
Thank you for being
take care.
No bye. I now I don't know how to get out of this thing our tithing on.
What?
Oh give it up you take care and have
day.
Goodbye. Uh huh It's like this Okay yep and then we press the button. Got it no issues. The quality is good. Yeah. Okay.
Okay.