Yeah. Oh, I love it.
How are you? Mm
Won't break you today.
Yeah, I know. It's a struggle.
Are you working from home or do you actually have to go to work?
That's not so bad. Right.
What
women? What about it? Uh
Kind of sort of but I'm more in school right now. I'm in graduate school.
it has, yes, the semester has started. Uh But yeah, so it's mostly virtual learning, you know, these days because of the virus. So it's not bad I guess. Yeah.
Um So I am a PhD student, so I'm currently I'm done with my class work, so I'm just working on my dissertation right now. Uh for this semester I'm working to defend my proposal. Yeah.
Please don't ask. Uh huh.
Great.
No.
Yeah, it's more people because a lot of people ask me. Okay, so you're doing a PhD. Oh, do you think? No, don't do it.
Don
burn
in.
I mean
so I'm in public administration so it's basically social social science and my field is policy analysis and program management. So yeah it's uh it's uh. Mhm.
Yeah I have. So um i in the so I've done some like nonprofit work with organizations
like that and then um government work. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh all the way in the south in Alabama.
Very far away. Um But I was in D. C. Two years ago I had a couple of difference and
yeah and yeah. Oh okay. Are
you
like you see have you been to the south at all? Yeah.
is is large. It's very big. Yeah bigger city than definitely bigger estate than Alabama. Yeah. Yeah.
Do not come to Alabama.
Yeah the bible belt state so yeah there's really not much going on over here. Yes
so
we're
in decent
are
you
are you are you into politics or you're in the government?
No you know D. C. S where um like you know. Yeah I heard a lot of like I'm supposed to be indecent with my field because a lot of propelled. Yeah
I'm supposed to be indecent. Not in Alabama so.
and
I mean if I get a good job I'm very flexible about
movie so. Yes.
No they
could.
the place.
much. Yeah
I'm terrible at math so I don't know myself and the sciences you know so. Yeah
Yeah. Well um undergrad then. I did my masters then. Uh Yeah so
no
all social sciences and um then I'm doing my PhD now so. Yeah it's been a ride.
right. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Like I guess it I guess it's everywhere now and well some people are just not still not taking it seriously and so you know, it's just like, I mean, come on people by now, you should know that this thing is real. Come on, stop burying your heads under the sand.
They're encouraged.
Yeah. But I think they are they enforced actually everywhere I go. Most places that I go, I try not to go out a lot, but most places that I go, yeah, everybody seems to be wearing a mask, so that's good. Yeah.
it was crazy. Still is a little crazy, but it's better now I guess. Oh.
And I think with the, was that the World Health Organization released a statement saying that they hope That in the next two years it would be gone two years. No, it needs to be gone by like october
Yeah, I know, it was like two years, right.
His problems. Hopefully you for
a few years what I'm like, I can't be wearing a mask for the next two years. I mean I don't mind it but it's annoying but I don't mind it, but it's annoying.
Little
book.
definitely.
I don't even do it for myself. It's like for others, I want everybody around me to feel as comfortable as possible. So yeah, because I don't go out much so I don't really interact with a lot of people, but when I do go out I don't want anybody to be, you know, like what? So everybody should be safe and yeah, drink important
and I and
I have
older parents so I don't want them to having to deal with some irresponsible person not wearing a mask for them, so you know. Yeah.
I think there's a culture of selfishness that has crept its head into the american society and instead of going doing it just for the benefit of the general public, everybody wants to oh it's my right, it's my right to do whatever. Keep my right, don't force me plague chill. It's just a mask. You can wear it for like 10 minutes while you're I'll go back in your car and go back to your house, no care what you do in your house, it's just chill and so many selfish people out there. I can't stand it. Yeah. Uh huh
You
agent.
thank
you.
um My sister was on social media the other yesterday actually, she's like, oh my God, look at all these people at the party and nobody is wearing a mask and I'm like looking nobody was wearing a mask and like 30 people there, I was like people still this coolest until today, come on. Uh Oh uber annoying,
this is actually my second time. Yeah.
um let me ask you where you're from originally,
no I'm from West africa actually um
year,
I want to see it. Mhm
It depends on the elections. Good,
no I'm not eligible to vote right now so yeah but uh
It's
hard to hold
in 19 BC though. Yeah.
that
first
chair,
that's first there, yeah,
no
of course not, nobody's perfect,
it's definitely not perfect, especially when you come down to politics. Oh my gosh, politics is hitting a lot to bend down and get well it's,
Well right
you're
very you're very right. That's absolutely true. It is
Well how are you liking D. C. Though?
Of course
cold
out there?
and
I
think that
you're using. Yes. Very cool. Yeah.
Okay.
and
very very hard right now. Let me show you what is it
It's gonna be great. Oh hi.
Mhm. Okay.
No it depends on the days. Yeah sometimes it is but um like I'm in Montgomery so we're not very far from um where far from any like beaches or anything but if you want to go to the beach and you start driving down towards the orange beach it starts to get a lot more humid hot. Yeah but we're close to Atlanta so it's kind of dryer. Yeah.
Very topical. I live we
prefer
the humid heat than the dry heat. Yeah I do I prefer that kind of weather to the very dry heat because
I tend
to get allergies so when it's dry.
I don't mind it if it's hot and humid. I actually like that so. Uh huh.
So do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing?
Outdoors let's say rock thing. Thank you.
I
I
don't like being outside.
I'm not like you or anything. I don't know I watch T. V. A lot. Um uh
got a lot of series. Um
wow. Which I just watching The Witcher.
that's very good. And then um before I watched that I re watched The Office the US version of the UK version.
Yeah I have it's short, much shorter. I think it just has like three seasons with Yeah I watched the UK version. I've seen it before.
Well I want to say the US only because it has a lot more seasoned and more episodes so the story um it gets time to develop right. The storyline have a lot of time to develop. But yeah. Uh um But I mean it's got the idea from the UK version. So
you
should
I
love
it.
Oh you should. I mean some people some of my friends like I can I have the patience I can sit down and watch
but yes
right. But some of my friends they can barely sit in our 30 minutes to watch one movie. So you know some people I understand that some people are not their concentration level isn't you know spanned the concentration span isn't so
pro well for tv show like that so if you're not one of those people that doesn't really enjoy T. V. Shows prolong You might
not like it because it's like I think they have like 11 seasons.
it's a
lot.
probably
like a year
or something.
I
want
What?
Okay
what season are you on?
Okay.
I love Superstorm mateo is my favorite character. He's
going
Oh yeah yeah that's true.
I didn't even make the connection. You're right. That is. Oh
yeah.
that's cool. Yeah I love the store I love the store.
even uniforms look like the walmart vest
I
want Super Story they're they're out of season now but I have one you know the last episode so I'm just waiting for the next season to come. I love Superstore.
No.
hold
on I can check. Let me see. Oh yeah it's about 25 minutes. How long are we supposed to stay on this thing?
I think it's we're good. Um Well do you like to cook or do you enjoy doing anything else?
Rice,
elaborate
meals? Yeah,
I got you.
Um I don't enjoy it but I do it. I have to yeah you know
I think there's some people that like enjoy cooking. You
know some people enjoy it. I don't particularly enjoy it but I have to do it because yeah,
I
have
peaks
other woman and enjoy it. But I need to eat to be alive.
smoke or
anything.
you
too.
To stay safe. Be well. Okay take care of yourself.
Bye.