Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay, mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh
hi.
How are you?
I'm good uh Yeah. Doing I am just trying to really to relax uh today uh tomorrow start of the work again. So
yeah. But I mean it's still a good thing for me that they do have work. Um it's kind of crazy times and not and I'm grateful.
I'm working from home right now.
Well um I've been doing it for a while now and it's kind of hard to separate, you know, work life and personal
life sometimes.
you doing the same thing? Are you working?
Oh you're you're studying? Okay. Yeah. Did it start menu?
And all your process are online?
How is it?
Of when I when I graduated from college, I also had that, you know, um had that decision whether you know, to pursue like graduate
study studies and
and then I said I'll try to do work sometimes and then when I was working well I don't need probably don't need further say.
So
if you don't
mind
my asking maybe which field are you in or what
are your first moving?
have you like being with the industry like have you tried working for some time to just feel the what what's out there? What? Right. What?
Shots.
That's that's cool. Okay. So sorry, where are you based? And I'm in Washington Seattle.
Oh wow, nice. Okay, that's true.
Are you leaving?
And
you're right.
No, I mean I've been to California and texas but I mean I'm not Yeah that's only the States have been too soon. Yeah.
Yeah.
Why not? I mean is there was there I mean aren't there anything to see their or do Ellen?
maybe you know once in my life I guess just to
drive up
drive,
drive
down
there.
Not really. What is Alabama like?
you should.
So you're planning to move I mean sometimes
two or after you graduate I guess.
All
Yeah.
I
think there's a lot a lot here I guess. Yeah. I think it yeah in line with your field is your like um public
public policy governing right or program? Yeah. Yeah. So what's your undergraduate course? All Communications and are you really like interested with um social sciences? That's
No.
what's your, did you did you need to take um graduate studies first before your PhD course or?
in your
masters is also have a public policy. Yeah.
And howard, how is like the covid there in Alabama?
What?
Mhm. Okay. Are like masks in forest now or
encourage?
think that's Yeah. But he it is really. I mean the initial mean like back in March people are treated interesting you guys and Yeah.
Yeah. Well hopefully we would be able to recover it. I mean there's a lot of unemployment they mean.
You're that hopeful.
Yeah. So my expectation is kind of like probably Q one of next year we would have that vaccine. But I don't know if you do have enough supply. So I guess it would probably extent acutely. Well, that's my my expectation. Yeah.
Hopefully.
It's in the Hitler. Yeah. But you know, at least we're trying to be safe right for ourselves
and
for others and it's
not just for you I guess.
And cleaner
own
part.
I agree. Yeah. But I think there are a lot of you know different folks here in the U. S. I mean different takes on what's happening and it's really hard but it's kind of it's kind of funny because um but interesting that you know other countries are able to manage to convince em in the there there. I don't know.
Yeah. So I think it's that the culture I guess I mean right I think and
one thing I think is the data privacy we don't like like contact tracing I guess. And um I think unlike in asian countries they they have that strict um contact situation that they're doing
and so they were able to contain I guess and they do have
lockdowns
right? I mean like they close their borders and like us that you have that you know international and domestic flights. Well it's probably because of the economy but I don't know. Yeah there's a lot I guess.
So have you been doing this um chats first of that any day?
Yeah. So yeah this is my third time and definitely um I find it nice because you know you get to talk to someone I mean other than I mean someone you know I guess and and then have their I mean talk about anything right? And so it's crazy right now that um yeah the pandemic and somehow it helps me I guess not think about too much negative. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I I moved here um 2 3 years back I grew up in the Philippines. Um Yeah so I am guessing you're born and raised here.
but how how how long have you been here? Find
me?
And how you and your pursuing like further studies? That's cool. Are you going back or?
are you going to vote?
It's
the best
like.
I think it's yeah I would agreement like the country she relayed I think I believe in the leader. I mean it's kind of it is a power I mean let uh it's rule in leading the country. It's really um it has a massive effect on how the country's leading to right? I mean how is it moving forward and if if you don't have like a good leader um are you doing you don't have
good
qualities
and. Yeah. Yeah I've seen I've seen I've seen enough I guess but
I know I think I understand that there's really no perfect leader but you know
there
good.
Well but I think looking at the U. S. History and I think other history I mean like other countries says but I mean sometimes the country is moving forward or like um growing if they really have a good leader that you know helps the party girl. Yeah
so yeah it depends
on who is it.
you know
um mm. I know um might might move to other states I guess. Um My my work is actually um my some of my families are here but I that I'm working for a company that's actually based in Minnesota. So
I feel yeah what what's
your take on?
so it's like they have like six months of winter. I'm kidding
I'm
joking
with.
um
yeah I flew back and forth um most of the time but now I'm basically working from home because what's going on. But anyway yeah I was there I think last um february um there was like a winter storm and so so how is the weather in Alabama? Is it like um
it doesn't Mhm. I
Is it you've been there?
okay. So
you mean hot all
I see. So in the Philippines it's the weather there is like wet and dry but the drier the hot the hot tea set is like you very you need if you release it.
I don't actually do it like
that
then
what?
I see. Yeah
yeah yeah
uh usually a um hype or um go outdoors run
enjoy doing some of that with my friends.
Um How you
doing?
Okay. So what what are you doing? I mean for your free time don't say study books or any books. Okay.
Like series? Uh huh.
Past. So what's your what's the favorite what's your favorite latest series that you watched?
Oh In Ethics, is that it? Is that okay? Mhm.
Uh huh. But have you watched the UK version?
We think we just better though the U. S. Or the UK.
Actually
you've been meaning to watch the the office. I mean some of my friends recommended
that but
I
haven't
haven't really started
like
Okay.
So
What?
Oh it's fine. I think I can do it. It's just
probably
may take me a while. I wouldn't be like sitting whole day to
watch
you
watch a season. So probably usually I do watch some, I watched like superstore whenever I'm folding my
clothes
after, after I do my lunch and then folding my clothes
I'm cleaning, I'm just, you know, watching something there and yeah, so
what I'm doing right now, a superstore. Yeah.
I hate that the last time already. But yeah,
probably a year like this, but I just do my tv time and doing some of those like things like holding my clothes.
so my
idea is from the Philippines or yeah, I could relieve. Yeah, and
I I think he did have a a few lines in in our language that's kind of uh
yeah,
so it actually made some news like, like one news article back in the Philippines. Oh there was this um segment in uh tv show in the in the US that you know, they use the language and
It's it's kind of funny the way they like I had had to see that like um Yeah. Uh huh. Spoof um walmart right? Like there
great. Yeah, gather living in your, when I go out and do my grocery in the longer it and uh it takes you were
starting.
Okay. Mhm. So you think
we're dying were good or I didn't
know.
25 minutes a thing.
Uh Usually I don't think cook very I mean very well. I do simple stuff like fire
but not really. Um a
lot late complex.
Uh huh.
Why do you do you love cooking?
You do it in Jack. Okay.
I have a face like that.
agree. Yeah. I think I think we're on the same page. Yeah.
I do it because I
need to
write.
Yeah. And usually when I cook, sometimes it takes me like a while, like 30 minutes. But then my friends just do it like for 15 minutes. It takes me a while to, you know God,
I
mean the preparations and and they're too good for that. I mean like they've been doing that and anyway, so I think we're good uh nice talking to you
and
hope you have a good day.
youtube, bye