uh Can you hear me?
how are you doing today?
Yeah. You know? Okay, woke up pretty late. Yeah. But yeah.
Yeah. Twice before.
Yeah, they were both pretty good. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's yeah, I don't talk to many people I don't know during all of that, so it's kind of nice.
So has the pandemic been for you?
You
know?
Oh yeah, I mean like not like as bad as like some other people, but because I just go to like my local community college. Um
So um you know because like did you did you go to like an out of state university or something? Like
what?
that's
that's not too bad. But yeah, like yeah, but same thing with my school online classes and like those are like whatever, you know? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm being at home like and you're so distracted too and
Um what do you go to university for?
Oh, that's cool.
Like um well because I'm planning to like transfer out to a university
from community so I want to do electronic music production.
Oh yeah, it's cool. Um But psychologists cool to what do you want to know, what are you hoping to do? Um
Okay. That's interesting. Yeah, mm hmm.
Um I haven't done like gigs, gigs. I did like when my school was in um what's it called, you know in person and stuff, we had like a concert that we did. Um But yeah, I've been doing, I used to play like a saxophone, like jazz saxophone. So I did gigs with that, but when I started doing like the music production, I just like that a lot more. Yeah. Yeah, and I've started really getting into it like recently and now, you know, everything started, there's not much room for gigs and stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's okay, you know.
I don't remember
how
many colours.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel that. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a lot too, Yeah, it's a lot to learn and I'm still learning and stuff. So you did like a marching band and stuff.
I did it for my first two years marching band, but then I
moved to a different school that didn't have it. Um Yeah.
Yeah, but it was cool. Yeah, like I played like clarinet instead of saxophone because they needed it and it's much easier to carry around saxophone. Yeah. But yeah, that's cool. Um Yeah, my little brother, he's like really into it and he likes switched from trump it to uh Tenor drums I think they are
like the big one. Yeah and he's like and he's like get it to like and he does what's it called, the winter percussion
thing.
Yeah and he's pretty bummed that like marching bands, you know, it doesn't seem like it really is going to, it's like his last year of high school. So.
Yeah but you know I mean what can you do, what can you do?
Yeah. Have there been any like a silver linings of this whole thing for you?
Do
you mind?
Yeah. About pretty much the same. Yeah I feel I feel for uh yeah I've gotten like what's it called? Yeah just being introverted, like it's not the biggest deal in the world, not being able to see people and stuff and you know it's like allowed a lot of time for like self reflection and like bettering myself and stuff and figuring out like what's important to me
that sort of thing. So yeah like I mean you know it feels like I don't know it feels like almost selfish to talk about like good things that are coming
out of it but
but like I mean you know yeah just isolation and stuff. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I just like I'd like to be able to choose that I don't want to hang out with people you know instead of being forced to. Yeah.
so mm.
like
do you have any like hobbies other you know
psychology?
Yeah. Yeah that's definitely good.
Um Yeah like the electronic music thing like I said yeah I don't have that many like interesting hobbies I'd say like video games I guess and like you said watching T. V. And stuff
I've been like trying to learn Photoshop. Um
Yeah little by little because that's I mean it's fun and that's like a way to make some money too if you're okay at it you know? Um But yeah you know just. Yeah oh and I like started cooking a lot during quarantine and
stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and that's nice too. But
Um I don't know pretty standard stuff I mean I'm trying to think I forget things a lot too so.
Yeah. Oh I made like um what was like just like this sponge like banana like cake kind of thing. And
it
was yeah and it was like really you just have to use a microwave for it to you didn't
have to like go crazy. And it turned out like it was done in like, Like preparation and cooking like 15 minutes and I was like,
I mean other than that just like pretty regular stuff, cooking meat or you know the cells, whatever, whatever. Yeah. Mhm.
did you like go back home during your thing or?
Couple
Oh my goodness.
All
Oh yeah, I mean, yeah, like I said um like my community colleges, like literally like a 10 minutes, not even not even 10 minute drive away from me.
So
yeah, I live in and and it's my first year so I just graduated. Um So yeah, I'm just living with my parents, so that's nice. I didn't really have to do any sort of thing and
I know. Yeah. And you know like uh I don't know I mean some semi related to the rent thing like just I haven't had like a job yet. I was looking for one like when
I when this all started but you know like uh having classes like all in line makes me because I was considering taking a gap year this year anyways um Just uh but then everything happened and online classes have made me you know considered even more. Um And my parents are okay with it, they just want me to work and it's like this thing where um like my mom is like an at risk person. Um
Yeah so it's like I don't really know I like I I really do want to work and get a job but I don't want to like risk all the jobs pretty much that you can do like our like you know.
Yeah and yeah and the oh man the school year came up really quick to like this
this
yeah. Yeah like oh man yeah I definitely need to figure that out. Oh
you know you know it's whatever like I said I've got it like I got I'm thankful that I have it like way better than a lot of people yeah you know or
Yeah.
Yeah
I'm in southern California. Yeah.
Oh yeah I know, I'm like I don't know like 40 minutes away from L. A. so yeah.
Yeah. Yeah exactly exactly and
Yeah. Yeah exactly. Uh I know, I know I just oh man, I just hear about all these other countries that are like a
little
and
I know my goodness man, I just shake my head shake.
man.
man.
Yeah and
yeah. Oh man. It always gets to a point where I'm like, I don't know what to talk about next.
Um well what tv what do you like to watch on tv?
Uh huh uh huh
The
group
Um Yeah like uh like the Pokemon show I've
been watching that's like um and then like just like movies I guess like
I really liked horror movies so
yeah. Oh yeah, like have you heard of shudder?
Yeah, I've just, I've just got like uh yeah that thing and I just watched a bunch of
yeah ah yeah, but yeah, I don't know like just movies and stuff like I don't know, I don't know man.
like and I like Youtube like watch a lot of Youtube Uh
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like, yeah, I kinda eat those up to there, like kind of,
yeah. Um Yeah, some Oh man, some people are crazy. Um You know, I forget his full name, but D Angelo. Yeah,
Yeah. Like I watched like, have you seen as Shane Dawson one and yeah,
Craig
yeah. Crazy stuff, man.
I know that. That was, I know, yeah, but he's, that was crazy. Yeah, but he's really good. Um
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He jumped up quick. Yeah.
Oh no, I stopped to watch those. Yeah. I'm kind
of like,
I'm kind of like relatively new to him, so I haven't watched all the videos,
but
Okay. Okay. Cool, cool. Yeah. God,
A lot of times with these videos, I have like no idea who the person is and, and it's just like, oh man, oh, I'm glad I never knew that this person was.
Yeah, yeah, I remember when I just opened up Twitter one day and I saw what's, what's his name? Um Will smith's son, what's his name? I'm blanking on it.
Hayden smith. I saw his like tweet that he made and I was like, huh,
what? And then I
go on the front page and I see all that stuff and I'm like, what? Oh my god, Oh my
and well, I'm like
my oh my goodness.
I
know, I know,
I
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Oh my goodness man,
Yeah, to say the least, say the least. Um Yeah, yeah. Oh man. Uh huh those videos. Oh man, I love them. I was always gets stuck in like a thing of like watching so many of them and then like the day has gone by and I'm like, oh dang
you didn't do anything productive today bill. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, it's educational. I'm
learning
about
something.
That's
how
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. The video's are definitely well produced. I just tell myself dealing you're learning. Yeah.
But yeah. Crazy. Mm
Yeah. I was going to, yeah, I haven't watched him his other video, but I know like very like surface level about like,
Yeah. Seems, yeah. Like, yeah, the sad thing is like, like somebody like Shane Dawson, they like, I mean, you know, I mean at least for now his, he's his doesn't really do much with his channel, but he's still got all his money, you know, he's got all
this
stuff like
I
know. I know. I know it really is sad. It was like, I don't, I don't remember if there was like a phrase for it or something, but I read it was like uh it was like the more you become like aware of these things, you just start to get like Saturn and Saturn
and you and you and you're like,
you're
like,
yeah, like feeling like this is just how it is and like it's not gonna, this is just how it is and like not melancholy is not the right word, but it's like, I don't know, just depression honestly about all of it.
good.
Good.
You want to have hope but and
I
exactly. Exactly. Teeth gritting emoji
yeah yeah. Um yeah. Like uh, not to get like super uber serious
but like, like, I don't know if it's also, it's probably also in part to being like 18 and being an adult, but with all of this like thinking about death a lot, like it's like, it's like at the forefront of your mind and yeah, like I was saying before like that's kind of what's helped me like look at myself and you know, decide what I feel is important saying seriously, you
know?
Yeah yeah yeah. You know, just spend my time doing what matters appreciate, you know, while your hair yeah.
yeah yeah yeah. So bangs. So I don't really, honestly, I've kind of been off like the area specific covid news. Like, so the bay area is like doing better than like us.
What?
They have,
I know.
Um yeah, I just, yeah. Uh huh
and
I know it could have been so like, I mean not,
maybe
not
easy but simple. Just like,
And it's like this like, uh yeah, like this cycle of like they're, they like try to reopen the things and then it gets worse so they push back and how long
that's going to
go for.
I know. Oh, I'm like opening up like the schools and stuff like
she is and
I'm like, yeah. Oh my goodness.
I know. I know. Like okay. I
know. I know. I know.
No.
I know. It's like, yeah, that's exactly it. Like and that's a like uh similar to that like the people who were protesting to reopen like even though like I disagreed with them completely like from the point of like they're losing their jobs, they're not going to be able to pay rent, like you can understand that part of it and
these people should be protests, they're protesting the wrong things, they need
to be
protesting.
they're pissed at the they're not pissed. Uh I mean I'm yeah I get the sense you know. Exactly
like
like she is like but
Yeah like oh man. Just
I know. I know.
Oh my goodness man. Like.
Yeah.
Um I like mine. I don't know. I think we did talk enough, I'm pretty sure. Yeah.
like every time like I've been like uh like you said like scared to do this and then it turned out to be like
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Oh
yeah. Same to you. Best of luck with you know psychology and your college and stuff.
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
a good day.