Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hi.
Yeah, I can hear you. Uh huh.
Uh Doing all right. How about yourself?
Who have you done this study before?
Thank you. Me too. Twice as well. Did you have some good conversations last time?
Notes?
Yeah, I agree. I thought it would be a lot scarier than it is. Right.
Well it's been wack
I'm a university
student so my spring quarter was completely online and everything else will probably stay online for this next quarter. What you
Right.
No I
go to an end state one thing so I'm
only like two hours away from home so it's pretty easy.
I feel like I barely absorbed like any information from those online classes. I was just I'm just not good at it.
there's just so much going on. Yeah. Three other roommates who are also in school so they all have their weird schedules tomorrow.
Um I major in psychology.
Yeah I really like it. What about you? Do you have any interest
correct?
Whoa. That's so cool.
Uh Well trying to figure that out. I'm going into my senior year so I really need to figure that out. But I I think ideally I'd want to not go to grad school and just go and be an HR person or something. I don't know, I just don't want to school again. But if I do school I'm interested in school psychology maybe so I'll just have to figure it out.
Do you have experience in like electronic music? Have you like done gigs and stuff?
What about
Yeah I did music in high school and I did it for two years in college. I'm a percussionist. So
I worked with some people in high school who
did that electronic
music stuff they did like since for our marching band thing and it just looked so cool and complicated. Like I want to do it, but I was just like vibing on my maroon or whatever.
yeah, I did in like winter percussion, I don't know, did you do any of that kind of thing,
you?
that's about
tenor.
Yeah, I went to
percussion and so fun. Yeah, that's my favorite thing I did in high school.
Oh, this is sad.
Yeah, I can't see it be a good idea. What a bummer.
well for me
I am
very introverted and socially awkward. So of course it's sort of been a nice time, haven't had to have many awkward conversations but of course like now it almost makes it harder when I go in public like because I just my scripts are all gone like I'm just so what about you?
That's cool.
I
feel that.
the isolation is interesting.
I definitely agree with that. Mm hmm.
What other things did I talk about with my other people? Yeah.
Two
and
well not much actually. I watch a lot of T. V. I, mm Well I do the prolific stuff. That's fun. That's something I picked up during quarantine because I was told you know like um I don't much like that's something I've been trying to figure out to. I'm like I have no hobbies. I should like pick something up.
What about you?
Thanks.
cool.
lot
of people have started.
Did you make anything fun?
No, I feel that that's a big move.
that sounds
great.
Well,
Hey, that's apartment.
Use thanks.
Um yeah, I started out at home because like when all of this started, I just happened to be like at home for spring break essentially. I just, I stayed
there for a bit. Then I ended up going back just because my home environment wasn't going to be as quiet to do my school stuff. So I went back. I live, um, I don't, I live in California and
in the bay area ish and I go to UC Davis. So like it's really easy for me to let go back and
forth. So it wasn't that big of a deal. What about you?
that's
great.
Mm hmm. Rat free. Yes.
Good.
no.
They're like essential workers stuff. Well exposed. Yeah. That's the herd.
Yeah, that's already
old here.
Yeah, that's a rough situation. Uh, right,
like nor cal right now is like we're pretty chill and like of course we have cases, but like looking at what happened, what's happening in socal. It's like, oh my God,
right
now.
are man. I'm so sorry,
hot spot man.
And also a full of a bunch of people who are just like not following the rules too.
they're already
out. I'm
jealous.
It's a match. Yeah. The person I talked to last time she lived in florida. So of course it's
just chaos over there to lower people were just like, like the virus isn't even real. So she's just And she was also like, I think she said she was in her 60s so like it's
rough for her, you know, could be worse. Oh,
fun times.
Yeah. There's always like,
I like to watch a bunch of random stuff. I'm trying to think, I mean I used to watch Black Mirror that used to be my favorite show, but they obviously don't release a whole lot these days. I've just been, I've been watching so much trash click. I've been watching K dramas, which I'm sure enough,
they're really funny because they're so
dramatic.
So what about you?
Hey?
ice.
Oh yeah, me too.
Yes, I heard of that. I haven't seen it yet though,
pipes.
No, whenever I'm asked to like, nothing comes to mind even though I know what I'm doing the majority of my time. Remember issues too. What? Uh
Yes. I consume a lot of like recently I've been watching a lot of like Youtube, like almost like doc, you series like these, like our long videos, like criticizing a Youtuber. Like, and I really enjoy those.
they're fun.
Oh my gosh, I watched him. I love his.
I did. Of course,
intense.
I had no idea he was that bad and he came with the receipts man.
he is. I'm glad he's getting a lot of recognition lately because of the video, he's like at a million subscribers. It's so cool.
it was so fast. Like, I think when I bought the first video I watched, he only had like 300,000 and that wasn't like too long before this. Like at all. This is great. Did you see his videos on shall in Leicester? Those are crazy.
those
are great. Like,
well,
I recommend those.
didn't even know who she was, but like, it was fascinating to see just how horrible the person shit.
Yeah. Well it's Shane. It's like everyone knew Shane. So crazy to see how horrible he's been able to act without consequences for so long like.
jaden smith
About
Backflip.
Crazy.
That poor family though, like, seeing that clip like it was gross. Oh my god. And all the videos of him, like humping animals, like Oh my God,
so
scary,
like it's one thing to just have one clip, but
he had there was so many
the fascinating person.
Yeah, I know,
but at least you had a good time, you know?
it kind
of
feels
like it,
like,
I don't know something about it, like the amount of work that like they put into the videos makes it feel like, you know, I'm supporting something really cool.
So like what
exactly. Wondering about things that don't matter to even like anyway stuff. Okay. Mhm.
Is uh I wonder if you know how Shane Dawson and Jeffrey Star are like friends. I don't know if you know what star?
he's just the words like I'm a big makeup person. So I knew like about him. Obviously I had watched like several of his videos, I watched the doc E series that Shane did on him and I was like, wow, Maybe he wasn't as bad as I thought. And then looking back realizing how like it was so flimsy. Like the doctor series was so like it didn't, he apologized for his past racism. Like it wasn't even an apology. It was an excuse. Like it's just I just he goes down to you know like I don't want course anymore. We'll see about that. He's got a lot of power. He has so much money. It will and
Like
all
the success built on these horrible things he did. It's just so sad. It just feels like despicable people get all the power in this world. You know, it's the people that rise to the top and I just hate it. Why do we live in a world that benefits these people?
I don't get it. Yeah.
True.
Just
give
it all.
real. I could use psychological terms for this. It's like it's sort of an external locus of control. Like you feel
like no matter what you do, like nothing will change and it's just so easy to get into that mindset. Especially now I feel like when all these horrible things are happening, it's like even if you do something it just feels like nothing will benefit the situation, but it totally affects your mental thinking about, but I do think it's like the truth to, you know like having an internal locus of control, thinking you can
control your actions is so much better for you, but I think it's naive, it is naive, like it's just a
it's so
hard, how can you hope for this horrible climate is just curious. Yeah. Uh huh
Yeah, yeah, exactly, that's the move. Oh with the other two people I talked to, we also ended up talking about just like this sort of weird philosophical stuff too, it's just, that's not everyone's minds these days.
All
things
to think about for sure.
That's great. Yes, got to appreciate the good things, especially right now.
I think we started out a little bit worse just because a lot of
people in the Bay Area traveled to places like china for like tech stuff, you know? But I think our area did a pretty good job at the first shutdown and like, I think we're shutting down everything again because of the second wave, like we did wait a very long time. Like most of the places I know opened back up like
Like the second wave had, I think that's been helpful. Like, especially my hometown, like it stayed at like 20 cases like this whole time. So like they're doing better. Like it's not the best of course. Like my friend who lives in England, like they are basically done. Like they don't have to do anything at, like they're very slowly opening and they have basically like no cases. I'm like, oh my God,
so crazy.
It would have been so nice to have like government that knew what was going on and had
like,
it
could be
over.
Yeah. That's the worst part. It's like knowing what could have been and now we're probably going to have to do this for like another year. Probably like
When
just
when he, why can't we be patient? I don't understand.
Oh my gosh.
That's been a disaster.
Yeah. My mom is a teacher at like an elementary school and I'm to two of my roommates are doing their teaching credential right now. So like, I've been very much like involved with hearing about all of it and it's just horrible. Like it's awful. Don't reopen like what are you doing?
The way
it is such a mess though, knowing like there's going to be such a disparity for like these kids, like some of them have access to a lot of technology at home. Some of them are like extremely low income and like probably don't even have a computer. So like what are they going to do? And uh if
the government would like spend money on the right things to help these kids, like that would be better than what they're doing right now.
totally.
You
should
keep pace with the government right now.
I
do. I do.
It's the worst. Yeah.
So distressing.
Well,
no. All right.
I think we talked about When did you? Come on?
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Just one So casual.
I hope you stay safe.
I have fun with electronic music, so cool.
Bye. You