okay
here you'll see you clearly. Are you? Yuri Yeah.
Um Okay. Um Hello I'm Michelle in your nice
to meet you.
So like how's your day?
what moot mute. Oh.
I've been trying to get a PS five.
It's not
easy.
that
happened.
like walmart I had in my cards. I really I really saw
place order. I
got
through the payments everything and
I was
at
the final step. I just had like her and then the website crashes
you?
Thanks.
No
like at midnight might
where
I live in the eastern time zone. So like midnight. My time Nothing was really out then. PlayStation really something like three. a.m. But then at that point by the time I go there was gone
it
was.
Mhm. You know like if you go there to three you'd have lost it. Like the first like it was really frustrating basically. And then the next learn Um Sony released another one. I like three p.m. But then guess what happened this time?
I was
20. No I was 25 minutes away from entering. And
then it sort out.
I know like like I feel like walmart they should be like expecting this. Like shouldn't they have like backup servers like all this kind of stuff to prevent.
What?
Well
and
then
I got
crashes
like they make so much money. She didn't invest into like you know getting all better and stuff and then amazon amazon just keeping your mouth shut. Like give us information.
Yeah. I haven't boarded with amazon because where I'm paying amazon dot I step that way like I'm trying to pay to paypal because you know you don't want to put money in your bank account because that money's gonna disappear. You know what I mean? And then like amazon doesn't accept people, sonny is like telling us, yeah, we should come back tomorrow. But I feel like with more time that goes by, it may be easier to get them
now.
But then we're in a pandemic,
Yeah, I can understand why because like some people are crazy. They don't wear masks that would just be like rush into the stores
and yeah.
Yeah. And then like cases are spiking back up all over the U. S. So that makes sense. So what can are you looking forward to?
makes sense. Yeah,
I just want to I don't know like I want to get some games, but you know when you're broke, you could, but you got shoes for games you don't want to get, I like you want to get Demon Souls.
Hello, remastered.
That is true. Yeah,
anymore.
I understand like for the switch when I wanted to get it. That's when it was like sold out. Like the reason I'm trying to get the PS five now is so waiting is because I want to be like a situation with a split where like when I want it, it's not gonna be available for the next six months basically.
So that's basically what happened. Because I suppose Animal Crossing came out this wet was so hard to find. It was funny.
Like, like I'm the kind of person, I'm not going to pay $1 out over retail. I'm never know. I'm too poor for that shit.
Yeah. I remember like ring fit adventure, like 21st came out. It was like $15. Right.
Right. no, it wasn't always 70 people were complaining about it when it first came
out. It
was
Yes, it was like less than, it wasn't $70. It was like at most $50.
but then like popularity for like back it wasn't that popular. Remember like back then like it was there but it wasn't that popular then
that's because people go out to do all they want to do. But it's not as a pandemic hits. People are like look time to work out in the house.
We're
going
to get
my
friend, my
friend, she got addicted to it. To the point that she explains at least 19 hours a day. Seven
days a week.
Thanks.
Well when you're close this you have a lot of time to do shit because
like hi classes are so hard because like when you're in classic like focus but
like when you're when you're online like this is basically me and my friend. When I'm online I talk into my class, this corn is on the teacher is lecturing and then like five minutes into the lecture. I just find myself sleeping on the couch
different
I
think.
And then like what else happens? And then like for her, she like, she like basically she's basically playing our games like watches in class. I don't like it's really funny. Some kind of away like a little like at the beginning and then make it make it easier if I used to like past certain classes, but like now not so much.
Well
yeah, that is true. Thank
you
the same. You wake up, you go to
work,
you eat food, you go to sleep, You maybe play some video games.
You
family.
I know what you mean. And then like at this point you barely know what time of the day it is, what day it is. Is the sudden, right? Isn't something blue? What does oxygen taste like? Like that kind of stuff. Yeah. So yeah.
Gosh, this is frustrating. Like
please walmart get your shit together.
after this basically. Yeah,
The surgery usually takes like 20, minutes I think.
this is my third or fourth time
for more.
Yeah. I heard you could get up to six times now,
grandpa, Is it the one way in space? I did have one like a few days ago. Yeah,
critical
seem like
that. It was bullshit. Like one second it's filling up, the next second is breaking, and then like the next second it's filling up and then like you're like in your head you like stop, please stop feeling it. I need to me to keep on feeling and then it breaks. And then you're like,
like
it was and he had to do it in a specific amount of time. Like for me, when I when my teammates were doing it, my dad called me. So like my teammates, like, hey LSE get back, get your ass back here, We're about to die. Then I come back. I'm like, I'm sorry. That was really fun though.
Well,
yeah, I know what you mean. Like I know
what you mean.
After my first when I first started doing this, I was like freaking
the fuck out because I
am not a people's person. I don't like talking to people. So like, that's like mentally prep
myself. I'm like, I could do this, I could do this.
Good
morning.
It is.
But
like
it really is. I started back in february And I've made over £500..
Olympic.
I
want I wanted to enter but like the
reject
signal, They rejected me. And then from what I heard it in a part, the top 5%, you barely make a different from it.
Open graduated.
I
go to
the
next
yeah prolific doesn't pay like really well. Like really, really well
and then the lonely the prolific, the more higher pain service you get sometimes
like just recently I got a survey and I was like 45 - 60 minutes long and they paid £6..
it
was
The highest one. Have gone unpaid 95 dollars or pounds. But then it was like, yeah, it wasn't all that was, it took place over by two Um
two months. Yeah, two months. And then like the sessions went between like maybe 45 minutes long session To like a 10 minute long session, 45 minutes next. Like it was a game survey. Game Survey, game survey. And then after that it paid me like over £100 over like £120 generally. Because after that they? Re inviting you back in to do like order service. Like actually hey how are you doing actually? What do you eat? All that kind of stuff? And then the longest I've gotten paid was $75 and Amazon gift card for two hours.
But then that was not prolific. It was like to me, I hate to me.
no,
I know what you mean because every other one it feels like like what like about prolific is that they ask you about you are from so they can like target service towards you. But the other ones you like, like after you spent like maybe 15 minutes and then they're like, oh yeah you got rejected
earlier,
it's,
I know what I mean, like that's what I like about prolific to our
number two, since we live in the US, wherever we go in pounds is actually higher in dollars. That's bogus.
I
but
can do that actually. Yeah,
bye. Same.
But
then like one
year rumor dot PS five is coming up is going to be like released for pre order back in june. You don't think about it, you just like help right into it. So
that's
what
happened.
The election was crazy.
The election. Yeah,
or
else
that is true. Like I got one where like we make a bet and it was going to win the presidential and popular vote And back
in general in general is your generator generator in January. They'll contact us again and if we got it right, still pay us £10.. Yeah,
another year from another year from september like september something. If we're correct about prediction. Um how biden or trump will help the economy. Then we get another 10 lbs.
no, but like the problem is like you just have to like stick like when you see like a 60 minutes long survey or like a 40 minutes long survey, you have to like be like and just go for it.
No, because you're mentally training, you know I mean like you want to do it, but then like you gotta look between your phone and then the survey and then your phone and then the survey like do I have a glass of apple ability to do this right now?
Meet her.
My greatest
luch.
I don't
meter. I have a short attention span like I remember once I got this really good pain survey and then I don't ask me to go fell asleep in the middle of it. And okay,
like I give a year
ago.
There you go.
Short ones.
Oh yeah. Those words,
attention attention
checkers.
Some people
thought
for me, I just take it all seriously. Am I good?
Point
Yeah. Yeah. No. And then like, just recently, just before I got into this one to do this, I got a survey and was acting for like, like it asked me probably think asked me if I have a virtual river valley or going to rally headsets. I was like, yeah. And then they're gonna pay me like $21 to do this survey. But then I was like, do I really want to look through my school stuff to find my VR headsets. Hell no, I ain't touching that shit until I go back to school.
That's it. Yeah.
They said it was to play a game basically
but I don't want to go to my school stuff like if I go to that, I'm never gonna pack it back up.
No no I did all, my brother gave it to me when he got the all new Oculus Spirit
I
and then
I heard a flag stories coming out. Yeah.
No no no I heard like right now it's actually the mate I feel I think um sonny Playstation is the one that's supposed to mean it. Yeah
or the next year in councils are hosting it but like there's like it's actually there's actually an article about left for their three and f like three being in the mix right now.
yeah. Did you watch the like Playstation?
Like um When he revealed the PS five, the release states very fan.
I want to get that. I don't want to support JK. Right?
No.
is
fucked
up. It's okay. Um E. A. I feel like I. E. A. Their shady like
yeah like back then the Sims games especially like Min Shits but like this is four. It's like trash. I regret getting it for 60 something those when I was 12 years old because like I prefer playing the same three, downplaying the same score because the same score, it feels like it's lifeless Origin. That's run by E. A. It's broken after time.
Like he needs to get his shit together. No but it's not run by here is run by this new company. The startup company. Yeah. I can't remember. The name. Is like such an A. But like I heard J. K. Is not part of it but like which used to be making a profit from it.
True
and what else? Oh my gosh. When you should go to war abandoned.
I
heard the peaceful one is like amazing. Like I never played it but I like wash my brother played Basically whenever my brother's home it brings home is PS four and then like where every game is played I just watch you play like when I was younger we supply together. But like as I got older and like it became a broker. Yeah not so much and
then
I got.
I
know.
Have you seen the gameplay for tasked with plasma phobia?
Yeah. As if like is this new horror multiplayer game where you like going with your friends and then like you try to figure out what kind of ghost is haunting you.
It is actually really cool and I'm like whoever like it's the only one person program this entire game from what I heard. But like you can like talk to your friends using a walkie talkie. Like when you talk using the mic it actually bounces off the wall. Like if you're farther away from the person, the person sounds farther away from you
go. Yeah like it's a multiplayer and then
the ghost
is
like
Yeah it's like really amazing. And they're like at first you just see them like freaking out because like when you first entered the game like the game you can just have fun with your friends. Like whenever I watch people play the game and you keep on coming to the spirits, I'm like please I'm talking to girls you're gonna die. And I like
No I haven't actually touched my VR sets since. What year is it?
It
seems
like. Yeah, so it's like late 2019 when I moved out from my freshman door
because I haven't been in the mood to like unpack my school stuff. Even when I moved into my sophomore Don. I students really unpackaged. I just left it in the box somewhere because I haven't been in the mood to plate because school is kicking my ass. I'm gonna cry.
Yeah. No, it's Gucci. I did to myself when you say, hey, I'm gonna be a stand major, you're gonna be prepared to get your ass kicked. You know what I mean?
You like Catholics would kick your ass or kind of chemistry will kick your ass. Biology will
kick
your
ass.
And that's a stem major. At some point you have to like last semester I was taking seven classes and get some of the credit somewhere.
14 credit hours because guess what? Labs only sounds has one credit hour and you're three hours long makes no sense. It makes you kill yourself.
three hours once a week.
Yeah. But then at some point to be taken like three science classes and three labs
and that will make you want to pull your hair out
and
cry.
I
was,
And you have to remember to, hey, is my lab clothes clean or is it not clean? Gosh, kinda reminds me of the time I spilled acid.
course.
For more I heard I'm taking this semester to rest my brain from both. More. I've heard labs one week you go in Like usually labs have 24 people. But now it's only a classic 12 people. So what a week you go in the next week the group goes in and you do something else and then the next week to go, you go, you need to do something else. So they are rotating. It's basically
Oh no, campuses back open
because some teachers can only teach in um, actual classes. No,
I like taking organic chemistry. And why was hell?
Yeah. Because you have to draw the compounds and like if you're in class and you draw it, you can actually t shirts jackets, we could like talk to people around you bought online. It doesn't feel as connected.
it exports some classes. They do like history class, math class. Sure, they will work all online. Well for classes where you need to actually dressed up out and stuff, it doesn't work well online. Like not at all.
we did.
Um Okay. So basically what you're doing, okay. So like, you know like when you go back to the original page, right?
And then when you
scroll
down, yeah. Remember how long we talked? 25 minutes. So like now you scroll down, you cancel his page out and then you click on the arrow to go to the next page and it will actually have a conversation went if there's any technical difficulties or something like that and then you pick the right one and then it leads you, then it actually, how long did you talk for? That's why usually remember how long you talked? Mhm.
all right.
It does have a good day.
It was
oh no. Like I'm usually a social mess. So
he had,
that's because like right now I'm like sweating my guts out because of like the anxiety of talking to people at times. Because
you did. Like that's why I like at first you just try to bring up topics you think people like and just build up on it. And that sucks. Okay. Um Nice to meet you program.
Hopefully Youtube.