SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. See if somebody showed up. Yeah. Okay. Q. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I was in a situation she isn't Mhm, understand. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Something tells me my conversation partner is not going to show up. Okay. Shopping. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That check. Mhm. Don't forget your little hit. Yes. Not even in an anti yet. I don't think my conversation partner is showing up this time. I'll have to reschedule it. Yeah. But if they don't show up, you still get like a dollar. So. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Somebody showed up.
SPEAKER_R: how you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Doing well, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Good to hear. Yeah. Going for the country and
SPEAKER_R: Uh I mean I'm on the East Coast, How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not on the coast but close enough of in pennsylvania. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: managed okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm in Northeast P. A.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Southeast, so I was just have been um, al to know the other day, which I think is I guess it's like
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: west, like I think it's like west pennsylvania maybe. I'm not really sure. It was a long drive, There were a lot of mountains, I know that
SPEAKER_L: that's going anywhere out here. It's beautiful. I'm glad I moved out here. I grew up in New Jersey. It's trash. It's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, Jersey hair.
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um we're out in Jersey and if that's not too personal.
SPEAKER_L: Hoboken. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're because that's new york city, that's not yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's terrible. Nothing of buildings and concrete and asphalt everywhere. People are supposed to live like that.
SPEAKER_R: I feel the same way. I honestly do. The older I get, the more I mean I'll just, I'm in Philly, you know what I mean? So I'm so uh
SPEAKER_L: Wilksbehr mm
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely. Um yeah, I don't know, it was, it was, it was like, it was cute. People seem to know each other. Um people weren't super aggressive, like they are in Philly or like in North Jersey, you know, it was nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like it out here. Everybody's quiet. There's not constantly cars and trucks going past because there's not that many people, you know. Nice.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of sucks that everything so far apart. But I mean you got to compromise.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely angry.
SPEAKER_L: You can't really complain without cheap. Everything is out here.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Uh yeah, it's, I feel like when you live in a city or near a big city or anywhere like that, like affiliate Hoboken, it's like people, I don't say they assume you of money, but what I mean is like you could see two people walking down the street in Philly and they can be wearing the exact same outfit and one of them could be like a struggling college student and one of them could be like a multi millionaire, you know, you really don't know. Um Yeah, I felt like people were waving more down to earth out there, You know what I mean? They weren't, I don't know, it's hard to explain, but mhm
SPEAKER_L: And everybody isn't in such a hurry in the city. Everybody gotta, gotta do an hour to get there. Now. I gotta and I'll be there when I'm there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. I definitely agree.
SPEAKER_L: Easy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Um What what flavors in your Vape? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Right now butter pecan.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. Oh cool.
SPEAKER_L: Actually make and sell this juice for a living.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, do you really? Oh that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What's that? You're drinking black coffee.
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's a it's raspberry tea, but I'm a coffee person. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I used to be super duper into coffee but it got to the point where I was taking 12 double shots of Espresso every day and I was just jittery all the time and I had to stop and then when I stopped I had hair, horrible headaches. Mhm. Now
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I just drink
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: it once in a while. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I I that's why I like I kind of coffee in the morning and then that's it, like even though I want coffee right now, I'm not having coffee because I I agree, gets to the point where you're so immune to it, you're like I used to work night shift and I would drink like I don't know, I would drink like soda all night, I would drink like four or five red bulls or Monsters or nothing and I would I would just be like, I don't even feel it, I really wouldn't even feel it scary.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I was working in the restaurant industry I was just chasing Red Bull with cocaine trying to stay up all night.
SPEAKER_R: huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Do do you think it was really common with my colleague chaperone was doing it or? No? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: who worked in the restaurant except for the mexican guys. Everybody else was doing cocaine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's crazy. I can definitely see that I've heard stuff like that makes sense, but
SPEAKER_L: That was when I was younger
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: I was only like 22 back then. I'm in 38 now. Haven't done hard drugs in like 13 years.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm too old for this. It's time to move on. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: No, I just smoked pot and drink. Yeah. Yeah. We finally got the medical marijuana in this state now. So it's pretty. Yeah, all you gotta do is to tell the doctor you have anxiety and you can get a card.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, Gotcha. I honestly I've never smoked pot and it's not like it's not honest and I think that I don't really think it's dangerous. I think it's way less dangerous than like alcohol, which has been legal for a long time. I just I have the world's most addictive personality. I would I sometimes feel like if I started smoking pot, I would be like, I would really like jobless in high all the time in like two months. I just like, I don't know man, whatever. I don't really, I really developed about,
SPEAKER_L: Some people are like that.
SPEAKER_R: but I supported for everyone else. I think it's great. Like
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. New Jersey Just legalized recreational.
SPEAKER_R: I heard him
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully we won't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: be too far behind them.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think they said I I didn't hear a ton about it but I think they said every state that had it on the ballot, this election it passed If it was medical or recreational, there was like five states or something. So yeah, I feel bad for how many people's lives were ruined like, you know what I mean? It's like
SPEAKER_L: Then
SPEAKER_R: I can't like an ounce of pot and it's like that's gonna follow him around forever or something like that, you know I mean? I feel like that's so messed up.
SPEAKER_L: Not to mention all the people who were sick and dying while they were waiting for the medical to get approved.
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: We had people bringing up their Children and dumping them on the desk, dumping them on the steps of the capitol, walked while they have seizures. Like, look, this is what
SPEAKER_R: Tom
SPEAKER_L: you guys are doing. Mhm. Just a sec. Babe. Don't forget your hat. My wife's getting ready for work.
SPEAKER_R: I got you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: My my ex he smoked like a chimney when we met like actual pick cigarettes and I was like, I cannot I can't abide cigarettes. Like I really, I really can't stand it. I hate like your fingers always smell like I like, I spoke for like a couple months when I was 17 because I thought I was very cool, which was wrong. I was not very cool, but he ended up switching to vaping and then I was like, it was like, I feel like so much better, you know what I mean? Yeah, it just, it smelled like nothing. It was just like simple. He had this one flavor though and I would think it was like feel free copies film. It was like, what was it? It was like waffles and pecans and like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: some something with butterscotch. It's almost almost like a Belgian waffle kind of smell and like I was associated with him, but I so miss it. And I'm like, anytime I smell something like it, I'm like, God, that smells good. Like I like, I like how big flavor smell nice. You know what I mean? They're never like offensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I saw a blueberry waffle flavor that's pretty popular.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Yeah, I could totally see that.
SPEAKER_L: It smells just like the echo ones.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I feel like that's, that's like a, I think for a lot of people remind them of their childhood, do what I mean? Like having that go waffles. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey, but don't forget to ask. That's right. Okay. I was just saying open bribery before you leave. No. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love this because I mean it doesn't, it tastes so much better than cigarettes. I started I stopped uh
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I stopped smoking cigarettes the day I bought my first rate, you can open a pack of cigarettes in
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: my pocket when I bought my first favorite. I would never have another cigarette. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I feel like my ex missed it at first, but he was like a heavy smoker. Like he was like a pack a day plus smoker. So I think, I think it took time for him to adjust to like, you know what I would say? It's like, it's like a habit. Like you're used to holding it in your hand, like lighting it, whatever. I think it took a while for me to get used to that, especially once he transitioned into it. Like there's no comparison. Like, it never. I remember once when we were sitting there having dinner with his parents and he was like, and the mom like stood up for a minute to get something and he like, leash over look, because like an inhalation of his Vape I guess because he was so stressed out because the mom was being ridiculous. So, But at the dinner table, but you can never with a real cigarette really light up at the dinner table, just like, you know, take it inhale. Remember? It's funny like the mom can match, like it's like something going on. And we were like, me and his sister and um my ex, we were like, no, we're like, no, I don't I don't know what you're talking about, like I don't smell anything, I'm so dumb, but like, I don't know. I think it's that I feel like how clean it is is like an advantage you really can dine it. Just get away with it. Like it doesn't smell, you know
SPEAKER_L: You don't have to worry about all the ashes and
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: butts and everything. All the garbage you really make from. This is the little coils when they wear out and thrown in the trash bust way cheaper. I mean, I sell these bibles right here. This will ask me about a week. I charged $15 for it. Nobody is something that's only two packs of cigarettes. Nobody's making two packs of cigarettes last week.
SPEAKER_R: No. Oh, so speaking of the little prolific time I just heard on my end. Have you, mm have you been on actually, did you find this study through prolific or gotcha?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Have you been doing prolific for a long time?
SPEAKER_L: I I did my first prolific study on August 28.
SPEAKER_R: Got it. Okay. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've made About $550. Yeah, it's super easy. I got a little uh prolific uh
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: assistant add on for chrome and it just pops up every once in a while when I'm doing stuff and just click and then there's money.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Yeah. Very helpful if you're like always at your computer. I am so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And they'll build the little not notification pops up over anything to. So earlier I was sitting there playing Minecraft. It popped up over my game. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The the extension is really a lifesaver. Do you like? What do you do? Anything else like with surveys? I guess like mechanical turk. Any other surveys like that or? No, No. Gotcha. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I do. Um there's this one political study,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: but it's not like a website where there's a lot of studies. It's just one Annenberg or something it's called. And they send me a survey every month and then I get
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: $10 for it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. Yeah. I think As I did mechanical turk. I've done that for a long time, started that in 2013, 2013. No, probably earlier, whatever it is. I turned 18 so earlier than that. But it's not like It's very easy to make $2 an hour there. It's like not user friendly. You have to install a bunch of stuff basically to make it usable and to make yourself profitable on their. Um whereas prolific. I think they said that the guy who started he purposely designed it to that They don't they don't host studies on the site that pay below minimum wage in England. So and they make the researcher tested first and if they like, the researcher says it's gonna be 20 minutes and that will be a fair wage. But then like they tested and it's longer than they are not allowed to stay on the site where the person is to raise the wage, which is nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Just a second baby. You got to go You said. Yeah. The bus leaves at 3:25. Not like you walk out the door at 3:25. You have the phone or the key. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I love you too baby. She at midnight or so. Okay. She gotta go make the burgers. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: She's been there about a month now. Mhm. It's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: too bad.
SPEAKER_R: on instagram. Yeah, definitely. Weird times considering everything that's going on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: They don't have the dining room or open or anything. So it's just like
SPEAKER_R: Hey Doctor.
SPEAKER_L: drive through a door dash.
SPEAKER_R: Oh gotcha. Okay. That's good. Yeah. I feel like, I don't know. At least I'm hoping for people who still are in like a physical jobs and leaving the house and stuff. I hope that they're like, mhm I don't know. I'm sure, I'm sure it's miserable right now. Remember especially like at the beginning when like, you know what, when everyone was like crowding in for toilet paper and they were like, it was empty on the shelves and stuff like that. Um I felt so bad for the employees that like, I don't know. I felt like people were being like jerks like they, it's not their fault like they didn't do the ordering, it's not their fault. There's no toilet paper and stuff like that. I don't know. I've met as much for anyone who's working in person job right now. Really? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: All of my stuff is through mail so I don't see
SPEAKER_R: Again
SPEAKER_L: any customers.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. That's nice though. That's
SPEAKER_L: I do.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I just get the orders come through on my website and then I just I fill them in the at like five o'clock in the morning so that when the mailman comes I could just get from the packages.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's good. Yeah. I'm uh I'm in my last year of college so I I'm basically living on like a combination of like student loans, grant income from stuff like this income from like selling art. Just like a random random like little pennies that I'm like, I'm like I can just live on this until I get graduate and then like that's fine. Like just let's just keep rolling to the end, you know?
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. Hey if you make it to the end, you make it to the end. Doesn't really matter. You got there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I totally agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This is april yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my goodness goodness. High. I know it's silly. I love her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you're a fan of parks and rec Michelle
SPEAKER_R: I haven't seen it.
SPEAKER_L: hi
SPEAKER_R: But is there
SPEAKER_L: stick.
SPEAKER_R: a capturing people or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. April ludgate karate dwyer. Yeah. Yeah. And then
SPEAKER_R: is she played by rashida jones?
SPEAKER_L: No, she's actually, I'll be Plaza. Yeah. No
SPEAKER_R: Yes,
SPEAKER_L: shit, rashida Plays and Perkins.
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha. Okay. Do you think it's worth a watch because I feel like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: love it.
SPEAKER_R: now it's held up and people who liked it or like it still is good. Like I would,
SPEAKER_L: I've seen every episode 20 times. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Looking a little biased, but I really think I'd like to watch it. Plus I am, it's all replies is in it and then chris pratt senate. Right? They have like a relationship. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's great. The two of them work so well together.
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha. I think I might watch it honestly because I feel I've been looking for a new show to kind of like not saying nor but like not have on in the background when I'm doing other stuff where it's not like so plot driven that I have to pay like super close attention or I'm going to miss something. Yeah I know a lot of people feel that way about The Office. Like my sister's scene Every episode of the office 500 times. Like I'll go over the offices just on, I'm like show again like Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I like The Office too because if you watch it online you can get it with all the deleted scenes still included.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. I did not know that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The guy took the time and he got the DVD sets and he went through and he took the deleted scenes and put them back in the episode where they were supposed to be and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: commitment,
SPEAKER_L: he uploaded it all. So yeah the
SPEAKER_R: for him. Honestly
SPEAKER_L: the extended version of The Office,
SPEAKER_R: got it good now. Have you, are you like a Star Wars fan or no?
SPEAKER_L: it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha. Uh Sometimes my dad and I, he was like the one introduced me to Star Wars, like we're watching one of the movies. Um I swear sometimes we'll be watching it on like It'll be on TV or whatever and we'll be watching and we're like, we turned to each other we're like that scene was definitely like a deleted scene they added back in or something. That seems definitely not in the original. My dad will be like, I have been watching this movie since 1977 and I'm telling you without that same wasn't in there. Oh, I'm like, I don't remember it either. Like so, you know.
SPEAKER_L: They have released different editions with like added stuff in them so.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I am one of those people who has a feeling about that. My childhood. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't get into the new Star Wars movies at all. Yeah I tried to watch, I forget which one it was but I tried to watch one of them in the theater and I literally fell asleep. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You can feel like, well that was an expensive nap. But okay. Yeah, I,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I am so into stars. My love Star Wars so much. My boyfriend loves Star Wars. So like I like them for what they are because they are new Star Wars content. So it's like you kind of just got to go along with it. But for people who are just sort of like casually trying to watch it. I don't know if they're going to be so thrilled with it. I don't think I've heard any casual fans be like, yeah, I love the new ones. It moved. Did not love the new ones.
SPEAKER_L: My friend's wife didn't even know there were old ones.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness. Okay. She's out of the friend group. Kick her out. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: They blew her mind when I was like yeah you should see the ones back from the 70s then you haven't seen them and she was like what? They made these in the 70s.
SPEAKER_R: I have never heard of anyone not knowing that. I'm sorry. I'm trying to be weird. I've never heard someone surprised by Star Wars.
SPEAKER_L: She thought that they the the original Star Wars were newer and that they were just made to look retro.
SPEAKER_R: Just kidding. Yeah. Just, I don't know what to make of. It is too much. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she's a trip but I'm not married to my best friend is So
SPEAKER_R: Like not my circus, not my monkeys. Not my problem.
SPEAKER_L: my wife's never seen any of the Star Wars films. Yeah. She hasn't seen a lot of stuff. Like she had never seen the Godfather series before I met her. She's never seen any Iraqi movies.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Never saw any predator movies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Honestly, I feel, I feel a little bit guilty because I also, I've seen rocky one and my friend and I think it wasn't good. It was like If we were like 17, I'm having a movie night with this guy who insisted on watching it. And then she and I were just making fun of were just like, yeah, so he was like stop, he's like, it's a mess. So I hate to say it when you're not enjoying something and someone kind of doubles down sometimes it becomes even funnier. Which I know is like that sounds like a jerk thing to say, but we're like, it's a good movie but it's not I don't know if it's a masterpiece, but I'm not like, I don't know, I'm not a movie person. I can't explain that. I can't like I just can't sit there for that long for most movies. I get I get very bored.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm the same way a lot of the time, like I have to be in the mood to watch a movie.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Yeah. I feel like I'm committing to not sit there and scroll things on Reddit for an hour and a half sure from my base down next to me and respond to nobody. So uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm on Reddit every single day.
SPEAKER_R: me either. Now it's I don't know if it's good or not but I do know that I'm on there all the time, so.
SPEAKER_L: I think I made my first account in like 2009.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. So you're we were pretty early on Reddit. Gotcha. I think I've been on since a little later on 2012. But then I'm not saying that like it's a competition first of all, clearly it's not 21, but I was like that's sort of like it's more like a badge of honor ashamed that a batch of it's like, oh, interesting. Really? X It's definitely weird. I'm curious what you think about it since you've been on for longer than I have. I feel like especially at first it was like a truly lawless land. Like you would hear about like places happening and like separated you did not want to go to and like a lot a lot of like nasty stuff going on. I don't know. No, I feel like it's less so like that. Like, I feel like, you know the quarantine subs, they'll ban them stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, the thing is they got a lot of corporate interests now, so the advertisers don't want their ads to be shown on a subreddit card called R jailbait. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Are not meeting women. Yeah. I want to have a nice coca cola while you beat your wife. Okay. Haste that refreshes? You're Wessler. I'm laughing about. It's not funny. It's not funny to joke about that. But like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I agree that that's probably what happened. I remember people remember, I always, I obviously am, I'm obviously a rotund person, but I remember when I think fat people hate got bin, but then everyone was mad because they insisted it was because people on that subreddit started making fun of the image or staff for being bad
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that's what
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: happened.
SPEAKER_R: demanded. So, so
SPEAKER_L: That's what happened.
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: They took, they took all the fucking anger staff and they were harassing them. Like, like personally, like they got their contact info and stuff and started messing with them in real life. Not just the internet.
SPEAKER_R: Which is against their, against their terms services. Uh, no, I wouldn't say it's brigade ng, but it's harassment. It's like using your subreddit organized a harassment campaign, which is like, I probably will push it over the edge of the great yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just like when they finally banned the donald that was because they were trying they were promoting the murder of police officers. Like they they got really mad about that whole thing in Oregon and they were like well people should get their guns up and go after them cops and they got their subreddit band.
SPEAKER_R: I felt like that Donald was just such a distasteful place like honestly and I'm not even talking about, even if you are someone who supports donald trump, I'm just saying that donald was a really distasteful separated where it's like you accuse people on the left of like being cop haters, you know, being so lawless. Then you're like we should go kill cops. What I thought donald trump was like a law and order guy. I thought we liked cops here. Like it was almost like it spiraled out of control where you don't know what the original purpose was anymore, which is like they were, they were wild. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: The funny thing is that subreddit started out is making fun of donald trump and then it just slowly got taken over by actual trump supporters.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think the I don't know I'm a member of a couple like um like circle jerk stop ready to where they're making fun of the original one but I think they didn't, I guess what I guess the big conservative some would be like you know our slash conservative. I think they made a mistake by not giving donald trump supporters a place to gather and then they could have had a joke version where they were making fun of them. But if you make a sub called the Donald and there's no end you know and the Donald trump supporters are not finding a place to talk about it on R slash conservative then they're gonna they're gonna infiltrate euros yourself and make it there. So so
SPEAKER_L: you did. And then
SPEAKER_R: theory.
SPEAKER_L: they've got without
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the underscore just r the Donald, it's like it's one word and that's for Donald glover, that
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: one's for childish camp, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I love the older brother. Mm mhm. He's the Donald I support personally. Yeah. Donald we can all get behind.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He's never done anything. I didn't enjoy like his acting, his fucking music, everything he does, his writing, everything is great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was I was explosion first through Childish Gambino. I heard sweat pants and then I've always heard community is good, but as
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: someone who's
SPEAKER_L: such a great
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: show.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I can enjoy it right now. It's
SPEAKER_L: You.
SPEAKER_R: too much to home, but I'll watch it after. Um I know we did Atlanta. Right, people are, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's an amazing show.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, good. Yeah, I would like to watch it.
SPEAKER_L: I can't wait for season three. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Was it like it's a coming up soon? Was it on hold due to coronavirus or No? No plans
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: for?
SPEAKER_L: they said it's going to be coming out this summer, so we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's good. Okay, well fingers crossed then. Yeah, mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, every single episode of that show is good though.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Yes, but I have like a long list of shows that I would like to watch and Atlanta is on there. I mean it was with it being from Donald glover, I feel like it has to be good. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And the other actors on that show are also really amazing, like the girl who plays his love interests as he beats. She's an amazing actress.
SPEAKER_R: and that's cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, hitting this thing too much. I had to up my nicotine so I don't feel like I need it all the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not gonna get and you can't make me just not William ignore it until it goes to voicemail. I refuse. I just listen. You live in pennsylvania. So you know, I actually feel like I developed mild ptsd from the ringing of the phone, the amount of political mail that got shoved through my door, the text messages, the ads, I didn't see a single ad that wasn't biden versus trump or you know, small occasionally they would spice it up with a local race. It was constant. And I guess considering how important pennsylvania ended up being and how close the race was for a long time, it makes sense. But I really just felt like please just stop like just
SPEAKER_L: The one day I got 11 political flyers in my mailbox, 11 Flyers of One Day, only two people live here.
SPEAKER_R: 5.5 for you, €5.5 now we'll do five and five each and then april can have one to chew on. How nice.
SPEAKER_L: Like I have five cats, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh Okay. Well that's totally seven. Uh huh. Oh my God. Yeah. I remember hearing in this race they said I'm gonna say this is sometime around October they said only 5% of voters were undecided. Which like, yeah, most people, I feel like they knew who they were voting for it.
SPEAKER_L: like this wasn't a race where the two candidates are almost the same and you might not know who you want.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yes. How strange. You know, just, yeah, I know a lot of people did end up voting either early or by mail or whatever. I was like, I wish there was a way to like opt out of the political mail if you had voted. People, if people call them, they were actual like canvassers and not just, you know like robo calls um I would be like, we already voted like please, I'm so tired, I just simply don't call me back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I just went in on election day. I live in a small town. There's nobody in the firehouse, so I just go up to the firehouse takes 10 minutes. I vote. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I only went because I um had class that day so I I'm like I'm on my break right now, but then at four I have another class. So I was worried that if I got there I would only have a couple hours to vote if the line is really long, I didn't want there to be an issue. So but otherwise I would have voted in person so Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Well, we've definitely gotten the 25 minutes in.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. All right. We are there
SPEAKER_L: Nice meeting. You
SPEAKER_R: and when it's me by,
SPEAKER_L: have a good day. Bye bye.