Oh yeah. See if somebody showed up. Yeah. Okay. Q. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I was in a situation she isn't Mhm, understand. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Something tells me my conversation partner is not going to show up. Okay. Shopping. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That check. Mhm. Don't forget your little hit. Yes. Not even in an anti yet. I don't think my conversation partner is showing up this time. I'll have to reschedule it. Yeah. But if they don't show up, you still get like a dollar. So. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Somebody showed up.
Pretty good.
All right. Good to hear. Yeah. Going for the country and
I'm not on the coast but close enough of in pennsylvania. Oh,
managed okay.
Yeah. I'm in Northeast P. A.
So
that's going anywhere out here. It's beautiful. I'm glad I moved out here. I grew up in New Jersey. It's trash. It's terrible.
I think
Hoboken. Yeah.
Yeah. It's terrible. Nothing of buildings and concrete and asphalt everywhere. People are supposed to live like that.
Wilksbehr mm
I like it out here. Everybody's quiet. There's not constantly cars and trucks going past because there's not that many people, you know. Nice.
Kind of sucks that everything so far apart. But I mean you got to compromise.
You can't really complain without cheap. Everything is out here.
And everybody isn't in such a hurry in the city. Everybody gotta, gotta do an hour to get there. Now. I gotta and I'll be there when I'm there.
Easy. Yeah.
Right now butter pecan.
Actually make and sell this juice for a living.
What's that? You're drinking black coffee.
Yeah. I used to be super duper into coffee but it got to the point where I was taking 12 double shots of Espresso every day and I was just jittery all the time and I had to stop and then when I stopped I had hair, horrible headaches. Mhm. Now
I just drink
it once in a while. Okay.
Yeah. When I was working in the restaurant industry I was just chasing Red Bull with cocaine trying to stay up all night.
who worked in the restaurant except for the mexican guys. Everybody else was doing cocaine.
That was when I was younger
I was only like 22 back then. I'm in 38 now. Haven't done hard drugs in like 13 years.
No, I just smoked pot and drink. Yeah. Yeah. We finally got the medical marijuana in this state now. So it's pretty. Yeah, all you gotta do is to tell the doctor you have anxiety and you can get a card.
Some people are like that.
Mhm. New Jersey Just legalized recreational.
Hopefully we won't
be too far behind them.
Then
Not to mention all the people who were sick and dying while they were waiting for the medical to get approved.
We had people bringing up their Children and dumping them on the desk, dumping them on the steps of the capitol, walked while they have seizures. Like, look, this is what
you guys are doing. Mhm. Just a sec. Babe. Don't forget your hat. My wife's getting ready for work.
Yeah,
No.
Yeah. I saw a blueberry waffle flavor that's pretty popular.
It smells just like the echo ones.
Yeah. Hey, but don't forget to ask. That's right. Okay. I was just saying open bribery before you leave. No. Mm.
Yeah, I love this because I mean it doesn't, it tastes so much better than cigarettes. I started I stopped uh
I stopped smoking cigarettes the day I bought my first rate, you can open a pack of cigarettes in
my pocket when I bought my first favorite. I would never have another cigarette. Yeah.
You don't have to worry about all the ashes and
butts and everything. All the garbage you really make from. This is the little coils when they wear out and thrown in the trash bust way cheaper. I mean, I sell these bibles right here. This will ask me about a week. I charged $15 for it. Nobody is something that's only two packs of cigarettes. Nobody's making two packs of cigarettes last week.
Yeah.
I I did my first prolific study on August 28.
Yeah, I've made About $550. Yeah, it's super easy. I got a little uh prolific uh
assistant add on for chrome and it just pops up every once in a while when I'm doing stuff and just click and then there's money.
And they'll build the little not notification pops up over anything to. So earlier I was sitting there playing Minecraft. It popped up over my game. Mm.
Yeah I do. Um there's this one political study,
but it's not like a website where there's a lot of studies. It's just one Annenberg or something it's called. And they send me a survey every month and then I get
$10 for it.
Just a second baby. You got to go You said. Yeah. The bus leaves at 3:25. Not like you walk out the door at 3:25. You have the phone or the key. Hello?
I love you too baby. She at midnight or so. Okay. She gotta go make the burgers. Mhm.
She's been there about a month now. Mhm. It's
not
too bad.
They don't have the dining room or open or anything. So it's just like
drive through a door dash.
All of my stuff is through mail so I don't see
any customers.
I do.
I just get the orders come through on my website and then I just I fill them in the at like five o'clock in the morning so that when the mailman comes I could just get from the packages.
No. Yeah. Hey if you make it to the end, you make it to the end. Doesn't really matter. You got there.
Yeah. This is april yeah.
I don't know if you're a fan of parks and rec Michelle
hi
stick.
Yeah. April ludgate karate dwyer. Yeah. Yeah. And then
No, she's actually, I'll be Plaza. Yeah. No
shit, rashida Plays and Perkins.
I
love it.
I've seen every episode 20 times. Yeah.
That's great. The two of them work so well together.
I like The Office too because if you watch it online you can get it with all the deleted scenes still included.
Yeah. The guy took the time and he got the DVD sets and he went through and he took the deleted scenes and put them back in the episode where they were supposed to be and
then
he uploaded it all. So yeah the
the extended version of The Office,
it's okay.
They have released different editions with like added stuff in them so.
I couldn't get into the new Star Wars movies at all. Yeah I tried to watch, I forget which one it was but I tried to watch one of them in the theater and I literally fell asleep. Yeah.
Yeah.
My friend's wife didn't even know there were old ones.
They blew her mind when I was like yeah you should see the ones back from the 70s then you haven't seen them and she was like what? They made these in the 70s.
She thought that they the the original Star Wars were newer and that they were just made to look retro.
Yeah she's a trip but I'm not married to my best friend is So
my wife's never seen any of the Star Wars films. Yeah. She hasn't seen a lot of stuff. Like she had never seen the Godfather series before I met her. She's never seen any Iraqi movies.
Never saw any predator movies.
Yeah, I'm the same way a lot of the time, like I have to be in the mood to watch a movie.
Yeah, I'm on Reddit every single day.
I think I made my first account in like 2009.
Yeah. Well, the thing is they got a lot of corporate interests now, so the advertisers don't want their ads to be shown on a subreddit card called R jailbait. Right?
Yeah.
Well,
that's what
happened.
That's what happened.
They took, they took all the fucking anger staff and they were harassing them. Like, like personally, like they got their contact info and stuff and started messing with them in real life. Not just the internet.
just like when they finally banned the donald that was because they were trying they were promoting the murder of police officers. Like they they got really mad about that whole thing in Oregon and they were like well people should get their guns up and go after them cops and they got their subreddit band.
The funny thing is that subreddit started out is making fun of donald trump and then it just slowly got taken over by actual trump supporters.
you did. And then
they've got without
the underscore just r the Donald, it's like it's one word and that's for Donald glover, that
one's for childish camp, you know?
Yeah. He's never done anything. I didn't enjoy like his acting, his fucking music, everything he does, his writing, everything is great.
It's
such a great
show.
You.
that's an amazing show.
I can't wait for season three. Mhm.
Well,
they said it's going to be coming out this summer, so we'll see.
Yeah, every single episode of that show is good though.
Yeah. And the other actors on that show are also really amazing, like the girl who plays his love interests as he beats. She's an amazing actress.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, hitting this thing too much. I had to up my nicotine so I don't feel like I need it all the time. Yeah.
The one day I got 11 political flyers in my mailbox, 11 Flyers of One Day, only two people live here.
Like I have five cats, so
like this wasn't a race where the two candidates are almost the same and you might not know who you want.
Yeah. Yeah. I just went in on election day. I live in a small town. There's nobody in the firehouse, so I just go up to the firehouse takes 10 minutes. I vote. Yeah.
Well, we've definitely gotten the 25 minutes in.
Nice meeting. You
have a good day. Bye bye.