good chance baby and characterized 25 minutes. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm.
Hello?
What? Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Hello? Yeah. Mhm. I can't see anything. Oh,
you see mine?
Oh, weird. Yeah, I see like a black screen with like a person outline and some headphones. Mhm. Damn.
I wonder if they want us to keep going. Mhm.
Um Well, if you just let me like uh started cute sort of time were real quick. Okay. All right. So my name is Hannah. I am 24 and I live in Kansas City and I'm a student in the social work program here.
Good. I'm glad to hear it. Um you know, with covid, it's difficult. Um things are definitely weird right now. I am currently in quarantine because I was exposed on Wednesday. Mhm. My chip that I'm doing for my last year of school, so I opened the white train navigate that and it has been complicated and confusing, but um, I feel lucky to have the support that I do, especially from my school. Mhm.
I don't have any symptoms. No, but on Wednesday, I was in the room with someone um at my internship who wasn't wearing a mask and she tested positive that day. So we all
have to quarantine to see if symptoms come up and then I got tested today. Yeah.
Yeah, it's hard, but it's not my first time, so I kind of know how to handle it now. Yeah,
This is only the second time I've ever been tested and I've never been positive. Mhm.
that's good to
hear.
Yeah, So true. I think it's hard living in a big city. I just think that the, it's much harder to contain. Um and I think truthfully that a lot of people are being very selfish in how they are continuing to live their normal lives when we just can't live our normal lives right now, unfortunately.
Yeah, perspective I think is important. So you said you had a child, are they doing virtual schooling? Are they school aged?
Wow, that's I'm glad that you're able to do that online learning is really hard and I think that a lot of kids are really struggling with that a lot of teachers are really struggling with it as well. And for me personally,
I
just
it's really hard for me to learn that way. It's just not my learning style because I'm very
much
I learned by doing things I learn by practice, so it's very difficult to do that when you're not with people in person
um because Look, I started attending when you got here and if we have 16 minutes left. Oh
what?
Oh no worries, no worries. Um It's something that it's kind of hard to remember. Have you, is this your first time doing one of these?
interesting.
You say 40 minutes,
I don't know.
Here.
that makes a
big
difference
I've noticed.
that's really
neat, I really enjoyed doing those, I think it's this is really interesting to get to talk to a lot of different kinds of people. Um So you are my third person that I've talked to and um I learned a lot about the other two people, their fields that they worked in. I found them both really interesting because it was fields that I had no experience in and didn't really understand. So they provided me a lot of education on that.
Um Main hobby is cooking, I really love to cook. Um So
when I'm not cooking sometimes I'm watching shows about cooking or reading about cooking,
especially in quarantine, it's just like I have barely had anything else to do it sometimes, so I just make like three or four things in one day.
to
be
that
sad,
I think that cooking is culture, you know food is our culture and it's such an important part of my family and reflecting on foods that I ate as a child that has very much sentimental value to me. I wish that other people felt the same. I think it's sad that many people don't feel connected to food and just eat to fill their stomachs.
I haven't cooked yet today, I actually haven't eaten yet today, I kind of forgot about it.
It really is. I just had, I had to go get that test this morning, so um that anxiety was kind of affecting me and just
made my appetite go down. So here it's 1 15. I just kind of forgot about it. But I'm I'm probably going to cook some carrot soup tonight.
I will say it's unlike
me.
I
usually am up and eating. It's my first thing.
No, I know it,
it's
something
I
would definitely lecture my clients on and here I am doing it.
Um both of my parents are have been teachers, so my mom teaches preschool special education and my dad taught in a locked
psychiatric
facility um throughout my childhood and then he moved into being a drug and alcohol counselor. So that's what he does now. But my mom is having to teach three and four year olds over zoom and she is having a very difficult time doing that. So she doesn't like her job very much right now. Unfortunately.
Can
you explain
what you do? You said your financial broker.
Oh sorry, your microphone cut out for a second there.
Okay, so you're a supervisor?
Uh huh. I see, that makes sense, that kind of. Um So I work right now at an outpatient program for Children who have serious mental health problems. Um and I do a lot of that kind of management under the table stuff where I try to get outcomes from them. Um But I like to try and make it them think that it's their idea.
I don't I'm not very intelligent in math and science, so it is definitely not rocket science. So I heard you at the beginning speaking another language, what other language do you speak?
I wondered
I have a friend who
is Bengali
interesting.
wow, that's so interesting. Um So is that not the only other language that you speak?
Are
you still there? Sorry?
yeah, yeah, I have a friend from India um and a friend from Bangladesh who both, wow, speak other languages at home. So I listening to them back when I used to go to their houses a lot in
junior high and high school, I always thought those were such beautiful languages, especially hindi, I think it's such a beautiful language.
Heard someone
speak
the language
from Kazakhstan
yesterday
too.
Sorry,
the
it keeps just cutting in and out. It's not it's not terrible. I get most of what you say, but every once in a while it kind of cuts out,
I'm
not
how to turn
it off to be honest.
I'm on safari if you have
Oh yeah, I do mm.
Um for me it says always allow or pause. Those are my two options.
Okay. It does sound a little bit more clear.
The
last
thing that you said. Oh looks
there we go. Okay,
is it
jeez
well, Well luckily for us we just hit 25 minutes so we may as well just end it while we're having technical difficulties.
Missouri? Yes, I'm in Kansas city Missouri.
Did
you miss it again?
I'm sorry.
I will.
Thank
you.