I quit. The short looks upon josh brown. Come I see. No, actually taken a total chapter detector.
G Bolin opal obviously obviously like them.
The problem with my camera actually, so I think it's better for us to have a video. What do you say? Oh hello.
Uh I was able to see before but now you are just the same as me. The black screen. Yeah.
I'm sorry about the previous sound sexual. Actually there was some uh our own public right there. Uh never made uh uh
Actually, so what do you think about starting this conversation with?
wow, that is a great profile. Well, uh to be uh clean, I'm Deborah, my age is almost 40 for this year and I'm a financial broker. I have a family of uh one child and my wife, my mother passed away. My father is still alive and basically this is my profile. Okay, so I live in currently florida and it's actually nice like life is going perfect. No issues. Such a big issues have been faced by, you know, life is going smooth. What about yours?
Wow. So, uh, why are you infected or you have some symptoms?
You're
well. Well, and that actually is that. And this is actually a sad news, you know? Uh,
well. Have you ever tasted before like too many times as you are saying?
well, uh, this is actually a good news. The COVID-19 institution in our place is not that bad actually right now. Uh, my area only people got affected by the violence. I think there was 9-10 people who were exposed. And uh, from the beginning, actually, our local management was outstanding. That made us very less vulnerable to coordinated. From the beginning. We were just completely shutting down everything locked, locked down. You know, the log don't think so. Basically the virus spread to our area, much less than I think any other place on florida. So everything will find
very,
very small amount of affected persons. And uh, literally no deaths. I don't know if any of our areas person has been died yet. So I have not heard anyone to to be going. So I think COVID-90 institution is well handled by our community here. And you know, the thing that uh, management is the biggest thing. If management goes well, everything goes well.
Uh, well, there's some things what to be stayed on this audition. You know, a person who lives their lives just as they are doing great. Uh, that doesn't actually see what is happening on the other side. On the other hand, actually, uh, you know, you don't see that the person is suffering and you think he's also having good times. This is what happens to us. I uh, if I am living fine, I think he's also living fine. If I'm living like a rubbish, I think he's also living established. So actually we can't actually judge by just seeing them. Uh, we need to know about small leaders such as a person who is rich enough, who is handling his family quite well in the span Dimmick situation. Even he is spending donations much more than an average person will do on a normal times. So this doesn't mean that he's spending much money means his uh, literally doing selfishness or something. He's also do anything, you know? So thing happens, you know? Yes.
My child is on 8th grade right now. And yeah. At the beginning I made him stop going to the school because I thought that was uh very contagious place for spreading covid 19, and schooling was uh still available for the first month, and then the whole schooling system won't shut down. And after that online methods came up front and everyone was doing online classes, something like that. But after several months last month, the online class thing was just, you know, vanished away and no one cares about it, No one actually attends. The uh the teachers are not very attractive attentive towards students, so it doesn't just work out well. So I borrowed a private teaching tutor for my student, my child, you know, so he doesn't lack his what is it educations for? You know, so that he doesn't like education. So I decided to have a private tutor instead of just depending on the school.
You
know
this girl?
I don't
think that you.
That is quite correct. So uh I joined late, did I?
actually
I'm sorry that I gave some latency. Uh It was not intentional, you know, I was kind of busy towards the day and it made me uh do this latency. So sorry about that, you know?
No, this is not the first time, it's actually the second before last, last week. On the on monday maybe. Huh? On last monday I made another conversation with a person, What was his name? And his name was Michael. Yeah, his name was Michael and he was from Chicago. Uh You know his,
to be honest, he was a nice guy. Uh Friendly, warm. Yeah, I like the person to be honest. Uh Our conversation went along 40 minutes, I think that was long. Uh but
yeah, 40 minutes actually,
you know? Uh sometimes, so we started talking to someone and it actually feels good to be talking uh Currently when we start the conversation We just feel that we just need to pass the 25 minutes time slot so that we can just uh complete the different study, just, you know, just complete the conversation, but when
we start talking to a person and we share emotions to each other, it just feels like we should be friends, you know? So this is kind of thing that makes us human, you know? So it happens, Michael was a great person. Uh he was the best thing was he was just as my age, so we had a
lot
of
experience.
Uh yeah, he uh he had some great experience just as I do, so it made us talk more and more And uh and then the conversation went along almost 41 minutes I think. Uh Mia Bennett, thank
you.
Uh well, uh yeah, what are your hobbies,
Uh
wow, you are just thinking about cooking all the time, I think uh
well uh such persons are there to find, you know, uh cooking is kind of nowadays, woman's literally hate cooking on separate time, woman just like cooking is my passion, something like that. And nowadays who cooks just order food from restaurant something like you know, my
wife
always
does
this.
Uh Yeah, well, uh what special dish did you made today? Anything?
It's almost 11 15 and you still didn't have breakfast and that is so rude to yourself.
The japanese.
so I thought as as of my time, 11 15, I thought you were rude to yourself. And now as you're saying that your time is 1 15, I think you are literally killing yourself. Don't know this man, don't do this. You should get pulled. You know getting
what
is
important.
You're saying you're up and eating and you didn't have breakfast. Well it is time for landfill really? Uh
That
was funny
you
know.
Uh So what did your family members to whatever your family.
Take
me with you.
Oh that is something uh My
father
was
yeah I'm a financial broker. You know something like uh explain how to explain that uh You know every bank. Yeah.
Well do you know every bank? Uh Well there's a section at my place. Every bank I am currently employed here. My main job is to handle customers to actually uh by our stuffs. You know by our services such as getting loans from us, getting mortgages from us and uh getting more saving seconds or uh graduate seconds from us. It's actually my main part of the job. So I actually uh state of this just to make sure that uh customers does not feel uncomfortable while they are inside our premises. And actually that is the main part of my job. Just two more uh supervise other colleagues that they are giving their best to grab our customers. You know uh
kind of not actually but kind of because that team, you know not actually supervisor but more of a team leader. So I have a team. Our our main target is to fill at a uh kill some company given targets within the month. And I am the leader of the team. And I actually manage the team you can say. But I also do the work stuff so that my colleagues doesn't actually think that I am kind of using them. So I also use my uh times to do my job and helping them with the best I can and providing them the best that team leaders actually can. So that they don't actually feel that I am using.
yeah, I think that is quite, uh, you know, they're sexually something uh, gone for over my head. You know, I didn't actually get what you say. Just listen something like you are doing some rocket science things and just like this. Uh, huh.
Uh, actually, that was uh, you know, Bangle e
there
from Bangladesh,
uh, eastern. Uh, that is a country
Tunisia, hmm. Their language at 1952 of great. That made a great history, you know, and uh, yeah, that languages on a great premises that's inspired by a lot of people. And uh, I learned the language while I was on my college, he had three friends who came on a scholarship from Bangladesh and they actually uh maybe language they are almost forced me you know uh friends do this stuff so at the end I completed learning Bangla and here I am I can now speak Bangla if I want. Yeah.
um I barely speak spanish and
speak
a little of yeah I am uh and also I speak a little of you know what is called, the language maybe is called, what is it Hendy? Uh Yeah hindi that is hindi I barely know something about that but I am actually quite interested and sometimes do speak bitch. Yeah that is just great you know using other languages just fine you get to know about other countries, you get to know about other people, you get to know about other things. This is life and life is good.
I
mhm, mhm Yeah and the and the language
is
quite
beautiful
and
quite
uh uh Sorry, I didn't get that. Yeah,
it's hard
work.
yeah, I think I just think that maybe you should turn off your uh cameras so that the connection actually mainly focused on voice, that would be great. I think what do you say? Mm
the voice
is cutting out
because
well just follow followed by, Are you using chrome?
Safari Oh well uh suffer maybe uh at the end of the link there's a button that looks just like a camera, can you see that? Uh
just click on that and you'll find an option to always block camera and microphone access. Look
huh toilet uh just see like whatever it is instead of always above and is best done. I think that will work.
mm And you
want
to hear?
Sorry?
Yeah. Okay. Uh now it is getting more, even
your sound
is coming. Cut it.
Uh Yeah I think so. So uh just one last question we stayed at him from
You got it all wrong? Yeah far better than this so that I could actually understand what you're just saying. Well uh
whatever
it is
uh wish you will go up. Okay just forget it. Uh I'm wishing you good afternoon. And there's there's a small request and there's a small request. Uh go go and have some breakfast. You should actually
go have
something
but okay but I hope we can actually see each other someday.