wow. Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah. Mhm mm. Yes. No outside Oh okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah.
Hey how's it going?
That's all right, don't worry about it. Um
I'm pretty good. What about you?
Yeah but I personally wouldn't complain.
Mhm.
Yeah same. Well it's good to hear, good to have somebody uh you know, easy going and ready to go forward.
Yes it is, it's my roommates.
I do have this little nicer pink Floyd.
Yeah that's the one I like,
It's from 66.
uh that's my roommates uh I'm I like them, I'm not like I said it's not my poster though, but I do like uh I find like artistic value and it's very aesthetic. Nice color pool um decorative,
yep. Are you a fan?
So
this is
be yours
all
but
that's the same thing with my generation and the ones between us I know a lot of stuck up people my age, yeah. Mhm.
like
in books or published like paperback?
huh.
Um Well I'm not an artist myself, but I did used to work in a web design around two or three years ago. Yeah,
so I do I did study a little bit of the, I guess the principles of art, you know, balance color and white space and stuff like that. Mhm.
No, I'm not really in that business anymore um before um all of this before the pandemic. Um I was working in a wholesale floral company uh managing pretty much of the marketing department, Yeah,
just pretty much uh I don't know, sales generating leads getting on instagram, getting the website, just getting everywhere, we could possibly maybe be seen, you know?
yeah, I agree.
I was going to ask about, oh, you said that you've worked online uh even not just because of the pandemic, you have been doing this
too.
it's not something
Hmm, that's interesting. Mhm.
I don't, yeah, it is to me, I sold on ebay and amazon as well. I used to sell stuff on holidays when there was a lot of search traffic for like uh nutcrackers and decorative of Yeah, but I don't do it anymore because um I don't know, I think that I did it like four or five years ago and recently the past five years resettling on Ebay has exploded in the margins have gotten smaller, there's more competition.
Yeah.
huh. Yeah.
I know. Mhm.
All I could think of is they had to buy from like a liquidator like in a state sale. But even acquiring a book at a penny like that is a long shot.
What?
But
they
Um I have my timer started or at 14 minutes. Yeah if you want I can tell you when, when the 25 hits.
my alarm will go off.
Yeah. I was going to ask you something I forgot. Oh
the did you notice an increase in volume of work online after the beginning of the pandemic? Because I personally have experienced uh have
been like positively
benefit
I mean in general I guess.
I don't know. I think I agree. I think there's also a demand you have to think also the employers are working online so
and
and there's a lot of like um universities like research centers that are doing a lot of like surveys are um studies
on on how people have been impacted by the virus. So there's a lot of work that actually comes from it happening itself. Like they're doing studies on on how people are being mentally affected and mhm. How habits change and stuff.
Um Yeah I got I got to go through my bookmarks because there's a lot um But for what first surveys or general work?
usually do like focus groups and like research studies. Do
you know what
those are?
But
Yeah that's that's a good one. They have a couple of resources.
uh this one's pretty good, this was probably one of the best. Um
I'm actually new to this one. Let me check my bookmarks. Um
it's pretty good. It's a phone application.
probably like four. And I think that most my best results are from the studies the focus group and research studies but you do have to apply and you do have to qualify and you do get disqualified But when you do them the pay is higher than a lot of other work. And I personally calculated how long it takes me to apply and like how many studies
on
average to apply to land and the math says it. I make better money there than other places even after getting disqualified. Like more than half of the time so.
Yeah I agree. Yeah
but yeah I think that they're a little harder to start doing because since they're higher paying the employers are more selective and they're actually going to get you on the phone and they're gonna make sure that what you say matches what what you put in the application and they're going to like test you and make sure you're serious and you fit. But but like I said if you you know if you learn a bit about it and you're like uh I'm not your strategic and you can present yourself professionally and be serious. Um It's a good option. Mhm.
huh.
That's
probably
true.
Yeah. I haven't thought about that. That is true. A lot of the studies are unlike it's like millennial stuff like apps and technology and netflix usage. Mhm.
because you're you're There's like 20
or 30 big companies that contract you so if you get caught they blacklist you and you lose business. You can't
yeah. There's only so many companies you you have to Mhm. Be good.
Yeah, that's true. What are those pictures on your wall if you don't mind me asking?
No, I
I see. It sounds good. I've never been on one so I'm trying to envision it, but I can't
trauma.
I think that there's a lot more important things at least at this point right now. Yeah, Unfortunately.
How long have you been on prolific?
Week
actually like Yeah, we,
Yeah,
But I've heard good reviews. I've read some good stories so I decided to try it out.
Sounds
good.
of course.
Alaska.
Yeah, I see it. I'll save it. Thank you. Mhm.
Come.
Yeah, it's not. Uh
Yeah, I have a Mac book. Yeah.
Why?
Uh you can get a USB camera for like $20 on Amazon, it's like decent.
Mhm. Yeah, I get it. I don't
I don't
mind
but
I grew up on the
computer so I feel like accepting. I guess there are more open minded. Yeah, I
guess
also vulnerable.
I
mean
I think the internet is a dangerous place and I think that even if you're not involved in anything bad just like having a facebook account can be like
come promising your data and identity.
Yeah, me too.
No
new Delhi.
Oh, I see it.
It's
Yeah, of course.
you don't like that You didn't Okay
of
course. Uh huh
I agree it's
complicated and that
is a pretty big business now.
pretty much
but
go ahead.
Yeah I agree. What we could do is be informed and try to be careful and be smart
And yeah that's what I think but um I just wanted to let you know that it's been about 30 minutes so
I
appreciate
you
yep. All right I'll see you. Okay thank you I appreciate it.
Have a good one.