Hello greetings.
I'm doing okay. I've got a little bit of a primitive system so the imagery might not be very good. Yeah.
the voice is the same. How are you doing?
Okay. This is kind of a strange assignment isn't it? We're supposed to talk for 20 minutes.
I know it's it's not a complaint at all. It's different uh
on be very happy to chat with you for a time. Yeah.
Now I was looking at you got artwork is that a skeleton a fun of all behind you?
I like very gothic. Mhm.
Ah Even better. Yeah.
yeah I've never seen that before. That's nice.
It's okay wow. Are you a fan of pink Floyd? Mhm.
Yeah. Oh yeah.
Um yeah I can admit it. uh I followed them since the 60s. Uh huh.
Although
they have
well I can
relate to it I mean that let's make me uh technically a boomer. Um I don't think I have all the, I mean, have you, I've seen that. Okay, boomer, um I'm still trying to think of what it means. Some of the points that I've seen made really are accurate. I mean, I have to say there's a lot of asshole boomers out there
perhaps.
Yeah, I can't say I know many people your age, in fact, uh, I live kind, my wife is disabled, so I home and take care of her. And so my lifestyle is really not affected by the virus isolation because this is what I do all the time. Uh, his work off the computer. Uh, I did have a book business I was doing for years, but that eventually imploded a few months ago, um, her to sell books online.
It's
uh, all right, physical books, um, paperbacks don't sell as well as they used to, but uh I restore books and that's one of my favorite things to do. It's it's really then uh take the most beat up tattered book and rebuild it. It's just it takes a lot of time, a lot of effort and it's hard to get compensated for that much time and effort because people aren't buying books as much, but that's I still I'd rather be doing that. Um and it's kind of a calling. Um I did uh
I've worked as a painter and it's done some shows uh that's why it and you've got an artistic background. I mean the way you were talking about the palette and the aesthetic presentation and all that, so what do you do? Mm hmm.
wow.
in fact you've got a more formal background than I do. Um I just started making a lot of shitty paintings uh hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and it's if you do enough of them eventually, something is going to be good. Yeah. Kind of the shotgun theory of success, I mean just keep trying and uh something will turn out good, but it's another hard way to make a living uh selling paintings and stuff. Is that you want to do is do the web design or. Yeah.
Well that sounds interesting. Yes.
all right, well you know I just paid profession, I mean it's not doctors, it's not lawyers, maybe it is but sale if if you know if your salesman uh that is an art that is a skill and uh it can be rewarding, it can be fun. Uh It's good. Yeah.
Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. It's
Oh yeah. Um I sold through Ebay and amazon mostly and
I'm um got up to $40-$55,000 a year, gross sales. It's not huge, but if there's, you know it's not bad either and uh
and my costs were very very low because you know I did all the labor and acquired stuff very cheaply so and I'd like to do it again sometime but uh there is a bit of overhead too, keep that going, it's just, it got harder and harder and harder every year, just a little less. Yeah, you know, I'm taking a break from it but probably. Yeah.
I don't know if it's interesting or not but thank you for saying that.
there is more competition in the fees that they they take, I mean you've got to have a certain base price to even make an item worth messing with. I mean it's like you can, I don't know it seems like years ago if you had something that was a dollar 50 and you could sell enough of them, you'd make money. But Now I don't think you can do that with a dollar. It has to be at least $10. Maybe prior. I mean it's volume alone just doesn't get it anymore. The costs are too high. Okay.
Maybe it's just the stuff on selling uh you can't, I mean they used to sell books for penny. Oh
how can you money doing that? I mean they still have some listings for a penny. But uh how do you do that? I mean you've got your shipping costs and all that and if you're selling an item for a penny, how do you make money acknowledge?
Yeah.
Ocean. Well. Yeah. Well and the base bees or higher um. E bay just Ebay is expensive to sell on. They, they take a big cut and so does amazon, but not
quite as bad. Excuse me. My voice. Uh huh. It was good. So
I don't
know. Do they have a on this or did you happen to notice the time or? Uh
Oh sure because I have no way of seeing that. So uh,
okay. You're prepared
the
for
luck.
Uh, Stefan prolific.
Well, uh, yeah. Big time. I oh, it's wondered about that because it would seem that more people are stuck at home. There'd be more competition for making money online. But to me it seems like it's easier to make money online now that we've got. How does that work?
What a flower. Yeah, that's a good point. And
you know what,
what?
Yeah. My income from surveys and things has gone way up. I mean it's so easy to and there's so many of them available. That's uh yeah. I mean just sit at the computer. Do you use any other sites other than prolific?
All right, just to make money online? Yeah.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I do. Uh That's those are a little harder to get. I started doing gift surveys, which can be a pain. Um The enumeration is still level. Um I
don't know. I would getting leads off on Reddit. Beer money. Uh I think that's what they call it beer money. Um
Do you have a favorite?
Oh, I agree.
Oh. Uh Let's see. Cora no not uh Q. M. E. Kill me. Mhm.
It's yeah, that's something that's one of the um you know, I go through preferences that's down on the list, but uh it's not too bad, you know, wow. Oh yeah. How many hours a day do you spend doing this? Uh.
What
for?
Yeah. No it's yeah you're pretty good. That's uh I'm not that organized but you're thinking about it, that's I think the studies are a lot more fun to, I mean you're not like revealing a new coffee, drink, things like that. I mean that's kind of boring but a lot of the things asking how you think and how you are impacted and you know how you see society and uh that's a lot more fun to do. What?
huh. Yeah.
I think I can risk saying this, but there is an h factor at least for me. Um A lot of times there's a number of things that I'm just not eligible for because of my age. Uh
There's less of a market and people aren't as interested in hearing opinions from boomers as they would somebody younger. Um
I
thought
my age but I don't think I could pull it off tour.
I mean I can fake it, but. Oh as that if you get known as a fake then you don't get any work. I mean it's
you must
from everybody.
Be good. I like that.
Oh um actually I got married at sea and half of them are from when I originally got married, the ones with the longer hair and then the shorter hair, we renewed our vows. Let's see again. So there their their wedding pictures um a big time difference in there. But uh no it's kind of fun. I hate admitting that I got married on a cruise ship because
well, the virus, I mean, uh but they look at uh cruise ships now as uh floating Petri dishes is heard it described, Let's take a bunch of germs and stick them together and uh mhm. But actually when I was looking at, we eloped, I was looking at uh you know, the cost of a wedding, you know, the bar tab and the halls and all that stuff. Um if you do it on a cruise, it's all taken care of in one price, the flowers, the photographers, everything, it makes it easy. And to me that was really worth it. What? American republicans?
what? Um actually, when you hear about the, the pollution that they do, uh, emissions, they're not very, it's not a green industry. Uh it's, you know, they dump list into the oceans, uh, all in all, you know, it that's why I said, I was a little hesitant to admit that I was married on a cruise because the cruise industry sucks in a lot of ways. I mean, if you're going to look at the morals of industry, they suck because they're, they're not very moral and they're losing money. They want to get bailed out because, you know, right now, a lot of the cruises are just closed. I mean, nobody will get on one even if they were open because of the, uh, pandemic and they want to get bailed out. And I don't know if that would be on the top of my list of, you know, where government money or help should go. Especially a lot of the cruise lines are, you know, from like Bermuda or you know, offshore, but they still a lot of, uh, american tax dollars boy. I'm sounding like an older person already. But
no I don't think they deserve a bailout. Uh
Good. Yeah. Okay we agree on that. Uh huh.
Oh about three months. But so how about you?
I
over wow. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah it's one of my favorite sites for just picking up extra money. Um I did just get offered a work at home position. Uh They want people to help the state of Wisconsin uh is hiring people to be online uh assistant for uh unemployment benefits and they they're paying $13 an hour. You do 3 12 hours tips. I start next week and you never house. Um I don't know it's obviously not a long term position but because of all the unemployment I guess they need help desperate legs. So I'm gonna start doing that for a bit 72 7 p.m. I don't know
just
said it. Um Yeah yeah Having a business doing this or selling online I spent a lot of times to keyboard you know almost chain to it at times. Uh and I was putting in 12 to 16 hour days a lot of entry and typing and uh that was the bulk of the business. Uh I don't know it's sometimes it's it's fun to do other things to get up and get away from the keyboard but
uh still is if you can make a living and typing us I'll do it. Mhm. Um Oh the name of the company? Uh Al Orica
Yeah yeah. Uh It's a Larnaca at home I think if you google that you know uh it would take you to the application website if you're interested.
oh there's a way to fill the day. 12 hours are doing unemployment applications. Uh But let's see what is that? Uh Oh I can't even too much coffee this morning. Um
It's still it's not bad for a day. Uh Yeah. Right
but are using a laptop
Uh
Oh no I I've got a desktop and with very ancient camera this Oh God this camera is probably 15 years old, I I need to upgrade.
Uh This is a very old USB camera, it doesn't track very well but uh yeah I've never really had that much use for it until lately, like the month or two. I've been doing a lot of stuff on camera and to me that's new to me that sounds it's different uh going to the doctor uh on camera, things like that is I mean the world was going to come to that sooner or later, I mean it's inevitable but this is accelerating it and to me it's a big change, I mean are you comfortable, I mean doing your business, video on camera uh staring into a USB camera uh talking to an actual person right there in front of you.
How
is
it? Yeah,
I still find it a little uncomfortable. Yeah.
Well
by
that
Oh wow, that's an interesting, what do you mean vulnerable if you don't mind? It's
just
um and also
well
big time actually I've completely stopped using anything facebook. Mhm.
Well just the way they track you uh even do use uh any kind of like ghost ary or anything to a program to to see who's watching you. Yeah,
mm Oh um I use ghost story and you can it's got
its yeah G H O A S T E R Y. Ugly. Yeah
and no you have that running and it's got something in the corner which tells you which programs are watching and you know who's watching and you can approve some or or uh but facebook and google we're on so many sites. I mean even
doing online banking and facebook is watching me.
Uh huh. I kind of had a you know like I like a little privacy please uh not what I'm banking. I thought that information out anywhere um kind of spoke me at so I just used uh oh the tor browser and ghost tree and yeah uh all those things that uh it's amazing how many people are watching some of the sites that you know just going through. There's 40 people are 40 sites places that are keeping track of you know where it's valuable information they want to see who's clicking on what and I am. I didn't grow up in the computer age and I don't like that.
No, I don't like um somebody making money tracking my uh browsing habits, you know, is
selling
I mean if I if I offer it, that's one thing, but if you're just you know, basically taking it because they can uh have a little problem with that. Uh huh.
report
great.
well yeah. Uh google facebook uh amazon two Yeah, more powerful than governments in many ways.
I mean I
don't
yeah. Oh I don't want to sound like I'm I'm paranoid a new angle devices but uh it is a changing world and I don't know what I'm worry. Um Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. They have also well
I thought it had been time. So um so we've we've done our it's been a pleasure talking with you, I've
enjoyed
it
and uh good luck and well I guess we just close this out.
bye now.