Hello.
How are you? Oh
thank you. The same.
I eat them.
nice to meet you too. So it's the first time you joined this uh survey,
Well
the second
one we can
put it.
just talked to one
guy. I'm not sure about the volume but the conversation went well. Yeah it's a great conversation.
I'm living
in the U. S. I am but originally I am from Azerbaijan.
Yes. I over.
What?
In school. M.
P. H. D. Student at universal supply. Of what? So yeah.
father I single. So for the michigan university. Yeah
similar
definitely.
I actually don't like the hectic cities. Like we are going to like this. That's why I went for the first time I came to the United States. My family very concerned that it's the first time I go outside and yeah and the distance is very a large but functionally I always small city friends with friends with people. That's why. Yeah. I feel very good.
Finance.
Yeah, interesting. What I would like to switch to maybe software engineer. Some clear has changed. Yeah. How about your, your
What was
that? Yeah. Yeah. I have the manifest from the chemical engineer. Yeah. I'm always joking that I am finance person. But most of my friends are engineers. Persons of them are computer engineers. The rest of the chemical engines. Oh
Uh then one year.
Yeah. It's just playing. Yeah.
bring it. But I got a chance to visit some parts of the United States like the texas Dallas what's Angeles? A year ago? Uh Yeah. Yeah. Half the way I will explore the other places as well.
No, it's
part.
Thanks.
and people are
watching me that the distances very close. Why
you don't go there
is what,
do you recommend me to come to the michigan?
what?
Yeah. This summer I was planning to go to Chicago actually. Yeah. My summer flood. But I'm first with because of coming. Yeah
What also invited me to go to Chicago and the east part of the United States and new york boston. But I declined the offer because it is at the center of the Koroma so it's not safe to travel.
The great Kenyan is in the, which
said
I was okay. Yes.
Is there any hotel or seems near to Great Canyon to stay there?
well.
Well.
Uh Any snakes around there.
the snake is the only animal I am afraid of.
That's
why, yeah. When I go somewhere, I always check even for Iowa before coming here, I checked that the snakes in Iowa, but surprising when we have the some snakes, never when I talk to people, they got surprised that I always cold place. But my indian friends see some of them like on the Russ. That's why
I always have to keep myself at home. Let's go outside
alone because of most people. But
scott
I'm always thinking about
the places
like the great opinion or the, some places like the Egyptian Egypt or the other places uh personally because of the snakes and some like the desert animals.
I always thought on my, I will never go to those places.
You know, I'm just google them and well she took videos and I am satisfied that that's okay. Yeah.
All
no,
the
fall.
Uh huh. Okay.
All
Yes. Spoil,
Yeah,
look better. It's in my hip to waist level. Different. Yeah. Your encouragement. How
was
Hi?
that's a lot of work. Especially in the second year because the first year is okay because you don't have too much work just studying. But in the second year you need to please, you need to study and you also have the research and you need to deal is always yeah, cumbersome.
have a good master.
It's
sorry,
I actually didn't touch yet.
I just graded part grading part. But
this with you. I will. So after that I open, but most of
time
I like to explain the things to my
friends. uh let's say that you explained very well in the simple, that's why I think I like it and I let's say let's see what's happening. Yeah.
I
I really like to explain those things. Like it is a way of ISIS and to explain the definition because sometimes you go for a student asked me what is the definition of the something I said, just check for good definition, like I'd say just for memorization, but understanding concept is very important. I think that's why I just focusing on the inside edge. That's essentially learning this stuff and memorize them and forget the later. But to be honest, the academic part, I jumped from the bachelor degree to PhD so it was expecting the difference thing, but in academia I saw how to say it's not what I was expected. Hello? Yeah, I was expecting that. It would like I will have the project in my mind and the faculty will be open to these five years. However it's not working why I think you know we're a case. The
faculty
first
off
they have some closure topics when they pursue, that's why
when you bring the something videos they said that no one
in effectively is interested
in this pocket.
Is there
Britain doubt That's why. Yeah. For instance, I would like to choose some pockets related mention learning and finance. Uh
Brand new at the trending topics but the faculty are not often to these ideas for
the clincher and convention targets. Tax purpose. Finance.
Yeah. That's why uh it's just uh help say that changed my uh sauce about the staying in academia. I would like yeah go today industry and the birth again because I just one before that I worked for the company uh
while working you have the small tax test and you see the results
immediately and not
the reward immediately. It keeps you motivated. But in ph d. N. You need to click on the one project bond here at the end. You don't know the results. It may be good or bad. That's why it's not for me.
What?
That's why I said okay that's nothing like place. So probably I believe up to the second year but there are so many issues
related to Visa
or
the something. That's so it's another. Yeah. Let's see.
Thank you very much. Uh Yeah. Actually
this goal when I entered the university in my country the the language of interaction is totally in english for the first semester. It was really hard for us because in school we just learned the glamour. Not this big car. That's why I had it. Uh huh. And self study. I think that's by being helped a lot
in
what?
Thank
you.
Well
yeah. Uh when I came here the first time we have some english exam for the teaching consistence. I felt this example. Um yeah,
I don't know why but the family that we have the higher requirements and after just one
year in May I again took the ISM and got a personally. So Yeah.
But yeah the current May. I'm just trying also working
on
my most provinces. Sorry, pronunciation part Because I know that I speak 25. I have some problems with sounds and then our stress. Yeah.
well.
thanks.
Thanks
very much. Yeah.
I think I take the advantage
of my country, my country uh
kids between the europe and Asia. That's why uh we have so many people in our country with for
instance
in our country, everybody, our language is Azerbaijani but
other people uh lost
the Russian variable like
the second language also like offshore second language in our country. And also the people in our country there special. My peers speaks english like the americans. They have zero accident. I think that I am pure representational because of my accent. But uh we we have very good ears. I think
that helps
while
learning the languages.
I think the visiting Los Angeles. Yeah. That is the best thing I do in the United States because I really really love special. I was sitting in the basement and there is there is there some street, I am not sure the name of. It was so many white around it amazed me as there is some white glory and inside it when I look on the part of the BBA I see the sunlight. It's like they have said the fairy tale. I really like it. It's the first thing come up
Generally I don't know so many things and that um happened to me and the change my life. Here it goes. I was like the mom's job. My mom took care of the everything at home. Even cook for exclusive cleaning everything. When I came here for the first time it was really hard to take care of the cleaning and cooking because I have this zero sq on that and also this guy been living alone all of them I think is the perfect parts of my life that I learned here. That special. Yeah.
Did you did you visit the an international uh countries
like
the countries
and something you
like?
bye.
The
the weather of our country is practical. So Italy there's the same
that
the weather of
our country
is in us in the
Italy.
Well it's
the climate and picture of this year. Yeah and ego. And which city interview with?
Well and
the
uh you say the Turkey as well.
how
you will definitely love it. Yeah. I visited the Istanbul and also Israel uh Israel when I visit to Israel, Israel is white house say the modern city of the White close. The mother city of America very close in terms of the culture and the people bothered with. But in Istanbul, Istanbul is very beautiful but so many people there. I got it and say oh my gosh
yet
we
they have the beautiful and the animals, the palaces and the full of the cultural scenes and the historical things I
spent like the living four or five hours in just one palace two. yeah. To see the interesting amazing. I definitely recommend to go to the Cherokee.
to go to the new Zealand. The airplane goes through the plastic ocean or through the atlantic.
Oh
what The diabetic flight from my country to the United States is 15 overs.
But yeah but I just came here through the layovers and spent the 35 overs. It was like the mystery
the worst
day ever. Yeah I'm
very like
Yeah it has the same. I can't imagine the long cover
travel. I
have this. Yeah.
But
Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to visit my country but my family planning to come here
in summer but
you
know because of the cover it again.
I don't want to go out there because I want them to come.
And the sea around the United. Yeah. I don't know. I
see. Yeah
my mother uh
never go outside of the country but my father did. That's why I always say that my mom your first time flight will be very long be prepared. Travel. Yeah.
Yeah.
yes thank you very much. It's really great to talk to you