Yeah. Yeah, I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi.
Doing well. How are you?
What is, what is, what is your name?
How you know? My name is? Ryan, Nice to meet you.
Uh huh. No, this is actually the 4th 1. So this is my, this morning. My last one.
How about you? Is this your force first or
second
Who
have you spoken to so far perhaps?
Thank you.
I, I spoke to a woman from Canada and then, uh man, that was originally from India, but we're living in Alabama, which was pretty interesting because that was kind of a culture shock I think for him. But I talked to another guy camera where he was from. But it's been kind of interesting. So where are you currently located?
you.
Did you say Iowa?
Okay. I'm in michigan, so we're several hours away, but I've been
to Iowa. So are you uh in school or working in Iowa? You know?
But
So I went to the University of Michigan, so we are big 10 enemies. But actually one of, one of my best friends went to Iowa, so it's a great school.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, one of my best friends went to Iowa. So I, I've uh I know a lot about it. It's a, it's a very nice campus in the cool, cool, cool.
So,
Good. So you have a PhD students? Huh? What are you studying?
Finance? Okay. Very interesting.
I actually was a chemical engineer, I work, I work more as a manager now, but my daughter is, I have a daughter who's a sophomore and she's looking at software engineering. So she's been, she's been starting that, that's what she's going to go to school for. Hopefully here in a few years.
What?
Well you know finance, finance and engineering are very I mean if you're a numbers person uh that's kind of the two places you land. Yeah either into their in engineering or finance so but it's just, how long have you been stateside
one year. Okay.
Have you have you been to the United States before coming for school? Okay.
Yeah. You know I have you been to Chicago yet?
The guy that's
not that's not too
far from Iowa I think that's only about I think about three or four hours. It's not too bad. Yeah
and
thanks.
No I mean it's I mean it's it's difficult when you come over I'm sure you're getting used to transportation and all that is tough but Chicago it has a lot to offer. It would be a very fun trip that you could make pretty without a lot of cost. You know, I mean obviously, you know, flying around, it gets expensive but you can make it to Chicago and it pretty rent a car and get there pretty cheaply. So I would recommend it, Chicago is very nice too. I was
in Minneapolis and that's also not too far. I, I really love Minneapolis. Minneapolis might be my favorite city in the United States, but maybe not the most exciting. There's a lot more exciting stuff to do in Chicago. But Minneapolis is is really, really nice and clean and safe and I like Minneapolis too. I've looked here in michigan my whole life. So if it's in the midwest, I've been there at some point.
Michigan is, if you go to the, to the coast, the west side of michigan is really, really nice. Um There's a lot of beaches and it's it's a very uh people always think of if you've never been to lake Michigan you think of it as a lake but it's closer to an ocean. It's really really large. You can't you can't see across it. It's it's enormous. So and it's fresh water so it's it's not salt water so it's it's very nice. But
yeah I mean michigan michigan is good. I think I would go to Chicago first because you can see like michigan from Chicago to and they have beaches there plus they have all the plays and all the different restaurants and things there. So.
Oh I know everybody's summer plans were shot. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It stinks. You know this summer was supposed to be, my family was going to go to the Grand Canyon. Uh And you know tour that which would have been a really really fun trip. The same thing. It's just with Corona and just not comfortable going to hotel rooms and I'm not, you know, so of course it's hopefully the next year maybe to never. Uh huh.
Arizona
Arizona.
Yeah so it's about maybe four or five hours from Los Angeles if you go back east. Yeah.
so there's there's two ways to go. I went many years ago and I wanted to bring my kids, you can stay in the national park and there's there's very nice lodges that are you know like fancier hotels. Um We have to book those way in advance. And then outside of the park there's a little town called twice A. Union T. U. S. A. U. Why? Why? Um That has
a bunch of hotels but it's about 25 minutes outside of the Grand Canyon South. So most people stay there because it's hard to get into the actual uh the actual uh huh. State or national park lodges. When I went, we stayed in the lodge which was amazing because uh you're right, literally you could throw a rock from your room into the Grand Canyon
and the animals are so used to people there that my my wife, we went for our honeymoon and when we would wake up we would walk outside and the deer would walk right up to you. It was kind of scary because there are large animals but they're so tame and they're so they just come right up and they want to get pet and they want they want some food and it's it's a kind of a surreal experience to wake up and see the beautiful sunrise and have the animals. It's like being in a Disney movie. Yeah,
there are but I didn't see any any of them. I believe me if I saw him, I think the whole world would have heard because I'm terrified of snakes. Oh
me
too.
It's
think
you know it's funny. They I don't know what it is about them because they're not they're not there are dangerous snakes of course, but most of them aren't going to bother you, but I'm
with you. I'm terrified of them. I've seen a few and I run like a you wouldn't believe.
So
it
You
No.
I don't know if you if you get an opportunity uh to go to the Grand Canyon before you know before you return home if you if you're planning to uh I would recommend it. It is breathtaking in its I really that's one of the reasons why I want to make sure I bring my kids. It's it's I've been to you know uh Mount Rushmore and I've been to the Niagara Falls and you know I've been to a
lot of these different places
and they're all they're all nice and into the Badlands up in uh Yosemite International Power. But the Grand Canyon was the only one that just literally just took my breath away. I could not believe
it
when you see it. Yes
though the best most interesting thing when I was the first time I was there I was looking down into the canyon, it's just enormous and I saw this little path and I thought wow that's so funny. It looks like I couldn't see anything on the path. And I took the binoculars that they had And I looked and there was 14 donkeys with people on them on the path. And it's so deep that I couldn't see, I couldn't even tell there was anything on the path.
It's amazing. Yeah.
Yeah,
incredible.
But
you know it's hard to fit all that stuff in. I'm sure when you're also doing a PhD because you've got a lot of I'm sure you're not
I'm sure you don't lack work, that's a lot of work.
Yeah. That's a lot. I was just gonna ask you if you have to do any teaching as well so. Yeah.
Yeah that's that's that's an added layer of uh difficulty because it's really a skill set that, you know, not everybody has, but they assume you have it because you're going for your PhD and say well that's a tough one, It's it's it's a different skill. So
do you enjoy that part of it or no?
Do you enjoy the teaching part of it or is it just what you have to do?
And
Nobody
On
the street.
That
If you're if you're if you're if that's a skill you have, then I'm sure you'll be good at it. It's just not, not everybody has the ability to communicate. You know, sometimes people know how to do things, but they don't know how to communicate, other people how to do it. So if
that's something that you do it, that's good.
is
it more more than
they
have like they want this batch of research done there kind of pushing you that direction? Is that more what it is?
Thanks
and
thanks.
I never
thought of that.
Yeah.
Pattern
Yeah. It's interesting that they wouldn't communicate that to you before you committed to going to school there because it feels like that should have been a little bit more back and forth. You know, you're you're the one paying for the education. It feels like they should allow you to pursue what you want. I'm surprised to hear that. But I guess I've never I didn't pursue a PhD, I just had a bachelor so I I don't have that experience.
And
But
Everything.
Yeah. That's that's interesting. You know, it's that's a very tough transition even in the business world. Um as an engineer I went from, you know, when I first started, I worked more on the manufacturing side of things and it was very similar to what you're talking about, where whatever I fixed today, I could immediately see that was fixed and then I work on the next thing and now I work in product development, which is, you know, two or three year cycles and you have to kind of adjust your thinking too. You know, I might not accomplish anything today or even this month. You know, it's just, it's a different way of looking at things, you know, so I understand what you're saying. And I recall when I made that transition as a younger person, kind of feeling the same way you did, where it's like, I don't feel fulfilled because, you know, I can't see the results as quickly. So I
I get what you're saying it makes a lot of sense you're
And
what
happened?
and I imagine there's probably some challenges with all that. So can I ask you a question uh did you grow up doing dual language um schools to learn english? Your english is very very good.
and that doesn't and
That's
very
impressive. You I mean you you speak really really good english which
is you know
in Iowa super important because I imagine there's not a lot of people who speak other
than english in Iowa.
Uh huh.
And.
Uh huh.
And
ethnic.
I mean I've understood you perfectly so I I
am like I said I learned a little bit of spanish and italian but I was never anywhere near as fluent in those languages as you are. So I understand that the challenges of it and it's always very impressive to me when I meet somebody who speaks as well as you do particularly if they didn't grow up speaking that way because
You know I meet some people from China in particular that they start learning English when they're like six and you know then it's it's different you know but when you try and learn it like you did at a later age it's challenging to get as good as you are so good for
you.
Yeah.
well actually
no.
thank
you.
Well it's
Hello?
No.
Anyone
and
you know
yeah that's that's that's interesting. So uh I guess what is the best thing you've done since you've been in the in the United States or what's your favorite thing, the most fun thing you've got a chance to do? Yeah.
the okay,
Yeah that's that's really cool that it is an exciting time because you're you're you become an adult and it is that it's just like in nature where the mama bird pushes you out of the nest, it's kind of the way everybody learns, nobody learns how to cook until they get really hungry and mom's not there, I get it. I remember I remember those days, well that's fun, that's that's nice to hear uh but yeah, that's a okay,
and
thank
you.
I
have, yes I have. So I've been to europe, I've been to England and Italy. Um And then in Asia I've been to Japan, Malaysia, Singapore
china several times in Hong kong. So yeah, I've got to go a little
little bit. Yeah.
we'll
repeat that, I'm sorry,
thank
you. Uh
And
it's like oh that's
Yeah, I like that.
I, England was very quick, so I only spent like a couple days in London, but
I
love it. That's one of the places I'd like to bring my kids back to, I'd like to bring them to London, Singapore and Tokyo. Those are the three places that to me were the most uh they're very all three very different but really interesting places. Yeah,
I have not been to Turkey, I'd love to go to Turkey. I've
watched some uh some uh documentary type stuff on the cities in Turkey. I would love to go to Turkey.
It looked like there was so much architectural history.
You know I really we don't have that here in the states. You've seen
in Iowa you were a land of strip malls and uh everything was built in the last 10 years. I was really interested in in Istanbul because it's just so much history there. It looks really cool. It
correct.
Yeah it's on my list. I absolutely love to go there. Uh Ireland and Istanbul and I don't think it will ever happen but I would love to go to New Zealand as well. I think new Zealand would be we really meet and it's uh it's so far away and it just costs a fortune to go there. Football.
it goes, it goes to like Hawaii and then south from Hawaii. So it's through the pacific, But it's, it's, I believe it's somewhere in like 26 or 27 hours of light. Yeah.
Which is, that's a long time to be on an airplane.
15.
I'll have terrible event.
Well,
I
couple of those going to Singapore, going to Singapore from here was really, really long and you take a, you take a flight of about 15 hours to Japan and then you get off the plane, you have a two or three hour layover and then another nine hour flight, wow, exhausted.
No.
So
do, how often do you, do you, have you had an opportunity to go home or is it uh I mean, I don't
know how, how often do you want to do that?
Ooh
we
left.
look over but that's cool. I would that would be really great to have them come over and kind of show them around. They'll be fantastic. Yeah.
What?
he
Yeah.
And
Yeah, it's such a such a long flight but it would be really, that would be really neat if you could show them around and kind of see it. Let them see what your life is here. I'm sure they'd love to see that. I know I'm I look forward to when my kids leave. I can't wait to kind of see have them do all the stuff you're doing, you know, to be cool. Uh huh.
What? Well it looks like we've exceeded our 25 minutes uh was certainly nice talking to you. Uh