Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Okay. Mhm Okay because Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay But Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Oh
can you hear me?
So
just talk about anything because I think that some some of these are structured and other ones they say whatever you want.
My name is Ian
do you live in the United States?
I'm in Ohio Cleveland.
I'm from Cleveland, I've moved all over the place and right now I'm back in Cleveland because of what's going on. Uh
Well yeah
most of my family's here um I have family in other parts of the country as well but I like I had huge plans for what was going on this year and it just got all got ruined like
I
well I
I live
kind of like a part time expat, I live partially overseas and then I also live here and one of the things
that I couldn't do is travel, so I couldn't, I rent an apartment in Albania.
strange.
I know it's understandable. Um
I like, so originally
I was engaged
to someone from Greece and I have been living in grief and it fell apart but before that and the way
that
it
was working
is that where I was
living
in Greece was close
to the Albanian border and the way that
I don't know have you ever been to europe?
So pretty much all of
the countries in europe, almost all of the countries in europe have what's called the Schengen treaty and what it means is for I think it's for every
100
80
days
You have to spend at least 90 days
outside
of any country in that treaty. So if you spend 60 days in Italy and then go to Greece,
you only
have 30 days, you know, or you know if you go to Germany for 30 days, you can go to France, 30 days, you can go to England 30 days so on and so forth. Whereas Albania is not part of the Schengen treaty and their deal with with americans is it's no visa, you can stay there for a year without a visa and in order to stay
there for another year you just have to leave for a day. Uh
And I mean, and I literally like the, where my apartment is, there's a ferry that crosses over to a greek island That takes takes like 25 minutes. So I could just go over to Greece for 25 minutes, come back, I'm done.
that was
the, that was like, so the first reason was just so that I could have a place to live while I was dating this woman and you know that wouldn't be an issue because you know she lives close enough that whenever I wanted to go visit I could go visit. Mm But when we broke up I just went back to my apartment in Albania and I was like what the hell with that, I'll stay here. And I mean you would not believe probably especially being from California. I don't know do you live close to the coast?
So but I mean like I would imagine that like coastal property like getting an apartment near the coast or something. It's probably insane.
That's cool too.
Actually that's the second part of what what screwed me up this year. I'll get to that. I'll get to that in a minute. Uh so the apartment that I rent is right on the sea, on the Ionian sea. It you know my
balcony
looks you know the sunrise on one side, sunset on the other. There's like the foothills of the mountains on the sides. I looked down towards a fisherman's wharf
and then across the bay is the greek island of Corfu. So it's picture perfect beautiful. The part of the apartment is in a villa
that
has lemon trees and a pomegranate tree and an orange tree and all different vegetables growing beautiful place, Approximately $160 a month.
Yeah. So all told like with all utilities paid and everything, it's about $200 a month.
I mean
oh it's
like, I think most
people who even know anything about Albania because most people don't um it's taking its kind of pictured from what
it was like in the 90s and early 2000s. Um up until 1991, Albania was a dictatorship that was so tightly controlled that it was
more like north
Korea than the soviet union. I mean they
were so
so tightly controlled that the soviet union didn't want to have anything to do with them. They were like no no no you know we'll trade with you but that's about it. Uh And then when the dictator died there was no line of succession set up and all of the different factions within the government that it was really like familial based. So all these different families were all fighting for control. Uh People were literally just breaking into buildings
and writing their names for properties and saying I own this, this is all mine.
So yeah it was pretty crazy. So the United, well the U. S. Stepped in and because part of you know they're close to what used to be Yugoslavia and is now the separate states like Serbia and Croatia and all that. Um One of the biggest things about what was going on in Yugoslavia was that the serb croat populations were killing off all of the ethnic Albanian population. So that's why I like you know their issues with Kosovo because Kosovo is the
top of Albania. It's it's Albanian but it's a separate country from Albania. It's kind of like Cyprus and Greece. They're both greek but they're two separate countries. Um So the
Albanians
were very
happy that the United States was stepping in and saying hello yo guys you can't have a genocide against these people. Um And kind of a background
to that that wasn't really talked about because Albania itself wasn't part of that war. Um The United States made an agreement with Albania saying hey if you let us park our warships out in your c
Yeah, of course. Um Well, in exchange for that will help you like form your new democracy. Like we'll teach you what you need to know in order to like not just turn back into another dictatorship. And on top of that they started building roads for them, started building bridges, uh like trying to modernize the economy because back in the 1990s, you you have people going around in like horses mules. I mean you still do, but like, you know, You have like if you were a wealthy person, you might have a 1960 Chrysler or something like that. Yeah. Um So
Over the period from the 90s to the early 2000s, it just slowly transformed from this like nothing, you know, banditry despotism type. Like if you went on one
side
of the mountain,
it was controlled by one family,
you want another side of the mountain was controlled by another family. Um And then up
into
the early
2000s when the government
was starting to gain control, they realized that they had a ton of fertile land and they had the same kind of coasts that Greece or Italy has that could bring in a lot of tourism.
So so they just started developing the whole coastline with hotels and nightclubs and I mean it's it's beautiful there. Uh it is very stable now. Um
I mean they still have problems but it's the kind of thing, it's very weird. It's lot of the Albanians would tell you they're like you as a
foreigner
probably won't have any issues but you might see issues between different Albanian
families. You know they have like a Hatfield and McCoy type thing going on with a lot of different,
you know.
Yes you know and even call it they have blood feuds you know they call it the kanun is like the blood feuds between different Albanian families there like you won't get
involved
in
it and even if there was like a bar fight
or something they would literally just pull you outside and be like sorry your foreign
you won't understand this you
know?
stay out
of
it.
And then because of what the United States did for them they're very pro american so it's not the kind of thing that like you go there like yeah the loud mouth american blah blah blah blah blah. So from
that
point
it's pretty stable. It has a surprisingly
low
crime rate. I mean there's a lot of petty crime but
poverty plus
plus wherever you have
tourism you're going to get it rises in petty crime, people stealing bags, people pickpocketing things like that. Um I
I never experienced anything negative. You know I mean maybe like there might have been kids like stealing my change off of the cafe. Like I'm looking somewhere else and like they'll take my change and run away or something along those lines. But on the other hand, it is extremely cheap. I mean extremely cheap just to give you like a frame of reference and it's probably even a little bit more expensive now. But just a beer on tap at a bar is usually going to be around 60 cents to a dollar depending on how Like big the bar, if it's a
nightclub versus it's just a little pub or something like that. You know, a shot of espresso is like 35 cents. Uh
huh.
You go to the market with $20, you're walking back with two overfilled bags of produce. So. Yeah sure. So yeah
that's that was that's the one thing and usually
what
I do
is either late fall I mean like late winter where it's you know, I'm just like tired of it. I was like okay I want the winter to be over, I'll go over that, I'll go over there because by february
you can already
swim comfortably
in the water, You know it's already in the 50s and 60s. Uh sometimes even the 70s and it stays pretty much seventies All the way until like like end of July, early August, it'll get up into the 80s, maybe 90s. And then by the end of August it drops back down to the 70s again. And is that way all the way till November And then December in January,
it's like in the 40s.
Yeah. So if you if you want snow, you go up into the mountains, if you want the like sea mediterranean climate, you
just go down by the sea.
So the.
and
no.
Well
that
I definitely, I mean I've seen other people who have and I've talked because I love to travel and I love talking to people who travel. Um you know I've met people, I met this girl who was a bartender where she, she'll come here, she's from Cleveland, she'll work for a year as a bartender. Save up
like
$15,
and then go down
to
Costa rica and just live in Costa
rica for three years. You don't be comfortable come back for a year,
work
for a year, go back down there and you know live in a beautiful villa and eat fresh fruit, you know, so it's stuff like
that
that
like,
you know part of what
I try
and the way that I travel is I like to go somewhere, I'll go for three months, I won't go for a week um luckily the kind of work that I do and the things that I do allow me to do that um but it's kind of I kind of made it that way is that I realized
pretty
early
on in
my
life that I want to be able to do things that allow me to just kind of uproot myself and put myself wherever I want. Um I lived in Finland for three months and and I was just like, you know, I just like I want to go visit a friend in Finland, okay, I'll go do that. Um So
and so the other side of it, which is related to it is that
I
I can see you,
you're kind of like, it's the quality keeps changing.
I can see me in my small camera and I'm seeing that my cameras on, so maybe it's just a connection issue.
We'll see if it changes back. I think the last time that I was talking to somebody that it did that a couple times as well.
But uh the other part it was it was this year exactly that I planned on either buying I'm still looking for now. I'm actually, I made the decision to save more money. Um because originally
this early spring I was either going to buy a truck or a camper and I was going to travel around the country to try to find land that's like remote, cheap. And I could use to build my own
home.
What's up?
No, no, no,
no
here
in the United States. So the, I want to do, I love
this
like long plan
that by the time that I actually want to retire,
retire, you know, and just do my own thing is that I would love to
live in, you know, this beautiful cold school home that I built myself that's all like high tech and luxurious and all that kind of thing. But I can't afford that right out. So one of the things that I've been planning on doing is that I'm going to go somewhere Where, because there are parts of the country where land is insanely cheap, like you know, out in New Mexico and Montana and places like that where you can get 40 acres for $10, and I want to find just the right place and build my first tiny home. I'm not really interested in just necessarily quote unquote being a tiny home, but
the first completely self sustained
off the grid house, but
like kind of geared towards luxury. So you know that it's got a sauna, it's got a fully functional, you know, articulating septic systems that, you know, only needs to be cleaned once every 10 years. And um it has all of its own off grid power and all these different things that
make it so that you could go there and live comfortably as if you were living in like a suburban house. But it's it's entirely self maintained and aesthetically pleasing. And the point
of
that
is
is
that it gives me practice taking some of my ideas, putting them in fruition And then selling that one for a lot more money than it took to build it.
And I want to do this essentially. Eventually in two places like I have my place in the United States, then I have my place place in Albania and then who knows, I might end up 10 years from now saying I want to go live in Vietnam, you know, or cambodia or something along those lines. Well. So that
yeah, that's
So all of that being said, that's what I had planned on doing this year. And instead I just kind of, you know, doing the planning phase is um, you
know,
working
I mean it's, I
watch
all the videos
on Youtube of like, you know, homesteaders and you know, people who do the tiny home stuff and the self sufficient gardening. And um, one of
the things
that, that really caught my attention and something that I think is interesting is the guy,
remember
if it was, I think it was, I think it was Nebraska was either, yeah, it was either Missouri or Nebraska, but I think it was Nebraska is this older retired mailman. He had the idea that he wanted to grow citrus in a greenhouse In Nebraska.
Yeah, he's like, you know, we get negative 20° weather.
Uh, there's no normal way to do this. So what he did is he doug see now
you turned into just a silhouette. I don't know if I'm still a silhouette.
Yeah. Um, Maybe you know, I kinda have a suspicion is maybe that's they're doing this on purpose. Is that like what happens when
people,
you know
one
per
But anyway, so what this guy did is he, um, he realized that you know, around six ft below the ground, it maintains a temperature of between 50 and 56° all year around. So,
so
he
definitely. And what he did is he laid down
these
like corrugated
pipe,
like plastic, corrugated piping in a big square around his property and then put blowers on one side of it and venting
on the other side of it. And um built like a simple electrical temperature control so that any time it goes below 50
it starts to blow air through, any time it goes above 72 it blows air through. So
and the air
takes
so long to
go through the tubing that the air coming out the other side
is 50 or 56°.. So he built
this massive greenhouse That he could maintain Citrus fruit all year around. And he has like 13 different varieties of lemons and oranges and grapefruits. And he grows avocados. And he and he makes a ridiculous amount of money
because
yeah, you know, so the middle of december, You know the local markets around him, he sells his oranges and stuff too. He's like you know uh an orange in Nebraska in the middle of December might be three or $4 per orange. And
he's like I could sell him a bunch for $2
and still make a profit Because there's no longest distribution. There's no yeah I make probably between eight and $10,000 per tree per season and there's a line of trees. I was like what a what a crazy retirement like. Yeah, I'm gonna start a citrus
farm
in Nebraska
and I imagine that there's probably some weird stuff they have to do to get that to work.
that that's all
throughout the
greek and Albanian countryside is all just pretty much citrus olives and grapes. You know it's everywhere and you just see hill after hill after hill of just endless lines of grape orchards or endless lines of olive trees. Uh It's pretty it's very unusual especially for Cleveland Cleveland. The Cleveland area is it's very wooded forest. E and not not like California with massive trees more like um lower to the ground and we still have like oak and things like that but it just really dense really green. Um
would
imagine.
Yeah Northern Ohio is just flat there.
Yeah I mean there's a there's a shelf on some parts of the lake but for the most part it's just flat. You don't start getting any any like hills until you get down into Southern Ohio but you know you go from Southern Ohio all the way up to the lake Erie which is where I'm at. It's just it's flat cornfields you know soy fields. Um But once you get right up towards the lake is it's all forest because it's not.
What?
I don't like I don't know what you're thinking, living with California, is that California is definitely one of the places that's not on my list for a place to go.
Well you
mentioned you mentioned that like once they're you know, or your son's older that you know, figure out somewhere else to go. Uh
And and it's like part of it is just I mean there's so many things that with California, I don't like that, I would love
to like
because I think the land can be very beautiful and um but just for example, I was watching this one guy housebuilder and he was all and this was a small,
just normal, like not not I mean slightly bigger than your average tiny house, but smaller than a typical suburban house in the middle of nowhere. And he was already $70,000 in just before like as he was breaking ground paying for like all
the regulations, you know having to get like you know the
the
architect
fees
and
I mean he was he was $70,000 in before building the home.
Who?
What?
I mean even even place where like you know florida is much cheaper
than California's uh
and it's a lot looser
with all of its regulations and you know
they don't have the same strict like housing codes and and that's where you get the joke.
What? Well yeah
but
well
I think
part
of.
Yeah and I think part I mean some of the things make sense but other things that there's a lot of, I don't even know I know there's a word or term phrase for it but it's a kind of corruption that's based on regulation is that you're not doing it for the purpose of it being environmental or whatever. You're doing it for the purpose of disseminating people's money throughout the government. But you know, the local governments and things like that. Um, and
then
or or they'll do things that, you know, if you, you know, switch over to solar, you get a new tax and you get like if the grid gets paid 10 cents per kilowatt
and you're giving back to the grid, you only get
paid
one cent per kilowatt, things like that. It's like,
yeah, we got it, we're
going
to create a new tax to do this, to do that. And it's like, that's that's why I'm looking
for a place that's completely off grid. And you look at some of these places out in Arizona and New Mexico parts of colorado where it's like no housing authority, uh no regulations, literally no regulations. Like you can, you can do whatever you want with your property whatsoever. You want to, you want to build a hold of the center of the earth, go for it,
you know?
Uh You know, and then you look at the taxes, it's like $40 per acre per year, wow.
That's,
I mean that's the
cost is the primary reason that I've already kind of avoided California. Um, housing regulations. There are certain states where I look at them, I was just like, I can't do this there if, if there's so many, if I'm building a home, like I could build a home. And I think it was new Mexico where I was looking at, it has no regulations where it's just like you pay for your deed, you pay your taxes, you're
not,
You know, you want to take 40 years
to build the house, go ahead. You wanna live in a camper
for the cause. And that's another thing
with California is a lot of the properties. You can't even like temporary living situations. You, you can't even put a camper on your property and say, hey look, I'm building the house. Yeah.
Like
There's this one
guy. What?
Well
I mean
I was just going to tell you about another house but I'll make it quick and then we'll take off and do our, do the survey and you might want to check check them out if you're ever interested in this too. It's, he's called, I think it's Red Poppy Ranch on Youtube and he's a plumber that he was like, I was, you know, I got my family uh you know, I've always wanted to like, you know, live in a nice home up in the mountains and I think he's on the east coast somewhere like the northern east coast. I don't know if it's like Rhode island or Connecticut or something like that. Um And the bank, he wanted to live up in the mountains and the bank told him that they wouldn't cover his loan, not because of his credit, but because they believe that it would cost too much to build a home up in the mountains. And he was like, you know what the hell with this? I'm gonna do it myself. And he's been doing I think for like the past two years, just like a video diary every other week or so. He'll come up with like what he's done over the past week and to look at his house, even if you only check out one of his videos, his house blows me away at like, you would never imagine that one guy built this house. I mean it's like a full four bedroom
house on this huge property, you know, modern 2.5 bath, separate washing
room porch with awnings and you know, all like slats and all the different stuff that you look at this. Like that's a professionally built house. You
know,
and
it is
He did the whole solar array
system itself. He up up the part like, you know, it's like 300 yards up the mountain. He built the cistern and then has all of his water. So it has natural gravity fed pressurization, that part I could understand because he's a plumber, he would know how to do that. But he did everything. He was like, yeah, I just went on Youtube
and
taught myself how to learn electronics and
much anyway.
All
right. Well I guess it was nice meeting you nice talking to you.
Yeah. Just just look up uh saranda. It's S. A. R. A. N. D. A. Saranda Albania. That's that's that's the city that I live in. It's a small city. Beautiful pictures.
We'll
see.
Maybe maybe I'll meet you in 10 years in Albania. Yeah.
Take care.