Okay. Right. Yes, so yeah, Okay. Your billions. Yeah, I have looked crazy. All right. Whoa, okay. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah, don't get emotional. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Uh huh. Yes, mhm. Yeah, Yeah, it's not gonna happen. Yeah. Yes, just yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah, just yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, No, Uh huh. You know Uh huh, mm hmm. Yeah, yeah. Mm. Yeah, yeah, wow. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Oh, interesting. All right, mhm. Okay, mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I'm fine, thank you. I was messing with
my firewall
and I shouldn't have been messing with it because it stopped the video. Oh
On
the eastern side of the continental us. Mhm,
wow. I mean it's okay, we're paid. Right. Yeah.
Nice to meet you. I'm Kimberly. Mm
Did
you get
did
you get any kind of um I guess questions or icebreakers, your scripts from them? I was just curious any
it's kind of weird.
Oh well actually I'm an introvert so I don't mind it
but
my husband's an extroverted and it's making him crazy.
Are you Your video is gone. Did
you know
you
can see me? Yeah your video.
No
it's just like a there you're there.
I
noticed
I
was actually about to start dinner and then I got the email and I text him as I was like oh wait I have to do this thing. He's probably like
probably a little over a year. Yeah I really like it. Um I know it sounds cheesy but I really feel like I'm helping and I like getting paid to help.
Hurt me more.
Well
it's
better than wisdom
like if those panels type things were like
there's
thursday these companies that kind of put um fingers into the U. S. To try to get people's opinions to direct. You know they want consumers opinions to direct product invention or marketing or whatever and then they're like answer these three surveys and you might get a gift card. I don't feel like I'm doing anything to benefit humanity and that's a waste of time anyway. Yeah
but it's just I don't know this is more interesting. Sometimes they'll ask
you at the end of the survey like what do you think we were trying to what do you think this was about? It makes you? Mhm.
I do work or first thing in the morning on the weekends if I'm not working and my kids know they already know. Don't bother mom when she's because their time
and I don't wanna be distracted either.
What
age is she? Does she think is she at the age where she's like oh your stuff is dumb.
I have one around that age,
I
have
one around that age I get it. Yeah.
Three.
I'm done.
They're
expensive their
joy but they're expensive. Okay.
Youtube
I think so. We started phase one. I'm in the Southeastern Us. We started phase one and I think we're allowed to go to other states that have also started phase one. All right that's her dog. So I don't know. It's really messed up our summer plans. I mean we were gonna go explore colleges for one of our kids in new york now. I don't want to set foot in there. Not
now
anyway I don't know. So I guess maybe we'll try to go somewhere where uh some other state that's opening up.
The girl.
No
no she's being um preemptive, she's just on top of her stuff, I'm no graduation.
close
to it.
Well
think
about
it.
Uh huh. It is terrifying, it's a scary world out there but I mean I can't worry about everything all the time, I'm going to get an ulcer so
my husband's
good about
that stuff, he's he's he helps me, I'm better about redirecting my worries, a warrior and he's very logical like we do everything we can and then we just have to just hope for the best what else you
yep that's a lifelong lesson for me, I learned how to worry for my mom,
my
mom's
actually
in
florida,
she's
sorry?
mm this be it unless I missed Oh
Yeah. Mhm. No I'd say maybe once a quarter I get these type of things and this is the first I've
had to talk to another participant. They might actually use your data in another study and have other people watch us and ask them more questions about it. That's a possibility too. Um
Yeah it's just experiment after experiment after experiment mm.
I
had one where they
had me test out tell a like an interview app. It's an app set up like a company will get into the app pay for the service and then the app is the one that runs the interview and recording and the answer and then it's company. So a couple
different
things like
I said it's more interesting than feeling like these like and besides all better. Yeah.
1934 started at 10 10 another 15
minutes have a hot spot. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah.
What is this thing doing?
I'm back.
What happened
already? I
had
to
move to another part of the house I think, I think.
All right. So I was gonna ask you what your plans were for your family? For the summer for? Mhm.
Yeah.
Well,
Well,
are you you're not able to go
beaches
yet?
Are you able to go
to beaches
yet there?
no, maybe we'll get there august,
maybe we'll get
july
or august. I'm still hopeful. Mhm,
Ours is
the
end
of May. You
actually friends? Yeah, I don't know who
I'm looking at. You
froze so I don't know who I'm looking at but high.
No.
Well, thank you. My mom is in Davie florida. She used to live right outside of Miami.
How
is
it
you guys?
Really? I wonder how long it to them?
Whoa
that would be.
Well
so
if pennsylvania opens up we might go stay with my husband's mom um there and his brother.
This whole family.
Who
does?
yeah they live about a half hour from Reading. Mhm.
No.
What's
it near like? I mean what's the nearest big
city?
No. Okay.
Okay. I have a better idea.
Pennsylvania
is bigger than night.
I always forget how big it is.
Well
I lived
there too. Where are they at? Yeah.
please.
Are they doing okay?
Are they doing okay? Mhm. Great.
It's
hard. Especially
when you're a kid to do 1 80 like that and
you're used to being so busy. Yeah.
Are
you
serious?
That's impressive. I
can't get mine to do that. Father day. My my teenager, one of my teenagers was saying she was staying in her room all day doing homework and I said why why do you suddenly have so much homework? She said it's not, I suddenly have so much, I just haven't been doing it and I don't want to fail. It's like a little brat they put to you,
they just
don't
do it all the time.
Does
that
come
from you or
her mom? Yeah,
I
worked for in orthopedics office
so I'm able to work from home if I need to, if I can't be in the office for some reason, but typically I go in and my husband works for a very huge trucking company and he um it's really easy for him to work from home, so in that regard. Yeah, I'm glad you feel busy though.
Maybe not.
What?
That's that's my husband too. He gets to the office early so he can knock out by three. Take me to get interview to death.
Thank
you.
Buiter
at the door.
What about you and your wife? As far as because I'm an introvert and I like staying home. How how are you guys doing? Does she like staying home or is she like I'm ready backing?
What?
What?
No
burger
yet,
but
that's food I'd
be
more worried about. I'd rather they do that at burger fi than is there over
your food? Oh
I have to ask my mom if you're doing that to her and really?
I
don't
think
about
it.
100
you
guys are
entering phase two. Mhm.
Yeah,
you can
think about
inside
eating
your outside eating.
25%
are outside only 25%.
And
where
did you have to make reservations or was it was it pad?
To be safe.
That's so nice. I'm glad you guys got away. We haven't been able to do that since all this started. We're only 50%
and it has to be outside of the restaurant.
No and it's not even every restaurant is doing it. A lot of them are kind of just know we're still only doing takeout. I don't know. I just I'm ready for this to be over and go back to normal. I think it is our new normal though, don't you? I feel like it's gonna keep coming around. It's a varying degree. It's kind of like the flu maybe. So
that
sounds fun
Even
in a few,
I hate
it too.
I don't, I was always glad every time I heard about some sort of respiratory illness in china, I was always got it, I got him up there, hate mass, I don't want to have to wear it all the time but um now it's come over here and I can't escape it.
what?
There's a lot
of asians and paris and Italy like tourists are living.
Country
I don't know,
I had I had no idea, I mean I know they travel you know but
I didn't know that extent.
You think
so?
Oh I read somewhere that they were actually selling out for august though, do you think that's gonna go away
like they'll have to get
on this traveling so much we've been to so many places in europe and I haven't been to France for a long time and I've never been to Italy, but we would go to Belgium Sweden and Amsterdam a lot and I miss it walk.
So
if you get to Belgium
never if this stuff comes down, I'm going to bruges I bet your wife through.
Singing
what
kind of luck? So you were in venice and it flooded right after you left and then you were able to go to Nashville and
everything shut down after that.
No,
I
meant
you have
good
luck
to you experiencing
don't
come to where I am. No, I'm just kidding. The state will get shut down again,
And you
gotta finish paying your bathroom. Right,
baby
steps
All right.
Was nicknamed
who knows,
stick with prolific. I don't think he'll regret it.
Good.
bye.
Why?