Yeah, yeah, mm. Uh huh. I don't know. Can you can how are you?
Good.
I honestly think
when I see, I honestly didn't expect anyone to show up. I don't know, I didn't think anybody would. Where are you
located?
Me too. I didn't think anybody would be wanting to do this. 30 on a saturday.
right, right. I'm jake by the way.
Hi, Kimberly pleasure.
Nice to meet you.
Do you know what? What's
that?
No, maybe they're not that I'm aware of now now, I guess we're supposed to sit here and talk to 25 minutes.
It is kind of weird. How is how are you doing with the staying at home?
You don't mind
too much,
I'm sure makes everybody crazy.
What?
I can
see me.
you can't think
any longer.
Uh I'm a handsomer than I was the first time. No, I was painting a room right before I got on here. I was painting
and I'm sweating a little bit
of
painting.
so let me ask you a question. So how long have you been doing this stuff on prolific.
it's funny you say that. So I I probably, this is my second
week and I said I would, I would do it for a month and see what I see if I like it, whatever. And I just like taking the surveys and the money a little bit of money is nice, but it's the, you're right. I think I'm helping to or something.
I don't know what it might be
but
become help
panels. I'm not familiar with
that,
You got any gold card
group?
don't know what, I have no idea where you know this all this, this whole recording is being like, I guess to seeing what we're going to talk about. I don't know. I don't know. Like I said, I've been doing it for a couple weeks and I actually enjoy it. Like the first thing I do in the morning, I'm making coffee and I'm like, oh maybe I can spend 12 minutes doing three surveys. Yeah.
brian
I'm surprised I was telling my daughter about this earlier and I'm surprised she's not down here wanting to be on this or somehow wanting to see what's going on because she was seemed amused. But now she's in a room so
there that goes.
Uh No, I mean like she just sat there and watched me paint the little bathroom that I was waiting for 20 minutes and I'm like why are you sitting here? She's like just to help. I want to help as she was scrolling on her on her phone. No, she's 10. But no. But
You have what?
I'm
sorry.
Yeah how many two of them? You
have three? I have one
one
Thanks.
they are. Yes they are.
I am uh weird. I'm in florida and I'm waiting. I'm we've been hearing about this huge rainstorm are supposed to be getting and it's it's been beautiful out all day. Have you
been outside or are you allowed to go anywhere where you're at?
No I wouldn't
either.
So you said you have a boy or girl? Mr um looking at colleges? Huh? Did they
are they upset? They missed their graduation
this year?
I'd say so. She has. No
I
wouldn't even even know if my 10 like my 10 year old going to college terrify me.
I don't even know how I don't
know
how that's
going to come off.
not
that's
true.
That's what it's an uncontrollable right Whatever you can control, you can, wherever you can't, you're gonna do
five. That's funny. That's
fine.
So
what else
do you
do to speak
now? Do you have another call after this one?
Do you have another call after this one this weekend or is this it for the weekend?
yeah, I don't have any other things either. I was just curious because I don't hear this is like I said, two weeks. This is the first I've been asked to do this. I'm just curious to you. Did they want you to do this kind of thing frequently? On prolific?
No.
wow, that would be interesting.
Now. I'm gonna have to stick around just to see if that happens and I get somebody else's video. I'm going to
have to do that now.
Bye.
That
just
means so
Right. Right. What were you making for dinner? I'm just, Oh, I lost jerry there.
Are you
Okay. No, not 17. She's got three kids. Could she hear me? Can you hear me?
Not anymore? I lost her. It's a connection. I think it was her connection because I just she shows up. She's got three kids more than one into college. My story that you're going to get addicted to my online serving video. People know she wouldn't even tell me what state she's in. That was the only six minutes, 19 more minutes ago there. I can't like, you know, it's funny because I'm like sweating, can't stop sweating. You make me a drink. I just don't wanna, you know, I'm doing this for scientific research and all. We're trying to get raided back from were the european groups that's like, it's strong. It's really when I opened it up I was like whoa, that's really strong coming here, Uncle, I just don't want to close this because and now Captain Scientific Castle has been running around the house all up until like 10 minutes ago. She's like all of them and then just like that. So I should just like, she was like being like that through me in my room. By the way, I'm placing the abc. Order some stuff out and some with your stuff after all today like. Yeah, because I have a $55 coupon so I'll just I'll run out later in the other. Okay. She's going to come back. I heard her talking. I'm just gonna leave this thing on for 15 more minutes. Yeah, of course. You know this entire thing is being recorded but they're going to talk about it. You're totally really, really dissected. I people start following. You watch uh 2019. Oh you know what? It's funny that you say that I just saw this pop Up. It looks really good. It's just started. I can't stop it. No, no, no. I got to take a shower. Yeah, I got, I don't know how many felt pain on my Do we like shit like rubber gloves on? Yeah, we have plenty. I'm aware of that. It's a little late disappointed. You seem to screw it up. She was easy to talk to. I mean, she had a 17 year old kid. Uh Okay.
Hey,
she's back.
How
are
you?
Oh, that's all right. Now I'm talking to my wife there. I'm gonna hang up.
You know what? I don't know. We um My where is no camps open. My 10 year old would normally go to camp. Um
I am remarried and her, so her mother works full time. I work full time. Normally she would go to some kind of camp
she goes to and she went to an acting camp last year. But I don't know. I don't, I have, it's my, uh, my current wife was just talking about that with people from her work what their plans were for the summer because nobody has camps. I don't
know.
I'm
going to
have a baby.
What's
that?
No, not where I'm at. Uh, I was hoping they were going to open them monday, but they said they're not going to open them till after memorial Day.
So
what's
that?
Maybe, I mean it would be, I don't, oh, I don't know. I want him to go back to school. Not this year obviously, but I want them to go back to school. I want, I'm surprised there's no, I'm just trying to think what would school be over yet would be pretty close to being over here. May. Yeah.
it
would
be.
Do you want to see her? Thank
you.
What's that?
My um, she, she just said you sounded
lovely.
I know where Davey florida is. I mean I'm in south florida, I'm in Palm Beach. I'm not that far south, but, but I have been to Davy quite frequently
quite a lot
back
in the day. Yeah. Uh no, Davey is really
very nice. Yes, back dan Marino lives in Davie.
Yeah, he lives, I can't think of the community, but there's a couple of them out there that are because it's very close to the dolphins. Practice facility is right outside of Davy, but there might even be in baby. Um, so a lot of players live in that area. They don't
have to go far to get to the practice area. Yeah.
Um, but now we're a little bit further. What about you for the summer?
Any
thoughts?
One.
I think my father
lives
in pennsylvania. Yeah. My father,
Okay. My father lives in a little town called Clearfield
Pennsylvania, which is one of those little towns out in the
middle of nowhere.
it's,
let's see. Uh you heard of du bois?
I mean it is three hours. Oh, I got a good, it's 45 minutes from punks to Tony.
Where
puncture tongue filling
sector.
Yeah. And there's nothing in the middle. You've got Pittsburgh in the west, philadelphia in the east and in the middle there's little Harrisburg and Penn state and that's about it. The rest of it. Woods and rivers and trees and No, but we were, we were thinking about, my wife's family is in
michigan
so
we want, they live outside of Detroit
and commerce. Commerce, michigan.
What's that area? I'm sorry, say it again.
Um yeah, yeah. They're all, her family is doing fine. Her mom and dad are doing great, her sister, brother in law, the kids, they're tired of being inside a house there. Her family is one that is always on the go. Their kids are always, he's playing hockey, baseball, whatever. The little daughter is always involved in something there like never stopped. So this for them is a huge change
to life.
so
I know,
I know my mine is, she's been handled okay, but I think she, like you said you're an introvert. I think she's a bit of an introvert myself. She, she has her moments, but she loves just, I think this whole going to school at home has been great for her. She loves it. She gets up, she's on the clock, like she's like eight o'clock
trying
to start
school and she Oh
she's very organized.
I
know, I
I
I don't even have to, I don't try to be here when she, because I'm I have to work and my wife works from home. She's been working from home, she can work from home the whole time. It's no problem. I'm in the paving, I do paving and steel coating on the sales guy for a paving and steel coating company, so I have to be out quite a bit. We're still actually very busy. People are doing a lot of projects now because nobody is out. Um, so we've been doing a lot of work, so I have to leave. Yesterday was a good example. I was gone from 7 30 until two in the afternoon, I came home and grab someone, she was out again, she sits up there and does everything on her own. Um Yeah, she doesn't she
just does
it
all
and
her mother
not
bad.
Uh huh. The beginning, the beginning of it, I didn't, you know because with me I we typically start early and then I'm done by three o'clock and I've gotten a pattern now I'm sleeping in like when I say sleeping in it's seven o'clock and I'm getting which is late
late for me, I'm normally at my office
by seven. Um So it's it's gonna be rough when I can't actually sleep in anymore, That's going to be the hard part.
Yeah, it's
much much rather
do that, but now nobody is really watching you too closely because they kind of understand I mean you know you got kids at home and they're going to home school, somebody has to be home with them so uh and you can't just drop him off somewhere at least I can't not yet any one of these days
I'm gonna drop her off.
No.
no she likes to go out. We actually went she would much rather be out than in I'm a good mix. I don't mind staying in. I can find something to do with my own pretty easily at home. But we went to like three furniture stores we just moved so we're trying to find some furniture.
Uh and it was nice went to three furniture stores and it was just nice to get
out and walk around. Although I gotta tell you I can't believe how many people are out without masks on. I couldn't believe it, I couldn't in the furniture store
everybody had a mask on. But we stopped. If you heard a
burger, if I.
Norbert burger fi it's like a little burger place. So we stopped and I went in to order and pick up our stuff. Nobody in their head it off had a mask on
nobody.
I
can
nature.
the people that work there did but the people coming in and ordering nobody. I couldn't I couldn't believe it because where I live they'll they'll start they'll stop you at the store and tell you to leave if you don't have a mask on.
Uh She's in Davie and that's Broward. Yes she's
still on
lockdown.
They
haven't
even done phase one and Broward yet. Yeah she's uh we just moved into phase two. In Palm Beach are three counties. Date. Palm Beach and Broward. Um We're the last three and dade and Broward have not opened yet.
They are still on 100%
locked
up.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We just know beaches yet, but my gym opens monday. Um
The restaurants opened last week
25%
capacity
last
week.
On what, what's
that
inside? We our anniversary was Wednesday um One year anniversary
and
we went to a restaurant in sport. Thank you. We went to a restaurant in Stuart which is about an hour north of here and we sat inside but it was 25%
didn't have to be right there. I did because I just wanted to make sure we could get in um because it's an hour trip. So we got there a little early. Um It's just a talent, it's just a town that's away from here that we, it's a quite little beach town that we like to go to. And um so we took the day off, we went up there we made stops along the way. I had a couple drinks on the way up there had some dinner and then we still got home fairly early so the reservation wasn't needed. But
I'm glad we did it.
I know that
really fit well 50% so it can't even be inside.
I do think it's gonna be it's gonna be different. I don't think it's going to be ever the same. My wife and I go to a place um It's like we're big english soccer fans. We love english soccer. So we go to this place in boca boca Raton and it's when our teams are playing it's Wall to wall people standing
with
cheering your team on them. We were our best friend was texting the owner and he can only allow six 16 people in the place at one time.
That's it.
Everybody outside. But yeah, that's right 16 people normally there's like 50 in there. Like I don't know how, I just think our new it is going to be different from now on, I just don't think and I think masks are going to become more regular, which I hate, I was telling my wife today, I hate the idea of having to wear a mask
everywhere.
But
yeah, well we we took a trip in october, end of october, we went to Italy and France and we right after we left, I don't know if you remember this, Probably don't, but venice flooded. We were in venice
and it had these awful, we had just left venice when these floods came through and now. And I'm not I'm not saying any evidence the asian population but paris and italy are packed with the asian and we couldn't, we were really surprised that we didn't like, we just missed all of this um in some form or fashion
because
everywhere for us. Yeah, you can't get a picture with the mona lisa because it's just wrapped everybody's wrapped around the
mona lisa.
Um in paris,
correct.
It was they in venice, they bring in cruise boats and they parked right off the coast of venice and the whole day It is I mean granted it's just tourists everywhere but these cruise boats, I mean if you think about the cruise industry, I don't know if you've ever taken a cruise or been on a cruise but it's over. I mean cruises
are
done.
good luck.
I don't think they're going to be a day just like just like eating a buffet. You can't go to a buffet. There's think about all the buffets you go to it's not just going to golden corral, you go to a buffet when you go to a place for brunch that has an omelet station or you go to these nice places on thanksgiving and they have this turkey in your mind, they have it all later. All that stuff is going to go away. It can't you can't have people touching each other's smooth and it's gonna it's that's where I think the biggest change is going to happen is is stuff like that. I don't know how you do it. I don't know like how are you going to las Vegas not have a buffet you know. Yeah.
I really want to Belgium is on my list all three of those you just mentioned. I have not been to, but I'd really like to
go to as well,
but
well we're just my about it that maybe even trying to book a flight, you could get it so cheap to go somewhere and figure it out like in november or something. We were actually gone in north Carolina, we went to Asheville north Carolina and on the way back um, is when they started shutting things down like people were spraying their chairs off in the, in the, the airplane and the airport and we got back on a Wednesday and her office closed on that friday. So that's how we were close to having that trip
kind of cancel on us too.
But
now
I know right. I must be bad.
We must be bad luck
or
something.
Don't
want,
no,
no, no, don't tell me where you're at
that time. I'll ruin it.
hmm. Well, it was very nice to meet you, I think are 25 minutes is up. I mean, we can sit here, child if you'd like. But I know that your three kids are gonna want dinner soon
here.
Uh huh. I don't even want to tell you the story of why I'm painting the bathroom. Um All I did was put a uh like a primer, a primary code on
it.
It
All
But it was really nice to meet you and please take care maybe we'll cross each other's paths again
some day of news.
I will. I definitely
will. Thank you.
Thank you. All right.