Hi, I'm brian.
Michigan. I'm uh metro Detroit. How
about your stuff,
Virginia?
What part? Mhm.
fill
kill your
friend. Yeah.
I know a little bit about that part of the country. Not too much.
About
to get really Right.
No, no. Uh suburb Melvin dale. It
was
actually a polish
enclave.
Thus the Melbourne.
It's
mostly a hodgepodge uh significant number of Syrian refugees because apparently there were a lot of vacant houses available to rent and stuff when they were coming in. So
yeah, what I hate is, uh, I learned this from hearing racist comments from neighbors, which, you know,
I hate that. I hate that.
But
some people, they really just don't have much documentation for their lives, depending on what part of the world they're from.
And
one of those places.
So I'm curious is this the first time you you've ever done this?
12 first time I thought it was really interesting. It was a guy from northern Kentucky but it turns out he had been in the same place as me at least once in our lives because he's an assistant
basketball coach for uh a university there and uh they had come up to Detroit and played at University of Detroit or tournament back when I was taking my kid
to games there because professional basketball, professional sports are really expensive. Yes. Um A second tier or third tier whatever they're considered university. Uh Not so much
Absolutely. Yeah. 20 bucks and get us tickets and snacks.
That kid is 28 now and we're doing that back when he was 89. That was a long time ago.
it's better
I think.
Two Kalamazoo, that area, it's nicer, It's a little more smaller smaller cities you know but they're big enough to have all the services of a big city.
not
that one. Where's that one?
I know there used to be one in the upper peninsula and believe it
or not,
200 miles from here and still in the state of michigan. So many states I can travel to in that same miles. Yeah. Yeah
I mean uh 600 miles was well the newest
600 miles I knew was to ST louis almost gets you to new york in that direction.
Uh It gets you down to Tennessee in that direction you know
the upper peninsula is so sparsely populated. Well even the upper part of the lower pencil especially pop it it's still mostly forest.
L pena
Alpena.
Okay that's near Elpida. Elpida is like right on lake Michigan.
Uh we took a vacation there right after we moved to Mission Michigan. Native of michigan, but my wife is from Missouri. Um sleeping bear dunes is up that way, up near Traverse city. Yeah, huge
unbelievable size of sand dunes. Like no one ever would believe it unless they see it.
Right. Well I had uh geology class in college the one year I was at Michigan state and uh, you know, michigan's mostly glaciation, you know, sweat. Most of the stuff is I mean there's sand dunes out near in Harburg but they came all the way from lake Michigan and I want to say they took like 10 or 20,000 years to travel far
like
which all along the way they would have been covering up a forest, killing it. Yeah. And then uncovering it.
it's a lot. I've been passed there where they're actually mining the sand. You know like if you buy sand for sand box, it's probably from there at least here in mystery
just like there's a clay mine or former claim mine used to claim mine half a mile from here and almost
every brick house built from 1920 to the closed mine and 52 in this area, clay came from that line and the the kills that made the bricks. They were right by the Ford factory. The Bruce Fallon they were down there by the river. A couple of them are still there actually and the reason it closed when it closed forward. But it so they could dump casting sand as they you know, they put wax in the sand, hold it together, that makes it talks so they had to uh
have it sealed and clay is considered impervious. So it's a lot of things under now.
Um I would prefer pear bread. They're up there.
No.
Oh no, A lot of them are not friend of mine died two years ago because he spent too much time at Camp Lejeune. And when he was in the Marine Corps um they have a toxic waste dump on that site, they did not seal and getting into the water. So if you spent more than five years to Camp Lejeune, you're probably having kidney failure right now.
And
yeah, that's really messed up.
it's like you want me to drink water in flint
michigan now, that was that
was
screwups by people running the water system, They were not professional, it's screwed up. Um I was a teacher for a couple of years and uh in the Eureka Missouri Rockwood School district,
big part of where we were Times beach
ever hear Time
speech was very
it was huge in the news. It was one of those super fun fight sites. Yeah. And it only came about because the Merrimack river flooded. Mhm. And they figured out what happened is the guy who was putting oil on the dirt roads to keep down the dust in the summer had mixed up some waste oil that had
once a P. C. P. S. I don't remember what the tax so something toxic horribly talk and then which was almost well, no, it was
entirely just trailers. It was like the world's biggest trailer park, you know, so nothing but dirt roads and stuff.
The
seventies when? Mm hmm.
Yeah. No, he's still in business actually. Or he was when we moved up here in 92. Um,
it wasn't his fault. The company company mislabeled barrels that you handled.
He was he was buying used oil but he also handled toxic oil. Now that toxic oil went to the E. P. A. And they had ways of
disposing
of it.
I don't know. They back in 92 they were starting a super incinerator at times speech. They were going to burn everything at over 3000 degrees and I was supposed to convert these things to other things that were harmless.
Yeah. Well the oil and stuff, what was going to become a regular um,
site where that toxic oil stuff would be son yup.
Right. Right. Well they have to have fights to handle that stuff. I mean it's part of what the E. P. A. Does. Yeah.
Oh
I
want
All right. Like two months
ago and I had to go out to the pharmacy. It was just spooky there's almost no cars on the road you know. I didn't see anyone is so weird but now it's every day is like saturday you know there's no rush hour but there's plenty of traffic people going shopping, everything if not wearing masks and stuff and you know now we are having not a huge resurgence but little resurgence michigan you know. But you can also plateau for a long time where it was about 200 some new infections every day. It wasn't stopped going down for
I want to say like four weeks and then this past week has gone up. So we have a day that was over 400. The last few days have been 300 something. But
governor the right thing you know in her orders. You know the person that trump referred to as that woman. I voted for her. I also voted for rashida Talib. She's she's my representative, jeez
what do they call them? New women in in Congress that are you know like aoc from new york, you know we're pushing new new new green deal and shaking things up.
and she's from Southwest
Detroit which isn't far but
it shows how jury mannered the district is that I'm in her district, you know?
huh. Well like uh
the
kids,
the kids, the ex wife live in Dearborn and that's almost entirely a single district. You know like it's like a solid, you know that one looks like it makes sense, you know? But me being part of southwest Detroit
area of steel mills, oil refinery and stuff like that. You know this is the suburbia here,
there's
a bunch of you pick places out just a little bit southwest of the metropolitan area, you could in the fall pick apples. Uh there's a place you can pick your own pumpkins. My
mom took us blueberry picking once um took a strawberry picking several um back when she was making a lot of homemade jan but you know she had a lot of kids, you know, you found things to do. You know like
I talked to other people that grew up around here virtually. No one has ever been to Fort Langley. I've been there for me. But it was mom taking a bunch of kids. You know, it was our own little field trip. There's something to do during the song.
no Portland in in Detroit um
in Detroit. Uh They're they're working on a new bridge. The um place where they check the cars before and you know, coming off before you like in the country. They'll be
like
right across the street from the ports, the ports right on the river. Yeah,
it's gonna be called the Gordie Howe Bridge. Yeah,
they Canada is paying for it. They figured um everyone should be okay with it because Gordy came from Canada. Um but he played most of his career for Detroit Red Wings and I saw I saw him play once when I was a kid. Yeah,
mm hmm.
Oh
yeah, yeah, I'll be fine by hockey season. Um
this last season? No, I think they gave it up. I don't know, I don't read that much about sports. Uh I think they give it up. I mean the indoor rink, they could play any time they want. I don't know if they shut it down and they tore down the old, the old arena, they just knocked it down like two weeks ago. Uh
Serena, you know they are most famous uh person from Detroit. Uh right behind Cobo Hall. It's knocked down now. It's the little CAesars arena now which which is both basketball and hockey. It's got uh But they but they they're smart. The floor for basketball is several feet above the ice and lay down some installation. But I remember seeing a game once where they had a multi use arena and it was super humid outside because it was raining and
water
is convincing on the basketball floor.
Kind
of continue the game and they take time out to wipe the floor. Town.
Yeah. I don't know. I was a kid. I don't remember what city that was or anything. Okay.
so
it's Bulgaria or
my
dad used to drink Rolling Rock all the time.
That was his, that was his favorite brand here and here
in Detroit.
It's
probably black,
orange,
orange.
So they were dumping metal
stop
because that's or like this that you see um there's iron in it, you know that rust is what
you're saying from the steel mills, wow.
Yeah, I used to drive by the old stroh's brewery in Detroit fairly often because it was uh real close to the intersection of 75 94 where they're located in the middle of economy had to be just getting city water, which is uh their intake is just as it comes off of lake ST Clair into Detroit river. I
haven't been for a while. Um in fact, uh I don't remember when I renewed my license if I got the uh expanded version, whatever they call that, uh or not, uh
enhance
enhance. We had an enhanced license available where you could go into Canada with that and I need a passport or not, need birth certificates from. Uh, when I was working as an engineer, I went all the time when I was at Chrysler's, the minivan plan. Um, uh, when I was with the airbag company for it is going all the way over to uh, near Toronto. Hey, I'm getting old enough that I'm having memory issues now. Oakville. Oakville have to invent to the memory issues when it comes to my mind.
That's
right. That's for ford built many minivans. Yeah.
ST thomas's where they built the old cop cars, but the Lincoln version of that car was up in Wixom. Uh,
I don't know the uh, the Tesla cybertruck is going to be the cheapest electric vehicle by far. That's that's that's a six with the $40,000 price, You know? Uh,
when they're
talking
about the uh, the model, uh, three years before it was going to be 30 and then they went up 35 you can buy 35 for a little while. But cheapest one is 37 a half currently and they're really trying to push a more expensive models and, but,
but you know, some people might be against it just because it looks weird. I don't know,
Ford's
got the best selling truck in the world though. The
1 50 so an electric version of that seems like a natural and, and they also have a hybrid version, which that's what's come out when they launched. You
know, they just, they just had their intro a couple of days ago. I mean it's a new grill, the twiddled with the sides of the vehicle with no real change. Um, big deal though is that you'll have an option of buying electrical outlet in the bed, which, you know, dodge did before
the ram like six years ago, I want to say. Um, and they'll have uh, stuff like you can have a ruler built into the best, the tail gay as well as you can have. You can have a place to put clamps down piece of board. You have to have a plug in there in the box and uh, hey, there's a 25 minutes so we don't have to continue going any longer. We don't want, hey, I'm gonna automotive. You know, I used to work in the industry before I became a disabled. I was an engineer.
Yeah. I have a, have a chronic pain condition. It
is what it is. You know, it was, it was hard to come to terms with, but you know, that's where I am.
What
surgery? Oh
yeah, no one wants that one. My
brother just had a trigger finger. I had carpal tunnel surgery. I think it's five years now. I'm both hands. Yeah, the carpet Tunnel was bad. Uh,
you know, they said a lot about after care and it really wonders you can be, you have to look really hard to find the scars from it, you know? Whereas,
like, uh, other stars are really big, you know, So one of the big things was they wanted to take a lot of vitamins, uh, you know, use lotions with vitamin E. And stuff on it. Uh, Yeah, actually
really helped a lot.
Well, um, uh, I had put on a lot of way in. The medication changed in 2013. I was able to lose most of that. Um,
So, uh, you know, that's probably, and it that's unlikely
that I've come up with a better medication. Uh um And really
the only reason they kept me off it for a long, long time is that the tendency is for people who need more and more and the and where they have to limit you. I'm on the same joseph started me on in March of 2013 so
it's pretty well mm.
Oh good luck prostate surgery
and
all the guys wins. Yeah.
Well I had my prostate checked once but I had uh infection in the between testicle and the reason whatever that thing is called, that's different. That was infected. So that was the most single painful experience of my life. Yeah.
Please.
Stay safe. I don't remember how we're supposed to stop this.
Yeah, I think so. I think we just um
Yeah. Yeah
that's pretty much that says