Yeah. Hold on. What do you think?
Hey brian I'm scott. How are you? Yeah. Where in the country area?
of my work colleagues
is
there, I'm in Virginia.
in about an hour south of Washington D. C. About
Frederick. What's that hilly
or
Kind of rolling? Yeah.
No I understand. Um You have to go further west. Uh
About 45
yeah 45 minutes to an hour. It will it'll get quite quite hilly. Um So you're are you downtown in Detroit?
melting
go.
Which
one
I say interesting,
interesting.
that's pretty that's really interesting. Um
that's a that can be a problem. Right? Um
no yeah no kidding. A previous job I had we dealt with uh some of the vetting that was being done um on on the refugees as they came into the country and and we we found some holes uh that uh we're in the vetting. And um it was really interesting to to see the reaction once we identified certain things. Um okay, anyways, there's more of a security threat than anyways, you
know?
No, indeed. I mean, can
you imagine
it? That's for sure. Um that is for sure. But you know, the vast majority of people are just fine. It's just uh you know, sometimes you don't know who you're dealing with.
uh this is actually the second one. How about yourself?
What do you mean?
happening.
exactly. Yeah, you can go for 20 bucks and still get a hot dog. Yeah. Oh,
that's right, yeah.
yep, no doubt. Um I don't know that I have necessarily been to Detroit other than the airport um connecting through. Um but I have had family in michigan um Out Kalamazoo climax way. Battle Creek I guess. Um And then
north.
What's that?
Um Yeah and then I had a sister she her husband was in the air force up the wordsmith words wordsmith the air force base
it was like
like north up north of Ann Arbor north further north like um
this
is lower.
yeah.
No that's I'm sorry go ahead. I was trying to think of this stupid name.
Good Lord.
I mean it's kind of crazy how how long the state is. Um. Yeah.
Right okay. Um It's bothering me I have to look up the the town. Um Okay help yeah
Al Pena is that it our
Skoda? Skoda?
Yeah well Pena is a little further north I think but it sounds about right but still you know it's up there. Um
now
I mean it's just kind of bizarre, but how the landscape changes, isn't it? Um
trust
me.
yeah. That's just bizarre how much sand that would have to be. Right,
Right, right, now it makes sense. You shoot, you got to make something out of this stuff, right. Yeah,
Michael.
Yeah. Well,
Well,
Well, you know,
that's fascinating. Um I mean, the thing is, I'm sure that we did with toxic materials back in the day would, I don't know if they're still legit or not?
wow. No,
that's that's terrific. Um
yeah, I worked at a navy base for a while in here in Virginia that was identified a portion of it as a superfund site and um you know, I never would drink out of the water fountain. I would never just was I don't think I probably worked there 10 years and I never drank water from the facility.
From.
Thank
you.
No.
Time
speech
No.
Well. Yeah.
Hey.
Oh my goodness. I mean you remember how they used to you know do
stuff.
You know the guy thought he was doing the right thing?
brother.
No kidding.
The apartment,
have
you?
Oh my goodness. Like we're talking about burning soil.
Well.
okay. So they're just gonna keep it toxic and just keep on rolling.
of course. Um Jason. I don't know sometimes the things in this world drive you crazy, you know? Um It's been interesting like the whole covid 19 scenario, right? Has
um
it's interesting
to see like the before picture of big cities and whatnot in the enduring picture, like when you no, no, no traffic, no pollution.
What?
quarterback.
No, it's uh
there you go. Yeah.
Oh, right, Right. Um Yeah, I can't think of it, but I understand
four
actually.
That'd be pretty interesting to see that drawn up. Right. Um
Most
of
them,
That
That's bizarre. Oh my goodness. Um Yeah I remember as a kid I would go out and visit my aunt and uncle out there and we always end up like picking blueberries or or or and I can't remember where but there was like a you know, just big blueberry farms
up there.
No.
Of course,
that's right, that's indiana. Right.
Oh and the true
Ever
longer.
you got you. Okay. Okay.
Gordie. Howe.
Uh
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Um
So what do you think of the hockey season this year, are they actually going to play?
No, I mean finishing the this passage?
wow. One of those big implosions?
That
was smart.
Mhm. That would
be funny.
Yeah that's pretty bad, that would be dangerous actually.
that's something else. Um Yeah so yeah, I'm originally from pennsylvania um Western part of the state and uh lived
in Virginia,
Pittsburgh area suburbs, suburbs, Latrobe pa uh home of what was rolling rock beer at the time
on the pump.
Yeah. Well there's a sad story about that
that
yeah, so where the brewery was upstream on the where they pull the water out of that event that originated in the mountains, but it came down and where we lived across the street and down over the hill was the was the creek and it was clear and it was clean and all that a little further down down the road there was a cap factory, like dynamite factory, right then there was a couple of steel mills and then there were a few more steel mills and then there was the brewery and the water in the creek where I lived, it was clear and clean when you got down to where the brewery was
the
it was the creek bed was orange,
like
your shirt,
all
kinds of stuff.
But
and so you know my father when he was in heavy equipment running big cranes and stuff, he tells the story that he was there, he sat the he set the pipe that went into the creek to be in the water intake pipe, not a drainage pipe. Um And so like he was there when they built this thing and yeah yeah lord knows if they did any reverse osmosis in the early days, but you know so yeah so we kind of got a theme of contamination going Oh my Lord, too funny.
So do you find yourself going over to Canada much or is it is it still locked down?
I mean it's right there. Right you guys are right on
the border.
There
you go, that's okay. Okay.
no kidding did you say?
Mm So what do you think it's forward coming out with the all electric competitor to the Tesla?
Right, but it's probably
as
heck
all they do.
well
I mean
that's true
No it is
ago
Oh you're disabled
I'm sorry to hear that,
yep, I understand. I mean I'm
getting ready to have some surgery that I don't want to have either so
It's a prostate thing. Yeah.
No.
interesting and that's
World
Yeah
nice we'll go that's it's good that that worked out but hopefully something will come around to help situation you've got now though.
Mhm.
And
Yeah
Well that's good
Right well you know best luck with all that that doesn't sound fun necessarily.
Yeah thanks I'm trying
to prep.
know exactly.
there's a there's a there's a variety of things I'm not looking forward to on this one but all right well hey well uh yeah hopefully
uh you to now take care
I I think just closing out the window.
All right
yep
okay hey take care now.