Hello. You hear me?
Yeah just fine. I guess we're supposed to just talk
or
where are you?
Good, how are you doing?
where are you? What part of?
It's a good place.
Oh yeah there's there's some places not far at all.
we're moving into that season now
now it's better here than I've lived in the midwest and the Northeast and at least that whole dry heat thing does make a difference but it's still hot.
went back east last summer to visit family in new york at a family beach house and I felt like I was wet all the time. Yeah.
but if you get used I feel like they're actually our seasons are just not eastern season. Yeah there's there is a winter when it's kind of chilly and rainy although not nothing like out east and there's spring where things are blooming and it's just really nice out. And then you get into the really hot summer when you get a hot rainy part of the summer which is more humid. Then in fall it goes back to hot and dry.
No.
well what we do freeze in winter sometimes only at night you know view but and one time it snowed during the day. That was what was unusual.
Oh yeah I think there was on the night time at least if it's still there in the morning you know a lot of time they'll fall at night and then be gone. They do remember watching the news listening to the news one day. You know they were explaining what black guys was. Yeah we see show because it wasn't something anyone we've been here all their lives would be familiar with. It's kind of funny.
Like.
like snow I did think especially as a kid getting out and it was great. Yeah the kids
out will get surprised that it's cold that snow is so cold, T. V. You know it's usually like in holiday sort of things and it looks warm and cozy.
I
just started doing I've just started doing user testing in general not to to long ago and I just found prolific. I know probably only about two weeks ago
and
there's
been
and I'm a freelancer so I'm working at home already so I just kind of leave a window open and do it. Well how about you have you been doing this for a while or?
Still working
outside?
Whatever.
What,
yeah I've been working on doing that with him. A freelance writer so you know I'll work on something then switch over if something pops up and then switch back. What other sites are you using? I'm using a couple of others too.
Okay. And I just signed up for them. I haven't
started
using
them yet.
Well
don't
and europe.
What
that
my friend
problem?
That sounds a lot like I did content writing for a web company for a web content company for a while and the same thing like your acceptance rate. What? All right.
What?
Well.
Well that's true. Pretty much actually prolific. A little longer than when some of them there's one to try my which I like because they pre screen like prolific. If you get a link at all you're qualified. But
those
were
And of course
thank
you. Uh huh. I've only
done
a few of them. So Power.
I mean
you're in like
noon it
try my U. I. T. R. Y. And why you a there's one word.
Yeah. Actually I haven't gotten a ton of work but I like knowing that when a link comes up at all I'm going to qualify. Well like prolific. Does they look at the democrats ahead of time and then user testing dot com. There's one that I've been using a lot of.
well
what kind of for me? You know
now that last week and since then it's like I'm grabbing those first you know those years for those first.
those were hard.
wow.
Right. I've heard of them. I have not there on my list of check them out but I haven't yet.
Well that's
All
it's
worth waiting in the queue. Yeah.
That burns
test birds. I actually like they're very sporadic but there are very together and organized about it.
we are
and
it does shade into some stuff that's like, yeah, I actually tried survey junkie for a week and that was, you can spend years trying to like earn anything there and they're they're annoying. Studies to I mean the prolific ones I enjoy.
What?
After
three cents.
yeah. Yeah. I've got an actually vibe from them too
that
Okay. That one I haven't heard of it all. Oh
Without
that's how I feel with test birds, it's like I won't sit around waiting because there's not that much. one thing does come up. I've had surprisingly good luck with one called in tele zoom.
payout for sort of lois but they're quick. I mean none of them take more than five or 10 minutes. It's like five. It's usually it's like two day dollars usually five or eight. Right?
Uh Huh. It's a German one
and
I've only done like A few. I mean it's like one a month or or less but they were the first one I did when I was trying to just learn more about this without doing tests and Oh yeah.
My hands.
correct.
Okay. I think I've heard proud pack pc.
What is it?
I think I've heard them mention too.
so
full.
Always
upset on my list if I know that there's not a screener because then I know if I do it, I've done it.
But
what? Yeah.
I did one for you test for the first time, I've been doing Screeners them for a while and it was
a test on a delivery app well and funds was like they had to place an order and they refunded you for like convenience for type stuff for the order
and you know a little bit more.
Well I have done an awful lot of screeners for them that have gone nowhere but none of them are long, they're pretty short.
Far.
Yeah I followed
up on right at a few times.
But it has a bunch of lists down in there, that's where I keep my searches, keep leading me a lot of the time.
No
I think that it goes faster and it you know it's actually useful at all about
well the girl.
there's a you know I'm definitely yeah I'm definitely gonna check me bo abundant up on my list.
Mostly in a different realm of, I did dip into content writing because they were non verbal leo in places like that. The work was interesting with the amount of time prepare. I mean, I just couldn't write fast enough to make that that kind of profitable, but I actually write young adult fiction and child these
books and things
like that and I've also done some articles and some yeah, a little bit of everything, you know, it's a very up and down sort of field, so thinking about like what else can I be doing at the same time,
my heart.
What
about?
That's the thing about those. Yeah, I mean it's interesting but you have to like the fiction and articles, you know, I've done the whole, you know, Pitch one Agent and you know, celebrates kind of a whole different process but it's also a lot less predictable long term. So it's not like yeah like you find your place and then you're there Oh so it's sort of yeah it's sort of like a I think of that as my main thing but it's not always the main money making thing, although sometimes
it is some
work husband,
yeah, something else it has. But other years, you know fiction is you know, not a yeah it is a very up and down downfield shark. Okay, it's
confirmed.
I love it.
It has I have a series I'm now putting it back in that was published by Random House, you know about a decade and stayed in print for a long time now that it's out of print, I'm putting in fact on you know, bringing it back into it myself. But yeah, I've had four books with Random House and long time ago through with scholastic And then
one publisher called Holiday House. That's like an educational market publisher. Yeah. I
don't think that's to identify ourselves because I think that ruins the survey for for the banana. The app totally like doing my usual. Here's my
because I was totally gonna I
four
I don't
but I don't know if they're willing to put us in touch after it's done but I'm happy. But yeah, I have some very books and some dark fairy books and a young adults. It in Iceland that might actually be findable based on that.
Well the fairy books are separated from the Iceland book but
very books and books that in Iceland
figure it out,
you know?
Yeah. Cool, cool. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess. Yeah. I don't know what the rules are for what they need for the the study. But yeah, if you find me,
they take place in Iceland.
One of the three and one's a stand alone.
Well
Cool. Yeah.
We
told our we're actually right about yeah. Actually once we got to talking about survey sites that kind of
we're talking about
about part of the country to find too. But yeah, I'm curious what, I'll be curious what they are using it. You know what they're actually measuring,
Everything
after the beginning.
Uh That's my goal. I mean there could be some what was your impression at the star? What was your impression at the end type of stuff for? Alright. I realized I took a look so that I actually remember what you look like in case it's a study about. Yeah.
good one.
Can you recognize this? Well, I guess we'll yeah, both find out what I think you're probably right though. It about isolation and connect ignorant.
That means.
Even if that asked me when I last took a survey about COVID-19.
yeah. I think with a few other things but mostly Yeah.
totally. Well I guess we'll find out what their questions are, you
know?
Yeah, this is
pretty
funny. But
or
we're
gonna have a couple of new sites to check out too. So who called and
I
looked up on my list maybe to get I just got accepted. I haven't started combing through the site yet. So I might be a thing her this week.
That might be a thing for this week. One of to do this. He was there. Well, thanks for chatting.
Well honestly fun watching these afterwards.
I
report.
Because you didn't give us any guidelines. So
so we did.
We'll
take
care of it. Good sort
of new
sarah.
Well,
They
will
find
them or they want us, I guess we can close the window. And then so
after.
The technical,
the technical quality of the chat. So I think it's okay to look like they assume we're done.