if, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah hurt. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Good.
You hear me?
Yes I guess it's just a random conversation.
So
how are you doing?
Oh not too bad. Do you? Uh
Oh I love the pennsylvania Tucson. I had an aunt that lived there long long time ago.
Yeah. She used to uh do like a lot of rock climbing and stuff around there.
I think she eventually got tired of the heat though. I think that was like the main the main bad side of it for her.
Yeah. But I was living I lived in pennsylvania most of my life. But I lived in um last year I lived in south Carolina for a little over a year and I got a little east of what it's like to uh to be in like a hotter territory over the summer, it was pretty intense.
Yeah. You don't have nearly as much of a humidity issue there. Yeah, I was in um it's probably like 15 years ago, I was in California during a summer and it was much more tolerable than like really bad summers on the on the East Coast. Just because like it could be really hot, but you weren't just drenched all the time. Uh
Mhm. Yeah, I missed uh missed seasons, that was the main thing I missed when I was in, I'm not sure what it's like in uh in Arizona in in um south Carolina, it felt like It was kind of like 75% of the year was summer, and then 25% of the year was like mild summer, didn't feel like there was any other seasons.
I was
I remembered um one of the things about being in uh in California during it was probably like Somewhere around October or so and there was this like it came on the news that like a big cold front was coming in and the cold front was where it dropped down to like 70° or something like that. I was like what?
Is it is it a thing where if you get like a Like a 10th of an inch of snow on the ground, everything just shuts down for a full day.
Yeah. I um Forget what I think it was maybe around like 1993 or 94. We had like crazy winter where uh it snowed. Like I I don't remember how much snow it was but it was feet like it was where there were snow drifts that were like over six ft tall. And uh Uh one day I went out to play, I was probably like on a 13 or 14 at the time and I went out to play and it was like there was probably too two or 3 ft of snow on the ground and the top like probably six or nine inches was just solid ice. And and it was like a complete was like an alien planet. And um I went out with my cousin and we were like playing on this big hill where we were trying to climb it, but it was like literally trying to climb a sheet of ice that we had the like pound little holes in it to like pull
ourselves up. And then if we like lost our grip and slide all the way down to the bottom. And and then it was like crazy to think about like how how uh much snow that was and then when and then you think about living in a place like California Arizona and how you know, just getting like a little flurry of snow. Is this like, oh my goodness, look at snow. Mhm.
It.
Right. Yeah, it's like fireplaces and hot chocolate and everything. Yeah. So is this uh do you do a lot of um like prolific style work from home or is this more of like a side thing or do you do this as a as a main form of income?
No.
I
don't
see
you. Yeah. Lucky.
Um Yeah, it's been, I don't say it's probably close to two years now. I I uh sort of transition from working a normal job while I was still working
at my
last job, I started researching these kinds of sites and realized that you can actually make about as much doing this kind of work on average as I was making at my job. And um and then you've got all the freedom of, you know, saving time not having the drive to and from work or dealing with the boss or any of that stuff. So researching different sites and then um sort of uh started doing them a little bit like on the side while I was working until I got comfortable enough with it and then put in my notice and then like transitioned over to doing it full time. So I jumped, I jumped between probably like, well I probably have
like a dozen different sites that I use, but it's only maybe like half a dozen of them that I use like
a lot and prolific is one that's sort of like uh like you said, I just kind of like keep it open in the background and look for pop up when they pop up, I'll grab them and and I just do that with like several different sites so that there's usually if there's nothing going on in other sites and I can jump over to another one and usually find enough stuff to keep myself busy.
Um the one that I started off using like that I was only using when I first started was amazon's mechanical turk
I
think the
monastery.
Yeah, that's that's one that's like, it can be really hit or miss. Like if you can find good stuff on there, you can make like some really good um money. Uh there's like some really sort of not very good stuff. The biggest trick about it is learning which which requesters like come
on pretty regularly that are like really trustworthy and pay good versus the ones that are on regularly that don't pay very well. And
um and there's a like whenever you submit work then a requester can accept it or reject it. And I don't know how much research you did on mturk before you signed up for it, but they kind of um a lot of requesters will require you to have like a certain level of your jobs accepted uh
you qualify for their jobs, so if you end up having a bunch of rejections it can mess up your average. And so I essentially spent the first like month
or two just getting stuff that seemed like really safe and that you can do a lot of to build up numbers to
the point
and you could be a little more cavalier
about what you're doing because you've got enough jobs accepted that if you get a few injections it's not going to mess up your average. So that's like the biggest hurdle of getting into Mturk is just getting your numbers build up and getting to know like what the good requesters are and what the bad requesters are.
it doesn't pay very well but you can do them like you know they'll pay like one
cent per job but they only take a couple of seconds to do. And if you just grind through like hundreds or thousands of those it's a really good way to get your numbers up. As long as it's like a requester that you know isn't uh doesn't going to reject a bunch of your work. And uh there's uh there's a site called uh turk out the con that you can go to that where people like rape the requesters about like where they
are, stuff like that so you can avoid the crap ear ones. So it's it's good. I've made I've made decent money on there and uh I can tell you just like right off the top of my head that if you ever um happened to see um a requester called alexandria. There one of the best ones on there, they pay really fair. I've never had a rejection from them. I've done thousands of jobs for them. And uh there are ones where you can um It fluctuates depending on what kind of work it is. But a lot of times you can make like $2025 an hour. We're doing their stuff whenever it's up but it doesn't always last a long time because they are so good so people kind of dive on them.
I've
heard
him that it was called
Try My
UI.
I
think
please. I think
I had unwritten
down.
Yeah. I'm sorry say that again.
Yeah. Yeah. I have a list of ones that I still haven't looked up yet and I'm pretty sure that was one of them because that sounds really familiar. So you've used them and they're actually decent.
I do use your custom. I think user testing has become one of my, it's probably like my second best site right now because I get Uh you know you have to go through a lot of screeners on there that but the screeners are really fast so it's not just doesn't really feel like that big of a waste of time. But when you when you grab one it's like you know $10 for a 10 or 15 minute thing
is really good. And
Yeah. Yeah, I really like doing those and then occasionally when you get lucky and you get the ones where it's actually like a like a face to face with somebody Where they'll pay like $30 for a half an hour or $60 for an hour. Those are, those are really good. I found uh actually got two of those um in April. So that was like uh you know I mean two hours for $120. It's kind of hard to beat that.
Yeah. Those are so good. Only
uh to there's uh two sites that can have really really good
jobs but it can be pretty hard to like it's it's very sporadic. Um Have you tried going on to respondent?
They have gotten, I don't get a ton of work from them because you're only allowed to apply to three things per day. Uh huh. And it's one of those things where you kind of like go in and you look through the list and you find something that you think might be fitting for you and then you do a screener for it and then if they want to use you will contact you. And it's a definitely like varied but I'd say it's kind of in line with user testing where you can make about, you know like I I had one that was like a one hour um phone interview and I think I got like $100 or 120 for that one.
Actually There was one that um that was like multi tiered where I had to basically like take my phone and go around and um record a few things in my house explaining like my um like a room set up and then I had to like go to a store and like sort of take some pictures in the store and record my experience of like what happened in the store and everything. And overall the thing took maybe like three or four hours over the course of a week. But I ended up getting like $400 for it.
So it's like you might not get something for a month or two at a time, but if you do get something it can be really, really
good.
And
people.
That's that's the one. Like I love the ones that have good uh good interfaces and are organized and you can actually like attack them if there's an issue. And
there's a lot of really sketchy ones
that.
Yeah. I think I think it was survey junkie that I did. One that was, it must have taken like, I don't know, 20, minutes to do. And then like at the end of it it suddenly like said, Oh
you don't qualify for the survey and like that kind of stuff
is.
Yeah so uh and then I'm always seeing stuff about swag bucks and I tried that and that was terrible. That's just that was like I guess if you have a spare computer that you can just have dedicated off to the side to make a couple bucks a day doing that, that's fine. But it seemed like really not worth it to me. Um.
Yeah. It's basically like paying you to
like see ads essentially like just to have like ads on your computer I guess. I don't know, it's it's just a it's just a mess and doesn't doesn't pay much and it's like a glitchy site and yeah, I just didn't like it. But um uh Another one that I really like that's kind of sporadic, but when you do get something it tends to be good is called Nevo,
it's a it's N E. V. O. And it deals with like ai stuff, so it's a little bit like mturk in that you do a whole bunch of small jobs that are just worth like a few cents apiece. But it's a lot more like focused in on a i stuff and there's like a lot less requesters and it's more, it's not where you go into their site and there's a big list of stuff that you look through its where after you fill out your profile, If there is something available that fits you, they'll message you and say, Hey, you want to try this out and then you take like basically a screen or test to, you read the instructions and see if it's something you're interested in. And then they'll usually have like a test where you have to do like 10 of the jobs just to show that you understand the instructions. And then after that point, then it's essentially like it becomes open to you and you can just do it as long as the job exists until they run out. And then at some point after the job runs out, then they'll, they'll pay you for the work you did for it and they're pretty fun. Like it's a really sleek interface that works really well. And just last month I made Almost $200 with them. So that's just a thing.
That's one ones on the side, like I don't use it all the time. But when I get a message that's like, Hey, we've got stuff available, then usually I'll drop everything else and go to that for a while because it's really good.
Oh I've heard of that one too.
that's cool. So the other one you said, did you say test birds?
Okay. I've never heard
of that.
There's a there's like a really really simple one that's not really worth much money, but it's a great thing just for, it's one, it's the kind that I have where I check it every day and I usually like do a couple little things for it every day. And then um you get um amazon gift cards from them and
I usually get maybe like 20 to $25 a month amazon gift cards from them uh called
crowd cap
tapped
yet. T ap crowd tap.
They're they're really good because um like I said, there's, there's not a whole lot available with them, but usually there's a few things you can do each day. And it's uh, it's like a point system where every 1000 points that you get, you can redeem for a $5 amazon card, So get on every day and look, and it will usually take me five or 10 minutes to go through and do whatever is available at the time. Then I might come back and check like two or three times during the day. And it's all, there's no like screening stuff or anything like that. It's just literally like, it'll pop up all the little things that are available to you and how many points they're worth and you go through and you do them all until you clear them all out, and then, and
then just
launched with something else. And so that hardly takes any time. And it's just kind of like a little bit of a little bit of bonus money each month. So I like
that.
Yeah. Yeah it's a it's a really simple format if they just have like little um little squares on your screen for each thing and you can also do on your phone and then up in the corner it has your point total. And then as you peach one it just adds to your point total. And then whenever you reached 1000 you just hit redeem and go in and do it. They I think they do more than just amazon amazon, just what I always do because um because that's the thing I would would get the most used out of but I think they've got gift cards for a bunch of different places. But
yeah that one's a
Just hey I got this extra $20 this month. That was, that was easy
and
that's
yeah, you test.
Yeah. This is uh like uh interesting um world of, because there's so many sites and there's so many, like I've done so much, like when I was first getting into it, I did so much research and there's so many different lists of, like these are the best places and this place can be trusted in this place can't. This place used to be good, but it's not good anymore
and on and on and on and, and so it's been kind of fun sort of whittling
it
actually work. Yeah.
And that's pretty convenient. That happened to get a like face to face conversation uh prolific test that leads to being able to have a conversation about other
site. Haven't tried yet.
I know
like, like this conversation could actually become like profitable in the long run. Really
But you said that you're uh you're a freelance writer, like what you are there? Like, is that something that you've gotten into um that you have like certain sites that you do it on or is it something that you do? Like in a different realm from these kinds of sites?
But
that's
Right. Yeah. I've always wanted to like, I've always liked writing and I wanted to get into more like making money off of writing, but I've never quite figured out like what, what way to go or where to where to try and like I tried doing some stuff on, it was like caught up work where you can apply to do different jobs and it's like a pretty intensive application process, like people can post jobs and then you have to actually like uh maybe like submit samples of writing or or right, a big like you know things sort of like selling yourself kind of stuff and
and I tried doing a few things on there and it ended up feeling like I
was
spending like way too much time just like applying for things that I never heard back from and
It's
like,
it's like the thing that you you want to do the most, but always the thing that pays the bills.
Have
you,
do you like the uh like the young adult fiction and stuff that you write, has any other been published or do you have any series or anything like that?
That's
Well.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I didn't even think of that. I just want to ask if it was like,
yeah, that might break
the rules.
That
young adult fairy would set in Iceland.
Oh, it's different. Okay.
Might be able to.
Yeah. And I actually uh um I really like um uh fantasy and dark, like dark fantasy and stuff like that. So dark
books and stuff like that be probably right down my alley.
That's really cool. Yeah, I'll have to. So
yeah, if I if I find an author that has a series of books about dark ferries and a series of books that takes, does it take they take place in Iceland or are they actually about Iceland
like Iceland? And one of them is a four book series, 1 to 3 book series
on the stand alone. Okay. All right, that'll be fun. Be
whenever one of the you know, whenever you're doing like this kind of work and you start getting bored and burned out and you're like, I need something else to do for a little bit. That'll be my something else to do for a little bit sad thing. Mm
Yeah. Oh, wow. Did we ask? Holy crap if we already
happened?
Yeah, I got all excited like
places.
Yeah, I know like, because I was thinking it might have something to do with, um, because there's going to be the questions afterwards. My prediction is that are going to be questions about being an isolation and how you felt before the conversation and how you felt after to find out if there's
like,
kind of rude enhancing thing. Like did it make you feel better to connect with somebody or?
like a picture, like 15 people on the screen would be like
talking to.
Yeah. I feel like 75% of the jobs I've gotten over the last two months have been about COVID or about social isolation or something like that. It's like, it's like um the amount of like regular work has kind of gone down because of a lot
of like universities and marketing companies and stuff not putting as much money into it. But then at the same time there's been like this huge surge of surveys that have to do with current events and three. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I had one that was like, how many surveys about COVID, 19 have you taken so far? And I was like, I have no idea. At least 100. It's been mostly all I've been doing
or something completely unrelated. And then like at the very end I'll just tag a couple questions about it on. Yeah.
We
get closer predictions where see if we
free
speech.
I know. I really enjoyed it. And now
I've got I've got a mystery to solve and I've got four new uh for new sites to check out. So really productive
call.
Well,
good with.
For what?
Yeah. You too. It was nice to anonymously meet you.
All right. They
were
like, we spent the whole thing. I'm talking about how to make money on other sites.
Yeah. Talk about whatever you want. So
yeah, it is.
Talk
about
look,
yeah, went from weather, uh money making
sites to um um the mystery of of what books you've written
to uh trying to predict what the experiments about. So
enjoy
that
people.
I think
they had some instructions on the site. I'm going to go read that if if end up clicking off figuring this out. It's
nice. Top again.