speaking? Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh It was Mhm. Uh huh Mhm. Uh huh
That's the point. You can hear me insane. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Fuck up. Mhm. Yeah. Um I couldn't hear it before you talk. I Uh huh. Yeah. Okay.
I am. My dog is being distracting. No. For some reason I couldn't hear you. So eventually I saw you thought are waving at me but didn't hear sound Yeah,
I'm starting pretty good. How are you?
I'm in the midwest. How about you?
Get support.
just
for for today or for
some time. Mm
That's right.
expected. Okay.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah,
that
makes sense.
I have I have family on the west coast that I was like, should I like just pick up and go stay with them for a while? But uh I didn't so I'm here, I'm here for school, you know? So
I don't
I'm studying neuroscience,
I'm sorry.
We're here,
But
yeah I am. I have some friends. I'm actually in grad school in a PhD program right now, but I've had a couple of friends not in this field but friends who went to grad school for other fields that um you know didn't finish their phds for whatever reason. Um It gets hard referred.
But
Yeah. I'm pretty new. I started last year, so um the way that my program works is you don't start in the same lab or you don't join a lab immediately, you like try out one lab and then you try out another lab until you find the lab that you want to do your thesis in. Um So I had done with them rotations, I've done my first rotation and then was in my second one when everything shut down. Uh So it's been definitely interesting. I think I've spent more time unless uh new environment in a pandemic than not in a pandemic,
We'll see
you
your advisor.
No I am, I do everything on zoom. Um I actually have had a bunch of classes this semester but it's wrapping up. I just you know, basically like had a meeting, you're having like a class on zoom and then like immediately went to the next class. So I guess it's better than walking between classes, but
I don't
know.
Yeah. No, I'm from the west coast
um like middle California.
Actually,
Yeah.
But.
Yeah. I have to say I haven't paid too much attention to what's been going on in other countries. I mean I know like europe's having spikes but it's just been like such a nightmare in the U. S. That I've been distracted.
No. Yeah I had originally been I had originally been thinking of driving to California in the coming weeks and then just staying there for a month or two. But now like, I don't know, it doesn't seem like that's the best idea. Um But I don't know, I mean it's also like it's a five day road trip by myself. Like I'll have my dog with me but you know, I don't know, maybe not the best decision right now,
but
I
have
okay that's yeah,
I've been trying to plan out like Airbnb s and stuff and I think what I'm gonna end up doing is try to find enough that I could cancel last minute um and
then just
see,
Oh.
Change,
So
always.
Yeah, I had originally been thinking because I'm in the Northeast um the northeast midwest. Um I had originally been thinking that I would like go south and then west. Um but who knows my IFE sisters in the middle of the country, so it would have been nice to like stop and see them. But I don't I haven't decided I I've been half trying to like finish off this semester before I make plans while also needing to make plans in advance. It's been a it's been a balance
So the way that my school did it this year or this semester was mostly everything was online and then there are like a few select classes that were in person and then they had these different like levels of risk. And so at one point we got down to the lowest risk, which meant that more classes were being held in person. Um And then in the past week I think maybe because of Halloween or something um Like cases spiked like crazy. Um So now we're back to like basically nothing being in person. Um I think they are. Yeah. Uh For the for next semester it's going to be the same, like there's everything will have an option to be online, some things could be in person. Um But it just depends on what things look like. I don't know. Um I don't know what they're thinking, I think they're starting later too. Um But I am not actually taking classes next semester, so it doesn't um it's not relevant to me at this point.
Yeah. Yes, it would be nice to go back into the lab, but that has some challenges at the moment.
Um I might have the option to, I would have the option to at this point unless things drastically changed. Um But I'm fortunate that I have a lot of data that I can analyze um from home, so that's predominantly what I've been doing for the last while.
Well,
Shoes.
Time
something.
This,
Mason,
How long is she allowed to be in Canada without?
Six
months?
it's
It's
more
since.
Well,
like I
said,
Still
sorry,
acceleration
is
filled.
Everyone's getting lessons and exponential growth right now.
Thanks.
responses.
This thing.
It is,
mm.
No
good
answers.
Um It depends on when I finish my thesis. I think most people take about 5.5 years,
No
problem.
Um Neither so I worked as a technician for a few years after I graduated undergrad. Um So that gave me more experience in um I don't know neuroscience research in general because I hadn't really been on that track in undergrad um until my last year, it seemed like I was going to go more like software development. Um And then I changed my mind here. I am,
but
see
Sorry? Yeah.
She.
Yeah,
I mean, I'm I'm definitely not finalized in anything yet, so who knows what I'll be doing in six years. Mhm.
Yeah. Imagine. Yeah, it is,
it's
I uh had some leftovers that I had put in the freezer and I put a date on them so that I would like, no, when I had made them and it was end of september and I was like somehow that's almost two months ago and it seems like that was a long time ago, but it also feels like I just made this.
How
many
chances?
How did you decide where to go? Yeah.
that's
Let's go
today.
Mhm.
This is
thing.
I
have
mine.
Thanks.
lisa.
There's
something
you can do
it here, It's nice here,
Yeah, I'm routine. Um I actually had, it was a little bit unfortunate. Not terrible, but my place is really close to campus. I had specifically rented it because it's like a 10 minute bus ride from campus. Um I don't feel like I'm going to be getting on a bus anytime soon. I'm also not going to campus. And so basically for the costs that I'm renting, I could live further out of the city and have like more space and like maybe have like a backyard for my dog. But my, I renewed my lease in february, like end of february.
I mean, I don't know if like moving at the end of june would have been something that I would have wanted to do. Um but so I yeah, my least goes until july and in february again, I will have the choice to renew or not. Um I probably will just because I don't really want to deal with moving. Um But I mean, who knows? Yeah,
I'm renting my place no matter what, like I don't think anyone is going to be subletting apartments.
I mean I was very optimistic up until like june like I feel like in May, I was like this is gonna be okay. Like I'm going to go back into lab in july. And I remember like I think in May I couldn't so I couldn't buy a thermometer, right? Because everyone went out and bought thermometers and I couldn't
buy a I couldn't buy a pulse ox because everyone had gone out and bought purchased pulse ox is so finally and May I found them and they weren't arriving until june and I was like, well like I might not even need that. Uh huh.
that's
it.
definitely.
I want to.
Yeah. I know. The big thing with the vaccine is the distribution is going to be really hard. Um So
I don't know, I mean what's the optimistic is end of next year or something? Yeah.
Yeah,
definitely not july 2020 but I was optimistic about
no.
No.
it's
Excellent.
I mean I agree with that. Um It was interesting because my friend and I what ended up happening was basically if you combined our predictions because he was like things are just going to keep being bad and I was like, I mean I think they're either gonna I was like, I don't think they're going to be the same, like I think they're going to get better or I think people are going to give up and stop caring and he was like well if they do that it's gonna get a lot worse and I'm like yes that is what I think is gonna happen.
Just
something
saying.
just when I was talking to the same friend, I think it was when the U. S. Hit like 100 and 20,000 cases a day and I was just like are we going to get to 200,000 before like two weeks from now? This would have been last week and I think we're at 1 80 yesterday
I'm like oh two weeks was optimistic like I mean that's probably happening like Tuesday like four days
from
now.
No.
Mr
Escape
Pizza.
castles
thank
you
here.
I mean that's my like if I was leaving to drive to California, it would be two weeks from now and that's why I was like, it's probably going to look really rough um in two weeks. So
if
I
you cannot
stop. It's
time
to go.
Want
to get
now.
I want
something today.
No,
no,
this is good.
Yeah, I mean, I think the only, that's probably still true. One thing I have been is finding Airbnb s that are like completely separate buildings so that's like one of the, which I hadn't even thought of and then a friend was like no, like it needs to be like above the like separate garage or like
it's good
to
know.
Week,
this is
I don't know.
it sounds
Tonight
possible
at
any time.
I have a place to live
hopefully.
it was nice
talking
to you.
Good advice.
Yeah. You too.
It's.