Hello? Hello.
yeah, when I came on I wasn't sure if you couldn't hit hear me. I think I wave my hand a couple of times and and then.
how are you?
I'm good, good. So what part of the country are you in?
I'm in. Well, normally I'm normally I'm on the East Coast, but I'm actually on the West
coast today. So yeah,
I know.
No, no.
no, for some time
I'm lucky for what I'm working. I can kind of do it wherever I want. So
in the summer we decided
to things weren't, things were great where we were. So we decided to yeah,
decided to uh
relocate for a while,
kind of
of indefinitely. So. So yeah,
what
do you take in school,
neuroscience? My daughter actually was doing neuroscience. She was doing her she was doing she was actually doing her PhD in neuroscience
and in in Calgary in colorado. But she didn't finish, she left the body with me about a year, year
and a half to go. So yeah, I don't know all I know it was different, it was tough, that's all I know for sure. It was not
easy.
And that's what she says. I don't know what year you were in. She was spending
most of her, most of her time was actually in, well the split between the lab and some class work, but it was mostly research work, right? And in that field, so so I assume it's the same for you.
well you mean for for your time at school in european your grad program, right? And your graduate program. So so do you have any
classes,
any classes that are face to face with with your, what do you have? Like eh forget what they're called? They're your, what is it called when you have that person you work with when you're in grad school, helps you through
your advisor? Right. Do you spend any time with that person? Face to face or no? Or
maybe
I
don't know. Are you, are you from the midwest then?
You're from the West Coast? What part?
Okay, Okay. Because I'm actually originally from Canada, but I, I spent half my life in the United States, half my life in Canada. And um, I've kind of been able to travel a lot. I'm actually in Vancouver right
now, so well because I'm a dual citizen, we were able to, I'll say escape, I'll use the escape word, so escape the United States. So Yeah.
Yeah. So we
decided to do that like six months is coming up the middle just after january 1st. So I wish things were better. I'll tell you, I I wish things were better everywhere. By the way, they're not they're better here like relative to the United States, but they're still not like good if you know what I mean. It's a lot better than than what we could be. But it's a yeah, it's unfortunate
by the way, there's no way to escape the american news no matter where you are in the world, it haunts you. So Yes, Yes, it is just I I'll tell I read the new york times, you know what kind of person I am right away when I say I read the new york times, I have my subscription and it's not every day, look at the number of new cases and it's just not a good thing to look at. So
I
wouldn't
I
wouldn't actually think it's necessarily a bad decision, you know? I really don't think so. No.
No.
that'll
be
that'll be hard by the way. Well because we have a lot I have well I've been traveling for the last four years a lot and um
and Airbnb s at the beginning of the pandemic was fantastic with cancellations like fantastic for the rent or um but since then it's kind of it's kind of changed a bit where they kind of swung not back that they're completely on the wrench or side. Um But they uh yeah it's a lot harder to do that. I I hear you because that's what I that's what we do as well, we do Airbnb and B. R. B. O. All that stuff and we're traveling as well. But yeah they've changed
that lately but I think you know you said you said five days I've driven across the United States and I say across
I mean from um Virginia all the way to victoria like uh british Columbia does not drive about twice
in the last couple of years and it's you know I don't know exactly where you are but hopefully you can do it a little quick. It is a lot of driving and winter is coming.
So what is the school saying for next for after january they're saying anything yet or as far as what they're expectations are?
Well that's good. Then.
Also are you scheduled to go in the lab next next term? Next semester?
Okay. You remember Megan? My daughter's last research work that she was doing was working with opioid addiction with rats in a lab and she had to keep the rats I don't know if they had the control rats I guess and they had the rats that they were dragging
up so to speak. And yeah she had to maintain those environments and I I don't know what she was doing exactly, that's what I know, you know what I know right now but I know that she like the work was in the lab like she had someone had to be in the lab and they had shifts and like they had I don't know if they had three shifts or two
shifts what it was but there was always always people in the lab so but but we're trump by the way I'm trying to figure out exactly the same thing you are and we're leaving we're not trump. My wife is not a dual citizen, she's an american. So I'm trying to trying to extend her doesn't have a Visa but I'm trying to get her
something
that allows her to stay legally in Canada for another period of time before we have to decide
because we're waiting until at least december middle of december probably decide what we're going to do. We'd love to be signed,
love to be someplace warmer in the new year but it's just it's just so difficult to know where to go and uh yeah what what to do but there's yeah it's difficult to know
66 months six months
without
like you don't need a visa or anything coming up here as an american but and I
don't think they're going to track us down or anything like that. It's just that in the future if I ever wanted to
try
to get her citizenship
in Canada or not citizenship resident status you know if you if you go against because they do know when you leave. That's the thing they so if we don't so hopefully I guess this is going to sound backwards but hopefully with things being so bad in the United States it will be easier for us to extend extend earth day here. So but like I said, it's
the same
here
where we are the province we were in a couple of weeks ago, it was about 100 new cases a day and yesterday it was up to I think it's over five or 600 cases. So it's gone up like it's still for the size of the place where it's still a low number relative to to other places we could be but still
it's the
the acceleration
is still as
bad
if you know what I mean. You just don't know when that's going to be so. And it
yeah, I have a math degree. Yeah, people don't really, It is interesting. It's funny. I mean Canada, I would have thought that like I watched just
yesterday or the day before our Health Minister of Health in the province here do her talk and um it's funny. There's no mandate to wear masks
by the way. Most people wear masks outside. Like you see a lot of masks, but she says no, I'm not going to put a mandate in place. Most people should just do the right thing. You know, we can rely be kind be nice. It's very, I actually want her to have a mandate in place because it is putting the businesses in an awkward position, you know, so, so that's that's kind of the challenge and but it's a yeah, I wish things were
different. It's it's
very unfortunate. I don't even know. Very unfortunate. Oh,
so
how many
years
is your program?
Yeah. So are you
going
straight from an undergraduate degree to the PhD or did you do a masters?
Okay. All right. Yeah, I know it's a tough, I I know well
because
well my I've had a little bit of experience because my wife actually worked in the at the Mayo clinic in Scottsdale actually, but in the research department.
you know, we got exposed to, well she get exposed to that and I would hear just about it and then watching May, my daughter, she actually
worked after her undergraduate degree at a place that did um It was a Hershey owned company in Arizona that did work with algae, they were trying to use uh I'm not sure what I think it was medicine that they were there doing research on, so it's tough. Uh I actually started out in software. Um So it's completely different. I I like it but it's very different than, well what I ended up doing, so. Yeah. Yeah, it's uh yeah, you never know what, you never know where you're going to end up, no matter what you do, you know? Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Six years is a long time. Especially
like we're living we're kind of living strange time,
like dog years now because time's going in two dimensions. Some ways it's going incredibly fast in some ways it's going incredibly slow high find. So. So yeah.
Yes, I understand. I ran completely well if I told you like we've had a we've had quite a year, like we've quarantined kind of three times already this year. So you know, because when the pandemic started actually, we were in the UK and then coming back to the States quarantining in the States, Flying to Vancouver. Quarantining in Vancouver and where, where I'm from in Canada is actually the other coast. I'm actually from nova Scotia. And if we were to go there, that part of Canada actually quarantines anyone coming in who's been outside of what they call the bubble, the atlantic bubble. Because they have next to no cases. I think they might have. They have in the it was big news when they reached the double digits when they had 11 cases total. So yes, exactly. So having known that now, I should have actually gone there. I didn't want to go there because that's where my parents are and I didn't want there to be
any chance
that
I would somehow travel in with some infection even though you're quarantine, I still felt, still felt it wasn't the right thing to do. So, wow.
we had spent last summer on victoria Island and it was incredibly nice. I know
some people here um
yeah, I've been here before. I know my sister happens to live here.
I've seen her once, I played golf with my brother in law once. Um
Oh you know when you go to, this is still a big
city, I don't know
if you know have you been to Vancouver before
then
too?
Okay. So it's another big city so it's you know it's not like Chicago
big or Detroit big but I think it's the third or fourth largest city in Canada and it's still big and you know they still
right now they recommend not, they actually recommend if you have a family bigger than four or five not socializing with anybody outside your family. So so um yeah, but it's you know we
knew it
here,
it's
I wish it was cheaper here but but it's it's it's you know, it's not a bad place to be. It's not a bad place to be. So. Yeah. So when will you decide do you place your in now? You're renting it no matter what, obviously.
of course. Of course you did.
There
yeah. There's not a lot you can do right now like it's your kind of people are stuck because nobody really knows what they would. I don't know, no one knows what when things are going to change, so.
I know.
Well by the way, things are still going to get back and things are going to get back to some sense of normal too soon enough. Let me ask for us. We're actually waiting.
Waiting
is not the right word. If if what Pfizer announced was true, if it's true, um we would definitely get back.
We wouldn't have any qualms about getting vaccinated
and we're hoping we're hoping that that will happen by june of next year so we can kind of continue on with our life as we were doing it. So um yeah, you know, there's not a lot, it's going to it's going to we're going to get to that point, you know, So, you know, it's just a question of getting there. That's all
for this first one for sure. Yeah.
Yeah.
I I don't
Yeah. That might have been a little soon. That might have
been a little soon because that's when we jumped. That's when we decided to leave actually, the States, when things actually were, they were getting a little better. Um We thought that was the time to leave actually. So because things were good and there was nothing, nothing was really changing
and so or we should have what we should have done. Like we do, we believe in science. I I assume you do too. And if we could have had we done it again, we would have went to Asia because people just are compliant there. They wear masks, they understand they have gone through these kind of things before, more so than what we have in north America or even in europe. So yeah,
I hope, I'm hoping it would be fantastic in the spring if something was to uh to be available, like we would travel anywhere where we could get a vaccination once it was released once it was, we would just go there to get that. So Yeah, but I think things will
turn around and they will, things will get better. Yeah.
I I actually think things are going to get an awful lot worse awfully quickly. I think it's going to happen awfully. It's people like to your point about they're learning about exponential growth. People do not appreciate how fast things will go bad when they go bad, but but hopefully hopefully that will fix some
things.
I know it's weird to say
like hopefully that will actually have a positive effect. That's the only way that I can look at it in a good sense. Yeah.
1 81 according to the new york times. Yeah.
I
was going,
I agree, I agree. And I think that I think that in 10 days if I was a betting man I would say 300 and because it's it's going because because as you know,
until you make change, it takes at least two weeks
for the third to be an impact. So you have that too weak leg. And even though States are gradually doing things you since I can name all the States
that I know that are doing things, it's not enough, it's not enough. And since
they mostly all started this week then then you still have the two week leg. So the chances
if you look at the growth and by the way it's no different
here.
I get even though that the numbers fortunately for me are a lot lower, but it's exactly the same thing like again we were at 100
like just like two weeks ago and we were at five or 600 yesterday. So what's going? It's going the same direction so but it will but it will make things change.
It will. You might have some great deals on Airbnb but
I would book
I would wait to book if you were going to do it though. I would just do it last minute because that's
because
you don't
know
otherwise. And
the other
thing that's happening to
on the Airbnb side that we've experienced is Airbnb places are shutting down to like if you you book something
today
and there's no guarantee by the I'm not trying to be pessimistic about
it because I
just
just the reality is like just the reality of those renters right? Because if someone in your home if you think about how people are reacting now because we've just seen it or as we've been traveling that that's happened to us both both things have happened so where we've cancelled and they canceled.
by the way we only rent like separate that completely separate things. So I hear you. Well it's just that I hear you and that's your right but we've actually had the other kind cancel too. Just
you
know.
Well just because a lot of the people
who were in it like for whatever who would do like shorter term they've stopped that because that business is kind of
evaporated and they've changed their ankles into longer longer term. So that's the only challenge that but you would know better by the way for what you look at it could be comply could be completely wrong. Um
But we just decided to
like because of because it seems to just be changing every month like something will change in terms of the rentals they've just decided to
leave it last minute
and things
are available.
Great they're not okay we'll figure it out. Like you have your place rented until next july anyway. It's not gonna. Yeah I mean,
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So and things will get better. Things will get better.
So anyway, well
have
you done
nice talking to you too and good luck with things. Good luck with your degree and stay safe. I watched this guy Ian bremmer on the internet and heels. He says his political scientist guy, don't you know who he is? But the end of his little talks, he always says stay safe and stay away from people.
Yeah. Anyway, it's nice talking to you.
All right, Take