Good morning.
good. I'm good.
uh it's like 10 o'clock where I am those.
I'm in Connecticut.
Okay. It wasn't Waterbury.
Of
Yeah. Yeah that's home. I like it here.
Not really fall right now because it was 80
of the
Yeah. I grew up here my whole life.
No, that's a small world. Huh?
I've been doing it about a year.
Yeah. I found it about a year ago. Um I've tried other survey sites. This one is by far my favorite.
Yeah, searching. There's no they're very easy to qualify for. There is none of this always spent 15 minutes. You get nothing kind of nothing. Yeah.
Problem with them. Turkeys. I think he spent more time looking for stuff.
For the 50 cents you're gonna make, it's not worth.
That's
where I
first started to. And I found that I found that probably about five years ago when I first started. It was great. I think I made like five or 600 bucks that first year. But lately I don't even waste my time.
It was terrible now. So
to come
stop
president.
Yeah, researchers. And by the page it seems to be very user friendly. So I really like a lot
video.
This is my 7th 1. Yeah.
So it looks like it says you can do seven as they have an algorithm that will kick you that won't match you. If you do more, I'm gonna try and sign up for another one and
just see
what happens. It is 14 bucks. I'll make all that Christmas is in a month. I'm gonna just keep going for longer
now.
It's like a dollar for the initial dollars is the bonus
yeah. Out of the first together. But they've been pretty easy. Pretty everybody's been easy to talk to. So
I know
having coffee and the kids are running around, I'm talking about my wife and I'm like, oh crap, I got to go out on the computer.
yeah.
I love Connecticut, I love how close we are to new york and there's, I think it's the perfect balance of quiet Connecticut living and all that my kids and stuff to do and
you know, as much as I would love to live somewhere in the middle of Montana, but if I'm going to do that, I want to be alone because I don't want anybody near me. You
know,
I love it here.
Yeah, there's there's three in Waterbury right now.
No,
it's
still to live here.
But England Boy, I, I can't see myself living really anywhere
else.
We go north, but I would not go anywhere else.
Yeah, we've been up there and we've done you know like upstate new york and I love I love Manhattan. I love the city. I went to college in the city.
I went to Fordham. I
wish
I wish it was still normal so we could go back because I miss that.
I
did well on my S. A. T. S. I work you
know.
That I absolutely love the city but I could never raise a family there.
I love going I love the hustle and bustle. There's always something to do. My older sister went to afford them too and I think of her and her husband could have afforded it. They would have lived in Manhattan and race there. Love that's yes. Both.
I have the money upper east side high rise. Absolutely. I think.
I'm going to survive like right now Connecticut is the hottest housing market in the country because they're leaving by the tens of thousands of coming here.
Oh market for hours. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah because we're thinking about putting ours on the market because I think I can turn a pretty penny and then getting out of Waterbury to some of the bigger yard.
But yeah houses some of them last if it's a good looking house and it's in decent shape less than a day.
little sister is looking to move up into the litchfield area.
Her and her boyfriend are looking at houses and they'll make an offer and New Yorkers will come and outbid them by 50 grand.
Yeah they're leaving to get because it's so crowded right for them so much and we're not working from home and I don't know how many officers are really going to reopen
much work can live anywhere.
Yeah I think that's going to take, it's going to take some time. But I mean new york always comes back.
It was
Yeah what in another year or so it probably would be if you had the money to invest in real estate there because it's just going to go through the roof again another 10 years.
I'm gonna be the first one in line and kidding me
is you know we're definitely doing that.
this is
this is
People here are for the most part of been really good about wearing their masks
here.
Yeah we have I haven't seen anybody. Yeah be inappropriate about it. So
I just yeah I love just being yeah An hour from New York were two hours from Boston. There's plenty just adults to do you know some amazing casinos because we like to do that.
It's out towards the Rhode island border. Yeah. Earth Benda Vegas. These are these are in there. Yeah.
Oh people, they're a great place to spend a weekend shopping. The restaurants are some world class places to eat a it's
great.
They're on the indian reserves.
two of them, you know the Mohegans and then there's the Mashantucket Pequot Watts.
up to
something O Hagan son. It's the other one, the other one is called Fox Woods. It's really nice. It's very Vegas style and it's got a it's got an outlet mall in it. So there's a lot of kids. I like the other one because there's no kids, it's much more adult. It's a chance for us to leave the kids for a couple days and go do our,
no it's like in the Norwich area, it's not really near near the water but they've got horses and they've got spas and there's
lots of
really good time. Yeah.
got a lot out here. Mm.
Yes.
When I was little I haven't been back there. Yeah
doing lots of things for he's a nurse and you know in retail so kids are young to work a lot.
staying home. Ah
She's sort
yeah she's
like a nursing home slash rehab place. Like physical rehab. They've had some cases but they've been really good because they took it Like super serious from day one.
Enough.
Yeah. I mean it's it's hard we've been trying to be good. The kids can still see their grandparents or
not because we need their help to get them from school because of our so.
Hm.
Oh yeah you talk yeah
look whatever works right?
Seven and nine
yeah they're pretty self sufficient at this point.
One of each
we do with the second we had a daughter and we had my son and well I'm having a third is we have to
girls.
Um Yeah and some things are very different other things along really well they're very close so
or what
night that I had to put an end to but for the most part they're very
they're afraid.
Yes. Yeah like my mom picks him up from school one or two days a week because
working my in laws will get on the other couple of days so
we're all very good a lot of hand washing a lot of mask wearing but everybody's
well picking them up so they're like go to a catholic school here so they go they get to go every day.
All lessons are small. So yeah because if it was home schooling again like it was the end of the year, I probably would be hiding bodies right
now.
Yeah. My son was in first grade and he was still like learning to read and it was really difficult and I'm so glad they're back because all of a sudden over the last couple weeks he's just sort of picked it up.
I couldn't it wouldn't be like this, it was home because I
just did.
God, I hope so. Is this this
some normalcy back in Washington? God,
I
my
Like I wasn't a huge biden guy but I I couldn't do four more years of
some
of the stuff he would do and he would say and I'm like how could it daughters vote for this guy? What is wrong? No, I didn't sleep for like four days because I couldn't stop watching the election coverage. Everything problem.
Like it's a screaming at me turn off the news like no,
I was thinking the same thing I'm sitting, I was up to like 4:00 AM watching and they're all right Pennsylvania. It's he's he's gaining ground. I'm like, Okay, that's good. So yeah, it was,
yeah, I said to somebody, I think a lot of it comes down to, it's like where I live is very diverse. You know, my kids, my kids are the minority in their class right now. You know, a lot of color, a lot of diversity. You can go to places like rural texas and rural Ohio And you can drive for 500 miles and probably not see anybody who doesn't look or sound like
you.
All those are the people that connected with him. Those are
the people
that voted
so widespread and there's so many people living in those
I
think.
Just pulling people apart like families apart like that the way we've handled Covid and Oh, I don't get it.
Just don't I don't get it.
Yeah. Well, you know, Waterbury schools aren't the greatest. So our choices, their mess or learning to read and write and I figured in and drug dealing is more of a retirement plan. So we
Able to open every day. It's all day. It's normal. All the other schools every day, twice a week. Like no,
they have won none. There's not really many people doing that. And they have like two priests who are in and out all the time. But for the most
everybody's very involved and it's great. Well it goes from In the garden through a three and there's only like 300 kids. So it's not like,
it's
the classes are small, you know, they all know each other, you
know?
I am thankful every day for what
I have.
also what I
Honey, it's finally cooled off. It was weird Sunday. It was 80. My kids are walking around in shorts. I'm like thanksgivings in like a week and a half. It can't be this hot right now.
Like even a Halloween, remember nights on Halloween when I was a kid? It was bitter cold this year. Not so much week.
That's
everybody takes off.
Oh my never leave.
Yeah. I mean, I stayed, I grew up here this time. I can't imagine, I can't see myself living anywhere else.
However.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. It is. Yeah.
My family ended up here too because the jobs my grandparents all came to Connecticut from pennsylvania. This is
It does
a little bit, you know when businesses go back to normal, how it goes because Connecticut used to be the hotspot with all these people, like I wonder if it will be again.
I think
corporate headquarters down in the Wilton stanford area, A lot of like Fortune 500 companies that have their offices there,
they all wanted to go to new york because that's where the young people were, that's where the new college grads wanted to live, so they were opening on done, but now back, you know, everybody wants to come here now, so I don't know, we'll see.
Um thanksgiving is never usually huge for us, it's going to be like, but my wife has to work, so my mom, her boyfriend and my kids, so there's only gonna be like six of us.
And then,
yeah, and then christmas is usually our big thing, but I think it's mix of people of christmas because we're not going to get together.
those family members don't always, yeah, that's not always a good fit now.
No, I don't either. That's just
for,
christmas, we'd usually go up to my sister, she lives in massachusetts and she's got the big house in all the room and my wife, Ivan hates going and this year we're gonna be here. So she's thrilled.
But
as
they had for being a,
well, that's all right.
Oh God, I hope so. Uh
for one on New Year's Eve, man, because I
hope,
oh yeah, I just forget this year, this has been awful,
He does something stupid. And then You're like, Oh look, 1500 people died yesterday. That's that's great. Here we go. That's going to winter. And I worry about what is going to be like after thanksgiving, are people gonna be stupid and get these big gatherings and then we're going to have, oh
every runny nose that nature. Right, my kids will bring home it took in february. Are you kidding me? It was, wow,
correct.
my
God, it's use an X and claire and just to try and keep myself dry for the winter because over
it's got got a little older when they were in kindergarten, preschool. Oh nonstop.
Oh hey, don't touch anything.
All
I wish you a very happy holiday season
better.
that's good. This is one of the better ones I've had. So this
was,
you and you have a great right,