Hello. Hi, how are you doing?
Oh good. You're up early.
you're on the east coast maybe then. Huh.
I mean I'm from Connecticut. Um I was born in stanford.
Oh really? We lived in Waterbury for a while. My husband and I I miss, can we live in texas now in Dallas?
But I miss I miss Connecticut so bad.
I like kinetic and I like the people from Connecticut and I love the fall. And
is
it let me make this lab racking. Okay. Okay. Might be there. Um Yeah, not really following. Have always lived there.
You're very lucky to live in one place. We moved around so many times when I was young but Connecticut was where all my relatives live. So we always would go back there to visit them From an italian family.
There's a small world. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Have you been doing prolific longer?
Okay. Me too.
Isn't it? Because it just sends you the surveys.
The time we ran out, even though you, you know, you they tell you to take your time and then I've gotten rejected for that on mturk, you know, and then the timer runs out, you know, like
you spend so much time looking.
It's really not,
it's really really, really
not.
well, they say that it's gotten crazy on enter. I mean people I just signed up for it around the same time I signed, but they say that it used to be much better Kennedy.
and they don't reach you very well on enter on mturk like, you know, and prolific.
You feel like you're
at least being a little respected
by the requesters,
Yeah, I was concerned about this. I thought because I'm not all that text every so I thought, you know,
we uh Won't be able to get on, but it's been this is my 3rd one, have you done it before?
congratulations.
I
would,
and it
says your bonus, but what's the bonus? The $14 is the bone. Okay,
because my first one was, I did one yesterday and then the day before, so I'm kind of new still at it, but I don't.
Yeah, it's very interesting. I find it interesting. I think that I need to balance out like, okay, I woke up this morning, you know, at like seven, I was like, I've got to make sure I don't miss that college, so you're like, it's
the thing.
Yeah, so if you start planning to soon and coming and turn it on Tuesday, and then like it's way more than an hour, You're like in 24 for two hours, you know? Yeah.
No, I'm not anymore. Is it a timer come in and do it that? Let me see, let me think so. Um do you like Connecticut?
that's so nice.
get
that totally.
Yeah, I don't blame you, I don't blame you. And um we lived and I think we live near a stop and shop in connect, you don't know, is there many of them there in Waterbury?
Yeah and but at the time you know I really wanted, my husband was working in Connecticut, he drives a truck and he moving truck and so we kind of had a little bit of an option, you know, we could live a few places you know? But like it was so expensive to live in a kid at the time, this was a long time ago when we were
deciding where he was from texas, so we moved back here.
Social.
Yeah, it is.
No,
don't move, you'll regret it. Yeah.
No, no. Do you go to like Vermont and new Hampshire, have you been up there?
Oh, how nice, Where'd you go?
very
much,
Yeah. You must be very smart to have, can't afford them. It's a hard school to get it
well.
I
don't know. That must have been so cool to go to school in the city. Oh my God,
no, no.
Yeah. If I had anywhere to live, I would love to live there. Yeah.
You'd be perfection. I totally agree, totally agree. When we would go back to Connecticut to visit family, we would always take a trip into the city and go to little ITaly and what christmas stuff. Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know. Do you think like you know you hear these things on the news that there's not as many people there or that I think new york is always going to survive but
Oh my goodness really,
I didn't know that, well that's good for Connecticut, I mean my house, yeah.
Oh that's nice.
Oh my goodness is that?
Oh that's beautiful.
Oh my goodness. Now are they leaving just because of the covid?
that's true. Yeah.
Yeah. You wonder about those office buildings in the city if everybody is working?
It's going to come back without
it now if it's cheaper there will probably be a good time to buy their.
Yeah, I know, I know it's crazy, but people you know, I don't know, I'm just glad when this whole thing will be over. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what my husband said.
Yeah, that's too that's too I can't wait. Yeah
we
it's crazy it's crazy you know people don't wear masks and we um we've been quarantined since March because my husband has a heart condition so it's in eight months that we've just only going to have to get groceries through the pick up you know?
Well
that's so good. Yes.
Yeah. That's really good. That's really good. Did um trying to think of what else I remember about Connecticut? I just loved it. So there's so much history there now.
That's right. Where's that's upstate Connecticut?
Let me want to come there.
Are they
in Connecticut? Are they in Rhode island there? In Connecticut?
I didn't know there was indian reserves. Near Rhode island.
Oh wow. Which one is your favorite because we're going to go there someday. Which one is your favorite casino? Well
you know.
Oh how nice. And is it near is it near the beach anywhere? Is it more upstate?
And
peace.
I'm kind of jealous if your situation I have to we have nothing in texas. I tell my husband all the time there is nothing to do here unless you own like a ranch and have horses or something. You know it's like you can go shopping. People are really good at shopping in texas. There's you know there's the regular things like you know museums and plays and all that stuff but there's not a lot of free scenery, beautiful things to cook. Yeah.
Yes
you I have never been to maine that's another place.
there's one to pull down.
Oh yeah I bet. Well they're lucky to have parents that take good care of that. And so um has your wife been you know I feel so sorry for the she's like a like in an emergency room or somewhere where
assistant mom.
nursing room you said
outcome.
good. That's so good. Yeah that's
really good. Yeah that's good. Very good to hear. I wonder about places that don't you know I have friends that like haven't seen their parents and except through a window in a long time you know.
that's
Yeah. Might have five grandkids.
There's something I haven't seen them since March either. We do Alexa Alexa the
where we talk that way. Yeah and they're funny don't like I have one little granddaughter she'll Alexa me at night and 12. That's color nana so she'll color and uh color it's real
whatever works. And then I haven't I have a grandson that will call me like watch me play animal crossing and like you know he'll position the thing to watch the T. V. You know are you kids really higher?
Oh that's a good age.
Yeah. Are they boys or girls?
one of each. Okay. Well that's good company.
but
we got a boy and a girl. Yeah. And isn't it interesting how different they are? Like I have granddaughters and I have and I had I had two daughters but I have one granddaughter and the rest of grandsons and like they're just they play different.
Oh that's so good.
Yeah. Yeah and a lot of things that you enjoy the things.
Yeah. That's
so good. It's okay it's nice to do they get to see their grandparents or?
Oh that's nice.
No that's
that's
That's nice.
you're
like I'm leaving home school the kids through the covid is hard it's really hard. Like one daughter does that and the other one has her daughter in school and I think the one that home schools I think the kids are getting a little behind.
Yeah that's what my daughter said.
No.
Yeah that's exactly what my one daughter said that now has her kids in school. She said she was getting behind you know? Yeah. Well someday some everything will get back to normal.
I know. I think that it will I think moving forward after january when we have a new president everything will kind of settle.
Maybe
a fingers crossed. Takers
cross. Yeah.
No no I would wake up practically in tears when I would see what he was doing you
know?
too.
I swear we went to bed despondent that first night we were like oh my God, he could win again, you know?
I know it was terrible. It's terrible. It is terrible. The thing I get that there's trump and he's you know and the Republican Party, they're just kind of you know they supported him and all that. I can understand what I will never understand for the rest of my life is how almost half this country voted for him again.
that's
true, that's very true.
I
think
that's something and even I know I I totally agree with you. That's why texas stays republican in the big cities, they vote democrat.
I totally agree with you. But
even
still I would hope that people would see Children in cages and you know, but they just like do they not have hearts or it makes me afraid? Honestly, it kind of makes me
I don't I don't it's something that will always amaze me and probably always will. Yeah.
Yeah. I think it's great that your kids go to school that's so diverse and they go to a catholic school. I left that.
Maybe later. We'll put him in the high school right now.
no no no no no no no no. So do they have none? I went to catholic school
Teachers. That's nice. So I think that my one daughter went to catholic school before my one granddaughter went to catholic school before they moved but where she is now there's no catholic school but my daughter loved it because the parents were more involved and.
I
love that.
I'm
not that that's great. That is great. It sounds like you have a good life, you should be thankful.
That's
good I think something else.
Exactly. Very thankful. Exactly. That's so true etcetera. Well I don't know, it's a beautiful day here in texas so.
sometimes it snows if I remember right at thanksgiving there, doesn't it?
yeah, I remember that and we had so many so much family there but now they've even you know a lot of the old aunts and uncles have passed and so kids have slaughtered, gets
a little bit.
Yeah I know, I wish that didn't happen but yeah. Um
I love it. I love that. Don't you will regret it from the time when my family left Connecticut when I was six years old. My dad mom because there was some issues with some things but with mobsters and things so we had to leave kind of thing from state so we left and we went to florida and you know, it's never, it's always felt like it kind of just tore everything apart because there was no place you were really from. So when my mom would talk about connections, you would say, well we're going to go home, you know, where did that leave us? You know, old man, you know, so, and then we moved around a lot. So it's very nice. You're giving your kids that stability. Yeah.
No, no. Yeah.
Yeah. That's awesome. That is so awesome. Army. I don't know, just texas is nice. It's just very republican and um, that's okay. Yeah. When we first got married, we lived in outside of Austin, his
family met some place out there and then they sold that off and then we left and we moved to Connecticut, that's because there's no jobs here. Not at that time. There was, you know, can you make, it was thriving and um are you familiar with Joyce van lines? I don't know if you're um that's where he went to work, he first learned to drive a truck and that's where he went to work and um and I think it's in Southbury
and that's where he went to work and they were very good to him. Yes, he didn't know how to drive a truck and they taught him,
this is where the jobs were. Yeah and it's funny how it rotates back then in texas there was no jobs, it was like the middle of recession and it was before the tech thing and life changes. That's for sure.
It.
I know I think it could be a long,
there's not more, I mean when we lived there it's part may be different now. I've always thought more big companies should move to Connecticut although it would ruin it for you but it seems like
Oh that's good.
No it's not spot it's funny. So are you playing a big thanksgiving or?
that's good. That's
good. It's my best now.
Yeah. Yeah. Well you know what it's um and my husband we're talking about because we're not going to get around family you know my kids and stuff but it's because they don't I mean they aren't as careful as they should be but it's kind of nice to have a quieter just us because it was always before. Oh you know I don't know I don't really like my kids in Los that's so we have to go and be with everybody and be nice and this time it's just gonna be low key and you know. Yeah
you know like one of them is a big trump supporter and big you know ra ra ra um you know, so you get in fact, well you know, I don't want to go into the world, but
so this year like and then I would always feel bad saying no thinking okay, you can't just keep your mouth shut for during the dinner, you know, just go and make your daughter happy or whatever. But this year I have an excuse, so kind
of happy. It's perfect.
I know, I don't have to go anywhere. I know, I kind of like that and
then
there's boys.
exactly, it's kind of great.
Yeah, it's okay, good things, good things come of that. And then we got the New Year's starting and that's a great thing.
It's I know,
meet
you, me too. I don't usually drink but New Year's Eve, I'm going to have champagne. I tell you
then it's been so awful. It's been a nightmare. Like every time you think, oh it's just gonna stop, he's not gonna do anything else bad the next day he's done something else that horrifies you.
In some places it's going to be very stupid. It's going to be very very very stupid. I can tell you that and think about, I don't know. But like my grandkids are always sicker during the hot during like the winner. I mean, I can't imagine the combination of Covid and
And then this is a good thing because at christmas time, I'm sorry christmas time my kids are usually, my grandkids usually have runny noses, that
kind of thing we're using. Then we have to go there. So then sure enough a week later there we are sick. You know. Quick
thing.
that.
You think just stay away from me.
No, I'm not drinking after you or touching anything. You touch people be horrified. You won't after your child, nope. I won't drink after but it's
terrible. Well it sounds like you have. Everything is good there and I wish you so much blessings and
thank you. You too.
Yes, it will be better and next year will be better. And And I so enjoyed talking to you. Thank you for two.
Well
that's good to know. That's good to know. I don't know. I mean we do. This has been a really good one because we both agreement so many things. Um So that's a really good thing.
okay. Youtube. Happy holidays. Thank