walk. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Hey what's up?
Not much. Not much. Is there a specific question we're supposed to talk about it? It's just. Uh huh.
That's just sick. Yeah.
Shut
not bad not bad.
Just have dinner. Um Yeah
I'm in midwest actually currently.
Mhm.
Oh wow that's pretty
late.
Uh No actually just graduated last year. I'm
just chilling at home now.
More about yourself. Uh huh.
Yeah.
thanks. You might be asking where on the east coast.
Okay that's right outside Dc. Right
it hurts.
Um Yeah I went to college in New Hampshire I also spending um like 15 weeks in Maryland.
I've been to D. C. For
a couple of days right after high school. Yeah. What?
breads
last month we had. No I think and yeah and those are areas I've since there was like october and now it's back to rain.
Yeah we had like two days just now and then we haven't seen it so it's kind
of weird.
Iowa. Yeah.
definitely. Yeah
I
Yeah that's kind of weird.
Well
More
I'm
definitely a fan of the clubs all not uh for my job actually before like all this quarantine stuff hit as in California. So I was there for a couple of months and I feel like the weather is like pretty nice because everybody says it's definitely is sending all the time, it's like never bad. But I feel like at the same time I missed so much like I missed my rain gays and my snow. Yeah.
Yeah
no I was in the account
Yeah I've heard really
good things about san Diego.
there.
I'm not I have a bunch of friends in Seattle that I've been meaning to visit for a while. But uh
eventually.
No all of my clothes, college friends did. I was the only one I did. Really?
does.
I think I've only been to the slopes like twice in my life. Neither was very nice. Experience is very enjoyable. But it's probably
why I don't like it. Been there. Yeah, I
like crap ton of snow my first time because like I remember the first time I was like this was back in like junior high, like the old school for us and they had like the tutorial course where like for people that never skied before, especially learn, I was like, you know what, this is a waste of my time. So I went down like one of the medium slopes first
thing I did.
A bad idea.
Yeah. Pretty much. I didn't like, I realized later my friends told me that was supposed to like the pizza thing. Have you heard about it? And I just went straight down. I was getting speed and I just hit a bump and I got some air time this man and what he did.
For
I think after that did not like it that
much. Yeah.
I want,
I have not, have
not been north Carolina or anywhere near. Yeah.
Back.
You just, I'm
scared now, but I don't think I'm going to go on any time soon.
What?
Yeah, I am.
Yeah, I'm looking for home.
Uh, mostly writing code.
Computing irons. Yeah.
Very thankful for that. Very lucky. As long, like if I
was one year later, dude, like all my friends, when you're like, when you're below me, they're having a really tough time. Yeah. Because
like
because it's hard to like figure out, you know, remote working and stuff because I was like hired there before all of this stuff happens now. They have to do like recruiting and stuff like virtually. And like I think less people are looking, most companies are looking for people just. Yeah.
Congrats.
I asked me.
I have
not.
Well that's good.
that's
stuffed
like I started looking that a little bit like not too much because I'm still pretty young. I feel like I like trying to buy a house in northern California do best. Yeah. That's it. Yes.
It's like for a normal house like 3,3 bedroom, two bathroom like to living room, it's probably like two million. Yeah.
Same thing about in Iowa You can like be like live comfortably on like a $200,000 house, collect
small family. Yeah.
So.
I don't I don't know about that. I don't know. I don't know if people are affording it either. I think it's pretty hard tough on everybody. Like the people that own houses I think are pretty happy because like their housing prices are going up what they on. I feel like a lot of people like my generation and like even though we're making like decent money in college, like we still look at the housing prices were all like how are we gonna
never save enough money for this?
Where?
Pressure.
I'm pretty confident. I don't want to stay in the account forever.
You know, I haven't really thought about it to be honest. I'm definitely a city person. I enjoy like living in the city, but at the same time, like, I don't know if
that's the
best place for like have a family.
Yeah.
Like a summer maybe. All right.
Not in archive. Yeah.
That boy.
broke up for quarantine, but Yeah.
Been through been through the ups and downs.
I did not actually.
No, I don't. I wish I could get one. We're actually living my parents. I'm living with my parents right now. We're in an apartment. They're still rented. I mean, we don't have like honey. There are a lot of pets here. Unfortunately,
definitely would like the dog. So if I were to get a pet.
No.
What?
So I breathe
Here.
A person
not very much a cat person. Yeah.
forgot.
I see.
I'm kind of sad
because
I
don't have a, yeah,
I don't think I kind of like the labs and retrievers pretty like standard stuff.
Go
on.
where? Exactly,
very energetic as well here.
Not a big hiker either. TBH I'm very much a city person. A
natural person. Yeah. I think, I think the one thing that I do, like,
I don't think I'm ready for a dog yet though, like I would enjoy one, but I don't know if I'm ready for the responsibility because I realized like you and I was working before quarantine. Like uh the other thing I did a lot outside of work with dance so I was in and like
I get I'd like leave home from like 78 A. M. And I wouldn't get back home until like at the earliest like 10 o'clock sometimes after. So like I wouldn't have time to take care of him. Yeah.
But
the rough.
Yeah. Maybe he uses a test as well before marriage
fast can we handle
I'll add that to the list so far. All I have is take a trip I've heard taking a trip is always a good test to see how I they handle stress and stuff
and
fill up a foreign country especially. Oh
uh No I have but not
not like golf,
How?
long. I don't remember. I think maybe like what we can have two weeks. Yeah.
Yeah it's
picked
up
the hobby is like you know I have like I'm sitting at the computer for like
after
work anyway checking my email my as legislative these things on the side and make a couple extra bucks.
I see.
that's
good to
hear. Mhm.
Damn
Uh huh. Like a little bit goes a long way like every day if you put in a little bit of time, 15 minutes like two months before you know it like you'll forget about it and then like two months it's like all right.
Had another one where I played a game. That's pretty fun.
that was pretty fun.
Like
yeah I can see myself playing out with friends like some of my friends in my free time.
we have one of those people actually. It's pretty honey we're just making fun of him. The chat. There's like three of us that were doing everything right. And then like it didn't really matter until that one task. Whereas like the one where you couldn't the different like 10 different a different tasks and you have the tools
like yeah
and a person would just not click on like we told them to click which box to click at one time and they were just not cricket
we just
stuff like that but you know.
found that one.
Mhm.
Yeah I think we have a couple more,
what else, what else do you do in your free time?
Not a big movie person. I've not heard it for it. Yeah.
No. Right.
Is this a classic? Yeah.
Interest
rates.
Although
my list.
So
I don't think I've ever obliged to me with my parents.
Yeah, my mom was not good either, so. Well yeah,
it's like
That's
Uh Usually I mentioned I dance a lot so what college really
enjoyed it
just like nothing else feels as good as just move the music doesn't like even without other people in the room just like sometimes
just want to move. Uh huh.
Yeah, it is. So
Yeah, we're back in back when before quarantine I was spending like I was on a team and we practiced like 34 hours a day.
A lot of exercise. Now I have like I don't know. I just play video games. Uh huh. Cause
of friends lot. Yeah.
Kind of just missing the same people.
Thank
you.
Kind
of box.
Um We do. So the team that was on just choreography. Um I come from mostly like a hip hop backgrounds. But some of the people, other people on the team come from like more contempt slash ballet backgrounds. So it's kind of a future about that kind of stuff modern plus hip hop. But we like the first I think both of our sets, both of the things that we took two competitions to perform
their
on Kanye songs.
I saw that. My thought was really funny going on. That's
oh my gosh.
All right. Talking with my friends in Oklahoma and so on my ballot. I actually didn't see his party name in
Oklahoma.
I didn't, I saw you. I didn't see his party name on Oklahoma actually list his party name and his party is the birthday party
my friends had that knows. Yeah, we are.
It's like a party, republican party and birthday party. All
Yeah. I kind of had some, I feel like he has some mental issues. Mm
think
I
look,
yeah, I looked it up online and there's a quote that said like with the birthday party because when I win it's everybody's birthday. Yeah. Mm.
Mm Yeah.
yeah. Right. Yeah.
Oh
Yeah. has been wild dude.
No, I did see there's news about the vaccine. You know, if you saw him, right.
I think they said that even if they are able to like manufacturers were able to like pass all the tests. It's only, they're only going to be able to administer like half million doses I think quite on the year. I think that slash not much. So like
start along through 2021. I feel like,
that's going
to be right.
And
They're like us. 2020 could be a movie sometime.
Maybe like 10 years.
Oh yeah. It is.
Yeah. I'm actually just recommended me recently, like a memory from one year ago and I looked at it. It's like that was one year ago. Like
I missed,
I haven't seen these people in like half a year. Feels
like yet.
I think we did.
Thanks for chatting Festival
Home
Move and the new job
award
from
Yeah. Thanks. All right.
Yeah. You, too.
Can we just
start with the window so how it works?
I'm gonna finish the questionnaire for since you wouldn't tell me to do
uh Did you have like a next button is the same
or are you open this up from?
Yeah. I think we can just probably close this when there seems
like
Good evening.