hey, what's up man?
Not that I know of. Uh I think we just got to talk for like 25 minutes about whatever I guess.
Yeah I thought that there was gonna be like some kind of questions like before it thrill us in here but apparently not so. Mhm. Anyway what
how's it going?
All
Yeah. Where are you on the West Coast?
It was okay.
Okay. I'm on the East Coast so
it's
like nine p.m. yeah mm. Yeah. You at school or something?
Sweet
sweet sweet. Nice. Nice.
Yeah I mean I'm just at home. Um I graduated like an 08 so I've been I've been out of school for feels like forever actually, you know? Yeah
but I'm just working, just working now and we're actually about to move some of my house is like a wreck right now chest just trying to trying to get everything boxed up and ready to go so. Yeah.
No no I'm in Virginia. Richmond Virginia.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're about like an hour from D. C. Uh huh.
And that far you've ever been over over east Coast?
Oka
let's
Yeah it's all right. It's pretty rainy right now. It's like some kind of hurricane going on right now. Which is crazy in november hurricane. I mean it's like it's not normal at all this
time. You
you guys already got to know.
Thank
what state you're in.
All right nice nice nice. Yeah. Yeah. Do you like did you prefer like the cold weather? Yeah
Mm. Yeah it's like 70° today.
It was over the weekend. It was like almost 80° in november. Like.
Mhm. Yes it's I prefer the I prefer
the cold to uh I'm from like philadelphia area so I definitely I'm ready for the cold and it gets really humid down here in Virginia, which is makes it even worse. You know? The humidity is like really what kills it? Makes it bad, but
you know, is what it is, you
know?
Yeah.
Were you in like southern California?
North Korea. Okay. Okay. I've never been to north Korea. I've been in southern California. Like san Diego. I loved it, man.
Won't,
Yeah, it was nice. It was just vacation. I was only there for like a week. But I mean it's probably different when you're living there, you know, the vacation
obviously. But you know, Yeah. Have you ever been to uh like Oregon or Washington?
Yeah,
that was sweet. Yeah. Yeah, pacific Northwest. That sounds really cool. Never been now. But uh yes. So do you like um snowboard or anything like that?
Yeah I don't snowboard nothing like that. We don't really get any real snow over here if it does snow it never sticks. You know it's like
just you just see it falling and then it's gone. Yeah so
All
right.
And
well
best it right away.
Man yeah when you guys when you start going and you can't stop like man you go you get so much speed so fast you know and then make it look so easy but it's
not it's not easy. No. No.
Thanks.
Yeah. Yeah they have a few resorts around here that I ski a little bit but it's not often you know once every couple of years or something
you know just for something to do something different to do. You know? Because they got like most people around here I guess go to like the beach. Like we got Virginia beach, it's just like an hour away from here. But that's kind of crappy though. It's not like a legit beach. Like I don't really like Virginia beach. I'd rather go to like down to north Carolina and the outer banks and stuff. Have you heard of the outer Banks?
No?
You know Caroline is nice. It's nice. I mean the beach areas are nice, you know I don't really know much about the other areas but my family
goes down there to like outer banks like every summer for vacation. So they got nice speeches and it's pretty chill. Yeah. Yeah.
There.
I know. I know. I can't go anywhere right now. I mean coding stuff. Are
you, you're working right now?
What are you doing like from home then?
Okay. What kind of stuff you did
writing code? Cool. Well is that what you did like for? Is that what you're graduated with? Like major?
Oh man, that's good stuff. Yeah. That's when I see you got a pretty good job like right out of school. Nice.
maybe.
But
why?
Yeah. It seems like everything is just harder these days. Like we could and everything is like 10 times harder, you know? But uh yeah, I'm actually, I'm kind of looking for a new job right now, but I might have landed something new. I'm just something like the uh I mean, uh they made me an offer the other day so I just don't
feel like the, yeah, thanks. They made me an offer and I'm just going to like the background check stuff now so hopefully it all works out. But
it's like doing like its with C. B. R. E. I don't know if you've ever heard of them.
It's
like a it's like a facility maintenance place like they own a lot of real estate and all its just kind of like some it's like a data data entry kind of job stuff. It's nothing it's nothing like amazing but it's better than what I'm doing now so it's a race so you know.
I'll take it. Yeah exactly and in this day and age I'm trying to like buy a house and stuff so you know just
trying
to make it. Mhm.
California yeah that's like super expensive up there right?
damn. Yeah around here you can get like a three bedroom too bad for you know like 250 250,000. Yeah.
Damn.
Well
I guess they paid more to in California though but but still though yeah that sounds insane like you know just everybody everybody's got money to spend millions on a house I mean.
All
I know I know I know for a while I just thought I was going to rent forever but like my wife is like she's tired of just throwing away money every
every month with rent. You know I get it I get it it's just it's a big it's a big decision you know
I just don't know if I want to stay in Virginia forever but and uh
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where would you like to go? You can go anywhere,
It's
not
Right. Right. Right.
Yeah. Maybe like a like some kind of like a middle middle of the
maybe.
Yeah. I mean that's I guess people probably have families there though I mean but it's just
like being maybe you know but whatever whatever you like, I mean you got a steady girlfriend and all that. Okay. Uh
Ok. Ok. Yeah. Yeah. Like you said you're super young so it won't happen what happens you know? Don't rush it this day and age. No, no point to rush it, you know? So
No. Yeah. Yeah you have plenty of time, plenty of time for that, you know? So you you got any pets or anything?
No that's uh
Oh yeah, I got you. I got you.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what my parents never let me have a pet when I lived with that. But as soon as I moved out like I got one like right away a dog
and I've
had whatever it's against.
I got a pug. Yeah. Little pugs. Little black pugs. Yeah. She's a character
man. She's keeps me laughing every day. If I'm ever in a bad mood or something, I just go look at her and she just like cracks me up, you know, dogs are great like that. Uh
huh.
I've never been a cat person either. They're just so like cotton cold, you know like you know, I
feel like one second it will be like loving on you in the next second they'll call your face off like, you know? So but I never never had a cat but we want to get, that's another reason we kind of want to get a house and so we can get another dog, so we get a yard and all that because you can get townhouse right now and it has no yard, no yard at all. So,
you know, I'm kind of kind of the the yard for dogs, but you know, it's just get a little cramped around here too, but I'll work out, yeah,
why? Because
you
want
is every time you want.
those are good. Doesn't really
good
dogs. Super smart.
companions. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, if you get more puppy, What was that?
yeah. Oh yeah, Do you do like any kind of hiking or anything like that?
yeah. Okay.
Come on.
No.
Oh yeah, it's a lot of work. It really is. It's like having a kid I mean you know make sure they're well fed, make sure they always go outside. They need a lot of attention. I mean yeah it is it is a lot of work but you know it's rewarding if you got the time. But yeah, if you're busy like that you know and
it's
nice to have somebody else to like you know I got my wife so if I can get home to her my wife will take her out or whatever, you know it's nice to have somebody else to help out with it. Yeah.
desk.
Yeah. It is yeah. It's a little safer and you know the real deal. So I'm with you. I'm with you.
Uh Good point. Good
point.
never take you've never been overseas or anything?
you had
Oh gosh, I got you. I got you. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's a whole another whole another deal when you got somebody that you got to, you know, take care of the whole time, you know? But it's always worth, it is the right person, you know? Yeah. So
how long you been doing this prolific thing for? Mhm.
I've only been doing for like three weeks. Let's go to
it's
pretty
quickly.
That's
it.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I've been I've been doing these like kind of survey sites for a while, but I have been looking for something like this and this one seems to like pay the most out of all the other ones. It seems like
Yeah, that's what seems like other
ones
like.
yeah. So far so good. I mean it's probably the best one I've tried so far. Okay Girl at work told me about it actually. A girl that worked on me she said her boyfriend um is doing it and he uh he saved up he saved up enough to to buy a PS five.
I know it's a good idea.
Yeah. Yeah I'm not gonna cash out until I'm like you know try try try to hold out as long as I can at least you know see and see what I can get. But yeah and it's like yeah I'm on the computer all day to like you said might as well some of them are kind of interesting you know. Yeah. So.
Oh yeah. Did you was it the one where you had like the chat screen on the right side? Yeah and you had to like only certain people could see things? Yeah,
that was cool. Yeah. Yeah, I did that one. That was cool. I
like that one,
yeah. Yeah, I know, I know it worked out pretty good, like luckily most of the people that were, that I played with, they were like, you know, they actually like you some effort, you know, like they weren't just just slacking off or whatever, they were kind of playing, playing the game along. So that was good because I can see some people because you know, if if everyone didn't play along, you're kind of screwed. Yeah.
The boxes,
Right,
Yeah, that's
aggravating.
Did you ever get through the whole thing, No?
Oh man, we actually beat it like just at the very end. I was surprised. Yeah, I was surprised because I was like this isn't gonna work out like, you know, it's like eight, like six people got to all work together, You know? You know, there's a lot of people on here. They probably don't pay attention. You know, there's, there's questions that like, they just want you to read it, you know, and answer like it would be just to make sure you're paying attention. It's pretty cool. Okay. But
yeah, you know, We just gotta do what, 25 minutes or something on this thing around.
Yeah, that's not too bad.
Uh, So I guess I uh, I went to school for nutrition and food nutrition. So I kind of do, I'm kind of big into like exercise and, you know, we run a lot and I try to lift weights and stuff like that. Like watch 11 entities. Um, I'm watching Borat right now, so
You never heard of? All right.
man. You know like movies?
it's not a classic at all. No, no, no. It's like a it's like a it's like a comedy. Like
make
it it's kind of like a satire kind of like makes fun of a lot of people. Um
Set
Sasha Baron Cohen. He's um yeah, he just he makes fun of a lot of like political people and stuff like that. And uh he's pretty funny. I mean he's outrageous. Like he does the most crazy things. It's pretty raunchy though. Just F. Y. I like don't watch parents or anything like
that.
Okay. All right. All right. That they're not moving people either. Huh?
Yeah. Yeah. We watch a lot of T. V. A lot of movies. We like to cook too. You know, we
like to cook a lot. Yeah. Because we like to eat pretty healthy so we don't really eat that much. We like to make our own stuff. And my wife's a big baker and stuff so she was cooking up something so
it's pretty nice. Hmm. What about you?
Oh
more
That's
a good workout too.
How is your?
Dag.
It's
Uh
I know, I know, I know it's like getting worse too. So I'm worried it's gonna like they're gonna
lock
us down again and but you know, nothing we can do about it I guess, you
know. Well,
yeah. What kind of music do you like dance do dancers do?
I don't
know.
Oh Kanye West. Oh no, it's okay. All right. All right. You know, he tried to run for president, right? Yeah.
My
I was just gonna say my it's funny because he yeah, he tried to run, but I don't think, I think he got, like, denied or something, but my manager, she had him on her ballot and I thought she was joking around with me, I thought she was screwing around with me, and then I looked it up and I saw that it was for real, that he really was trying to run. Yeah.
You
did.
Are you serious?
my the birthday party, wow.
What? It's for real? I mean, he was for real, right?
He's got to he's got to the birthday party. Um Man, I
wonder
how
people voted friends.
Uh wow.
Well, okay, it takes all kinds of people, I guess. That means kim Kardashian would be the first lady, right? Yeah,
wow. We would be the laughing stock of the world, I think, but uh yeah,
Crazier things have happened, I guess.
Yeah, I know, I know, I feel like it's not gonna end, like it's just gonna be like December 32 or something, in December 33, like, you know, like, just 2020 is never going to end or something, it's like the twilight zone, but
yeah, yeah, I saw something about it, yeah, yeah, yeah, um but it's like, they don't know how they're going to distribute it yet, or something like that,
it ain't
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, and that might cause some chaos to like, how are they going to choose who gets it, you know, a man.
And
yeah, I was I was talking to my manager actually about it at work today, and she said, you know, there's like people who are there actually like giving people the virus to be able to test it and stuff you know?
That's how they're that's how they're like figuring it out, making sure it works like making like making people contagious and all that like that's freaking crazy. It's like a movie you know? But I guess
you're
right, you're right. It could really good. It's like we do in the real real world right now. But uh Yeah yeah hopefully 20 2021 to be here before we know it. I mean freaking thanksgivings in like two weeks.
I can't believe it. It always gets there so quick you know and that goes so fast you know the holidays that come and go so the older you get they let go so fast man like yeah so enjoying my kin.
I
know
they
I know and the time is like weird time is weird this year. You know it's like it feels fast and slow at the same time. Like some months are like some months I feel like you're a blink of an eye and then other months like days like just drag. This is it's just weird. It's just this whole this whole this whole year. But well I think I think we I think we hit our town.
I think we're cool. That's
Yeah man, you
too.
Thanks man, you
too. You take
it keep on dancing.
Happy New Year and happy merry christmas now.
Thanks
man.
I hope so. Let's see or do we go back to that other window maybe? Let's see.
Uh huh. How do you get to the question there?
And
okay okay click here you see uh I see like the little blue button at the bottom. Okay.
Well
okay. All right man, well have a good night.
You too. Take care