Oh, can you hear me now?
Can you hear me?
Let me see if I can change that.
They should they should work. I have to hold my microphone
I can
hear you. Oh yeah,
me too actually,
well, I'm on the second week
Me too, actually. Um so this is day day number, I tested positive on monday and uh I'm I'm I'm glad that you're, you're talking though, that
But it's interesting that we're both, we're both infected
texas Dallas
okay. It's it's I mean I just saw texas has always been bad people here are really conservative and I mean, I don't know if you're conservative or not, but there pretty anti any sort of control. They don't want to wear masks and stuff and uh yeah, I mean because you know, trump was saying, I mean new Jersey voted biden, so I'm gonna assume you're a democrat,
you're not, but trump people here are very, very strong trump supporters and trump was saying that it was a hoax since the beginning. So the mandates that they've had aren't really in effect. There is no there's no like control over it, right? Including our governor Abbott, he relaxes everything. So texas is number one in cases number one an infection, right? Um it's really bad. I mean I did my part and I've been, I would say I got hit pretty hard with it. I didn't get hospitalized like you, but I definitely you probably, I don't know if you have still have it too. It's just that tightness around
here,
James.
When
I have, I have one actually here too.
What was your oxygen level when when you were at the worst?
man.
No, it was your your family must have been so worried.
Yeah. I haven't seen anyone. For what since since last week monday.
Uh Yeah
yeah working on monday. So yeah I've been yeah I've been here for nine days.
But
no I didn't get a fever.
My chest my chest has been hurting so bad though.
I know uh doctor said 90% of people develop at least a mild fever. I had body for sure. And the thing though is my chest just it's just so tight.
It's just
uh no because I don't have any trouble breathing or anything.
yeah both took the antigen test that came out positive. I had both. Gm and I g my g was my band was really really strong and then uh the swab test came back. I mean I already knew I was positive because the swab test took what 34 days to come back. So I and I already had the chest pain, The coughing had already started by then. How about you?
Ah yeah, but I already finished the medication so
I'm
definitely
wow. So you had G I discomfort too?
wow.
people here really don't care, it's really crazy and now that I've caught it, I mean I took it, I took it very seriously, I'm in the sciences, but um I got it from
my girlfriend who got it from her boss who went to a wedding and
there's no one in the wedding wearing a mask, no one cares, they think it's a hoax and they don't understand that, like there's people dying and how serious it really is.
I saw new york
student.
Um I have a question. So something for me, it's just, I just feel weak, I just like even though my oxygen level is really high, I just feel really weak when I do things and if I do anything um so I was like cleaning, I just felt like you know I have that feeling of lack of action even though but I checked my oxygen levels, everything's fine, everything's perfect, I just feel weak.
You have that chair,
And so when when did you get test positive
urgently?
So
yeah, a little before me actually yeah the week went a couple days before me. No. Yeah wow
I'm getting I am thankful, I'm sure you will get better because I mean I'm getting better but I'm surprised how slow the recovery process is
and
they
put
me
on steroids too
last night. What was it again?
It might take some time
you look at us, we're both suffering from
and
you
look
fine. What's your name by the way?
What's your name?
Hey hi,
I'm
Get in.
So do you like New Jersey? I actually lived in New Jersey for one year. East Rutherford.
I mean I was I was a little baby back then, so.
Yeah. I feel my parents tell me when I mean like you don't remember to see your baby but we used to do you know what you know what the worst part is to for me? I mean obviously everything is bad but I just I had this like stinging in my nose. It doesn't go away.
Just
like no, like it's like it stings like it hurts.
It's like yeah, I mean I feel the thing too is I just I just I feel a lot of pain right here, but I mean it's going, it's going down a little bit every single day. I feel a little bit better today. Um, I have a little bit more energy today. But really this stinging and I've lost my sense of taste and smell and I'm sure you have.
Maybe
that's why my nose stinks is attacking my nose cells and it's not attacking
yours.
Oh, that's
good.
That's really so because I've lost my sense of taste. I've been eating like crunchy things because things don't have tastes. I go for texture. I finished like this in like a week
by
not
I
because
things
don't have taste. I'm just like, I want crunchy things all the time to kind of compensate for the lack of tape. Uh huh
Yeah. So thankfully my family's all doctors. So
as soon
as
I,
yeah, doctors nurses. So that as soon as, yeah, they're taking care of me. I live in the same studios them so
their
food from eating everything.
Yeah. Complete isolation. I mean I just doing stuff, but the first few days, especially this past weekend, I'm just so tired.
I didn't even do anything. I just kind of laid in bed, I gained a lot of weight because I was just eating and I just feel bloated.
yeah. Your gi discomfort. Yeah. Oh man.
But I've been drinking so much. I went through a pack of 40 water bottles I think in five days. Yeah.
I mean you get a lot of lot of fluids.
I mean it's the only way to get to get rid of it
and
it
should be
this
virus is
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm almost the whole day. The thing is that I get tired from face timing
maybe. So I'll just be like, hey, like I don't want to talk. You know like you can talk. I think my girlfriend, she talked on the phone for like two hours. I didn't say anything. I was just like, okay. But she she got coronavirus. She's the one who gave it to me and she has like no symptoms and she tested positive everything. She didn't lose her taste of smell or taste or smell. And I'm just blown away. She didn't, I mean, I had body aches uh first and she didn't have anything at all. And she's younger. She's 26, but still
Home
one.
I think the other concern with the general public is that no one knows the long term effects too.
we don't know if we know right the tax our our lung cells, we could have scar tissue because that's how we take steroids. But is it gonna affect it in other ways that we don't know long term and I
think
that's
really very friendly.
Because no one No 1 knows.
Yeah. I'm sure your family was super concerned
wow. You're the only, yeah wow.
Then you don't know how you got it
I mean no one this is such a new virus. No one
it's
horrible.
I mean
the
good thing
too is that we got it pretty much at like it's been a couple of months already, it's already later in the year. So the doctors already know how to react to it somehow. In the beginning man those people were dropping like flies up in new york city.
am I am taking aspirin taking a lot of vitamin D. To a
lot
of
vitamins
enough.
Were you were you really scared um
when
you were really sick? Yeah, I was scared that I was going to get so much work. I was just like, oh man, I'm starting I'm really starting to cough and then I got a little worried and I'm sure you because you have kids
and like Children, they all look up to you. So.
That's good that you're harboring oil.
I mean it looks like it's going to be a slow process for both of us, but
I'm happy that we're both recovering.
Good
for you. That's good.
How do your kids react to it? Do they understand?
Are they older or younger?
What? You don't look that old?
What, wow.
Good
for your age?
Good for you?
I
have everything.
That's really sweet.
I'm
I'm just hoping I recovered quickly because just I know this, this, this pain in my chest, the tightness just doesn't go away.
She
had
it
in
april
man, it really messes up our lungs and
I mean
it's just, it's just so crazy to me that people in texas don't take it seriously here.
Aaron.
Dallas north north texas.
I mean we have a huge hospital network here but we have a very very large population. Dallas fort worth is 13 million people. But I mean the bars are open, restaurants are open,
everything is open.
No,
not at all. It's
crazy. My my friends, I have, I know people who have been going out and partying, going to weddings since basically entire like there was no lockdown here.
There was like one week where it was a little bit serious in the very beginning. And then after that uh government of the Abbot was like uh he relaxed all the laws was like okay you did like your week and nothing. I mean no one takes anything seriously
here.
are all open. Yeah.
Um so the way they're doing it right now is if there's an infected kid, that kid has to be in quarantine for two weeks
just for a child.
And I think where I my friend's friend did it, is there an infected girl in her class? And just that one girl had to stay even though she and she infected okay, so this girl infected whole whole class and the parents don't take it seriously either.
So
then she couldn't go to school but she was still going to soccer practice.
She expected both her hair in tight class who infected all the parents and then affected him in fact all the other parents to and then all these kids have siblings too. So that basically entire school was already messed up at that point. So after one month it spread, I mean it's really bad here.
and texas
isn't
even
Yeah. I mean the thing too is that we know like the death percentage now is like what? 2.4%. So even these little, it's they're not aware that they're going to spread it event, it's eventually going to contact someone who is going to die from it.
And also here in texas, a lot of kids are dying from coronavirus. There's six year old that passed away a few weeks ago, like a 16 year. And they don't have any and predisposed like history
or anything.
They're
supposed to percentage change. It just has to be the unlucky kid who got it bad, you know?
Yeah, and I mean honestly the texas has the power to take a precaution. People just don't they don't want to I don't I don't I really don't know what it is.
All
we
saw.
Do you do you think that like, I don't know if you kept up with texas news that texas was just being negligent by not shutting down to
individually
texas or nothing.
I mean, I'm so proud of being Texan, but people here really, they're just They don't uh they don't mean they don't they can't believe biden one. It's pretty it's I mean it's really conservative here
in
general.
Right.
New Jersey is pretty blue in general.
Are
the north in general. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know much about Connecticut actually,
And
he
caught
it, you know? That's crazy.
Yeah. I'm I'm actually surprised how many people have died from it because I think of the U. S. As like you know number one best healthcare, we have the technology, we have the best doctors and it's like we are spreading coronavirus like wildfire and this is a new virus. We like I don't I don't know anything about it, right? Like we have top doctors studying it and we aren't taking the precautions. You look at other countries that I mean it's like the difference in texas and New Jersey, you know, you guys are wearing masks and people here aren't and just they're not doing what is needed to be enforce in such a serious situation,
it's uh it's interesting because in the beginning, um I think there were those very health conscious people who are like, no, try to keep your distance, but people just like, no, where are you falling in the media? You know? And it's like people are dying. I mean, especially now that that I have it, I can say like, no, it's it's a very serious virus. It can definitely like, I'm just worried about it long term to be honest.
I don't
know
how
my lungs
are
going to be.
I mean, even in a couple of months, two or three months and I still going to be coughing, you know?
But
it hurts hurts when
I talk.
Yeah,
wow, I feel luckier that I didn't have a fever.
and
rhythm.
I think, I think we're both I mean we're both lucky considering we're not in the I see you or anything right now.
uh I mean when are you going to get tested again to?
Yeah, I'm still on the, I mean I'm only on my second week so I have to wait some time but now I just want to go back to normal.
I was thinking like what am I going to do? I was like the first thing I want to do is go out and eat like pizza.
Well, I mean like we have all you can eat pizza place here.
See
that's the thing. All our Yeah, so everything here is open still like everything's open. So all the restaurants and buffets still open so I was like well I can go this time and he
pizza
and
stuff.
Yeah, I love I love pizza so much.
usually does have a lot
of good
pizza has good food in general.
Actually I miss, you know what I miss, I live, I used to live in a northern new york actually, but in that area just say italian food in general, you don't really have that down.
but it's a tradeoff. We have we have a lot of uh ex Mex food here, which when I lived in new york I was just like, oh man, there's there's no like uh sorry, my coffee
microphone. Yeah.
Um
it's interesting because the bars and restaurants here haven't really closed or anything.
Well I think also the north in general is a lot more educated and I'm saying that because I've lived in the north and South probably half my life in north, half of my life here in the south. And people in general in the north, uh, there's a better education system for sure. And I saw that especially with my colleagues and peers, they're just general knowledge. People were more um, education based.
And I think they're willing to take um, things more seriously in terms of this, not just to dismiss it and think of it as someone's trying to control me. This is actually a serious matter, not just for coronavirus, but things in general.
Who ate?
It's we
have an infection
rate of Yeah.
Yeah. I think the only way that he would though is if he gets pressure from other people because in so much as there was a lady who I think in the very first week she had to close down her salon and she refused to close it down. And then they put her like this was the very first week like you know when everyone was absolutely serious. So then the police went there and shut it down and then he uh forgave her but I'd like to mr thing he went in personally was like no she's not a bad person. Did let her do what she wants. He's promoting basically coronavirus. And by letting allowing these things that happen.
Well I think with the numbers spiking up, things might change,
especially
with the hospitalizations increasing because I know uh west texas has it pretty bad and they don't have the infrastructure as the bigger cities like Austin Houston san Antonio Dallas. So they're shipping they're flying out their patients through helicopters, the bigger cities. So that might the pressure from having so many patients on affecting the west might pressure the bigger cities so locked
up.
Yeah. I mean Texans are really stubborn.
No I don't.
Have you been in texas?
Mhm. I forget what time. Oh wow that was perfect terry. You are a great conversationalist
sort
of
you know
that
man. Yeah I mean the sympathy it's gonna go a long way And I'm sure 100% have faith that you will get better.
I
know it.
Yeah I can tell that you are a healthy person especially I mean you look for your age
honestly
when you told me you had a teenager I was like what?
All
have a good
day
and
I hope
you feel
better.
Bye.