Hello? Hello? I can't hear you.
How are you?
I can hear you. Can you hear me
okay? Yeah. Mhm. No, not yet. No. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. No, not yet. That's okay. Okay. Say something. No, not yet. Yes,
that's okay. I I can hear you now. Can you hear me? I can hear you run
on.
I have to tell you why I look so bad. I have COVID-19.
You do? I'm on,
Yeah, I'm on the second week two. I was hospitalized and and I'm very, very sick. Yeah.
I want to apologize because it's really hard not to cough. I have this this is no Pat who's been in isolation with since uh the first. So
where do you live?
I just saw that on the news. I live in New Jersey.
no, that's not. No.
beyond
I I talked to my pulmonologist every single day and we're gonna do a tell a call tomorrow. Um Yeah, mine's really bad. I'm on steroids and about five other things. Yeah, so it's really hard. I mean I've been separated from my family. I have three kids and a husband now since I got home from the hospital in the first. So
they're they're making me meals and doing the best I can, they do my laundry, you know, I leave everything outside the door. But I have my cat here and she's my best buddy and I'm determined to fight this. I'm not going to let it get to me when I was in the hospital is very, very scared. Um They kept saying
when they discharged me, they said you're not out of the woods and I said, okay, so I have a pulse ox I take my pulse ox a couple times.
Yeah, that's really important. That's really, really important. But
um my accidental level is always good. But I had the my chest x ray showed that glass in there
and the cat scan showed a bunch of things. Yeah.
Yeah, totally worried. And nobody can get near you. You know what I mean? Nobody, it's just total total isolation. Um
Since since like not two days ago, a week ago. Monday. Yeah.
Okay.
Now did
you, did you have a fever?
Oh the fears of war.
I can't believe you didn't get a fever.
Did they take
an X ray?
Okay. So how did you get, you got swapped like at a medical place?
So you and medical titan.
I
had every
symptom that there was known to man, every single symptom, yep, there were about nine or 10 of them and I am still having them. So
oh God sicker than a dog. To my stomach. Yes,
the sweats. I mean everything and I don't understand like why am I? I guess my body is fighting it off. May still have a fever today. This is day you know I don't know 11:12 with a fever. But just say that's you know part of it, your body is still fighting the virus. And I know I mean other people get it. They're not symptomatic. I guess it just depends. But I feel lucky because I never went to I. C. U. Um never went an event. You know all that stuff that's scary stuff that happens to people. But I don't have any friends that are sick. I mean I don't know where I got this. We mask new jersey masks, everybody is really good and all that. You know you don't go anywhere without a mask on
what?
That's
it's amazing. And now I just watched a news report on texas, I forget what part it was, it was just Right before I talked to you and it said that they're bringing in like six morgue trucks. I mean until you see that, you know, we've seen that up here in March where trucks are refrigerating the bodies,
it
really kind of hits home, you know, it's just it's a really serious thing but um we can't control it up here, I mean even with masks it's just it's getting out there.
yep, that's what's going to happen.
Yo totally I can't get up and exert myself like even walking to the bathroom without having a coughing attack if if I'm here in bed. Um It's it's a little bit better but I cannot, you know even talking, that's what brings it on. If I sit here quietly and do computer stuff, I'm more inclined not to cough but any exertion I'm totally short of breath
on
On the 31st Halloween.
And then,
But I haven't gotten any better but I haven't gotten any worse. So
slow and I'm a healthy person.
I mean I'm a runner. My lung capacity is great. I don't have no underlying medical conditions which they kept saying in the hospital. Don't worry don't worry we're getting necessarily you know it's going to be okay. But they told me depending on my cat scan they were either going to keep me in five D's on I. V. Drip of that. The new medication begins with R. Or they were going to release me. And I was going to start the steroids at home. So I started the steroids and it took that I had like a taper off. You can't just stop steroids one day, cold turkey to kind of taper off. So I had started to taper off after a couple of days and I got really sick on monday. So the pulmonologist, I have a great pulmonologist, put me back on steroids, back on the Z pak and then I have like four other things I take last night
and just gave
me an
inhaler
now. Beautiful.
He gave me an inhaler from open up the lungs. But um today's my first day with, it hasn't really helped too much.
I think it's going to take time. Yeah,
I can't believe it cause here I was going to apologize to you. I'm like, you know, I committed to this talk and I want to show up but it's going to be kind of weird because I just don't feel myself, I don't
look myself. But then you said
move
it.
What's that?
Terry?
Yeah, what's
your name? Peter Nice.
You know?
Oh yeah, that's that's a little that's Northern New Jersey. It's a little bit busier. I knew I live near the shore which is really fun. Near the beach.
Yeah, that's a that's a really congested area that's up by where the giants play? Giant Sting.
Well is it
like congested
that's weird.
Oh yes, it taste a sense of taste. I lost. No, I never did. But yeah and
it's coming back,
it
might be, I mean mine's coming back a little bit. I take you know, I've been tasting things on the past two days so I'm really
happy
with that.
What is
what
are those? Mixed
nuts? That's
so
funny.
So then do you have like a doctor overseeing you or not really?
Oh, your family's
all
black
actors?
Oh that's
great.
You have people like your instill in isolation right or no.
That's
so you gained weight. That's interesting because I couldn't eat it. Also like the first nine days.
Tell you.
Yeah.
Yeah my husband went out and got me a huge picture so I always have like water with me. Yeah
they're totally scared of me, they don't want like any part of me. So they put
stuff
outside,
I opened
the door
and I just I without like modern technology like without talking and facetime and my friends texting and stuff. I would I can't imagine I would be so lonely.
Yeah I know.
you're lucky. You're really lucky. I have friends that are nurses and doctors and you know they've gotten it too. So I have one of my best friends is a nurse and she texts me every day and I'll ask her questions that, you know, just silly questions that I might have, that I want to ask anybody else. And she had for a month. Um It looks like I'm
gonna, I'm in
it for the long haul as well because this is the second week and this is what I'm left with.
Well, right.
that's
the
first,
yep. That's the first question I asked my era doc and he said, don't listen to people. He said, just, you know, really don't listen to that negativity right now. Okay.
No one knows.
Super concerned. Yeah. And then they all got tested. So, you know, everybody's negative. I'm just the lucky chosen one.
The only one. Yeah.
So no, I don't honestly. And I mask up all the time. I don't know, problem. Maybe a surface, Maybe I touched a surface or something. I don't know.
It's such a new
thing.
And like the doctor keeps telling me, you know, we're learning about it still too. You know it's like
eight
months
out.
I know. And you know they told me, well they put me in a blood center in the hospital and then I follow up with an aspirin once a day. But they told me that people were shooting claps back then and dying a lot of them. So they have since discovered that you need like some sort of um aspirin or something just then your blood a little bit. Yes.
vitamin
D.
That's
good.
They have me on a zinc and vitamin C. Heavy dose of vitamin C. Which I took anyway because I'm a healthy person. I take vitamins on daily basis. It's really nothing new for me. But it was interesting what they really want you to take. Mm hmm.
Thanks for
finding
Here.
When the fever went, I walked the fever go. 201 I knew and I had a cough. I didn't wait. It took, I mean that was the first day I got symptomatic and that's the day I went to the emergency room I drove myself and um, I just knew I had a gut feeling that something's wrong. So I wasn't surprised they did the rapid on me. So I found out pretty quick. I just, I didn't want to go to I C. U. That was my thing. I don't want to go. You know, I didn't want to go there.
Well
I think spell.
Yeah. Me too. I feel like I'm a lucky one. I mean I just try to always look for small blessings in life. So I just don't
feel,
I, I just feel kind of feel like I'm lucky and I have a huge support system, like a mom and a dad that call every day and you know, my my my family here and I just have a huge support system. So I feel kind of lucky.
Um they're petrified, absolutely petrified. So
they're all teenagers and I had,
thanks. Um I had, one of them is in college. So
so the they
were
the things,
they, they just were petrified. My daughter especially absolutely scared to death. So of course they were exposed and they had to isolate. So they went and got tested and then they were very good about isolating. They were masked when they around each other didn't get close to each other. Um My husband got paper plates and plastic utensils and just
everything
disposable, you name it. He even got christmas plates for me to cheer me up. Um So
yeah um And of course um my son who's in college he had to get tested twice already because he was exposed unbeknownst to him so he is uh he's negative but now everybody else is out and about doing back to their normal routines and here I am just the same every day.
The same.
I have to be honest with you I have a couple friends and it's been like a couple months and they still have the chest tightness. Yeah and like I'll probably get central cardiologist just to check things out. I'm sure that's going to be the next progression for me. But um yeah it's a lingering thing. I just had a friend that had it in april and she just went for another cat scan this week just to find out what
went
on
with
her
chest.
Yeah it really does. It
just
I can't believe it I can't believe
it but I've seen it on tv I've seen it. What part of texas are you in?
that's where I think they Broadcasted from. Pretty sure.
and
and people don't social distance like they don't keep
six
mongolians.
I can't believe it.
And your
schools are open like the worst won't
and when they have a break out in the school they don't shut down the school and go to remote classes.
Just the child has to be.
That's very interesting.
Where
I'm
I can't
it's over a million cases they said on the news. I mean
it's more
than some
countries just texas alone. More than oh it's crazy.
100%.
No
no pre existing
conditions.
Oh my God, that's so sad, isn't it?
I know. See we were
in super lockdown for months in the beginning like super lockdown and then we started
to
relax it and now they're cutting back now now they are governor, our governor just closed more schools and took away athletics and um he just uh put the ropes on restaurants again and size down the capacity and um I think it's after 10:00 looks, everything has to be closed. I mean they're really good about just really shutting it down.
I don't know,
I just can't believe it would be so different and be part of this country. I really can't believe that.
I just can't,
they can't
re invited
one that's hilarious. Uh
Yeah, no I was a trump supporter so you know I just I'm kind of unusual for New Jersey fine,
all
blue,
new york and new jersey and Connecticut pretty blue.
I got to tell you though, as time went on, I got a little uh a little annoyed at trump for not taking the seriousness, you know, in this.
And
I'm
like,
yeah, and and then when I got it, I kind of got really mad before Election Day, like how could this just be happening?
And and social distancing. I mean people really do social distance, you see people walking on the street and they, you know, people just avoid each other, there's nobody going up close to anybody and it's still spreading. So now the restrictions are going to have to go even even worse just to stop it.
Meat,
that's
what
I was
worried
about.
I know,
I know, I'm very worried about it myself. So I've actually googled like lung exercises to do when I feel a little bit better. And one of my nurses friends called me last night, she's like, you know what? Even if you read a page in a book to your cat, just keep talking. She said keep trying to exercise your lungs a little bit, don't just sit there and text everybody and not talk. And she said, even if you could sing a little bit like sing a song, just get yeah, just get your lungs going. So that's what I'm in trouble
you
and
it makes you cross, right
talking, Makes you cough. Me too.
That's the worst part. I can't break the fever. I take a seat of medicine every six hours religiously, yep. And it just it
reacts to
it, it'll bring it down, but it brings it down to like 99.9 and then we'll go back up. It's not I haven't had like a 101 in a while but you know it's like significant enough tomorrow B 12 and usually when you have the flu or something it breaks by then. But they tell me don't be concerned your body's still fighting, it, don't worry about it. You know it's it's okay but you're lucky favors the work
100%. And also like a positive attitude really carries you. It's kept me going and I thank God I'm like a positive person. You know what I mean? Yeah
they're not even talking about that. They just need to get me healthy, you know what I mean? So eventually when I get healthy I'll go for the antibody tests just to confirm that I have that.
Yeah me too.
Why don't you have it delivered?
I think
there
and you can eat
as much
pizza
as you want to.
Oh my God will you freak. We have we have the best pizza in New Jersey ever.
This
work
new york New Jersey best pizza ever. From the water.
Oh you can't beat it. It's it's amazing what's the number?
It's
Yeah
a lot of our restaurants have gone out of business unfortunately because the restrictions but it's hard. It's really hard. Come on
I can't believe it. It's like so different up here. So different. Mhm. I think it
yeah. No I agree I agree I agree with you.
in general well hopefully texas will listen to the warning signs that are coming out there now with the numbers
and
and hopefully
your
governor will start to crack down and see something's gotta be done to curtail the spread.
Well maybe things will have to change. You know, something's gotta give.
I think
so.
And
now Biden is putting his task force together allegedly with the team of doctors. So maybe pressure from the government level might change things too.
It
sounds, it sounds like how
are we doing time wise? Oh, I think we're good
peter. You were too.
I
am
so
glad to meet you and I feel sorry that you have Covid. But it was nice to share my misery with somebody.
Thank you. And you know
what
I do too because I think we were healthy people to begin with, which really helps.
thank
you so much.
You're making me feel good. Thank you so much. Well it was great to
meet you.
Are
you
to
take
care
of the safe.