Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Good morning. How is a woman?
Good. Is this your first time doing this?
No, this is my third time. Yeah. Where you at right now?
Oh. Need me husband.
I'm in michigan a little different.
You always lived there.
Yeah. You don't like it?
Do
you
play
along? Um I thought I was in Connecticut beforehand. Kind of preferred it? Yeah. The ocean definitely is a plus in Connecticut. Um
But you know it is what it is. Are you gonna do you plan on moving out of there? Not
Yeah.
Whoa.
That's exciting. What do you go? What would you like to go into for?
That's what
is that?
Yeah. Is that what you do now?
Oh cool. That's awesome. Are you still in school or high school? Yeah. How's that going with covered?
Yeah. A lot of virtual stuff.
Yeah. Do you like it in person or do you would you rather have it virtually?
hear virtual. It's a lot of like self teaching and all that. It's
definitely, yeah.
Oh, fisher at that. Um And where you at in south Carolina?
Gotcha.
Yeah, I heard. What is it? The big one is Myrtle Beach. I've never been down there, so.
Cool.
What break, what brings you to prolific?
That's true. Yeah. It's a good system. It's in a different system, but Okay.
Uh Yeah, same. I like to take care of kids currently and since I have a little bit of time, I figured this would be a good way to make extra cash as well. So
yeah, it's not bad. Um, It's like things like this that are interesting because the first time I ever did this, I met, so I was in the Peace Corps beforehand. Um, and he was actually the piece of art as well. Um
And then second time I met this guy he was from somewhere in Asia and um so he was like talking about all about ASia and everything so that was pretty cool.
So it's interesting. It's on pretty much made up. You know what one up? There you go. Good.
I love you have left in the school like
how
many years? What's your urine school? Are you almost
done? Okay
good. All right.
These are
yeah. You're excited or kind of
So do you have to apply to grad school now? We're leader?
Yeah.
Do you like the process or is it?
Yeah. Well what what's kind of the process like?
Do you have like a lot of interviews smell that far is
it? Okay
good. That's awesome. Are you keep looking at all over the US 17?
What kind of brought you to Marine Biology?
Yeah. Are you a big water person?
Yeah. Are you swimming currently or?
100%. It's psychology. Have all these plans and then you realize it's kind of a slap in the face sometimes.
Gotcha. Cool. That's awesome. And then what you have to do with your marine Biology?
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
That's so cool. Did you hear about the whales in Australia and North Tasmania?
No, so there was like a pack of about 50 or 200 whales in Tasmania. So down in Australia over there. Um, and there they were the type of social types. So they kind of got stuck in a, in a port I guess. Um, and then they try getting them out, but it was such a process because you have to get them so far out that they wouldn't come back to their pack. So a lot of came back. Yeah. It was it was really interesting to see kind of like what they had to do in order to save them. So I don't know if you saw that.
That's pretty cool. Yeah,
is true. Well it's interesting to highlight they can be social animals, you know because like as humans we are social rape. But then how are animals able to recognize each other? So I don't understand
it. It's cool.
So I don't know if you have some insight on that. But
that is true. That is really true. What's your favorite animal?
Do you have some help?
Well what kind is it?
Okay. That's awesome. How old?
Oh it's still young.
is it training? That's the tricky girl.
ups
and downs.
whether you're going to see the head?
Are you a snake fam?
More
power
to you if you do because these are scary man.
Um We actually we have two hermit crabs. That's as far as it goes. We would like love cats. Love dogs but cannot would not be, I can't keep plants alive. So
they but they're too like the family I take care of. They have like one of those Beethoven dogs and they had little dioxin. So cute, so different. That's so cute.
And then like the tiny ones like tiny but mighty. It's like the chihuahua complex
where it's like you bark as loud as you can. Although you have you're so tiny type of things. So. No, but they're cool moving down the road. I'll get a doctor until then. Yeah. So then stop.
They were very just
there.
we did really, they live up to like eight years if
not six years. Yeah that's interesting but
yeah they're just kind of existing at the moment so.
Yeah. Yeah what can you do that? So they stop. Cool. Uh huh.
Uh Just kind of working I guess studying trying to find activities with this like So the kids that I take care of their five and 6 um And it's all virtual too so they're not exactly it's not the best system for them because they look at a screen in five minutes down the road there like okay we're done. Um
So you have to keep them occupied while trying to get them to learn. So it's a lot of you know you have to find a lot of resources try to just figure it out. So that's what I'll do today. Um It's like again this whole virtual learning like for some people working online is great But I feel like you know for the younger ones like
you can't expect A child whose 5 to Be able to screen for eight hours. So
but
they're trying
their best. Yeah. So you know as long as it's nice outside because we're in michigan right now it's starting to get really cold. Like
freezing. So it was nice before because we were able to take, I was able to take them outside um and like run around do all that but now that it's cold. Well. Oh wow.
Yeah but you
have to be creative I guess.
Yeah. What about yourself?
It's our Children today though. The study.
for avoid class.
Well sometimes do you like that?
What's your course course load this year or this message?
Well
bless
your heart, keeps you busy.
Yeah. Oh boy yasa even better remember the Most took was like 18 and I was like, Oh never again. We're good. Is it like has science heavy? She don't know.
hey, once you do it, you're done forever day. That's what you have to tell yourself.
Are you guys ending then early or how does
that
work?
You're still there. Still thriving, wow. Good.
Is a, do you live on campus or off campus?
Do you have for me? So
is
that?
Did you
know if you with me before coming in or?
That's true. Yeah. Yeah. I remember I went um because I was from Connecticut and I went to keep the michigan for school. I didn't really know anyone and I chose like random. Yeah. Not the best
mesh.
It's like I remember the first time ever came in. She wasn't there and then I hear this little barking. I'm like what can be barking like I mean and then I find under her bed like this little head pops out its ritual while embarking on me like
couldn't get it out. So yeah, it was an interesting start.
And then she set fire. So she's her first semester she set fire to all her papers in our in our room. But then I had to bed next to the window to the only window and then she'll she did on my bed and then threw them out the window. Then the police came. I thought it was the voice from upstairs because they were troublemakers basically they would do all types of crazy things. Yeah. So as well we were on point there
so but makes for good stories I guess later down the road. But
you know and then my second year I had a roommate, she would like to love to cut her hair in the room but they never pick up the actual hair.
So that was also interesting and then it got better than I found like my best friend after that so
worked out but work in progress as they say.
do you live
off campus or on
campus?
I'm soon.
Isn't it on the is it a smaller school or bigger
school?
That's
Yeah. Why did you can cruise at school?
I know that's a good
day.
Yeah that's a great reason you know? Okay
I major in kinesiology so yeah bones, muscles. I originally wanted to be a P. T. Um And then I kind of I took a jab semester my sophomore year. Um So for half a year I like volunteered in ASia. So it did like Tyler and Vietnam cambodia, then went up to Nepal. And
I kind of changed my focus to like global health. So that was cool through this high school of kinesiology. Um And then I went to the peace board and then I'm actually going to join the Coast Guard in january so
so different but you know
why not? So there you go. So yeah we'll see. But until then it's kind of like you know you think everything's set in stone and then yeah you go through the years and you're like I don't know what I was thinking that first year that here we are, did
you
always know you wanted to be the biologists are marine biologists?
Esther
yeah that's
good
bro I think that's what college is like. Yes there's the academics part. Absolutely. But it's also like teaching you other things like time management had to like literally keep going. Although you have no idea why you're there, you know Thank you. Think um like you know you know obviously at the end you get a degree out of there and it's going to help you can only help. There are times when you're like life. Why? Right. Yeah you got to get through it plus you're almost there right. Only
year Only in here.
Yes. You have um are there any harder classes you have to put there? Is this kind of Yeah.
Oh what is that about?
Yet
do
you have like someone helping you kind of get you through experiment or do you kind of have to come up that little about yourself?
Wow. Is this a one semester or one year thing?
It's kind of cool though because it's at your own pace I guess, but
we threw it. Yeah, well let's just be there to help I guess in a way.
Yeah, that's true. We're very true. What is she studying or what is
she
biological?
Yeah. Okay. So literally perfect. Is that just a biology thing? The senior seminar?
Okay, that's cool. Remember we had like, it was a class where we didn't have homework, we didn't have test, we didn't have anything. Um And then the last week we had this big project do, it was basically we were tasked with a question. Like I remember what was the difference between um like the whole body vibration skip? So it's like in order to help loosen the muscles, you have the scale that like literally vibrates. And it's like the vibrations are either up and down or in circles or something. And I had to like that was my research topic. It was given to two inevitably. And then the whole class relied on that like last week when you have to present, right? Like here, I don't know, 100 pages or whatever. So it's kind of like you have no stress during semester and then at the end you have seven days of like what is happening right now.
Yeah. But again, it depends on how you like to work, whether it's virtually or keep it all at the end or continuous and saying examination throughout this mustard. Yeah,
it was weird, but
I why good
peace
go?
Well.
Um, yeah, it's basically you're going into developing countries who have either they need health structure. So I was a health volunteer. Um, so my core, we had health volunteers and we also had literacy volunteers. So they work at once teaching english. They each had a classroom. Um, and then we were the ones that health volunteers were the ones who worked in the clinic, but working in the clinic met. You couldn't treat people like you can couldn't apply for a state, you can do all those things, you just kind of had to help improve the operations of the clinic. So where I was at, you know, Peace Corps is very different wherever you go. Like in china, it's mostly you go into universities and you teach, you actually teach college students. Um, I was in the Southwest pacific Nation. So it was the idea in life, you try and was so different. So I kind of helped open up the clinic. Um, my God, I'm not the best time, but it also It's a different lifestyle. Um, 3rd model was live in time, not on time. So I was challenging because you know when you try to set up meetings to organize stuff, if you say nine a.m. They could either show up at nine a.m. Or show up at five p.m. So you know your whole day was kind of like yeah gone. Um So progress was pretty slow. Plus it's like you know today if I ask you to change something about yourself, would you do it right now or would it take time? Right? Um So
like behavior like changing behavior is the hardest thing a person can actually do. Um And I think you just have to be persistent about it, but sometimes you just want to like shake up people would be like hey like you know this is wrong, why aren't you trying to change? But also I think you'll meet like I met some of the most amazing people. So it's kind of like, it was a frustrating experience, but also a life changing experience.
Yeah. So yeah, it was what it was. I think. So I left a little early, but I know it's covid now all the post like every country, he doesn't have any volunteers anymore. So I don't even know if it's going to go back up.
We'll see. Yeah.
Yeah. It is. I think there's a lot of people to like so much good has been done. Also
like there was some downsides to that. But because it's
you take that risk. So it's for two years. Um, like your services two years
and you take that risk of once you leave, you know, you were just kind of at the window and people just kind of forget like they just do the work because you're there and then once you're gone, that's something you'll never know. So right. But I mean it's an interesting organization again, every country is so different, so vastly different. You know what you're going to find on an island nation, you're not going to find in land block country that's up in the north. Like we had right, 99% humidity, like 110° vs like people in, I don't know, Mongolia who are freezing their butts off and you know, But yeah,
exactly. Um, but that's the beauty of it. Like for me, peace corps, was that like living a bamboo house? So you're basically living in the great outdoors, no electricity, no running water. So that was cool. Um, definitely appreciate it more when you come back. But yeah. So
Excuse Me one or do you like to travel or?
Yeah. What's your favorite place where you've been?
Absolutely.
But but it's still something, you know there's a differently fashion.
I don't think if you have to go one place where would that be? Yeah.
That's cool.
That's
In the middle of the winter or in the summer?
Could be cool right?
Could be the real life experience, you know? It's like that's awesome. Why?
That's been there.
you a big help to receive person as well?
That's awesome. Are there good spots in south Carolina?
I want that. Yeah. That's amazing. My my parents wanted to do the whole appellation trim from Georgia and maine. It is like 68 months of hiking so who knows if that will happen. But yeah it's beautiful.
Again it's different lifestyle. They want to do it by all means I'll be happy in my house so.
That's awesome.
So say you've been on it so there, you know? Alright. That's awesome. Okay. Good. Well, I think it's been 25 minutes.
Well, it was great talking to you
and
good
luck with the semester.
You're almost there, so it
gets
dark.
Thank you so much.