testing, you know, traveling, we're gonna get passed on racial differences. It's going to come from our kids. It really does seem like America needs that more than ever. Especially right now. You know, America's more divided than in some ways it's ever been in the modern era. It feels like there is no end to that. Despite the election ending, Why did you choose to release the book now? What are you hoping to achieve? I saw exactly what everybody else is. I'm one being murdered right in right before our very eyes And it made me think about the kids that I've been speaking to for the last 25 years trying to convince them that we need to come together, that racism doesn't have a place and yet this was happening. And I felt like, and since I let them down, maybe I led them down the wrong path because look what's happening. And I felt like I needed to be able to talk with them because they're probably sitting there thinking this isn't what ruby has been saying to us. And so I have some very good people, you know that are very close to me and I spoke to them about it and they said, why don't you write a letter to them? And that's actually what this book is. It is my letter to young people, the young people that I saw, you know, take to the streets, don't let them know that what I saw. Um, what I witnessed was the exact same behavior that I saw when I was six back in 1960 during the civil rights movement. But you know, we went through that we had to go through that and it brought us to where we are today and that now it was their turn, but they need not be afraid that it is growing pains. And I do believe that if they come together Because that past the past 60 years and brought us together, you know, we're able to be in school together, we play sports together. We enjoy the same music. It brought us together, not as close as we need to be, but it's on them now to pick up the torch, to carry it, that to continue to do what they do, to move this country forward. So that's what this book is about. When you look at the state of schooling today in America, you know, the legacy of segregation lives on, although it's not officially mandated by the state. What do you think needs to be done to try and create a system in America where schooling is equal and kids are able to interact with each other in these environments where they should meet with each other before they become full blown adults and then meet their first person of color or white person for the first time. The very school that I integrated school that we're talking about, you know, it was hit by Hurricane Katrina and then Restored. It's a $30 million dollar school in an inner city neighborhood. I fought very, very hard to restore that school. I wanted it to be an integrated school. Uh, it is segregated, It is all black. It totally goes against my work. And what I believe in, I was told that, you know, policies that we can't choose kids by race and put them into school. In other words, we can't integrate a school. And I looked at them and I said, are you talking to me, you're telling me that you can't integrate a school? Yes, you can't, I did it and we can do it again. But we, we have to want that. We have to understand how important that is for us to move this country forward. And so we have to if they don't know how to do it then go back to 1960 pick up to the rule book you know look at it and figure it out. But we need to do it again ruby bridges. Thank you so much for joining us on the show and thank you for an amazing book that that is truly powerful in in so many different ways. Thank you. I'll make sure I'll send you a copy. Thank you very much. Don't forget rubies inspiring book. This is your time is available now. All right stick around because up next I'll be talking to the star of blackish Anthony Anderson. You don't want to miss it. Yeah mm If only there was a place nearby you can get one of these for these. Good thing. They're sold literally everywhere business is done. I'm pretty sure you can buy them at a bank. Not sorry races. Metro has the best deal in wireless so whatever your goal however you hustle metro has you covered so you can rule your day. Get unlimited data with 5G. Access included for just $35 a line all in America's largest five G. Network at no extra charge. And right now get the latest five G phones for less than 100 bucks when you switch. That's the best deal in wireless Metro empowering you to rule your day. Geico makes the claims process so easy. I can manage my claim on the Geico app. It's not just easy. It's giving your dog your fitness tracker. Easy. Already got my 40,000 steps today. Geico fast and convenient claim surface five G. Just got real iphone 12 max and I've been 12 many are here on Verizon. Five G. The iphone is maybe, but the five G is you with the coverage of five nationwide and and more and more cities. The performance of five G. Ultra wideband, fastest five G in the world. Whoa. Mobile gaming just got infinitely better. Preorder iphone 12 pro max today and get another on us. This ends up, this is the five G phone everyone wants on the five G. America has been waiting for only on Verizon. Mhm. Welcome back to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Well wow, thank you. Oh grateful. It's
um, it's
been okay.
Sorry,
what was your name?
Cool. I'm morgan. Mhm. Meet you. Is this your first time doing this?
Yeah, it's something like that for me to
have lost track
yeah, especially since like I got stood up a few times I stood up. Some other people, if you guys not on purpose, not on purpose.
Well
that's, that's gold. And
you just
met
me,
I
could get a whole person. Yeah. Think
So how's your week been? Thanks.
Just
fitting everything
you know, you
sound
like you're still in school with all the tests and as you got out of school and into, you know, the rest of the non school world, you may see that one of the paradoxes is the less you have to do, the less time you seem to have and that doesn't make sense. But it's like when you have a lot to do, it just makes you hustle and make the most of your time and really bust your ass. But when you go no I don't have enough time now. So I have to like you know cut my responsibilities and make more time. Then somehow you feel like you have less time because you start taking it for granted and it doesn't mix. Yeah.
and you
sometimes
but like I feel like if you were just having fun
with
all that
time
then you would just be like woo hoo, I'm happy I what I wanted. But it's more like you start to feel like you don't have time. Like if somebody says oh can you do such and such thing, It's
like oh
no I don't have the time. It's like wait what what do we even have to do? I clarify schedule and it's like, you know how, I don't know if you're like this, but if you're not, you probably know someone who is, um, if you tend to be like a little bit cluttered or if you know somebody who's a little bit cluttered and they clear a space, like they go, okay, I'm going to clear my desk, I'm going to organize everything. two weeks later they found other crap to put on their desk papers, staplers,
pens,
peripherals,
post it notes, note pads, journals, just whatever.
Because
that
would
just be
garbage.
Then you could just
come along
trash bag and be
like,
But if it's, if it's not garbage and it's like, well I kind of need this and I'm in the middle of that and this is for this project that's due tomorrow and well, I can't really move this all right now. And it's like, yeah, you're just started again. Mm hmm,
So like
I don't even have that much going on, but I always feel like oh no, I don't have the time. It's like I'm bullshitting myself. I have time. If I had more to do, if I was picking up more, I would still feel like oh, I don't have time. But I'll be getting more done with the time. I don't have. That's the trick because you always feel like you don't have time, but when you put more on your plate, get more done with the same. I don't have time. Right?
Right. It's
kind of like
I've
learned that there's a happiness
treadmill like that too. Like um I saw something with a woman who was a refugee, unfortunately don't remember from what country, but she was a refugee from an african country who moved to the U. K. And when she saw people getting worked up over the politics in the UK, she was like how can you even care about this stuff? Like, you know back in my country you had you know gangs roaming around with guns and you know our our political drama was serious. This is this is all this, this is all unimportant trivial stuff that people are getting worked up over in a few years. She was just as worked up over the U. K. Politics and she's like, no, this is important because yeah, let's do it
all
Because it's like you
also
your
perception
of what's
a big deal. It shifts depending on like what you've been doing lately, what you've been seeing lately. I think it's like that Okay. Mm.
It's I I feel like sometimes like there were
exceptions where people um where they feel something because something really huge happened on in their lives. Like if there's a really big good thing, like, you know, a marriage or a really big bad thing, like a death people respond to that, but if it's just kind of normal life, they just kind of pick how they're going to feel and they feel that way no matter how their normal life is. Like if you feel like you're out of time, you always feel like you're out of time, even if you have more time, if you feel like you're, you know, irritable and unhappy, you feel that way, even when almost nothing is going wrong. Mhm. Right. All right. I mean, if you disagree, that's completely fair.
I'm just, you know
So
what are you majoring?
That's actually cool. Um My girlfriend,
she does
recruiting, so
that's that's like in the same field, right? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah,
I
said Hr was similar
to
her
once
and she's like no HR is completely different, but I'm
like, I don't get it. This is like, you know, and when she wears a pair of black boots and she's like, oh, do you think these go better with my outfit instead? And I'm like, I didn't even realize those were different boots. I thought those were just the same boots. Mhm. Yeah.
Right. Right.
But
like
I don't have any kind of professional background in psychology or anything, but I like to read like, you know, pop psych books, that type of thing. Just like as a hobby and pop psych just like, you know, popular psychology,
just just like, like, like stuff that's written for just regular people. That's not in like academic
circles. Okay. And it's interesting because
the kinds of studies that are on prolific, like it's kind of like being part of the action because you you read about this stuff, it's like in this study, the participants did this and in this study the participants did that and it's like that was pretty obvious. Uh I mean I have seen myself in any yet because you know, it takes time for it to get out
there, but I'm looking forward to it. I'm looking forward to be like, oh, I know that one. Mm
So how'd you get into prolific? Oh.
that,
that is really cool.
I
actually
think I also found it to read it. I was just like looking into general like make money online stuff and prolific. Like one of the most decent because like there's a lot of like marketing research stuff, but a lot of them are just shady and poorly run. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Wait,
my
favorite was a page that said, which of these radio stations do you listen to? And it was like a page of hundreds of radio stations. And it was like every right the U. S. And it's like these are all like they're
all local broadcasts. So it's, you know, you could just like get my zip code and then see which radio stations are like, you know geographically
close enough that I could listen to them. Like I'm not going to listen to the radio stations that are broadcasting 3000 miles away that I can't get a reception. Just all going painting. I'm just scrolling and scrolling screen like close the tab now. Yeah. No no no no no that was I was like on
swag bucks or one of those shady sites. I don't do anymore.
They actually
changed
that.
That
was
like a big thing where it wasn't allowed for a while. And um there were a bunch of researchers who did anyway. It was like almost every other study was doing it anyway. And then they eventually worked it out and they said you can only ask for the five digit zip code, you can't ask for like the other four after because that's you know too close to your actual location. But I don't know because like
instead
of zip code, some of them would ask stuff like what city or town are you closest to? And that seemed a little unfair to me because like if you live in a major city with millions of people in it that doesn't identify you, tons of people live in that city. If you live in like a tiny little town with 20 people, like someone could just go door to door and see which one was you. Yeah, mm mm. Sorry, You're freezing a little bit. I hope it's not lagging for you on your end. Okay.
Good. Good. Yeah,
I don't
know
even
know
if it's my connection yours or just something in between. It's sometimes you just like that. Yeah. So yeah.
Has your school been handling the whole covid thing?
So they don't
even
do
like
lecture
or anything
Or like a recorded 1?
that's
weird. I would
think
that
they
would
at least
like make
a recording or something. That's, that's weird. I mean, I feel like even my gym like the exercise teachers made recordings of their classes. Mm and if they can do that for
like
exercise at the gym, they can
do that for college. Mm hmm. Yeah,
I am.
Like,
I mean that's
that's an exception when there's an illness or something like that. But I just mean in general, like how it's run like the other classes, they don't have that either or anything. Like no lectures. Yeah. Yeah.
that's
that
makes sense.
And
the
hybrid model is interesting because you still get, you know, some time that's actually like there and you know, you get the kind of attention usually would. But then I feel like the online stuff, it does have some advantages because it's it's easier to schedule. Like if you want to sleep in a little you can it doesn't have to be like seven a.m. You're there. Mhm. Yeah.
seven
a.m. is a deal breaker for a lot of students. Right.
Well, actually didn't go
to college,
but
for
different
reasons,
including, you know, work and other stuff. Sometimes I would have to get up pretty early, but like to be a place at seven, you got to get up at like six or something. Yeah. So that's like that's like really getting up with the birds.
Mm They say, you know, the early bird gets the worm. But so this is the early fish
worms on a hook.
Right, Right. Because it's like the first
bird
to
the worm
gets to
eat the
worm,
but the first
fish to the worm gets the hook, you don't want to be first. Oh yeah, yeah. You know,
got to
get your
fish somehow. Yeah. Yeah,
it's just, you know, like sometimes you want to
be
early,
sometimes
you want to be second. Mhm uh No, that's that's just an excuse for not
getting
up. Really? Because I like bed. Mm hmm. Yeah,
I mean I've had to do it for various reasons
at times. And if you get used to it, it's actually pretty okay. Like once you get in the rhythm, but when you're not used to it, it's the worst. Yeah.
But yeah. So how have you been finding? Because like, like I've been saying, you know, some people find it really convenient and they like that they can schedule around it, but some people just find it harder to focus.
I
don't
know.
yeah.
Like
having
any kind
of
space
like
that.
It
really does help you focus. Like,
I mean I used to take my computer to the coffee shop sometimes and you work and that's not really practical now either. Like I can just do it here. But you know, I think it's just when you're in your own space, you just have so many other patterns and distractions pulling you in. There's else going on. Mm. Mm hmm.
man, that
it's
interesting
because
pretty
much everyone
I know in your generation just has this youtube addiction. They're just like Youtube youtube wormhole all the time. And it's funny
because I don't even get that into it. Like people link me all these YouTube videos and I'm like, that's 20 minutes long. I do not watch that. You know, I'm not going to spend 20 minutes a day on YouTube. That's insane.
Um it's not
even able to like,
it's
like,
it's
not resisting
it if you weren't interested in the first place. You know, like It's, it's funny because um, so like I'm 35. I'm gonna be 36 soon. Yeah. Yeah.
No,
no, no.
Well,
thank
you.
Well,
moisturized.
um you know,
I'm
actually
lazy about
that
and
I'm also like kind of a health nut. So I use like mineral sunscreens when I use them which are greasy, which makes me not use them. So what I started doing was just wearing
hat a lot when I go outside because that just like is a barrier method for the sun. Yeah, it's like that, it
makes you look like a
cowboy,
which is a good thing or a
bad
thing to your
Right.
You can use any hat just as a brim
United.
Baseball cap, anything.
Mhm. But yeah. Um where was I going with that?
yeah. So I mean I was growing up in the 90s when things were pretty different technology wise. I mean my generation was the one that was first called digital natives because we were the first ones growing up with technology but we didn't have like, you know, iphones in our hands as toddlers and I mean you guys didn't either, that's like the ones coming up that really just like you know where they could read and yeah, it just kind of weird watching it because it just kind of gets progressively more insane with each generation. Yeah. Yeah, I mean like I said, you know the kids
that are coming
up after your
generation,
like they're really just like, you know, playing flash games before they can read and that's a little weird, like we could at least read before we did that. Mhm. But like I remember in 1995 when my mom got our first computer which was a dell desktop, it had no USB ports, it had a three inch floppy drive, nothing and um have a cd drive but no C D R Um
Let's see I forget how fast the processor was. It had um 800 megabytes of RAM of you know that I think it was the entire hard drive that was 800 megabytes. That's right or something like that was it was incl It was so tiny it was so tiny and like this was
like the newest
shiniest
thing was running Windows
95. That was like the newest shiniest thing. And I remember the reason she said she wanted this tower was like she wanted to be able to upgrade it and so on as as time went on and that she tried it didn't go that well long story there but we didn't take it apart a couple of times and I got to actually you know see the parts like I have my mom showing me like you know that's the hard drive that's you know, the graphics card, that's the motherboard and it's big Like you can just like, you know, see and touch it and plug the pieces
in and
unplug them and take them out and unscrew things. And that perspective is like I can still see that like when I take a part of phone, which I do that sometimes if you take a part of phone you can see it's it's the same as that computer in 1995. It's like there's the motherboard, there's, you know, the graphics card, there's this the soundboard, there's you know, there's
a screen, there's this, there's that like it's all just the same components are just small. So like I feel like this, this generational cohort of mine, we grew up with technology that we took apart and was more user serviceable. I mean it's even more with a generation older than us if they were into computers, which was rarer but like In the 70s and 80s, if you've got a computer, it was with the expectation that you were going to code your own programs for it because there weren't that many programs in existence. So like going from there
to here
where it's like, you know, if you just like a hobby where you're just going to have to like code your own word processor versus, you know, having one in your hand before you can read. Mhm. You're like just like word or google
docs,
just
like, you know, code your own. Mhm.
Just
making
your own on some like ancient one. There's, I never got around to doing it. But there's this thing that you can buy now is like kind of a hobby project. It's a replica of a 1970s computer. And they say that if you build it from this kit, because it's just like a kid and you have to build it, they said if you build it and you learn to work with this computer, you will understand on a deeper level how software is hardware because it's so old. It blurs the line between software and hardware. Yeah. And that, like, I would love to do that. I feel like I'm not up to that yet, but I would love to do it. Mhm. Right. Right.
But yeah, like it
changes your perspective because there's a lot of things that I think are taken for granted and mobile tech now, like you don't have the admin password unless you root or jailbreak it, which is basically hacking your phone. You can't just you can't look at the entire file system, like I did root my phone so I can look at the parts of the file system that you can't see unless you root it. And I mean when you wrote it you take a look at the file system, you're like oh I see, this is just Lennox, I mean it is like Lennox and android are very similar
so
it's it's like almost the same or less. I haven't actually done that with an Iowa's device yet but like the Mac Os like the desktop Os it's also very similar to Lennox I think. Oh yeah yeah,
no I I get
you,
I get
you.
But
I mean
have
you ever like you know done anything was like a Linux computer or anything? Okay. Right. Right. Uh
so
so
it's been changed
from
the Chrome
Os
because
because
I mean I think
the problem
last likely
is
also
a close relative in clinics. I haven't taken a close look at it, but like because Lennox is free and it's like a functional operating system, it does make sense that, you know, if you want to make your own, that's where you start. Right. So I'm not sure. But that is pretty cool though. And yeah, they're all very similar, but mhm. Like when you have that relationship with it, it's kind of like, okay, I think people should control their devices instead of their devices controlling them. Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Though it I do end up feeling, I don't know left behind in some ways, it's not really left behind because it's like, I'm not trying to catch up to that. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good way of putting it.
Like I
I get a lot of surveys and stuff where they ask about like smart speakers and you know, the voice assistants and I'm like, I don't use those, I don't need that stuff. Okay.
I mean
that's
that's
how they work.
Like
they have to listen
to
work
and I just don't really get what the benefit is. It's worth that to most people because I know that it is really good for the blind because like it's it's an audio only interface that's perfect for bunting people.
But if you don't have any vision problems, like what is the use case where it's like that valuable to you, You know, just to be able to say, you know, Alexa play my favorite music. I mean you could just you could literally make a button and stick it on your wall and have the button
connected to your playlist and just go bam and there's your music, right? I mean it's it's as
simple
as
you
want to make it, I guess. But yeah, like, so there are some things I'm really looking forward to in technology though. I really want to see like V. R. And A. R. And holograms get better because like, I feel like, especially with Covid that's going to be more advanced soon, because can you imagine if like, you could just like put on your VR goggles and you're in electrical and all the other students and the teacher are there and your help? Okay. It's
expensive
now,
But like in 10 years for
like the
students
10 years from now,
Well,
I don't
know
if we'll
still
have stay
at home
restrictions
in 10 years, but
it could for other reasons. Because like, I mean, we could have stayed at home restrict, I don't know where this is going, but uh
whether there are or not like you know just
being able to go remotely like you know to be able to attend the school that's far away without having to travel. I mean it depends on what your major is because the things you have to be hands on, but like I just feel like that would be cool, you know, or like people flying all over the globe for business meetings, they could just put on their goggles and then they're all in the same office, like it doesn't exist yet but it could that's something I'm looking forward to. Mhm. Yeah.
I think they would
basically
like the other people would be seeing a hologram of them, so either you would have a canned hologram which is where you would either like go to some facility or cask or boost somewhere and you would get scanned wearing whatever you want to be wearing for your hologram. So like if you want to be there in your business suit you put on your business, you get your hologram made and then you can be in your pajamas when you're actually at the meeting but they see your business suit or you would have something that scans you more directly. Like you could have some kind of like sensors around the room that are just like focused on you and then it would be a real representation of you and that would be more realistic because that would like you could have some motion capture and so on. But if it was like really actually capturing in real time that would be like there would be no guesswork. No we're just for you but we would probably have the canned holograms first. And like that could be like there could be like a booth in the mall where you just like go and get scanned and the email, the file to you, and then you just put that file in whatever thing, and then that's it. Mm Right, well you can you can get your money
back
up,
it's
corrupted
but
hopefully hopefully. But then you could have like several different holograms, like, you
know, you could, you know, put on different outfits or do your hair different ways or whatever and get scanned again. And then you could like, before you get started, pick with hologram you want, But then you could also use someone else's hologram. Yeah. Yeah, I
don't
know because then you would have like,
sales of
holograms,
so then
it's like,
you know, kim Kardashian could sell a hologram of herself and it's like, and then you can be kim Kardashian and VR Right?
it's
kind of
like
that
I
would
have to copy their voice too, but I think as long as anyone can tell with a hologram, people would know that those are like, you can just pick anyone's hologram, like, people would definitely also modify their holograms, like, you know, furries would just have, like, you know, animal headed holograms, like, they would just be whatever they want to be,
which is kind of funny to think of it, like, you know, you you you make one that's a representation of yourself and then someone else is just like, an orange and green dragon and they're just like, sup Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh
yeah, that's
like one of the things I'm looking
forward to, we might be a little far away from that. Um Do you have your eye on any, like, tech developments that are new and exciting? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like a lot of
what they're actually
working
now
is the opposite of not exciting. Like you have to look for it. It's like most of the development now is an ai and most of that is either like useful but not interesting. It's like, you know, this helps lawyers look through their textbooks or you know, law books and find the phrase they need faster. It's like okay, it's it's it's a search command. That's that's good. I support that, but that's really
boring. Um Or it's like this dystopian a I will scan you at birth and track you for your whole life and it's like great great id.
No.
No.
That would actually
Like
because memories
are flawed and there's a lot of times when you're like you're having a really good time or you're with your loved ones and you don't know when it's like this memory might be the most important thing to you later on. Like to actually be able to relive that that would be pretty precious. Like especially like you know say it's like your wedding day or something and then you know, 40, 50 years later your spouse passes away to be able to just relive your wedding day with them. Like that would be amazing. It's you know, almost like human memory is very fallible,
we we lose things we don't want to lose. So I support that. That would be new and exciting. Oh yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead there.
I don't agree with that,
I
agree
with that.
Like
there
was
actually an accident recently were self driving,
car struck and killed a woman and it was because she was walking a bicycle across the street and the cars ai it understood cyclists on bicycles and it understood pedestrians, but it didn't know that a person could walk with a bicycle, so it couldn't identify like what it
was seeing
and it hit her, it's terrible.
It
it couldn't
figure
out like
what
it was looking
at and
then how
to anticipate
the motion, like, because it's it's guessing it's predicting how you're going to move next based on what it thinks
you are. So I think it was like it either thought that it was like a bike and going to move faster because he thought that she was on the bike or it was like just unidentified object, which is dumb because like even if something you don't understand blows into the road, you still shouldn't hit it. Like even if it's not a person, even if it's just like a random object rolls off a hill, you still shouldn't hit it. So I got no she's dead, she's
dead, it
killed her. And it's yeah,
it's tragic. It's tragic and the driver of the car because like they had a driver who was testing the car who's supposed to like be at the wheel and ready to take over and I think he'd fallen asleep or something like he was just he was not paying attention like last I heard he was being charged with like murder or manslaughter or something because of that. And yeah, it's it's terrible. I I don't think they're ready, I don't think they're ready.
And
that
that
was
the legal
requirement.
But the thing is if the if the self driving car
operates so well and you're just used to it like so you've been on like hours and hours and hours of drives of the self driving car has been perfect. Like
you start thinking like it's got this it doesn't really need me. But then you know what if it doesn't right right?
You know
or
it
could even
be your own life.
You don't know
because you know if you're in a car and it's in an accident there's no guarantee you'll be okay either. So yeah it's it's I think they're dangerous because I think a I makes a lot of stupid mistakes. This is uh there's another one this was just a virtual test. So it's like testing the ai and like a virtual environment so it wasn't in real life. But they there's a different case but they they hired this woman to basically test their ai in the virtual environment. And what she did was she made an example where a
wheelchair user is crossing the street but they're pushing the wheelchair backwards with their legs because she had a friend who did that. Her friends like had weak arms and wasn't able to move the wheelchair with their arms but was able to like push it and move backwards with their legs. And the ai only understood wheelchairs is moving forward never backward.
So the Ai and the simulation hit the wheelchair user. Right. Right. Which you know,
she was
hired
to
find problems like that so that it would only happen in simulations and not in real life so they could fix it. But like that was just one problem like that that they found the the incident with the cyclist just shows another that they didn't find in time. So like I said, I don't think they're ready. It just makes too many little mistakes like that.
Another bleeding edge texting. Yeah. This I don't even know how to feel about, I feel like it could be very good or very bad. They're working on some technology that can basically read your brain waves. Like it's, you know, you wear it like a headband and it can read some of just the waves that escaped through your skull. And I've seen some of those where if they put it on someone who's speaking it can pretty good accuracy. Pick the word they're going to say next based on their brain waves. I wish. Yeah, it's basically
cute telepathy and they've also they've put them on sleeping people and they've reconstructed images from their dreams and this does have some very good potential like um in cases with people who have locked in syndrome who basically their brains are still functional but they can't move any part of their bodies and they can't communicate on like some of those patients actually have brain implants to help them like interface with the computer because they just have no other way of communicating. Which is understandable for those for those people because they have such a strong need, they have more of a need to control a computer with their brains than we do because we can just use our hands. But like that would be kind of amazing for patients like that. Where you could just put a device on them and they just have to think the words and then those can be communicated. It was developed it would be convenient for regular users. Like you would just order a device on your head and then you could just think play the next Youtube video mm
or you in your life
because it wouldn't just be
limited to people with disabilities. It would be for everyone. Right? So that's like that's getting a little wild when you could just control things with your mind because like Yeah, people joke about the people in my generation who we had to you know, the old sms texting where we had the phone, dial pad, no keyboard. And you had to press the number of a certain number of times to get each letter. And you just have that like in muscle memory, people joke about like that type of thing. Like ha ha ha you learned how to type
on a little digital touch pad. It's like yeah, yeah, you just watch the next generation. They're not even to use keyboards, they're just going to do with their brains, they're gonna be laughing. And you're like, oh yeah, and you know how to type on a keyboard? No one does
that anymore. Mhm
that
would
definitely
need
like,
you know, some kind of system confirmed, confirmed. Like, you know, no, don't say that. Don't say that. Don't send, don't tweet that, That
would just be funny. It's like, no, I I accidentally
dream tweeted, I
left my device on in my sleep and I tweeted in my sleep. Uh huh mm
That I feel like the future is either going to be this level of trippy and insane or it's just gonna be really boring because like in the fifties I thought we were gonna flying cars and jet packs and it's like we maybe get some self driving cars, but they're too dangerous. Like we wanted flying cars and jet packs. Yeah.
Yeah,
I mean like they sort of have jetpacks.
The
problem is like making jetpacks that don't like endanger the user with the safe. That's the that's the gold standard because it's like yeah there's jetpacks if you are an extreme sports enthusiasts and you also enjoy hang gliding if mm Well
I
mean
the standard physics
a pilot, it's also like anything that could
generate the force to get you off the ground. That is also going to burn your legs off sitting on your back there. But then even if you do that it's like okay you're moving through the air, you're very high up, you're moving very fast. Is the safe? No.
Yeah. I mean
just
like something
that would neutralize
the
impact
so that like instead of like hitting the ground it would be like some kind of like buffer that stopped you. So it's like hitting a big trampoline. Yeah.
All right.
It would have
to be like some
kind
of
like
energy
field
or something,
the
jetpack
emanates. So it's like if you start to hit the ground, it's like no imaginary trampoline. Yeah. Mm That would be pretty cool.
So yes. Good.
No, no, you go first because I was just going to point out that
like
we
probably have done our time if you wanted to like, because I know you said you were busy and you have all those tests and stuff. But go ahead. Say what you're gonna say. Aaron. Mhm
No,
like
with
Youtube
I watch
like maybe
one or two videos a week.
If it's something that interests me, I don't just go there for entertainment. I go there. Yeah, a week. Like, you know, just like if there's a specific video, I want to see your, someone links me something
or just if I want to play a song or something, it's like, I'm not just like on spirals where I'm just like watching video after video or just like going there for entertainment, but like not for any specific purpose. Um, I have a twitter. I basically never tweeted, I don't use it, I don't scroll it and I don't care. Um Snapchat. I tried to use it like a year
or two ago and it just had too many problems where like, because you're only supposed to be able to view some of this stuff once and I was sending it to people and they would have like a technical error and not be able to see it and they would sense it to me and I would not be able to see and I'm like, this is just stupid. So I stopped using that. Um, Tiktok, I never got into um, facebook, I never got into, I reluctantly made like one like just basic facebook page just for like family members who don't know how any other way to contact me if they need to, if it's like, okay, if you don't know my email and you don't know my phone number, you can contact me this way.
But nobody
else talk to me on this thing. Mm I don't check it. I don't fight with people in the comments. You know, one of the big things with that. I just realized this yesterday As a matter of fact,
they used to say social networks now they say social media. Mhm And if you think about what changed networks is where your networking with other people,
media is just where you're receiving entertainment, right? Oh yeah. I don't do instagram either. I
want to get into
instagram and I just, it's just so boring. It's just like you put stuff on there that you don't care about for people who don't care about it for robots who just follow you because they're part of some Russian hackers, you know, get you 200 followers for 20 bucks program. I'm like, this is stupid, isn't it? Mhm.
It's
the stupidest thing. I'm like,
why
does anyone
uses
everyone?
Just like look at me, look at me and I'm like, nobody cares about anyone. Your Mhm. And the whole thing of like trying to make your fake life look interesting like, you know,
I
need to like make some friends and then hang out with them and then take a picture of them with me and that on facebook and instagram so that people know that I have friends in my life and I'm like, oh my God, stop. Yeah.
I did use
tumbled for
a few years.
I liked for a while. Then it got to be crap. Okay.
Um,
the culture
of
it
changed.
It just became more toxic, more fighting with each other. A lot more nonsense, you know, in a lot less connecting with people and sharing hobby experiences. So, okay. I do the work
and I'm sorry. What
do you say?
Now
we all
got neighbors.
Don't worry. Um,
but yeah, like I like social media. I liked live journal back in like the 2000s. I don't know if you've heard of that one. I've journal.
It's, It's a social
media or
it's not
social media, social networking
from
1999. It, it predates facebook. It's like one of the oldest social media slash
social networks. It's still around, but it's not good anymore. No one uses it. Like, but that was good for a while. Like I used to like this stuff but they just became so toxic, so alienating. So distances like you used to go on there and have conversations
with people like they weren't necessarily people you knew in real life but you developed friendships and you actually had
meaningful interactions with other humans who share your interests somewhere in the world. And then this was just like it just became like you scroll and scroll but you don't interact. People scroll you but they might hit like her heart or whatever but they don't really interact with you. There's nothing substantive and when there is anything close to substantive it's just people fighting. Uh huh. There's no like why why would anyone do that? That's just masochism. It just it's like something you do to feel bad about yourself like it just it makes you depressed you know? Yeah but that could just be me being an old fart.
I mean, I would like to see
an
old
school
social
network come back like something where it's actually like you share interests with people, you want to have a conversation with them, you become friends revolutionary. Mhm Because I miss that and I like that and I like interacting with people online. I just, this other thing is not even interacting with people, I don't know what it is, that's why I can't get hooked on it. Like I want to get into it that people are there, it's like I feel like I should be able to go on there and talk to them, but it's like it's not designed for that. I'm sorry, I accidentally kicked my mic there. But yeah, that's what it is. So I'll let you get back to your test and study prep because I know you got to be like, oh my God, how am I going to cram for all these things? Yes.
So
I mean
wanting to
communicate
is
already
being on the right track because people who are just like, no, I don't want to open up. I hate opening up. I'm never going to open up. It's like there's nothing you can do with that. You have to want to um have you heard of the writer Brown? A Brown for me? Um B R
the last year
with
little accent
over it and then Brown just like the color. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. She doesn't
write
about relationships specifically that
much,
but
she writes about vulnerability and being emotionally brave and you know doing those risky things with the big rewards
and how to communicate. And she actually does a lot of stuff where she talks to people in businesses and you know, like teaches ceos how to lead and stuff like that. But she does also talk about relationships. She talks about her relationship with her husband and arguments they've had in ways that they've worked it out and yeah, her books and I think I think she actually has like a ted talk and she has a special on netflix
so you can check those out. Like she has a lot of really
good advice on that type of thing. And it kind of like when you read that stuff or listen to that stuff, it makes you like, it makes you want to figure out what you really feel and then say it to someone because it's like if you don't ask for it in life, you'll never get it. It's like your boyfriend if he says or does something that rubs you the wrong way and you're just like quietly burying the resentment like that. You've been click. If I just buried, you know, it won't be a problem anymore. But it will, you know, it'll keep coming up, it'll keep bothering you. The resentments will damage your relationship will damage your feelings for him. He'll sense it. He'll know something's up. You won't know what's up at home. Yeah. Because he kept,
because when you, when
you care about someone, you're
in tune
with
how they feel and you know like
what's normal for them and you know,
if they're mad at you, you know, so yeah, it's, it can be hard. Um radical honesty I think is one of the terms they talk about with that um where you're just able to just say it, it's like compassionately, you're not saying it to be in, but you're being direct and yeah, the oldest relationship advice also is to use I statements and just like to talk about how like it's affecting you and how you feel because it's kind of like um
you know, you never have time for me versus I feel like you're not making enough time for me. It sounds like it's a small difference, but it's a big difference. Yes, because like if you're just objectively saying you never make time for me, then it's like what can he? Right, right. But if you're saying you feel that way,
I mean that's your emotion.
Even if he is making time for you, he can't prove you're not having your emotion. Yeah. Uh huh. Like
and it is
possible
to feel things that aren't necessarily reflective of reality, but the feelings are reflective of reality and they can be reflective of your own insecurities. Like if someone I'm not hugging that anyone specific, but if someone's biggest insecurity is like, you know that someone will cheat on them or something that they'll convince themselves that their significant other is finding someone else more attractive. Or we can get other people even if they're not because that's like the biggest insecurity that they project. Mhm. What?
Or
if someone's
like,
say
insecure
and they
think
like
that other people are judging their intelligence or thinking they're stupid, even if they're not stupid, that's like that's just their insecurity. They're scared. People are gonna think they're stupid. Like moment anything touches that insecurity, even if it's by accident, then there suddenly like my significant other thinks I'm stupid. It's like no, your significant other doesn't think that. But you have an insecurity about that, right? Right. It's kind of
crazy
sometimes
when
you dig
into it, when a couple are having a disagreement and they're both kind of just seeing their worst nightmare, the biggest insecurity and neither has any grounding in reality, but just like the way they're both freaking out just convinces the other more. Mhm. Yeah,
I mean, you have to dig into what's actually happening because what's
actually
happening usually isn't as bad as what it looks like or what it feels like. So you have to have an openness to like what's really there. Yeah. Look.
Yeah.
But
also like,
how do I put this? I mean when you tell them what's going on, that also gives them an opportunity
to say their side of the story, which sometimes is something really unexpected. Yeah, and
you know, like assuming, assuming that everyone is entering into this in good faith and no one's lying to anyone else, Like, you can really be surprised by what their perception of events was sometimes when you actually like stop and ask them and listen to it. Like wow, I didn't even consider that that could be your perspective, but I see that now. Yeah,
I'm
glad, I hope you do communicate with him because I think communication really helps people, it helps them understand each other and it helps calm those insecurities because we all have them like every single person has their hot button thing, their thing that just like uh huh mm Did you
know yet?
It's almost like
everyone
has something that they're afraid that others are going to see about them
or single them out for. It's like almost like even a thing that can go back to early childhood, you know, something the teacher criticized them on something that parent criticizes them on something they had an early failure or bad experience with, you know? Um When Brown a Brown talks about shame, a lot of the shame things are on their um she talks about how a lot of women have body issues, um how a lot of men have masculinity issues and are like afraid of not being seen as strong and masculine enough. Just, you know, all kinds of other things people worry about. You know,
if they'll be seen as too stupid, too poor, too low class to, you know, whatever people have their thing. And if something touches that thing, it's almost like it can become a story like one of my girlfriends stories is um so she's not picked last but she's never anyone's first choice that she's always kind of just okay. She's never like, you know, you're the first pick. We want that one. It doesn't matter if it's in romantic relationships were just like in you know business and work like you know feeling that way. I work too. Like she's just okay on the team, she's in the middle. She's not like the one that is the favorite employee. You're the best employee like feeling like that whether it's true or not just because that's the story and if anything makes you feel that way it's just gonna be like cascading emotions. Yeah.
So. Oh
another one um with a lot of wisdom um
have you heard of puma Children? Yeah. P. E.
M. A.
And
the
last name is C. H. O. D. R. O. N. I think C. H. O. D. R. O.
N. I
think. Yeah. How? Yeah she's um she's a buddhist nun
and like her books are kind of about buddhism. Like some of them are really about buddhism but a lot of them are also just like really about life and wisdom stuff like that. She tells the story. I always find this one of the funny ones. Um she was basically house sitting for some rich person with her boyfriend and her boyfriend had an affair and she was in this place where she was house sitting and she finds her boyfriend in bed with another woman and she just has a tantrum and she picks up this vase and it's going to throw it at him. And then she realizes that because she's you know in the house of some rich person that this is a very expensive face, it's probably worth like you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars or something that she can't break it. She's like it just puts it down slowly generally. Yeah.
Well
I think my boyfriend
might have
been house
sitting
with
her.
Right.
Right. That's crazy. But it's like she says that in that moment when she like had to catch herself and put the vase down
that she just started laughing at herself and she realized how ridiculous this whole situation was.
And uh, I don't know. It was like in that moment like she had been so caught
by the emotions like, oh my God, that bastard, I'm gonna kill him. And then like getting above it and just laughing at it and realizing the situation she's in. I mean, I'm sure she still broke up with him, but Right. Right. But
just like
not getting carried away by your emotion, being able to like, you know, step back and being like, oh, I see myself and this is kind of a funny story. If you think about it. I don't know. But she has some really interesting insight so check it out. Mm hmm. Yeah. Right.
Um she
has like
whole bunch of books you
can basically just pick
up any
of them. Um
One of the most famous ones I
think is
when things fall apart.
that's like probably
the most
famous of her books, but like I said, you can pretty much just pick up anyone, there's gonna be some wisdom in it. Mhm, mm. Mhm.
it's just a thing I do,
I just not the people
I also
think like
most of her books are good. Um some of her older ones, I feel like she wasn't quite thrown into herself yet. Um on her website she actually talks about like what you're going through and what book you should read because of the point you're in your journey. Um The first one I read of hers was I think Darren greatly, and that's a pretty solid book,
daring greatly. Like in a way it's almost like she references some of her other books so much that was like a little bit like okay, I'm you know, coming in the advanced class, but I was able to figure it out and yeah, like I was glad that I read that book first because I felt like if I had actually
started with her first book, I might not have cooked with her as much because like I said, she was still kind of growing into herself there, but like as she figured things out further on, like daring greatly is I mean it's about bravery, it's about doing what you want and getting what you want out of life and figuring out what that is and you know, not being held back by internal criticism or external criticism and you know, basically just being brave and how hard being brave is and how much the world will kick your ass and how to pick yourself up again when the world kicks your ass. Yeah. Mhm. It's, it's hard
to live by, but it is inspiring. Like you can pretty much just go back to that. It was like, okay, there's my, my injection of courage. There's my strap on spine. I'm ready. Mm strap
it on.
I
got my spine. I'm ready. I'm
ready.
Mm hmm.
Mhm
caught
crowd
morgan.
it was.
I,
I made
two guesses there. Which one was right? Cloud said Claude or Cloud.
Because
I remember it was one
of
those, I wasn't completely sure. Claude. Claude or Cloud.
No,
no, like short for claudia.
It's not true. But no, it's like cloud. Right.
No.
Well, that's
fine.
You
can
stay
with that. I'm completely
cool with that.
It's just like that seems like a normal name to me.
I
mean like
that's
like
I feel
like nature
names
like
that they're pretty common
hippie names too. Like like I knew someone named cricket and they said it was because when she was a baby she made a sound like a cricket in the crib. Yes it
might have
waited
to name her
because
some
parents
do
that.
Some parents like they want to get a feel for the baby's personality or something about the baby. So they wait a little and they said that you know she made it sound like freaking Mhm.
mm.
that's
I
I totally
get that and that's good. That that
makes
me feel
good.
I like that
too.
I like that.
I
feel that I feel that
well
if you want to exchange
but
we can
Do you have discord?
let me see if I can pull up my
um my tag. Mhm. Um
Here for a while.
you know I think okay um trying to figure out the best way to communicate this eventually, just like write it down or something and like okay um is it just kind of long and
it's funny
because
you
need
more than just a number, right? You need like the name and the number? Right? Right, mm hmm.
which
is why I was like
maybe
I should write it down and
then like
hold
it up
to the screen, ignore that sound if you heard it, that's just one of my survey notifications um
goes to that. Yeah. Um a
little
bit
but
I think not that intensely. I mean I'm actually from new york city originally, so I think like just having conversations with strangers like happens all the time there. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay.
No.
Yeah, I tend
to
do more tech
stuff to
just so you know, I use a third party clients with Discord, so you have to like give me a heads up or something if you want to do any kind of video call or voice chat or something because the third party clients not set up for that. Uh huh. Yeah, true. I have tons
of those
by
all
means.
Yeah. Um Okay, so let's see if this works and I hope this isn't backwards because that would be weird. Um Can
you like read this
new studies available on prolific?
it
is backwards. Huh?
We call on mine.
Like
when
it shows
my
video
on
mine,
it's
backwards. That's crazy. Yeah. And this crazy thing
on the rest of the paper.
This is me trying to make a fantasy calendar. Um, that syncs with the moon. Uh huh Yeah.
you
know like uh for a fantasy world for fiction. Um, but using kind of like the same planetary cycles as earth, but then making a calendar that could work on earth where the month always starts with the new moon. Yes. And it quickly got into a lot more complicated math than I wanted to. Well,
like
when it
started involving
math,
I started
being like, how can I fake this and not do math? Uh
debatable.
Whether
I'm doing
math debatable.
I never quite worked it out. I got kind of close and then I shelved it for a while and I plan to come back to it. Okay,
But you
are
54th
cloud oasis.
So cool, What's your actual name?
Sophia,
nice to meet you
huh.
gosh,
no, I'm just
gonna
get you
on all
my weird self help stuff you do yogurt. Yeah. Yeah,
I wish,
I wish I'm too lazy
now, I go to classes.
it it motivates
you,
especially
since
we've got
like impression stuff because you're like you were saying, you know when
you have in person stuff that motivates you, it's a lot harder for yourself at home. Mhm
Well
Right, well it's also
like anything
where
you
know, the teacher
is teaching
you can't
do this later, so you have to be with it, you have to be in that moment because when the class is over that's it, you can't take the class, it's like um I also do uh modeling for artists. Like, you know, figure modeling and it's kind of the same motivation thing for the artist. I mean sometimes I'm on the other side of it, sometimes I'm the one
drawing, but a lot of times I'm the one modeling and it's like when the model is posing, you gotta draw because if it's a five minute pose, when those five minutes are up, you can't draw that pose, it's it's over. So it just it breaks you out of your I'll do it later, I can do it later. Like no, you can't do it later while exposing now and get to it. Mhm, mm.
Alright, so
I
got you on my discord.
Um Where are you sending a message?
See
where
do I put
you?
here we
are.
no, it's just a funny way of typing it. I do that a lot. It's because my generation had little cats. Lol cats. Cats was
funny miss
field captions on them.
Hey, I can host. Okay,
so there's
like
ironic misspellings.
It's it's basically just that we all speak old cat, we're all damaged by it. Well, you know,
it's like
in
retrospect, that is
one of those weirdly wholesome things. It's like
in my generation, we all try to type like cats. Uh Uh huh.
We should
probably
finish this up. I got some other survey that I did grab and they're gonna make me watch videos and like, I'm living here. You got me now, You got me now, I'm going to be here.
I've
never actually
done that with anyone, but I'm
interested
in
it.
So I'll be around
and I'll see you. I'll see you later.
Bye bye. You too.