SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm Patrick,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Andrew AJ doesn't make a difference to me. Really?
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. So apparently we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. I don't know if there's any particular agenda, I guess we just talk chat.
SPEAKER_L: There isn't really any agenda. Is this your first time doing these, this girl?
SPEAKER_R: sort of, so I signed up the floor and the last time nobody showed up, you know, I just
SPEAKER_L: that's how that's happened to me a couple times.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I guess this just works out this time.
SPEAKER_L: This is my seventh I think. And I actually like the last one I think mm. Oops. I have been. In addition, let me check. Not having any issues. Whoops. Mhm. Oh sorry my maybe if I had an internet problem, Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my connection is not great so I might cut out. So um I guess um So where are you from? What do you like to do?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm from Illinois, live in Illinois currently, you know, I don't I don't know, but I have bobby's you know, I like to listen to music. I read a lot, you know, I enjoy geo casting, you know, exercise, jogging the steps and the like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Cool. I'm from michigan, not so far away.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been to missing in a couple of times. I went to uh we went to an amusement park out there called Michigan's Adventure, you know.
SPEAKER_R: I've been there. They have, it's both
SPEAKER_L: I had fun
SPEAKER_R: water
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: park and roller coasters. It's pretty.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think we did the water park. I think we we we we won't shivering timbers a lot because that like is what is a hell of a great wooden roller coaster.
SPEAKER_R: So are you from like the Chicago area or elsewhere?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, Chicago is about an hour away from us from
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what the, not, not, not downstate, but like, you know the mm near there basically. I've been to Chicago bus. My dad um lived there for like, you know, he grew up there, I met my mom there, you know? Problem.
SPEAKER_R: My my uncle lives in suburb northern suburbs of Chicago. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hmm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So I guess how did you uh stumble upon this activity?
SPEAKER_L: Um prolific in general. I stumbled on it because you know, I don't remember. I think I was just I googled like surveys, you know, and if you can make there's no like money and click on that, you know? And I figured out uh at the time I was having some issues with, uh I have a part time job I worked for from home, you know, And I was having issues with making the amount of hours I think because of the whole pandemic, they didn't unlock a bunch of stuff for there was too many people doing work from home but I picked this up to just get a little bit of like make up what I wasn't getting and now that I'm back to getting what I was originally getting, you know, this is just like a bonus on top of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. I think I I kind of in a similar scenario, I was looking for, you know, exciting ways to make some money. And I found there was some other survey sites, but most of them were like you get like it takes like 20 minutes and you get like half a cent or something ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I used to do I used to do mturk which is to amazon which you know, I ended up like I made like three or four, like probably a few $100 over but it took me like two years or something
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: that, you
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: So I like I like prolific because you answer all the questions and then they don't. There was a lot of like, you know, constantly getting screened out and not getting paid you know for like and stuff like that with this. That that's only happened like twice I think for politic,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. It's kind of cool that it's like global, like different universities from random
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: place.
SPEAKER_L: sometimes sometimes the surveys are interesting, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some academic
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: study.
SPEAKER_L: like the one but I like the one where you can play like games, you know all that stuff like bonuses.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did one this morning. It was about like you had to kind of like, it was like some kind of weird like spaceship and you're on like a team. I don't know if you play that one.
SPEAKER_L: I did I did that one too with the one where you have to you have to like pack all the things in, you know and all that stuff. I thought that was pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think there was like this one team game where we each had to do a task, but I don't think anyone knew how what task they were supposed to do. So it was a total fail. But luckily I don't think that the money wasn't correlated to how well you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: did. So whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I like those. Oh yes.
SPEAKER_R: Good. So uh what what do you do for a living in your
SPEAKER_L: I work for search engine evaluation, you know? Not much. But you know, I'm glad I have even even a part time job, you know that I can work from home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's tough these days, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've got to make sure to be safe and all that stuff. Pretty much everyone in my family works from home now. Excellent. But you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: know my lol uh my dad was the only one who uh worked out of the house and is now sort of like you know working for home, we're collecting unemployment and stuff like that. You know my father my brother worked from home like well before this whole thing I said not I didn't do it well before that as did I you know and all that stuff so he hasn't he hasn't changed that much and I haven't changed that much. My dad's taking a little while more because he's a teacher so he gets a little uh he doesn't believe in doing like zoom instruction so he gets a little he's a little stir crazy I guess and all that stuff but he still has on he still has like two types unemployment and all that stuff so it's more you know he's making he's making just as much money doing that as he did substitute teaching. It
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: was like might as well stick with it until he wants out and then maybe make a decision about like you know whether it's safe to go back or whether zoom instruction can work and all that stuff I would be able to resume but it doesn't he
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: likes
SPEAKER_R: schools,
SPEAKER_L: he likes being to be able to like you know reach the kids I guess.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Some schools are entirely online. In some schools are entirely in person. You
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: never,
SPEAKER_L: the ones around here are doing some sort of weird thing where they were in on in person in the mornings but online in the afternoons or vice versa and I don't think that makes any sense. You know either it's either safe to do it all the time or it's not safe to do it at all. It doesn't make any sense to like do that or anything. I don't know, Illinois is having Illinois is having a pretty bad crisis right now. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: staying on mostly. But the exception like grocery shopping and doctor's appointment.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. We'll see. I mean, I don't know. I hope this end sometime in the next year, but you never know.
SPEAKER_L: So I I've heard I've heard good uh some good um vaccine evidence. You know, it's it's not its not that it's works and it's safe. Is that getting it to people is going to be problematic or anything. Like, you know, they're prioritizing it for people who really really need it. You know, like a sense of workers and health care personnel and I'm not either, you know what I'm going to make it like my my my my family is a little bit more weary of it I guess or anything, you know? But I've done enough for the research to know that it's it's safe. Well it's as it's as safe as like other vaccines, like no vaccine is 100% safe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: supposedly
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: this one supposedly this one gives you uh at least some some some anecdotal stuff that like it's it takes a lot out of you, you know? But it's better than getting the pandemic or anything for
SPEAKER_R: Megan
SPEAKER_L: what I've heard people say.
SPEAKER_R: covid I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard people say like, you know, you're going to have like a fever for a couple days, you're going to have like, you know, it's going to make you feel like set, but you know, it's just for a couple days now I feel like weeks with the possibility of like, you know, permanent damage or death. So I'll take
SPEAKER_R: Go for a couple of days and death. Yeah. So you know, can you do this like more than once that the talking thing? Because if you
SPEAKER_L: definitely. If
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: you didn't get,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: if you didn't get
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: paid the
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: time you don't get paid the first time, you know? I think, I think they said it's either six or 7 times, you know, I think they might have changed it. I and even if you do it the multiple times and you don't keep track of them because I worry I didn't keep track of them. It says the only thing that will happen is you won't get a message from them. It's not like they're not going to like, you know, punish you for reaching out if you've already eaten, keep your limit or anything By seven. So I think this is my last one
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's funny. So when when did you like join the prolific thing? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: a couple of month and a half ago, maybe
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I got
SPEAKER_L: couple months
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: ago.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I didn't, I didn't check. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: yeah like my second week it's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: it's a solid thing. You know, I got a lot more I think studies when I first started or anything, but you know, I get the occasional one once these are gone it's I'm glad I don't have to like make, you know, my entire income off of anything like this, but like, you know, you know stuff and also with my job which is basically kind of just like grunt work, I can do the work for my job and
SPEAKER_R: From
SPEAKER_L: these at the same time so I can get basically like, you know, have one going in the background while I do this, so I can get basically paid twice for the amount of hours I put in,
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's great.
SPEAKER_L: you know, so that's very helpful. There's always a couple of times were like, you know, it will say you have a survey available but I didn't click over to it in time, you know, and it will be full, you know, that's a little bit inconvenient, you know? But I've done probably what, like at least 200 submissions at this point, you know, So I think I I don't know exactly how to put his pounds or anything but I think I made like $250 and at least in like you know a month and a half. That's not bad.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's pretty good. Who? I guess If you do even if you got like one survey like a day that would be like £365.. Which is like $400 million dollars just like from doing nothing. Which I think is pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: depends on how much the surveys are worth. Like some of the ones are worth a fraction amounts and all that stuff, you know? But then sometimes you get like I got a couple of ones where you know they pay pretty well but then the bonus if you do things correctly can like pay even more. You know I got this one where they where they did uh they want to do the forecast things basically You know and it paid pretty well. But if I'm in like the top 60% of like accurate as far as like forecasting goes, I get paid like you know a bonus. And if you're within the top 20, you could pay more on your, for the top 10, you get, I don't know how I'm gonna do. They wanted you to predict like, you know who want based on who won the election, what you think like the GDP growth would be
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: or unemployment or stuff like that. And I I didn't understand it completely because it was doing like probability curves or anything, you know, and like math has never been my storm, but I think I did well enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I guess any money is better than no money
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I managed to I didn't cheat but I managed to basically fake my way through the only like math class I had to take him out
SPEAKER_R: night.
SPEAKER_L: by mostly mostly figured out that you could just sort of like, you know, Build everything from home. He basically didn't have to understand it. You had to, you could set it up with like 15 or 16 different online calculators that would do it for you basically. My brother like mine and I think in math and algebra and stuff like calculus and he likes it but I was I was never around never for me. I don't think
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sam. Okay mm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I like my time in college but like math was not the
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: thing they you know I like my like my film classes, I like my theater classes, you
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: know I like my psychology classes. Didn't like my film was much my brother though, he uh he majored in film. Excellent. Yeah he's got a four year degree in it. It's not doing it that much good right now
SPEAKER_R: Has
SPEAKER_L: but you know.
SPEAKER_R: he? I made any movies?
SPEAKER_L: No not yet. He wants I think he wants to be a film whiter or not film writer but like a film critic I think
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: at least that's what his intentions, you know? But that's that wasn't going very well before the pandemic. And now
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: with the lack of movie theaters, we'll see you anything. He uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: he had its newspapers for a living. You know, he works from home, you know? So he's he's doing he's doing all, he hates his job. But you know, he's doing, he's doing all right. I think like it's a it's a say um it's a late shift. So he like, we'll do like work from like four to like 12 or like 6 to like 2:00 AM and stuff like that because they need to get like, you know, then you get them all like edited before the papers
SPEAKER_R: For the
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: money
SPEAKER_L: out in the morning and all that stuff. But I think it pays, he gets health and servants and I think it pays like $17 an hour or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: pretty good and you can do it all working from home. So you know he's got a guy I think he's I think he should be kind of thankful for these guys but he get that he hates it you
SPEAKER_R: I guess.
SPEAKER_L: know? But he's gonna try and he was going to try and switch to a new job but like that was before you know everything and all that. I think he wanted to be a he wanted he actually wanted to be a librarian, you know
SPEAKER_R: I've moved.
SPEAKER_L: just a librarian in general I think you know, but you know we decided that that that that was not really going well before this and now you know the same thing, it's the same thing with my job. I'd like to get more hours but I don't want to walk the boat with Yeah what I got right now you know like I mean that will like, you know employee things so you know, they can they can fire me whenever they want. I'm not I'm not I'm not messing with that. I don't get like elephants turns or anything. So
SPEAKER_R: Talker actually. Do you know because we get paid it's kind of weird. We get paid in pounds sterling and on paypal the exchange rate is like not accurate of the actual what it is. Do you know is there a way that you can get the money out of papal besides their transition their transaction right? There's like a bunch of stupid feed. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't I don't think so. At least for me when I, when I hooked up like a bank account or anything, there wasn't any, there wasn't any fees for me. You know it takes it takes like wonderful Like you know, get transferred over. But if you want to get it like instantly they take like a 1% or
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: that feat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: But if you look, if you hook up like I hooked up my check, you know and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's probably good
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: know why they pay you in pounds. I think I guess politic is like buddhist company
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's from
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Oxford.
SPEAKER_L: my mom and the company I want. Yeah. The company I work for like, you know, as an irish company, but they don't pay me and they pay me in Dallas.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah it's kind of weird but well were subject to the whims of currencies.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay it has been 16:49.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh, how is a life in michigan? All right. I guess
SPEAKER_R: alan
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: only only only a little bit of Coben.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It's pretty much same as Illinois. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: everything's on an uptick right now, but Illinois is bad. Wisconsin is bad, you know?
SPEAKER_R: was like the epicenter I mean like october and just like was terrible and I think it's spread from spread from there. Wait.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I, I go, I go, I want to go to Wisconsin sometimes go, I find some jackasses which I like to do that, but my mom doesn't want me to like the family is like forbidden me from going across the border, which I don't think makes any sense. Like if you go to like a force preserved in Illinois or for specific Wisconsin, you're, you're not around people. No, but they're worried that maybe you get pulled over by cops so you have to stop to like, you know, use the bathroom
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you know, Yes, that's what people are wearing their masks. Probably.
SPEAKER_R: mary?
SPEAKER_L: You know, we live, I'm about like 2030 minutes from Wisconsin border. So I like, I like to dive over there sometimes. I used to, I used to do that a lot for concerts like Madison and Milwaukee are pretty close by, you know, relatively lot actually closer and easier to get to the Chicago. What
SPEAKER_R: Sarah
SPEAKER_L: to do with a guy like the cargo traffickers nightmare, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Even like I like I rolled in there like two a.m. Once and it was like still a huge traffic jams and what the hell? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. It helps when when I go down with my dad and he helps a little bit because he still remembers like how the streets are laid out. Anything. I could never, I could never,
SPEAKER_R: It's kind of like
SPEAKER_L: I get lost like trying to walk on the street. So I'm glad like, you know, I, I usually go down, me and my brother and my dad usually go down together, you know, Not always, you know, but mostly for concerts and the occasional play and stuff like that, which not really going that well right now. You know, we
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: saw Hamilton
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: down
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: there, you know, and stuff
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: like that. You know, my my dad's kind of wishes that plays, we're going up a little bit more, you know,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: because he uh he likes going to them, but more importantly, like he said, he's a community theater after guy. So he sort of gets like, you know, he sort of gets uh he knows that they're not safe, but I think you'd be happy if you could go back out to like, you know, audition for stuff and all that stuff, you know, he's been in a couple of things around here, you know, I actually saw him in a few good men. It was at a production here. Yeah, here is good. I like I like theater like you know, I like uh going to it you know? But I had I I respect the hell out of people who uh who are actors especially when it comes to like theater actors, you know Because like I had my theater class in college, I had to do a play lit, we had like you know, white thing and then performing it, you know and I ended up performing the one I won't but I had It was a 10 minute scene And I had so much trouble remembering 10 minutes of dialogue and like so I have no idea how people can do like the Iceman Cometh, which is like four hours or musicals or any of that stuff. Like I have like no, I idea how people can remember that kind of stuff. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Memorize all this stuff and they make them real.
SPEAKER_L: my dad had to do uh can be realigned with him sometimes, which is nice, but I kind of miss, I kind of miss movies, I miss concerts and those are the two main things I miss and jim. Those are the three basically meet things that I miss and like the gym still open about here, but it's not safe, you know, I'm glad I decided not to go because um turns out like, you know, several of the staff that they had to close for like away because several of the staff members have deposit, you
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: that's part of the problem. It's just like total luck if you were in the wrong place at the wrong time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: any, it's any place where you're gonna be there for a long period of time is like most of the problem or anything. Like I need to go get some shopping done. I'm not worried about being in Walmart for five minutes, but going to a gym, you're gonna be there for like an hour, an hour and 15 minutes an hour and a half, you know, Even if you're going to get like your haircut, you're gonna be there for like 15 minutes, you know, something like that, you know, so that's that's the problem. It would have worked if you could wear your mask, but you know, if you had to wear your mask all the time where you were in there, but they didn't do that, you know, and I try to exercise, they were wearing a mask and I can totally see why that doesn't really work. I was like, I was like sort of breath and like three minutes, but at the same time out here it's people are not taking it that seriously, you know, some extent, which is a problem because the county I'm in is not, it's not like cook Cook county Chicago is bad, but it's not really people are doing things much more like performance theater. Now basically we're like, you know, masks only work if you wear them so they cover your nose, you know, you don't take them off to take a phone call or stuff like that and that's what they do, you know? But we haven't gotten it, no one in the house has gotten anything as far as we can tell. So we're trying to hopefully keep that going, you know, and just stick, just stick to the things you need to do, which is stopping and you know, medical appointments and stuff like that. You know, maybe not having family over for thanksgiving or anything. We might have my uh, uncle over maybe. I don't know if we're doing that or anything, but like no big like family gatherings or anything but could be we there's always people are worse off, you know, so I'm glad that you know we've, you know my everyone in my family is dealing with some stuff they have to get through, you know, it's not it's not been easy, like the pandemic has taken a hell of a toll on my mental health, but you know it's we're none of us has gotten like horribly sick, you know and all that stuff and we also still have reasonable money and a house with heat, so we're not getting evicted from, so I'm got
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to be thankful for that thanksgiving. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. So where are we we are?
SPEAKER_L: got a couple more minutes, right?
SPEAKER_R: 48 camera.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I always like to stay like a minute after the 25 things just in case, you know, in case you missed anything or if they don't, if they take out the fact that I connect this is out of that or anything, but you should be able to you should be able to sign up for more of these. They say that they they say at the end, you know, if you read through the all that stuff, you know, Like I said, I think, I think you can, I think it's the other six or seven. I'm not sir, you know, like it said seven for this series, But then, you know, and I think I did seven but I'm I'm probably going to sign up again because if you sign up and you're out of things, they don't like punish you for that. They don't like take your money back or anything. Oh, and there's always the possibility that maybe the system will let me do another one or maybe they'll up the limit because originally it was six and now it's seven. You know, I like this because I like prolific. But if you look at, if you look at, you know, if you cut out all the webcam surveys, I didn't make as much money as you know, they pay pretty well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah Says it's what is it? There's the instructions probably ah if you just, you will be compensated for the full $15. So if you've got seven times, that's pretty, it's like 100 bucks.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty good. You know, I did the uh a couple of people missed me like you know where they didn't show up and I don't think I ever got paid the 1 50 for that, but that's just like five minutes stating
SPEAKER_R: That's that's driving
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: to me cluster. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: We're at the 24 so stay safe. You know, uh sign up for these. I think I think you should be able to, if you just read the instructions like, you know in detail and all that stuff, you know, work