Uh huh.
Hi, I'm Patrick,
nice to meet you. So apparently we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. I don't know if there's any particular agenda, I guess we just talk chat.
sort of, so I signed up the floor and the last time nobody showed up, you know, I just
Yeah, so I guess this just works out this time.
Yeah, my connection is not great so I might cut out. So um I guess um So where are you from? What do you like to do?
Yeah. Cool. I'm from michigan, not so far away.
I've been there. They have, it's both
water
park and roller coasters. It's pretty.
So are you from like the Chicago area or elsewhere?
That's cool.
My my uncle lives in suburb northern suburbs of Chicago. Mhm.
So I guess how did you uh stumble upon this activity?
Yeah, exactly. I think I I kind of in a similar scenario, I was looking for, you know, exciting ways to make some money. And I found there was some other survey sites, but most of them were like you get like it takes like 20 minutes and you get like half a cent or something ridiculous.
It's
ridiculous.
It's
like.
Mhm. Yeah. It's kind of cool that it's like global, like different universities from random
place.
Yeah. Some academic
study.
Yeah, I did one this morning. It was about like you had to kind of like, it was like some kind of weird like spaceship and you're on like a team. I don't know if you play that one.
Yeah, I think there was like this one team game where we each had to do a task, but I don't think anyone knew how what task they were supposed to do. So it was a total fail. But luckily I don't think that the money wasn't correlated to how well you
did. So whatever.
Good. So uh what what do you do for a living in your
Yeah, it's tough these days, you know?
All
No.
Some
schools,
yeah. Some schools are entirely online. In some schools are entirely in person. You
never,
Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah.
Mhm. We'll see. I mean, I don't know. I hope this end sometime in the next year, but you never know.
Yeah, that's
that's
good.
Megan
covid I guess.
Go for a couple of days and death. Yeah. So you know, can you do this like more than once that the talking thing? Because if you
well
like
I
don't
know.
Uh That's funny. So when when did you like join the prolific thing? Mhm.
Yeah I got
just
like
yeah like my second week it's pretty good.
From
yeah that's great.
Oh yeah that's pretty good. Who? I guess If you do even if you got like one survey like a day that would be like £365.. Which is like $400 million dollars just like from doing nothing. Which I think is pretty good.
All
Yeah. I guess any money is better than no money
night.
Yeah. Sam. Okay mm. Mhm.
That's
But
Has
he? I made any movies?
All
What?
yeah.
For the
money
it's pretty
good.
I guess.
I've moved.
Talker actually. Do you know because we get paid it's kind of weird. We get paid in pounds sterling and on paypal the exchange rate is like not accurate of the actual what it is. Do you know is there a way that you can get the money out of papal besides their transition their transaction right? There's like a bunch of stupid feed. Mhm.
maybe
that
was
think
yeah that's probably good
now.
Yeah it's from
Oxford.
Oh yeah it's kind of weird but well were subject to the whims of currencies.
Yeah. Okay it has been 16:49.
alan
only only only a little bit of Coben.
Yes. It's pretty much same as Illinois. Yeah.
was like the epicenter I mean like october and just like was terrible and I think it's spread from spread from there. Wait.
Is
that
mary?
Sarah
Yeah. Yeah. Even like I like I rolled in there like two a.m. Once and it was like still a huge traffic jams and what the hell? Yeah.
It's kind of like
I
feel
like
I am.
All
Memorize all this stuff and they make them real.
See
that's part of the problem. It's just like total luck if you were in the wrong place at the wrong time
you
man.
No.
Okay. Okay. So where are we we are?
48 camera.
Yeah Says it's what is it? There's the instructions probably ah if you just, you will be compensated for the full $15. So if you've got seven times, that's pretty, it's like 100 bucks.
That's that's driving
to me cluster. Okay.