SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: how's it going? Good.
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you? Well
SPEAKER_L: I usually I've done a couple of these talks so far but I usually just figure I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: just tell you my first name and then like where I'm at. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my name's Andy L. Live in Missouri lived here my whole life. Uh Can you hear me? Okay? I got a fan on me my
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: offices. The the air conditioner doesn't get in here real well so it gets hot.
SPEAKER_R: you're good. I realized that I I opened the link before like five minutes before and it must have started my time or early so I screwed everything up basically. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I have I have a timer on my on my phones that'll keep track of it. Make sure we we get all the way there.
SPEAKER_R: I am taylor, I am in north Carolina. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I've only done one of these before, I think the other time the other person didn't show up, so I'm glad that there's someone on here this time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I did I think I've done this round I think this is my third now this time I've actually talked to people every time But the last time I had I think three separate people and and nobody ever showed up so
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: it's nice to
SPEAKER_R: first,
SPEAKER_L: be extra scratch
SPEAKER_R: the first time I was I asked the guy a question, he was like, I don't think we're supposed to ask that stuff, so now I'm paranoid, I don't remember. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I tried to keep it you know? I mean I think eventually when I was talking to the other two people um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think it mild like touched on occupation, that kind of stuff. But you know, I mean I'm not, you know, I guess I'm not like I'm not going to give you my social or anything like that, but you know clearly, but it's just like I think if I told you that I work, you know, I mean how I worked for a police department um and I work in the property and evidence room so in taking all the stuff I'm not sworn but never really wanted to be an officer anyway and uh but yeah, so just working there and taking all the stuff that comes in catalog, get ready for court
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: or just storage, that kind of thing,
SPEAKER_R: that's very
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: cool. I always wanted to go into forensic psychology, but I want with school counseling instead, so a little different.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Yeah. Well I mean I I figure I figure I've known some people who said that law enforcement and teaching can kind of go hand in hand at times. Just, well, I mean when you're when you're managing unruly kids, you know, that can certainly
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: be, I think.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's there.
SPEAKER_L: What is it hot there right now? Because it's terrible here. It's been it's cooled off a little bit today, but it's always just so humid. It's Oh yeah, man.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: when you about the fan I was wondering? No, it's actually
SPEAKER_L: In southern Missouri it's it's I mean, That's I mean everybody always says, Oh, it's not the heat, it's the humidity, but it really is and it's just a killer. I mean, it was today, it was about in like the mid to upper 80s, but so it wasn't quite as bad. But some of the days it'll just be like almost 90% humidity and just terrible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know it was it was like 82 today which is cool for August in North Carolina but it was humid and my school building, but everyone was complaining about the humidity. But yeah, I think one of my classmates might have moved to Missouri trying to think, I think he might be counseling and ST louis now. Um That's a state that I've never visited or had a connection to prior to this year.
SPEAKER_L: I got you, I got you. It's
SPEAKER_R: No temperature there.
SPEAKER_L: it's cool if you, I mean, depending on what kind of stuff you like to do, you know ST louis and Kansas city has got a lot of cool stuff up there. But um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and if you're like an outdoorsy type of person, there's a lot of really cool um like floating stuff like that. You go south central Missouri, there's a lot of spring fed rivers. And if you talk to people from bigger cities about rivers, you think like the Mississippi or
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: muddy kind of, you
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: know? But I mean they'll have rivers, we have rivers that are just um maybe 30 ft wide and they're all spring fit, so it's really cold, you know, it's and it's clear, you can see all the way to the bottom, so yeah, going
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: on flip trips and stuff is a lot of fun. Are you guys, so have you started back to school yet?
SPEAKER_R: This week yes now
SPEAKER_L: How is how is that from a teacher's perspective?
SPEAKER_R: not fun.
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine, No, I can't imagine at all.
SPEAKER_R: I so I'm originally from pennsylvania and we don't ever start back until like the last week of august, so it's really weird to have started back last week, students came back on monday. Um It's just pretty much everything in north Carolina hot mess right now, so everyone's virtual for the first nine weeks, we're in pennsylvania, they're starting back in person and they're going to give it a try. Um
SPEAKER_L: okay. Just full time. Oh jeez.
SPEAKER_R: so so here virtual for the first nine weeks up until october um Teachers, staff can go into the building or they can work from home, so I've kind of been doing both. Um but it's kids don't want to do it, it's teachers don't want to do it, no one wants to be on zoom all day long. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So it's just kind of morale is very low, which isn't good during week one. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's my kids are going there. What they've done in town is they are splitting it by alphabet,
SPEAKER_R: Help
SPEAKER_L: you know, so
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: you're a through k you go monday Tuesday and then
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if your
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: L Z. You go thursday friday and then it's closed on Wednesdays, so they're going to do like a mass sanitize of the school on that day, so the teachers will be there four days a week, but then everybody can still be spaced out. I don't know, I mean just like looking on the internet, I've been seeing, you know, pictures and it hasn't started for us yet. Uh It will start monday is the first day, but uh it's I've been seeing pictures and stuff of, you know that what was that school in Georgia
SPEAKER_R: directly.
SPEAKER_L: where the kid took in the hallway and it's just people are packed in just, I mean, uh and we've been, we've been fairly lucky. I feel like in Missouri and I don't know, just being, you know, less populous than other states or flyover state as as you know, whatever you want to call it. But um, I mean it's still start to creep in now and we've got several, I mean quite a few cases actually,
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: you know, people hospital and uh, you know, and because we ended up, I think from March on, it just went full virtual. So basically the entire last quarter was just all virtual. Which I mean, no, like you said, nobody, nobody likes it. Nobody really can. I mean, you know, when when my kids would ask me like how, you know, how do I set this up? And I'm like, I have no idea. I used zoom the other day for the very first time since I've been essential. It's largely no different. But you know, or they'll ask me things, you know, like how do I how do I do this
SPEAKER_R: coming,
SPEAKER_L: math problem? And again, I really wish I could help you, but I can't english, I can push through in history and that kind of stuff. Sometimes I'll know that. But when it comes to math and that kind of stuff, I'm just like I have listen, I I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: figure most parents are probably in the same boat.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. So your kids, the days that they're not going into school, are they virtual? Like synchronous of the class?
SPEAKER_L: I you know, they I think that they said that they would be, but they've kind of gone back and forth from some of the stuff I've seen. So I don't know if they're going to just have like the lesson plans in advance, use canvas and refuse canvas. Um And so I don't know if they'll have the lesson plans or you know,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: that wouldn't really make much sense to, well I suppose, I suppose they could record them as they're teaching them in the class and then the kid watch it after the fact, so long as they haven't done before Wednesday, but for thursday rather but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah. My aunt, she's 1/6 grade teacher in pennsylvania and that's, she's teaching in person for half the class and whoever opts into virtual. She has to teach virtually. And then she has to be available for an hour each day virtually to be a little like tutor those kids while also having all of her specials in her clients. I mean, I feel for the teachers it's a, it's a disaster,
SPEAKER_L: I don't I just don't know like we were saying with like, I mean if a kid has a question about something, I feel like in a zoom meeting it's gonna be really hard for them to get that addressed in a timely manner anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Because they're going to have to be a muted and then if you have 10 kids at home who are a muted and their dad or mom or cousins yelling in the background. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: barking and
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: things happening. Sure.
SPEAKER_R: it's, I don't know, it's scary to think and I, I don't see us going back before next year,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: especially
SPEAKER_L: no, I don't do there.
SPEAKER_R: with the state of things in north Carolina. I mean we're close to UNC and Duke and NC state and cases are popping up so our area in particular will not be going back anytime soon. No.
SPEAKER_L: the, I mean, uh and I suppose all of that, I mean, I guess, you know, it's odd having to look at it this way that like, well, I guess that's better than like a dead kid or multiple dead kids, you know, so
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: they kind of get a Mulligan this year I guess. But you know, or until whenever, I mean, I would have liked, I would have rather seen everything just stayed shut down. I mean, just hard. I mean like it sucks for a lot of these people with small businesses. I really feel for him. But man, we, you know, look at places like new Zealand that was just like the end you're done. Stay in your house, don't go anywhere. You know, this is where you live and you know, full disclosure, I'm pretty far to the left. But you know, they also said, you know, hey, you know, we'll give you enough money so you can survive your businesses can be taken care of kids, can be taken care of you stay there and then you know, I mean I think they had another few cases crop up now just from people coming into the country but there for a while they were at zero. You know I mean? And I think we're a ways away from that just due to the people who are, you know, either anti masking folks and anti science folks and you know,
SPEAKER_R: It's,
SPEAKER_L: all kind
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: exit.
SPEAKER_R: why I think pennsylvania really lay down the hammer. It was pretty strict and turned into different zones and counties in philadelphia and all of those areas were on a strict lockdown. But then north Carolina went into phase two, which is like gyms and bars. They have not left phase two since I think april or may they may have gone into phase two gyms have not open. So there has not been like the gyms have not been open here in how many months now? Almost six. So it's just, it's interesting to see because the people at home who were anti maskers then, so so livid with our governor there. But clearly pennsylvania was doing something right when you compare
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: it to
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: the other states. It's funny to hear that because you get on facebook and you see all these people ripping the governor apart and you're also able to go to weddings now and a lot of other states aren't so I don't think that's interesting. I had two weddings in july and august and didn't expect, I mean I had to cancel this summer but those two went through and I was shocked that we were able to have weddings. However, my one friend, her dad is the chief of police, Not in that township but close by, so I kind of think he leveraged that because you weren't have indoor gatherings of more than 50 and there were like 100 people there. So I I think you need some leverage there because that's
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: kind of happened.
SPEAKER_L: like it. Yeah. Is town township. I've noticed like
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: of the, some of the states on the eastern side of you say township, Is that like instead of county?
SPEAKER_R: we have counties. However when I think of our Chief of Police, we have a chief of Police per township. No, like my school district was split into two townships and we had two chiefs of Police there. So that's, I'm sure there's like overall chief in the county. But mm my two of my friends happen to have fathers who were the Chiefs of police in our school district area, so I'm ready for.
SPEAKER_L: So it's like so it's like the metro area will be split, is that kind of like, so like philadelphia area will have because I'm thinking I grew up in ST louis and so like you have ST louis city, you know and then we have ST louis county, you know that includes a lot of different neighborhoods, you know? And so maybe that's maybe that's what that means. I it was if township was like a county kind of a thing.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, a much smaller domain within within the county, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I got you, I got you, that makes sense. Yeah it's been it's been interesting that they just opened here, they just opened like the movie theaters now and um but their spacing it, I was like going to the Alamo Drafthouse, I don't know if you have one there, it's awesome. Oh man, it's great. Uh but you know, I mean to be to be totally honest, you know, I haven't had anybody knock on wood, I haven't had anybody in my family or circle gets sick or anything like that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and I don't mind staying home, I'm happy to, you know, I'm happy to just watch netflix and sit around and you know, cook things and uh you know making bread and I, you know baked my first cheesecake yesterday and yeah, I mean I'm I'm
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: branching
SPEAKER_R: enjoying
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: it, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and usually you know like I said unless I'm on the river floating or or you know that kind of thing during the summer,
SPEAKER_R: Before
SPEAKER_L: I just can't handle the heat.
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know, I like cold weather
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: a lot more but it seems like it's not getting that cold here anymore,
SPEAKER_R: they are,
SPEAKER_L: um but I can handle the cold weather a lot better than I can handle the warm weather.
SPEAKER_R: so you're you're one of the few whose embracing being, being home,
SPEAKER_L: I am, I am,
SPEAKER_R: but it's something
SPEAKER_L: I've got
SPEAKER_R: that you say, you know, you don't have any relatives, their friends who have, because I think people who haven't known someone who's had it then it's like what am I doing this for? What's the point? And actually at one of the weddings this summer, my friend and her husband, they both got that they went to florida with his family and all 12 relatives on this trip got it and I said to her, not that I'm glad that you had it, but I'm kind of glad because it makes me feel not crazy to personally know someone who has had it. And one of my friends in New york city, she she had the antibody test so she thought in March she had it and then confirmed so you kind of need to hear personal people who have it just to make you feel like you're not nuts. But I definitely relate to enjoying kind of being home and having
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, well and I and I mean for me my my very favorite kind of plans are cancelled anyway, you know, I'm I'm a big fan of that, like oh you know, it's like oh god, we got to go hang out with so and so like uh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: well we've we've cancelled the last like three times, so we're kind of now we can't, we got to go do this, and it's like oh no, you know this happened, we'll have to reschedule, like Yeah Right,
SPEAKER_R: Day home. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: man, it is, we, you know, I I would much rather just sit around uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I I don't mind going some places and doing some stuff but I mean this has been kind of a nice thing because it's just like oh gee I'd love to come and go to your party. But boy I don't know, you know I'm I'm working with the public every day so you know it might be might be dangerous. I better not I don't wanna I don't wanna endanger you.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have family in the area?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah my my brother lives here in town and then um but then the rest of them are kind of spread out. My parents live actually down uh south central Missouri. Um And that's where my mom and step dad lived. My dad and step mom live in ST louis still. Uh And then I have what happened I had when my parents got divorced, they had me and then they both married people from who had kids already from previous marriages. So I've got brothers and sisters on both sides. And so I've got some of them in ST louis uh some of them are my ones here and then um uh and then I've got a brother in Illinois. And uh so you kind of spread out, but still all Midwesterners,
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: you know, So
SPEAKER_R: you been able to see everyone while this is going on or is that
SPEAKER_L: I've seen my
SPEAKER_R: no?
SPEAKER_L: uh my parents down in south central, down way down the Ozarks there. Uh and uh and then my brother, I've seen him a couple times, but um for the most part it's just been, you know, they're there, They're getting I guess they're both 71 and 72 now, so they're getting to be older. So it's kind of like, well, you know, I try not to risk it, you know, to them all that much. And um we're always really careful at work, you know, masks and gloves and sanitizing everything and uh but you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: know, there's been a few squads even of officers, that one test positive and then they all quarantine, you know, which is good, they're getting ahead of it, you know? And our city has a mass coordinates currently. Um so you just, anytime you're outside and can't distance you have to wear a mask and in every business you have to wear a mask. Oh, you know, but then that brings up, like we said with the anti maskers are a lot of really clever people like for her, I crochet mine ha ha you know that kind of stuff like I just don't have any patience for that kind of stuff. Me. I mean I'm all about I'm all about fighting for my for my
SPEAKER_R: Water
SPEAKER_L: rights
SPEAKER_R: table,
SPEAKER_L: and things like that. But if you have lived such a precious life that you think being told to wear masks so that old people might not die, you know I mean like or kids or or I might not die then you know it's like if you think that's you know tyranny
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: then I think you need a civics lesson, I think you need a sociology lesson or a history lesson or any of those things with
SPEAKER_R: It's funny because one of my friends is dating a police officer in our area and he is so like, I'm never going to write anyone up for not wearing a mask if I like, he went to a restaurant one day and wasn't wearing a mask and went to a different table. And I guess the waitress asked him either to leave or put a mask on. So it's funny because, you know, these are people who are responsible for monitoring that other citizens in our area are doing what they're supposed to. And he and his roommate are blatantly like I'm never gonna fight someone or like I'll take my business elsewhere. I won't go somewhere that requires me to wear a mask, or if I owned a business and someone came in with a mask, I tell them to leave and it's just like, I don't know, you can't reason with stupid, it's not working to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: try.
SPEAKER_L: you really can't and um you know, I feel like the thing that I'm a big movie buff, I love horror movies and stuff like that and um
SPEAKER_R: fine,
SPEAKER_L: that's actually there's a there's an all streaming
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: horror platform that I have which is great, it's called shudder and it's fantastic. But you know, I feel like the thing that everybody missed on all of the zombie movies is like the people going into town and protesting, I demand to be able to be bitten by a zombie. Like, you know, I need I need to be bitten. I will your I can be bitten by a zombie if I want to. How dare you. It's like, it's like, what are we? But just what the hell is wrong with you? I mean, that's like, I feel like, and of course in a police department you're gonna run into a lot more people. Um I don't I don't know if well, I don't know, I don't know if they say you're not supposed to talk about politics per se, but it's just, you know, obviously there's a lot more people on the right and it's been my experience that a lot more people on the right or the anti maskers, are they, you know, freedom fighters and maybe I'm some stupid live whatever. But uh you know, sometimes it can kind of feel like an island when it's like, I mean, I think mhm I think probably the scientists understand, you know, I think maybe we could trust this what the CDC says and you know, and like an overreaction to a virus is probably, I mean like on the end of it, an overreaction would look the same as an, as an appropriate reaction individual curb all of these problems and more people can actually survive. I don't, I don't get that. I don't and especially when you have, you know, speaking of taking your business elsewhere, like I wish there was some sort of a way that we could track, you know, people saying I won't go there walmart making me wear a mask. I'm not going to walmart like
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like it probably will.
SPEAKER_L: are, you know, will, you know, especially, I mean some of these small towns, I mean just about every I think every just about every state in the country is like this where I mean you get an hour outside of town and it's red I mean it's it's bright red out there you know you get it's immediately country you know? But I mean you know for for some of the people to say that they're going to take the stand and they're not going to walmart like some places Walmarts all they got, you know they don't have anything else. You know, they're not gonna watch Nascar anymore,
SPEAKER_R: and when
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: home,
SPEAKER_L: watch
SPEAKER_R: NFL,
SPEAKER_L: football, you know? I
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: aunt, my aunt wrote something on facebook that she wasn't gonna watch NFL brother sent it to me and was like, but she thinks that they care, like dude, Nobel is really going to miss her, they're gonna, they're
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: gonna be so she's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: not tuning it,
SPEAKER_L: no linda come
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: back.
SPEAKER_R: just so, so ridiculous. I feel like you have to get off of social media and distance yourself from my thing. I feel like my whole life have been able to share relationships and friends with people with differing opinions. But now it's to the point where it's like I'm old enough that I'm my values and my morals if they don't, if you support someone who so blatantly disagrees with all the things that I stand for or believe in, that I have to reevaluate our relationship and you are. So I think that's been a realization this year for a lot of us. Ciao.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've been I've been trying to stay away from facebook uh you know I've never really been a real heavy user of it and mostly I just get on there for like the sales groups and stuff like that, you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: But uh you know, I I usually try and um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I usually try and read or listen to something from someone that I disagree with at least
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: once, you know, and, and I figure, you know, because, you know, I always say like I will voice my opinion about whatever it might be, even if it's an uncomfortable thing and um you know, I mean, I'm not going to be in there yelling, you know, trump socks, you know, whatever, you know, But I'm
SPEAKER_R: brian
SPEAKER_L: willing to have a talk with people,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: but what I've noticed is, I mean, and largely just because like if I'm wrong about something I want to know, you know, I'd like to change my mind, I don't want to be wrong. Um but I've noticed that like facebook, it's been kind of changed over from people actually maybe wanting to have a conversation to people willing to meme their way through life and thinking like if they respond with, you know, a picture of a child with buck teeth and then say this is what a democrat looks
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: like, or this is what a Republican looks like. Then that means that they won. The that means the ha ha you know, you you one that you know that means that your it's all over now. You you win. You're the smart
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I think people don't want to do research and you know be told but there are corrected or that I've tried not to comment on things unless I've done my research and I know what I'm talking about and I think that that's you don't find that on facebook and your
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: sanity
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: best.
SPEAKER_L: that's just to stay away. No, I think it's got away. Well then I think we ran up against our I've actually said it for 26 minutes, so we've run up against it.
SPEAKER_R: Ready.
SPEAKER_L: I did ask the other two people this, so I'll ask you this as well just to close it out. Is a hot dog. A sandwich.
SPEAKER_R: You know it's funny. I've seen that question a lot over the years I've ever put actual thought into it. God
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I'd say no
SPEAKER_L: no. Why? Why do you say no?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know me because the bread is all one unit and not.
SPEAKER_L: But but but you got I mean, I feel I have to point this out. What about Subway? That's it. That's just a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: trench of bread.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's true about two separate pieces. See I'm willing I'm willing to be challenged
SPEAKER_L: It's something
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: are, you are put and and that's what I like about you.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: that would be all
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: expected you to ask.
SPEAKER_L: No. Hey, that's fine. I before on the first one I had I had a big, you know, list of questions that I was going to ask that one and you know, uh is called cereal soup. Um You know those kinds of things and that, but it ended up just flowing like this. So I didn't ever have to have to delve into my question, so I didn't get him this time. But The hot dog question is always a good one. I feel
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate that. I hope that you have some cheesecake left over that you can enjoy.
SPEAKER_L: I do, I do. I think I'm gonna go jump into that here in just
SPEAKER_R: See I'm gonna jump
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: into
SPEAKER_L: it's good
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: pool
SPEAKER_L: to it.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: hey? Good. Yeah, well good talking to you though and good luck with everything and stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You show it's nice meeting ill.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: too.