Right.
Good. How are you? Well
What?
sounds good.
you're
good.
you're good. I realized that I I opened the link before like five minutes before and it must have started my time or early so I screwed everything up basically. Uh huh.
I am taylor, I am in north Carolina. Um
I've only done one of these before, I think the other time the other person didn't show up, so I'm glad that there's someone on here this time. Yeah.
Yes.
The
first,
the first time I was I asked the guy a question, he was like, I don't think we're supposed to ask that stuff, so now I'm paranoid, I don't remember. Uh
Mhm.
And
that's very
cool. I always wanted to go into forensic psychology, but I want with school counseling instead, so a little different.
What?
Well, it's there.
That's funny
when you about the fan I was wondering? No, it's actually
You know it was it was like 82 today which is cool for August in North Carolina but it was humid and my school building, but everyone was complaining about the humidity. But yeah, I think one of my classmates might have moved to Missouri trying to think, I think he might be counseling and ST louis now. Um That's a state that I've never visited or had a connection to prior to this year.
No temperature there.
Yeah.
I know
what?
Fine.
This week yes now
not fun.
I so I'm originally from pennsylvania and we don't ever start back until like the last week of august, so it's really weird to have started back last week, students came back on monday. Um It's just pretty much everything in north Carolina hot mess right now, so everyone's virtual for the first nine weeks, we're in pennsylvania, they're starting back in person and they're going to give it a try. Um
so so here virtual for the first nine weeks up until october um Teachers, staff can go into the building or they can work from home, so I've kind of been doing both. Um but it's kids don't want to do it, it's teachers don't want to do it, no one wants to be on zoom all day long. Um
So it's just kind of morale is very low, which isn't good during week one. Um
Yeah.
Help
me.
I
know.
directly.
there.
coming,
So
absolutely. So your kids, the days that they're not going into school, are they virtual? Like synchronous of the class?
That's
when
Mhm Yeah. My aunt, she's 1/6 grade teacher in pennsylvania and that's, she's teaching in person for half the class and whoever opts into virtual. She has to teach virtually. And then she has to be available for an hour each day virtually to be a little like tutor those kids while also having all of her specials in her clients. I mean, I feel for the teachers it's a, it's a disaster,
Because they're going to have to be a muted and then if you have 10 kids at home who are a muted and their dad or mom or cousins yelling in the background. Yeah.
I mean
it's, I don't know, it's scary to think and I, I don't see us going back before next year,
especially
with the state of things in north Carolina. I mean we're close to UNC and Duke and NC state and cases are popping up so our area in particular will not be going back anytime soon. No.
And
It's,
and
that's
why I think pennsylvania really lay down the hammer. It was pretty strict and turned into different zones and counties in philadelphia and all of those areas were on a strict lockdown. But then north Carolina went into phase two, which is like gyms and bars. They have not left phase two since I think april or may they may have gone into phase two gyms have not open. So there has not been like the gyms have not been open here in how many months now? Almost six. So it's just, it's interesting to see because the people at home who were anti maskers then, so so livid with our governor there. But clearly pennsylvania was doing something right when you compare
it to
the other states. It's funny to hear that because you get on facebook and you see all these people ripping the governor apart and you're also able to go to weddings now and a lot of other states aren't so I don't think that's interesting. I had two weddings in july and august and didn't expect, I mean I had to cancel this summer but those two went through and I was shocked that we were able to have weddings. However, my one friend, her dad is the chief of police, Not in that township but close by, so I kind of think he leveraged that because you weren't have indoor gatherings of more than 50 and there were like 100 people there. So I I think you need some leverage there because that's
just
kind of happened.
thank
you.
we have counties. However when I think of our Chief of Police, we have a chief of Police per township. No, like my school district was split into two townships and we had two chiefs of Police there. So that's, I'm sure there's like overall chief in the county. But mm my two of my friends happen to have fathers who were the Chiefs of police in our school district area, so I'm ready for.
No, no, a much smaller domain within within the county, yeah.
No.
we're
enjoying
it, yeah.
Before
thank
you
what
they are,
so you're you're one of the few whose embracing being, being home,
but it's something
that you say, you know, you don't have any relatives, their friends who have, because I think people who haven't known someone who's had it then it's like what am I doing this for? What's the point? And actually at one of the weddings this summer, my friend and her husband, they both got that they went to florida with his family and all 12 relatives on this trip got it and I said to her, not that I'm glad that you had it, but I'm kind of glad because it makes me feel not crazy to personally know someone who has had it. And one of my friends in New york city, she she had the antibody test so she thought in March she had it and then confirmed so you kind of need to hear personal people who have it just to make you feel like you're not nuts. But I definitely relate to enjoying kind of being home and having
No.
Day home. Mhm.
Yeah.
Do you have family in the area?
Have
you been able to see everyone while this is going on or is that
no?
All
Water
table,
What?
It's funny because one of my friends is dating a police officer in our area and he is so like, I'm never going to write anyone up for not wearing a mask if I like, he went to a restaurant one day and wasn't wearing a mask and went to a different table. And I guess the waitress asked him either to leave or put a mask on. So it's funny because, you know, these are people who are responsible for monitoring that other citizens in our area are doing what they're supposed to. And he and his roommate are blatantly like I'm never gonna fight someone or like I'll take my business elsewhere. I won't go somewhere that requires me to wear a mask, or if I owned a business and someone came in with a mask, I tell them to leave and it's just like, I don't know, you can't reason with stupid, it's not working to
try.
fine,
nothing.
so
like it probably will.
and when
you
get
home,
NFL,
my
aunt, my aunt wrote something on facebook that she wasn't gonna watch NFL brother sent it to me and was like, but she thinks that they care, like dude, Nobel is really going to miss her, they're gonna, they're
gonna be so she's
not tuning it,
It's
just so, so ridiculous. I feel like you have to get off of social media and distance yourself from my thing. I feel like my whole life have been able to share relationships and friends with people with differing opinions. But now it's to the point where it's like I'm old enough that I'm my values and my morals if they don't, if you support someone who so blatantly disagrees with all the things that I stand for or believe in, that I have to reevaluate our relationship and you are. So I think that's been a realization this year for a lot of us. Ciao.
Right.
Yeah.
Well,
brian
what?
Please.
And
I agree. I think people don't want to do research and you know be told but there are corrected or that I've tried not to comment on things unless I've done my research and I know what I'm talking about and I think that that's you don't find that on facebook and your
sanity
probably
best.
Ready.
You know it's funny. I've seen that question a lot over the years I've ever put actual thought into it. God
I'd say no
I don't know me because the bread is all one unit and not.
huh.
Mhm. That's true about two separate pieces. See I'm willing I'm willing to be challenged
and
correct.
And
that would be all
I
expected you to ask.
Well
I appreciate that. I hope that you have some cheesecake left over that you can enjoy.
See I'm gonna jump
into
the
pool
so yeah.
Thank you. You show it's nice meeting ill.
Thank