Yeah I had uh I had one no show I guess and then I had one really creepy guy. He wouldn't turn on his web camera and
he kept
asking
me like if I would date a younger man and he was, it was really creepy.
No I didn't
and
I
thought
I would get the full amount but they didn't even pay, they didn't even pay for it because he didn't have his web camera on so it didn't count. So I suffered
through 25 minutes with some creepy guy for a dollar.
but I've had a
couple of good ones too.
Portland. Okay.
Yes you are.
And then when it's on my bucket list, so
I just took two trips, it's my audio echoing view.
Okay. It is only to me wonderful. Oh I just took two trips this summer. I started dating a man from Spokane. So
I met Wisconsin,
so
barry!
Very
Yeah I
took the first one I took was kind of a meandering road trip for me, so I took like
five days
and did a whole bunch of stuff and on the second trip I just drove straight Spokane,
I mean I I didn't,
it's
24 hours so I didn't drink it straight through
I guess I could live in new york. Mhm
I have one teenager, I'm a single parent today got divorced 33 years ago,
11
is a lot for
me, I love
her dearly, but it's a lot,
we just have to remember that sometimes.
I was like that when I first got divorced and I was like no, and now I walk
away and I'm like this has nothing to do with you, this has nothing to do with you, repeat.
It's probably in the forties, little bit of snow, but you know, two weeks ago it was gold in Spokane. And in Wisconsin we were 73.
My
boyfriend, you know his his uh physical therapist said, you know, I bet you your girlfriend is really cold and he's like, my girlfriend is wearing a tank top in short today in Wisconsin, you know.
And I'm always I'm always warm. So I mean unless it gets down to like 20 or below, I just wear these summer jacket. Yeah.
Yes. I remember those days I had a hysterectomy in 40
so
I was catapulted
into menopause and like I would wake up just like, I mean I was just grouchy and so hard, you know?
Hey.
No.
my daughter
um I guess she would have been about three or four went ahead and they hit directly and she was so funny because he played with her barbies and she's like, oh, I'm so, I'm so hot,
I'm in menopause, I'm having a hot ranch right now. Oh, so am I? I mean, it was just like, oh my God,
because
I'd be like, hot.
I know. I was waiting for her to go to school
and be like playing with Dallas would be like, oh my God.
She is 15,
She stayed back. Um
This is the first person that I've dated since by
divorced, so I have not dated since 1991 right?
And I met him online in a group that I belong to that was doing a chat feature for Covid and we met and it was just kind of an instant connection.
Um and we just kept talking and talking and my daughter is a little bit, she doesn't quite know what to do with it because obviously she's never seen me date before. And uh, yesterday, I guess it was yesterday, I had to have a chat with her because um my boyfriend, liam is proposing and the ring is coming by mail probably tomorrow.
Yeah, and so I had to, I said he's never been married before and it's a long story, but I mean basically when he first saw my little icon picture, he heard a message from, we call it Spirit, and it said there's your wife, and it was like, oh,
how am I going to get to know my wife? And miraculously, I had never been in a chat room before. The very next day I came into the chat room and I mean his eyes were like this and I thought he seemed so interested and I was like uh huh. Well that's because you know, he's sitting there and all of a sudden here I come and there's like thousands of people on this site, but here
I come
into the chat room and it's like, oh my God, there she is. Oh my God, you know
I know, because I said well afterwards, you know, he didn't tell me that right away obviously because he would have scared the crap out of me. Um
and he said, you know like I said, well what were you gonna do? And he's like, I don't know, I was sitting thinking about sending you a private message, but I had to think about how I wanted to work. I didn't want to be creepy and just be like a random guy messaging you, you know? And uh, it was just, I mean he, I've taken 3.5 years to heal from my um
marriage, which was verbally and emotionally abusive and I was married to an arc assist and he, he had, so I had finally gotten to a point where I'm like, okay, I'm good being alone. Obviously love isn't meant to happen for me in this lifetime and that's okay. It will happen in the next one, you know? And he had gotten to a point where it was like, okay, there isn't going to be anybody else. I'm going to get myself go on and with my life. And I mean literally within a month of us kind of coming to those separate conclusions. Here we are. And four months later, I mean four months later we're going to be engaged.
I mean
we've spent all together, I guess 20 days together in real life, in real face base every day together various times through the day and video chat and such. But it's crazy. I know my daughter said to me when I told her she's like, you know, this is crazy, right? And I'm like, well, I do know that there are many people who would think that this is crazy, but I trust myself now and I know what feels right for me and that's important,
you know? So
I'm doing,
Well, it's hard. It is hard. But um, he, I've committed
to three
years in
Wisconsin and for my daughter graduates,
I don't want to move
again. And he
had back surgery
and
so he is recuperating
from
that. So it's like, we tell ourselves, we both have our effort work to do. The plan is probably like a year from now for him to move to Wisconsin and move in with me and get married at that and live together until my daughter graduates and
then we hit the
road, which we don't know what road we're going to hit, but
it won't
be Wisconsin, we're thinking maybe new Mexico,
but he kind of has wanderlust like I do and likes to kind of meander around and so it will be good. I hope
he was going to physical therapy for his act, he's retired,
he's done a whole bunch of different stuff,
you know, wow.
No, it's all good.
he
is having a hard time because he's 64 and he spent the better part of a year not being able to really walk at all. So in his mind from surgeries that he had previous in his life, he healed from them at an astonishing rate and he was back up and and I keep saying to him not to make him feel old, but he's 64 I am. I said your body didn't come into this the same way your body came into the other surgeries, you
were laid up for almost a year, you didn't have the strength you're older now, you know, it's not going to be the same. Um You know, I think he in some ways wants to kind of turn back the clock and I mean I said you just have to you have to put it out there for your best recovery,
whatever that
looks like, it's not gonna look the same as it did when we're 40.
Same with him,
I
used
to be a when I was young, I'm a total type female, I mean I'm so tight. It's it's bad sometimes and he is very much of a type A and you know, he'll be like, you know, I want to get this done and it's done and it's done and it's like okay, so probably doing, you know, I'll just say like I think doing the laundry, it's it real like during the laundry and making dinner, like that should be it and you should be resting on your back with your lumbar pillow in between that time, you know? And I'll say like take a nap and he's like uh I don't want to take a nap and it's like you need to sleep. That's when your body restores itself. Whoever
you feel sleepy whenever you can nap Net,
Oh, I love that. And
I'm going to say that to him
that's
important,
write that down. I'm
taking
notes on this, I
don't want to forget
the nerves trying to fire
well
and that's hard when you're Taipei it's hard to be kind to yourself you know?
he has times when he'll feel energetic and then he'll go to too much you know and I keep telling him so you cut up you're ready for your salad is the same go take a walk up and down your and then come back and you know it's that it's not oh my God I'm feeling so good today so I walked two miles like that's not okay even if you feel good you know spend that time in your bed doing your exercises. If you're feeling good and energetic you know go and do a set of your exercises and then go back and do another or I mean he listens, but he's kind of like me. He doesn't like to be told what to do. Um, you know, fun in a marriage.
What?
Yes. And both of us know that about each other. But you know, I just I try to be really gentle with him and reminding him, you know,
I think he is a good guy. I really do. I I called a friend today that I hadn't spoken to for a couple of months and she's like, so what's new? And I go, well, a lot. She kiddingly said, are you married? And then she started laughing because she thought she did so far off. And I go, well, no, I'm not, but I am getting engaged. And she's like, what? Last time you weren't dating anyone? And it's like, right,
thank you
if thank you.
Well, it's
like something good came out of Covid, you know, I mean, because Covid has caused us to go inward
and it's caused us to look for other outlets. I never would have gone into a chat room had I not
been stuck in my house here for months by myself, You know, I mean, I say by myself, I'm not by myself, but you know how it is. You have a 15 year old, sometimes you are kind of by yourself. Only one maybe plenty of food, you know?
Yes, the necessities or money to buy, playstation games or, you know, so it it was just kind of, I mean, it was me, I quit my job during Covid and I'm reevaluating what I want to do with my life. And, you know, I'm just I feel like for me it's it's just been a pause, a very necessary pause in my life
and making me figure out what's important.
So
Right.
Well, and I feel like, you know, I hope it has long lasting effects. I mean it's kind of clear to some people that they were running around like chickens with their heads cut off for a long time but didn't realize it and now they're going stir crazy and I'm hoping that they can make their way from stir crazy too middle of the road. You know, I mean I'm a homebody anyway, so it was that big of a deal. The things that that I can't do or like travel in the summer, I always travel and you know go to the girl, I don't go to the grocery store, I do curbside stuff like that. But I mean there's a lot of people that are really losing their minds,
and
to me
it's like
so think
about why you're losing your mind and think about how you can modify things, you know?
You know?
That's really great.
It's been nice talking to you, too.
All right. I will.
Yeah. It's 8 30
All right. Thank you. You too.
Bye.