Mhm Oh yeah. Hi, can you hear me? Okay? Okay, perfect. Sorry about my mess. We're clean up the office to make it a bedroom again. So I'm just gonna apologize ahead of time if I was smart. I have my little like on zoom mediums where they have that beautiful, like you're in ITaly or something, you just get to see my mess. So I'm going to close the door real quick the office. Okay, Well I'm glad to talk to you because the last two people never showed. Yeah. Yeah, I had one on sunday and then one last week and nobody showed, but I've done it before, so at least know, you know how things go and all that, so Right. Uh huh
that
knows what he
was doing,
that was creepy. Did you report it or anything? Or
like
just give
me
my money
and how
Oh my God, that's like the, like the words experience over. I
had,
okay, I said, you know, love somewhere You've been really good. Um I had one, he was just younger and he was very socially awkward, brilliant, but just kind of like, so you know how poets affect you? It hasn't, you know, he was like, oh, it hasn't at all. My working target. Oh, if they have layoffs, nope, keep working, you know, and I go to call anyone to like college, you can never like stanford or something. So he was very, you know, smart. But yeah, it was like trying to paul kind of tooth and nail to get the conversation out of him. You know, you just kind of sit there and pause for a while and then, you know, so poor guy, beautiful form. Um Well I'm do lisa, it's a weird name, it's D E L I S A I guess. Thank my sisters for that. Um and I'm from Portland Oregon. So I'm
we're all in the news.
It
is a pretty cool place to visit. I'm Portland born and raised. It's not the old port than it used to be but there's lots of cool things to see and it's really beautiful in the summer. Yeah.
No.
yeah in Washington
I said oh okay. Okay. Yes
so can to be in the whole area too.
Very
beautiful, very green. I have a son who lives north of Seattle and Snohomish. Um Which is, I don't know it's probably about three hours from spoke am I would say. But yeah, very nice area. Well good. I'm glad you got to kind of, did you get to come out and visit them? You took two trips to Spokane? Yeah.
Right.
Parts
of society,
thank
you thank
you.
that's not too, I mean 20. Yeah that's it could be worse. Right.
Exactly. Yeah. It could have been, yeah definitely could have been worse. But I thought that was a nice I highly when I'm driving by myself it's kind of therapeutic like I can just kind of like you know being my own thoughts and um I don't really get to do that at home. You know have a husband and two teenagers still left at home and I work infectious disease. So you know just crazy. I don't have a 90 minute Hello? Hey, I'm on the chat by. Yeah. Oh
Years ago. Yeah. I was a single parent for about five years I think between my first and my second marriage and was raising four kids on my own. Yeah that's well
what
well
what?
Well the girls too, I think I have one daughter and three boys and I think um they got him through menopause. I'm not unless same hormone schedules, but you know, it's you sometimes they they look at my daughter said sometimes there are a lot of light and that's why we kind of get on each other's nerves. So, you know, and even if you don't like me now, you love me later on. So. Yeah. Yes,
that's that's the thing. I mean, my first child, of course, I was like, you know, oh my god, she hates me. And then like uh you know, I love me again, just do your best. Yeah. Yeah.
beautiful.
Why? Yes, and that's the thing you have to remind yourself, is that Yeah, and I would kind of take on emotions and things that weren't, it really wasn't, it wasn't me, it wasn't my trauma or whatever and I can be there to support but you know, I'm not if you fall apart of the times so so what's the weather like in Wisconsin right now? Is it pretty cold or?
of course, you
know
but of course I remember and have a lot of relatives in Iowa and I remember going to visit there and you know it would be snowing in the morning but like seventies something in the afternoon. So it was just this like total like crazy weather that you know and here it's more, I mean it's like it's in the forties, fifties here but we don't get a lot of snow and up in Spokane they get more than Portland does. Um But we're kind of, yeah we don't, it's more of a moderate but it's kind of cool when you get the complete extremes about your dress in layers so if you just start peeling them off right? Yeah.
I pre menopause, I was always cold and then after like, even though I'm just like sweating, it's like yeah, I just I just gave up but it's it's helpful because I couldn't understand why why is everyone else so hot now that I'm on the other extreme? I'm like okay, I get it, I get it. The internal internal it's like uh huh.
Party.
Yeah, I know.
Uh huh. It's
that I'm 50 now, but I had a hysterectomy and I was 37 so um and I have my ovaries so I didn't put me straight into menopause but I'm actually postmenopausal now. But yeah, those those
nights it's like an inferno, it's like I tried to explain it to my kids, I'm like it's like a volcano inside me with lava just trying to who's out, it's just that it's not like I'm hot, it's warm outside, it's
like there's a open inferno in here. It makes me compassionate. Thinking back on my mom when she had hot flashes, I'm like, I didn't get it now, I'm like, oh gosh, I so get it, You're
a saint it
I
my god, that is too
funny.
it's funny how kids pick up on, you know, on stuff,
it
just try to drench, then I need water too. Too funny. And so how old is she now?
Oh god, that's how old my young distance, he's 15 and my oldest is 31 actually 31 that account 26 18, 15. There you go to left at home and then to do that are out by But yeah, did she go to Spokane with you and she stay back she
there?
And my
yeah.
it's awesome.
Oh my gosh, I'm having fun. Huh wow, how cool is that?
You know?
why
not?
That is moral, they tell you that the universe speaks to you. There's just something about I've been a nurse for like 28 years and I so many things would happen and you know it just I'm especially good people, I find good people, there's like the connectors and good people attract good people as long as you can get the negative, like I had to get the negative out of my life to be able to get to that space. But this was yeah, wow, that is that, he was like oh there she is way
you would like
mhm
wow, that is so beautiful. And you guys have you know you guys have met to you've been able to go to Spokane and all that
stuff
That's that,
well congratulations
and help with weight and then oh my gosh, I would just be like I couldn't wait,
I've
committed
to
I
don't want to
I had
back
surgery in a month. Oh
don't get
recuperating
I
am
but
listen
nice yeah, better weather
yeah. You know, and he said he's a physical therapist, is that
Over
Oh God you ok. I thought I was thinking oh he's a physical therapist and I heard his back that's probably helpful. I I had it will be a year december 4th. I had major had a we're just my my disk just blew out in my back and so I had to have emergency surgery otherwise would be paralyzed from the waist down. So
yeah back injuries but take it and take a long time to recuperate um and now finally able to do I mean I still I'll always have problems but at least I'm able to get up and you know I can walk, I can pee sorry for the graphics.
Yeah. You know I've been able to go back to the gym a little bit so I got to look at all the positive and you know and just trying
to
No.
At the park
it
you know, you were you were just spot on and that's something I had to learn. I had back surgery before, it wasn't as severe as an injury but you know, I was like, oh hell pretty well and everything. Um and with this it's almost a year out and I can only work out in my yard really 10 minutes, five minutes at a time at first and then 10 minutes and build up and I'm more of a probably couldn't tell but more of a Taipei and and I had to really kind of like telling it back and be a type B and just not be so
hard on. Yeah
and
it's hard.
And
get your body and stress is another thing like I can tell like if I am stressed or something my my back just tightens up um um sleep and just something I'm not over doing it, but walking really helps a lot. Even if, I mean, even if it's just a little bit, as long as you don't overdo it, but it gets the, you know, trying to tell your brain, like, and I've had, you know, patients for years and talking about pain and all that well now I know chronic pain and I also have to trick my mind and thinking some of that pain is good, like, it's the nerves trying to restore. So it's a left, it's the electricity going through your body, but it's a good pain because they're at least trying to fire right?
Say
that. Yeah, yeah, because I've
had to
kind of, it is and uh
I'm
full of the
I'm
not
Yeah, yeah, they're trying to fire, they're trying to reestablish pathways. um and it's also with back pain, that's interesting because you can have, like, one day, it might be on this side the other day, it might be this side, and that's just all kind of normal if the body just trying to, you know, balance itself and, you know, I mean, you get in tune with your body enough when, you know, it's like, that's pain, because I've done too much, that's, you know, you just got to start listening to your body and, you know, and just be kind to yourself, it's just because you've been wearing it mentally for sure, you
know,
Yeah, because you're critical of yourself usually, uh probably somewhere along the line, you're somebody was critical of you, so you become critical of yourself, but it's also I was going to say, is that Mhm, I can't find what I was gonna say, It's probably a hot flash. No, it's yeah, it's definitely just different when you're in that say, oh I call it the I know what I was gonna say, I'll I've had my pity party. I called the pity party for one, right? You know, you're just feeling like well with me, blah blah blah. And so I'll ask my husband. I said I sent you an invite to my pity party. How come you didn't come? He was on that so much of that. I call it, okay, every now and then to have a pity party for one, you just don't want to stay in that pity party. You know, you gotta, you gotta like, if you start to go there, you gotta get yourself out. So Yeah.
Well,
we should really, I mean that's half the battle.
Yeah, I'm sure he appreciates spot. Sounds good, good guy,
Oh too funny. Too funny. Well congratulations, congratulations
is really cool and thank you for sharing that story with me.
Yeah that's
that
hey
babe.
Right. The necessities
Well
well and that and that's awesome because I think we all need to find out what's the positive out of all of this because we hear so much negative were thrown negative all the time um that we need to figure out what's the positive. And I've seen some really compassionate things, I've seen some pretty crappy things happen too, but I have to look at the positive and some of the compassion that's come out of it, that wasn't necessarily you know maybe maybe I wasn't is in tune with it as it should have been before and I think it gives us, we have to possibly live in this world, we're just going, boom, boom. And we did, we have to pause, take a breath in and it was kind of like a speed and drain stop. I think
here in Oregon we're now back to where we're on a freeze, like we're on a pause and we're now starting to close down again over the holidays. Um
but at least we're, how I used to it.
They
are
believed
export.
H
And slow down. I mean, I think
that's part of, you gotta slow down and pause it for a minute and I mean it made me do it to um and actually kind of grabbed him on that because I was still in my recovery with my back and I still am. But I mean just to even sit for more than 10 minutes was that I have like my whole plethora of like cushions and to sit on. But I'm a lot better now than I was then and now I'm working from home. So um at least I can have that time that I can get up and move around and not just being an office setting than you know, annoying everybody because I'm getting up every 10 minutes or something that I have the freedom to do that. So there's a lot of, I think it's really helped in my recovery, my back.
Mhm. Yeah. Well hey, that's been awesome talking to you.
What? And congratulations again, that is awesome. Tell your fiancee. I said good job.
Well you take care you have a good evening is probably what is it? Two hours ahead. There are three, it's a pretty here. Oh
8 30. Okay. Alright well enjoy your evening.
All right, take care.