SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. You know? Yeah. Mhm. Lot of everyone control Yeah. More right now. Yeah. Okay. Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello there,
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. Um This is the first time
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: I do anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: too. Okay
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: we don't have a lot of
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: guideline. Wouldn't you think that it's all about
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was reading over it looks like all we're supposed to just talk for 25 minutes. I'm not sure about what though.
SPEAKER_L: That? I think that they said that it was open ended, I'm going to start a
SPEAKER_R: 25,
SPEAKER_L: timer so that we actually do it will have 26 minutes because they said uh it's invalid if it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's less than 25. It's invalid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you I'm doing it through prolific. Is that what you're doing it through to? How did you find walks? Right.
SPEAKER_R: I found it on Reddit actually, it was on record as an option and uh started checking it out and I was like okay, I can live with this, like it's not bad because I've done other things like this and it's you don't make money. What,
SPEAKER_L: No, it's not too much about the money. It's a little bit here and there. But I find that these studies more interesting and in some spikes it was so frustrating because I without for a bunch of questions and then they say like we don't qualify, sorry,
SPEAKER_R: I had that with swag books. I sat there and I would do surveys and spent like an hour doing a survey and then the last two questions. Oh yeah, I know you don't qualify.
SPEAKER_L: that's frustrating. So I'd rather have just a little bit and and just uh make sure that I'm qualified from the beginning, I think they're pretty good at about
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: doing now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they've been pretty good so far. I was doing a before I got a prolific, I was doing close captioning on videos and stuff. Don't ever do it. It is not worth it. Thank you sit there and spend a couple hours captioning the video and then they just take it back to your like, oh no, you need to change this and this and this and this, and then you end up being like $2. So I was like, you know, I'm literally doing this just to spare change for emergency funds and things like that uh prolific has been the best so far at it, as far as making a little bit of side money to have in case of emergencies. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: this was money for sure. Uh Yeah my income is down to I rent uh spaces and everything is down right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It's been pretty rough right now. I've been fortunate enough I've been able to work throughout this entire thing, but it uh it's not worth it. Sometimes there's a lot
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: recent exposure.
SPEAKER_L: I was taking care of an older lady at her house and then her daughter moved in because she didn't have a job so I wasn't necessary anymore
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: all this will be over sometime soon. Uh
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: We don't see that. Practice, some type of normal. I don't I don't know if this is gonna be our new normal, but it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: has
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe not, we're going to be our new normal forever. I don't know, but I was talking to my sister in line, I said the funny thing is I noticed that some people like I go out walking because I get nervous so I go out walking, some people are totally by themselves like hundreds of feet away from anybody and they have a mask on and then on
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the other extreme other people are like rubbing against you and they don't have the math gone. I always keep my math like here and then if I see someone I put it up. But uh just in case.
SPEAKER_R: I take it off in the car just to be on the safe side, but I mean if I'm by myself, I don't see a reason to wear it,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: because it's not just like in the air like some kind of uh
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: science fiction right? Where everybody protected from the scores
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: mean it's like I work as a 911 dispatcher so I've uh I've had quite a few people that have come down with and have died from it, so I'm like, you know, there's so much of it being a myth or a hoax or whatever. I'm like, you know, I don't think so because I've seen it firsthand where people have gotten it and died from it, so it's like just wear your mask. It's not that hard. Just put on the mask,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: another thing about having this big conspiracy is that it's all over the world. Mhm. Like my niece has the grandmother abroad that died. So how could they being in on it together?
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: And then, you know, it's it's unfortunate too because the hospitals are having to lie about their numbers and that's what's frustrating to is, you know, someone gets in a car accident dies and their coating it as covid related. And that's just because they can't
SPEAKER_L: lot of
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: the supplies they need, they can't get the supplies they need. So they're faking the numbers so they can get the supplies that they need because they don't have them to begin with. I mean as a whole, it kind of shows a failure across the board. Like everybody's kind of messed up across the board on this, nobody was prepared for it. So now when it did happen, were, you know, looking stupid. It.
SPEAKER_L: Well I have a friend who's daughter works for the state department in uh I don't remember what the name of it is that it was about the controls, her her her function with more marketing. Well she saw that department like funded until it only had one employee. So there was it wasn't a big priority for anybody.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I think we have a humorous that that were like advanced or something. But we're just we're human so there's no amount of uh technical or advancement that renders
SPEAKER_R: They like
SPEAKER_L: us invulnerable to the nature.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think once we have a vaccine, when that day comes, everyone's like, oh, you know, you don't take the vaccine and they're just gonna mind control you. I'm like that's what I said about the flu shot, like.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh gosh. I don't know. I've gotten some baby. We're from people my cousin uh an old friend from childhood that I recently got in. She got in touch with me and I'm thinking wait a second. This is a person that is relatively um educated and uh he sent me something about the vaccine is going to target our R. N. A. Make us into robotic non emotional people that are good workers. And I'm saying there's so much bad thinking about that. First of all. Yes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We were we've made great advances in DNA but we're not that sophisticated yet that we can do that.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: And then we were totaling an emotional, we wouldn't be good workers. We would be awful workers.
SPEAKER_R: I mean if you look at it too, it's uh a lot of people are unemotional at this point, a lot of people are lacking empathy and sympathy in this day and age and that's kind of the people that we have now is all these people that don't care about their fellow man. Like it's all me, me, me, me, me and it's pathetic really to watch all these young people are so worried about themselves instead of trying to do better or people that are younger that are looking at trying to make it a better place for everybody. And you got the genetic uh millennials that are just like, oh, you know, I look out for myself. It's
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know I had 500 millennial daughter. I don't think he's like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's because I've fallen a millennial thing and it's, everyone classifies that group as just selfish and I got two kids
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: that are, you know, I got one that's very much trying to make everything better and the other one's just too, so she doesn't know yet, but I'm like, you know, if everyone just had the same mindset as a 12 year old life would be easy. It doesn't have to be the way it is. But everyone, so me, me, me, me, me and this whole covid thing has really shown that
SPEAKER_L: But I do think that goes across the old stands
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: because I've noticed, II was thinking I mean I'm 57, so I was looking at AARP for example already and what I noticed is that grandparents sometimes
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: are being
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: selfish too. Because what I'm thinking that very much about the future of their grandchildren, they're thinking about themselves
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: first. So
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I think that it's the age and it goes across it may be more in one age than the other because it's only natural, for example, teenagers are always going to be Mimi because they have to be because there is a big transition in their life and maybe that's true of older people because they're facing death. But I don't see that that anyone generation has a corner on the market of blue hell fit
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. Like I work for Medicare um years ago I worked for Medicare to call center and then I worked for the health insurance marketplace as well. And uh, one thing I noticed is you had a lot of elderly people that were just, you know, their biggest concern was make sure their medical bills are paid and that was their big thing. They wanted to make sure their bills were paid. And then when I go into the marketplace side of it, I'd have people calling, younger people calling. And I had a woman called me up one time and she was, you know, we were going through the whole process. And of course, the first start was frustrating and we're going through the whole process. And then at the end of it, I'm like, you know, she was only getting the wrong person. So I was like, you know, don't do you need an insurance for yourself? And she was like, she was gonna be real with you, I have cancer. I only got a couple of months to live. I'm just doing this to make sure my kids are taken care of when I'm gone. And I was like, you know, that's very unselfish, like that's literally woman's dying and that's what she's worried about. But then you have some of these people that will be the same age that or you know, I can't go get my hair done, I can't get my nails done and all this stuff. And it's like, you know, people in this world have bigger problems than you right now, like your hair and your nails aren't the big problem. So it's
SPEAKER_L: we heard of. I haven't done my hair at all, but it doesn't matter. It's so little.
SPEAKER_R: I went about a razor at this point, I got a for father's Day, the wife and kids got me a razor and I just started cutting myself because I was like, it's not it's not worth it doing what I do for a living to go and put somebody else in risk of getting a disease or putting myself at risk getting and giving it to the whole police department or all the firefighters and I was like I just start cutting myself, I haven't done a good job yet but I'm getting there, I'm hoping.
SPEAKER_L: well they're they're priorities obviously. Uh I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: it must be nice to.
SPEAKER_L: I guess this is a test for all of us, but
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: I know that there are people that are being uh I'm lucky. I mean I have enough and I have a good emergency fund that I've kept. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that's out
SPEAKER_L: I I see that some people have been pushed
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: to the edge because even in this suburban, I live in a suburban middle class kind
SPEAKER_R: let
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: tract house and uh I saw two homeless people.
SPEAKER_R: wait.
SPEAKER_L: I saw one girl with a giant um like uh roly roly um
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: suitcase, that was everything she had. And I saw in the park that I go part uh walk by that it's like a bike high park. I saw by sleeping with all the stuff around them. So I'm thinking, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Four.
SPEAKER_L: I guess they're looking for security. They don't want to go to the city where they get more in the city, but they're also harassed more.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Like the I know around me There was two homeless shelters ever opened and right before all this started, there was a homeless shelter for men in a homeless shelter for women and the city shut them both down so they didn't have the funding for anymore and shot them both down and then you turn around and all this happened and everybody's getting kicked out. Everyone's um suddenly doesn't have some sort of with, and it's it's really sad to see it. I mean it's it uh it kind of opened my eyes here recently, especially because I'm looking like, you know, I had an emergency fund set up, but then with the costs, everything, everything is going up in price because of all the everything that's going on. So I'm like, you know, I'm having a dip in an emergency fund to make ends meet now because I think it's time to find another profession and find someone higher paying because I'm in there, I'm in there about 42 plus hours a week, just struggling to make ends meet. So I'm like, you know what? It's noble, it's a good cause. But I got a family to take care of bills today, I gotta got food to put on the table and things. So I'm like, it's even just little things like that. It's like I told my boss says I'm like, you know, you can't make a living like this. Like I got the paperwork for my retirement And I will be 75 years old, bringing home $1,000 a month if I stay where I'm at right now. I was like, there's no way I was like thanks for the opportunity, I'm gonna start looking just so you know, so you might want to go ahead and get ready replacement. I mean even in uh even in public safety looking at like that, you know, it's everybody is defund the police and all cops are bastards and all that stuff. But then who do you call when you have problems and that? It's uh it's such a strange society we live in now. It's
SPEAKER_L: well our focus is land on it in a certain way. It depends on what we're exposed to. Everything happened, good, bad, ugly everything at once. But it's what is being shown to us and what is being shown to us all the time. It's causing us to be afraid of everything
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and and that was true of the right enough the left and of everybody there just making us afraid.
SPEAKER_R: I think uh like with the next election I've already said you know it doesn't matter who wins this next election, it really doesn't you guys whether trump wins or whether biden wins Either way, it's the person that comes after that that has to clean up the mess that's going to be the one that matters. Is it like right now the nation's torn? Everyone's divided. You got the you got the the internal civil war kind of deal going on right now and uh whoever wins, it's not gonna matter either way, it's still going to be a problem because we don't have I don't see either one of them the uniting the nation. We need somebody who's gonna step up and take the role and say look were torn, were broken, we need to be put back together
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: and whoever.
SPEAKER_L: I think most of us probably look at both extremes and find something we agree with here and something we agree. There is just a different way of looking at things. But nobody is bringing
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: gotta do,
SPEAKER_L: together that way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's all the my way or no way. Kind of mentality right now, it's really unfortunate. It really is. And uh it kind of goes back to the whole selfishness thing, you know, like there's no compromise, it's my way or no way. I want what I want and you can't have what you want and that's all there is to it. And it's a such a weird world.
SPEAKER_L: It's a fear response because they found that people are more
SPEAKER_R: all right. Yeah. Right. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: when people get beautiful they become more extreme and whatever mentality they have whether they are a traditionalist or they are like cutting edge by person that wants to change things. Uh They become more of that if they're afraid so. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I know that that that that the media outlets they're looking at the bottom line all the time but they're really irresponsible by
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: by being so uh not balanced. And they went in the way they handle things because I can
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: put on black foods and I can put on CNN and after a while I get sick of both of them.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: There's it's like cartoonish. Either somebody is like an evil person
SPEAKER_R: Exhale.
SPEAKER_L: on this side or somebody with an evil person on that side. Um They're more like, and I have I have family abroad and it's the same way and I said, hey wait a second, why not
SPEAKER_R: What? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: why not saying okay this politician or this public person is corrupt? They took a bribe or whatever that's understandable. No, they have to say they think babies for breakfast, that's not believable,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Absolutely. That's like the this whole election. Like I, you know, honestly, I don't know either. Science politics, That's all I've heard, is. one sniffs, one sniffs little girl's hair and the other one is unaltered. So I'm like, okay, so what is their viewpoints? Like, what are they gonna do? Like, the health care system, I guess
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: I work from there. Um
SPEAKER_L: frightens me. That's right. It's because everything is so expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Oh yeah. Like, I've watched the elderly people and their that are on Medicare going bankrupt and trying to figure out how they're going to pay for their medications. And I'm like, like I watched the presidential debates and when it comes down to healthcare, all I've heard so far is, well, I have a plan. What is it like, what is the plan? Like? I also tells me about the whole Medicare for all things Medicare already has, like me or you went to the hospital and we got a got a Standard procedure, $500 would be charged with us. Medicare would get that same bill, same procedure and say, no, you can only take a $25 payment for that and that's it. And that's all you're responsible for. That's all I'm responsible for is $25. But the way the health care system works now is me and you get a bill directly, $500. You're responsible for the full 500. If you just took those numbers that Medicare already has for every procedure that's possible and held the insurance companies accountable for only charging those numbers. That could save a lot of people a lot of money like I got on both sides that are diabetics, I got elderly people on both sides and I've watched this struggle and uh even now like I work for the, I work for the county and are in charge is garbage. And I'm like, you know, if there was some standard and some uniformity across the board and all you can charge me is what is acceptable across the board, then we'll be fine. But you got insurance, you got the hospitals overcharge you and me $7,000 for going in there and getting a shot. And uh they get away with it, they get away with it and they sent us a $7,000 but we're stuck with $7,000. But They they
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: don't have
SPEAKER_L: little scared because I had an incident where I got a couple
SPEAKER_R: '00
SPEAKER_L: of weeks ago food poisoning and uh I had to go in, First of all, I was scared to get covid when I was in the hospital. And then second of all, they didn't take my insurance, so I don't know what's going to happen. I haven't had a bill yet, but I'm thinking it's going to take some of my emergency fund away, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. And say we shouldn't have to live like that. That is not how we should have to live like um it just, it doesn't make any sense to me, especially as far as insurance, we should not have to live in fear of whether we're going to get our medication our next meal or rent.
SPEAKER_L: Well and you don't know more than you. I'm not, but I remember talking to a person in the office when I was getting my son's braces done and she was saying, well I called the insurance company over and over again because depending on who I get, I get a different uh response. So I'm saying what, it's so arbitrary.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. That's like my oldest, she needed braces and I went to the dental school And they were like you know if you go to an orthodontist it's gonna cost you about 20, out of pocket? I'm like yeah no that's ridiculous. Like she's a kid, she needs braces, they're like well we'll do it, you know we'll do it here if you want and a student will do it And it will be about 3000 out of pocket that you have to pay up front. I'm like what makes you think I got three grand just sitting on the side that I can be like You go take my $3,000 have a nice day. So I'm like that's part of what I'm doing prolific is to try to save that extra money for emergencies, like literally two days ago, my dishwasher just completely crapped out on me. So I was like alright cashed out and went and got that thing girl. But then that puts me back because I'm like I wasn't expecting that makes sense to come out. That was money being saved for something else. But it's uh it's always something
SPEAKER_L: my sister and she hasn't gone to the dinner for a long
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: time and uh they and my brother and she had told somebody that they had plans for and then now her mouth moves major work.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Oh yeah. I mean it's it's insane. Like a couple of years ago I had a abscessed wisdom suits and uh they were like, oh you know, needs to be removed. So I'm like all right, cool. Take it like it's right there, just take it. And I went to the clinic, they were like, well no that's outside of our realm. And they were like negotiate your search. So in the meantime, apparently got super infected and uh they put me on all kinds of medications and everything and they were like all right, come back and we'll take it out. I wasn't in that doctor's office for maybe 10 minutes and walked out with the $1300 bill. I was just like, I was like, this is insane. That was before I started working for Medicare. I was like, even then I was like, you know, something's not right here. I was like, I wasn't this guy just made like $7800 an hour For me to sit in there for 10 minutes him come in, take the tooth. And then that was then that was the end of a $1,300 gone. Like as soon as I uh as soon as I got my employer and saw they offered a dental insurance, I was like, I'll take it, Give me all the dental 100% whatever they got is now my wife, she's on my dental and she has needed major dental every single year. You know like the dental insurance help. I'm still coming out of pocket a lot interest is one of those things where if you don't take care of it now it's gonna be more later and they get the money that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they do. I don't know. Green uh did you get, did you do a survey in which they were saying like uh well this is how much a doctor all the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: all the time that he spent in his getting his degree and all the things that he has to do. So you know this
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: is a salary and then the salary of a technician and the things that they had to do to get that and whatever and it seemed reasonable, right? But when you look at the whole of society it doesn't seem reasonable. There is something all that are making way too much.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. And like this that's the thing to do. You have some doctors and some dentists and stuff that will not accept insurance because the insurance company will tell them this is all we're going to pay you and this is all the payment you're going to make for doing this and they commit money charging you and me directly instead of going through the insurance. And that's one thing that I'm seeing now too is like if you have a private insurance are private doctor more likely he's gonna don't take insurance Because he's gonna charge you $2500 for the bill. When if he had run through the insurance, it would have been $10 $15. Like I
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: had that problem, I had that problem when I went to go get a standard checkup, the doctor charged me $250 for a standard checkup and then I went and got done through the insurance and they were like, oh that's a that comes standard with your insurance, that's a free service. You don't pay for a check up every year. I'm like, he just charged me, I was like, he charged me $250 to get the free service done. No, that's because he doesn't accept insurance. I was like, okay, that makes more sense now. I was like, I got out $250 for a free service because that I'm like, that's one thing that you really got to kind of look at nowadays is is the doctor are going to take my insurance and if he isn't why I think what's his reasoning for not taking my insurance and usually it's because they can bill you directly.
SPEAKER_L: But it's because I'm it's strangled. If you go get meds, sometimes they charge you more through the insurance than not through the insurance. So what is that all about?
SPEAKER_R: That's the, well that has to do with the, the suppliers and the and the insurance. And for some reason like I saw it with Medicare to like you would have the exact same drugs, should have somebody had 10 exact same drugs. But if they went to one specific place and got one drug, it was only $10. But if they went to another place it would cost $100 and it was like that down the board. Like you would see it as you went down the line, you would see where, you know, why are these drugs cheaper here specifically and cheaper
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: Story.
SPEAKER_L: they're the same route,
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty much like the suppliers as they're getting like walmart or Rite Aid or Walgreens. Some of them are getting a better rate. So then the customers can potentially get a better rate one more
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: time with
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the $4
SPEAKER_L: Harris. No.
SPEAKER_R: That was one big thing about it was they were getting better away from their suppliers so they could afford to lower the costs and bring in more customers. But then you got somewhere that doesn't have as good relationship so they're paying more for the drugs and then charging the customer more for the drug. Yeah, it ends up we all end up paying at the end of the day instead of having one price across the board. Like if I needed uh if I needed Adderall, I should be able to go into five different places and pays the same price. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well it it it just confuses me
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: because then you know what decision to make sometimes it's luck of the draw
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I mean when you're playing with people's lives at this point you got people that can't afford their insulin or they can't afford their blood pressure medication and it's all because you want extra money. That's a that's when I take offense to the whole thing is you're literally killing people or forcing playing with their lives
SPEAKER_L: they're so far
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: away
SPEAKER_R: make
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: everything that they don't see it and what you don't see doesn't affect you. You know, this is, this is real, but you know, in every area like ceo, some ceos of major
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: companies, they get their bonuses, even when, when there's where their companies are laying off, you know, thousands of people
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Like uh when I started working for Medicare, another company had just bought us out. And they were a uh it was a government contract. So it was a weapons manufacturer that had bought the contract. And within two weeks of mind I looked it up and their stock prices soared, like their stock prices went through the roof. And then we get an email and like the three guys that were at the top of the entire company just up and quit. They were like, yeah, we're out. I was like, yeah, they got rich. I was like, they got rich in life like that.
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: blame
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: a word with vehicles.
SPEAKER_R: was like, I don't blame these guys. Like they got rich in their life. Unfortunately, they made like, you know, millions of dollars and I'm sitting over here happy to make $12 an hour and just, you know, whatever you want, boss. I was like, you know, that's a that's an interesting way to look at it. Like I've never seen that kind of situation where all right, we got paper out and you hear about it, You see it on the news and then see it in real life. It's like, okay, I can't say that blame one might probably do the same, but at the same time, you know, it's it's something you don't want to see. It doesn't put a lot of faith in the company.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know, jumping ship because there isn't really a good sense of, of, of uh
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well, you can have Yes.
SPEAKER_L: in each other anymore or of hopefulness for the future.
SPEAKER_R: it's all right.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: I think that also makes people more selfish.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely. I think we're just going to see more of it as we go along. They were gonna on these that's going to improve that, then we're just gonna keep on seeing people being people and it's an unfortunate thing to see. I loved
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you can see it in other societies. I have cousins in Australia and I have cousins in the south of South America. And uh, and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know people from some states that are failed saying states right? People get tired of being, uh, the ones that are the only ones that are paying taxes or uh you know, just seeing other people making it by being crooks and and they're like left behind. So then they end up like becoming corrupt themselves. They lose hope.
SPEAKER_R: corruption is a virus really. It just, it spreads like it starts, it starts out simple enough and it could be something small, but it grows so quickly and then it really wants to lose your humanity. It's gone, there's really no getting it back. Once you're like some people have some redeeming qualities, but overall, once you lose your humanity, it's really just done. And it's an unfortunate thing to sit back and watch a lot of people that I've known growing up that I had respect for and I'm just sitting back like I can't I came to talk to you anymore. There's just no redeeming quality left to even try to savage.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Well, I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: just feel sorry for the kids because things don't look to be better than in our life. It looks like the future is going to be worse
SPEAKER_R: Unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: in many ways.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And, you know, I've told my parents and my grandparents before, you know, I'm like, you kind of owe me an apology, but because I'm trying to leave the world a better place for my kids, but what did you all do to ever try to do anything better for us? Like, I'm like, you know, you guys like my parents, I'm like, you know, you kind of sat there and there was so much me, me, me me me mentality and then like my brothers and sisters, I see some of that and all of them and I'm like, you know you guys got the wrong mentality. It's not all about me anymore. The world as a whole is gonna need to do better and this whole, me, me, me me me mentality is not gonna gonna make things better, it's just gonna continue that uh that cycle of greed and corruption and they don't really I don't really see it that well. I work for what I got kind of doing. I'm like that's cool and you can keep what you got. I'm not saying take away what you've earned. I'm saying share the wealth. Like if you've got something extra, you got extra time volunteer, if you've got extra money donate, like it's not that hard, you don't have to sit there and hold on to everything forever. Like a lot of the time I'll, I said there in a portion of what I make often doing little things like prolific. I'll donate to different charities just because you know, it's, it's a little bit extra that I have that I can get. Like, it's not much but it's something, but
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: if I
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: hold on.
SPEAKER_L: my command at all. It's really commendable. I think it depends on how scared a person is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's at the end of the day, like if I needed it, like if I was in need, luckily at this point I haven't needed extra help really government wise or anything. So I'm like at the end of the day, if I needed it in the future, I would like for it to be there and I would like for someone like me to contribute and to try to keep the funds going for it. Uh I don't need it right now and I got a little bit extra on the side. So I'm, I'll donate a certain amount or if or uh, if my kids do something and do some work and some pork our money or something. I tell them, you know, maybe take a dollar or two and just, you know, donate it somewhere. Like there's plenty of places nowadays where you can look and see a homeless person buy him a cheeseburger, you
SPEAKER_L: You have
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: to be careful that you donated to a place that actually uses most of their money for their purpose and not for themselves. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Absolutely. Yeah. I got, uh, I mean their kids, all they want is toys and makeup and I'm just like, you know, there's nothing wrong with that. I remember being a kid too and wanting to toys and makeup and things, but you know, it's, it's uh, it's kind of, to me, it's an empathy thing and it's a humanity thing. If you see someone doing worse than you don't step over him and say hey go get a job mom, you try to give them a little boost because that in this day and age I could be you sitting on side of road next.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I have my simple autism and uh, you know, some people can't tell there are people that that have challenges that aren't necessarily right there in your face. You know? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Well that
SPEAKER_L: There are
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: lots
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: of people with PTSD there, you know, it's not a physical thing. I remember volunteering at a church and I couldn't one time one guy wanted to fleet there and I said, I can't because the church doesn't let me, they don't have the insurance and also the numbers a little complaint if something like that happens. And he was telling me, you know, because I'm I want a minority.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: And I'm a guy. Everybody looks at me and says, you're fine, why aren't you working? But we had a series of things go wrong and can fly. And then he couldn't keep once you're there,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: couldn't keep a job.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I mean that happens a lot.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: It happens more equipment.
SPEAKER_L: somebody said, you know, we can't help it as human beings judging each other because that's the way we are. Uh but we can't take our judgments too seriously because we don't know like the american indians used to say we didn't walk in their moccasins, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's uh you know it's one of those things where if you take a moment you walk, take a walk in somebody else's shoes, there's not too much that that separates us really, the biggest separating factor that we have, it really comes down to money. Like money is our biggest division. Like no matter how well educated you are, no matter how much you have, you know And uh there are some people that you know, they're born rich, they're born into the money, they inherit the money. Uh and I know that like my parents weren't bridge, they didn't have money and I'm not gonna inherit anything once they're gone and uh I'm okay with that at the same time with my kids, I'm like you know uh can't take the Bill Gates approach to it. You need to work for yourself and earn what you want, but you need to earn the money yourself instead of waiting around for someone to hand it to like you've got to really if you want something, you gotta go out and get it. But it's what are you capable of doing to get to that point, You know? And sometimes that includes you know uh get back to the corruption thing. Some people will see that and to hear that and say something. You know? Well when we get to the top is seven people's throats and then the corruption cycle continues all over again. So finding that balance of I want to earn what I get and deserve what I get and I want to earn what I get respectively versus well, who do I have to screw over to get what I want? And that's uh
SPEAKER_L: And in a way that is healing and and that Lincoln's in them, the idea that you have to be a human being first.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Actually I'm gonna get ready to head out of here in a second. Looks like my youngest one just broke up.
SPEAKER_L: Now, what is the protocol here? I don't remember reading
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you just say goodbye and you go back to the prolific site or uh what platform are we even on? Is this like like zoom or?
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea honestly. Um
SPEAKER_L: because it was just
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: click on this, I
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: click on this link. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: we want to be accepted here. There's a, it looks like on the page they had to link to your instructions. There's a next button. Let's see.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: we just we just uh we don't have to stop this. We can just uh exit out.
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Hopefully it won't
SPEAKER_R: Let me
SPEAKER_L: continue
SPEAKER_R: see here.
SPEAKER_L: work running in on our computers.
SPEAKER_R: There's no telling. Uh let me see. I'm going through the little survey something now and Uh
SPEAKER_L: Do we not close this
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: and go to the survey now? What
SPEAKER_R: like uh
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: looking
SPEAKER_L: of task?
SPEAKER_R: over it, you just have to talk for 25 minutes
SPEAKER_L: Your conversation?
SPEAKER_R: and then go from
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: did that. Mm. So you hit next with that path still open and says, how was your technical
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: quality? Okay. Uh, and it continues. I guess it said that it's going to do 30 minutes of questions. We're well, there's no way of like breathing it or stopping it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh let's see here. I think our only option is to exit out. It
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: have a wonderful day.
SPEAKER_R: have a good day. It was nice to meet you. It was a good conversation.
SPEAKER_L: meeting you
SPEAKER_R: You have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: there. And, and, and I hope your family.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: it stays healthy and everything goes well for you all.
SPEAKER_R: I think absolutely same to you as well. I hope everything comes out. Well you have a good dad.