Hello there,
are you?
Me
too. Okay
to
know.
Yeah, I was reading over it looks like all we're supposed to just talk for 25 minutes. I'm not sure about what though.
25,
it's less than 25. It's invalid.
I found it on Reddit actually, it was on record as an option and uh started checking it out and I was like okay, I can live with this, like it's not bad because I've done other things like this and it's you don't make money. What,
I had that with swag books. I sat there and I would do surveys and spent like an hour doing a survey and then the last two questions. Oh yeah, I know you don't qualify.
Absolutely.
Yeah, they've been pretty good so far. I was doing a before I got a prolific, I was doing close captioning on videos and stuff. Don't ever do it. It is not worth it. Thank you sit there and spend a couple hours captioning the video and then they just take it back to your like, oh no, you need to change this and this and this and this, and then you end up being like $2. So I was like, you know, I'm literally doing this just to spare change for emergency funds and things like that uh prolific has been the best so far at it, as far as making a little bit of side money to have in case of emergencies. Yeah,
yeah. It's been pretty rough right now. I've been fortunate enough I've been able to work throughout this entire thing, but it uh it's not worth it. Sometimes there's a lot
of
recent exposure.
Hopefully
all this will be over sometime soon. Uh
We don't see that. Practice, some type of normal. I don't I don't know if this is gonna be our new normal, but it
has
not.
All
I take it off in the car just to be on the safe side, but I mean if I'm by myself, I don't see a reason to wear it,
thanks.
I
I
mean it's like I work as a 911 dispatcher so I've uh I've had quite a few people that have come down with and have died from it, so I'm like, you know, there's so much of it being a myth or a hoax or whatever. I'm like, you know, I don't think so because I've seen it firsthand where people have gotten it and died from it, so it's like just wear your mask. It's not that hard. Just put on the mask,
that
Absolutely.
And then, you know, it's it's unfortunate too because the hospitals are having to lie about their numbers and that's what's frustrating to is, you know, someone gets in a car accident dies and their coating it as covid related. And that's just because they can't
get
the supplies they need, they can't get the supplies they need. So they're faking the numbers so they can get the supplies that they need because they don't have them to begin with. I mean as a whole, it kind of shows a failure across the board. Like everybody's kind of messed up across the board on this, nobody was prepared for it. So now when it did happen, were, you know, looking stupid. It.
No.
They like
Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think once we have a vaccine, when that day comes, everyone's like, oh, you know, you don't take the vaccine and they're just gonna mind control you. I'm like that's what I said about the flu shot, like.
Mhm.
And
I mean if you look at it too, it's uh a lot of people are unemotional at this point, a lot of people are lacking empathy and sympathy in this day and age and that's kind of the people that we have now is all these people that don't care about their fellow man. Like it's all me, me, me, me, me and it's pathetic really to watch all these young people are so worried about themselves instead of trying to do better or people that are younger that are looking at trying to make it a better place for everybody. And you got the genetic uh millennials that are just like, oh, you know, I look out for myself. It's
it's because I've fallen a millennial thing and it's, everyone classifies that group as just selfish and I got two kids
that are, you know, I got one that's very much trying to make everything better and the other one's just too, so she doesn't know yet, but I'm like, you know, if everyone just had the same mindset as a 12 year old life would be easy. It doesn't have to be the way it is. But everyone, so me, me, me, me, me and this whole covid thing has really shown that
and
thank you.
What?
Thank
you.
absolutely. Like I work for Medicare um years ago I worked for Medicare to call center and then I worked for the health insurance marketplace as well. And uh, one thing I noticed is you had a lot of elderly people that were just, you know, their biggest concern was make sure their medical bills are paid and that was their big thing. They wanted to make sure their bills were paid. And then when I go into the marketplace side of it, I'd have people calling, younger people calling. And I had a woman called me up one time and she was, you know, we were going through the whole process. And of course, the first start was frustrating and we're going through the whole process. And then at the end of it, I'm like, you know, she was only getting the wrong person. So I was like, you know, don't do you need an insurance for yourself? And she was like, she was gonna be real with you, I have cancer. I only got a couple of months to live. I'm just doing this to make sure my kids are taken care of when I'm gone. And I was like, you know, that's very unselfish, like that's literally woman's dying and that's what she's worried about. But then you have some of these people that will be the same age that or you know, I can't go get my hair done, I can't get my nails done and all this stuff. And it's like, you know, people in this world have bigger problems than you right now, like your hair and your nails aren't the big problem. So it's
I went about a razor at this point, I got a for father's Day, the wife and kids got me a razor and I just started cutting myself because I was like, it's not it's not worth it doing what I do for a living to go and put somebody else in risk of getting a disease or putting myself at risk getting and giving it to the whole police department or all the firefighters and I was like I just start cutting myself, I haven't done a good job yet but I'm getting there, I'm hoping.
it must be nice to.
Absolutely.
Yeah,
that's out
there
let
me
wait.
I don't
Four.
Absolutely. Like the I know around me There was two homeless shelters ever opened and right before all this started, there was a homeless shelter for men in a homeless shelter for women and the city shut them both down so they didn't have the funding for anymore and shot them both down and then you turn around and all this happened and everybody's getting kicked out. Everyone's um suddenly doesn't have some sort of with, and it's it's really sad to see it. I mean it's it uh it kind of opened my eyes here recently, especially because I'm looking like, you know, I had an emergency fund set up, but then with the costs, everything, everything is going up in price because of all the everything that's going on. So I'm like, you know, I'm having a dip in an emergency fund to make ends meet now because I think it's time to find another profession and find someone higher paying because I'm in there, I'm in there about 42 plus hours a week, just struggling to make ends meet. So I'm like, you know what? It's noble, it's a good cause. But I got a family to take care of bills today, I gotta got food to put on the table and things. So I'm like, it's even just little things like that. It's like I told my boss says I'm like, you know, you can't make a living like this. Like I got the paperwork for my retirement And I will be 75 years old, bringing home $1,000 a month if I stay where I'm at right now. I was like, there's no way I was like thanks for the opportunity, I'm gonna start looking just so you know, so you might want to go ahead and get ready replacement. I mean even in uh even in public safety looking at like that, you know, it's everybody is defund the police and all cops are bastards and all that stuff. But then who do you call when you have problems and that? It's uh it's such a strange society we live in now. It's
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
I think uh like with the next election I've already said you know it doesn't matter who wins this next election, it really doesn't you guys whether trump wins or whether biden wins Either way, it's the person that comes after that that has to clean up the mess that's going to be the one that matters. Is it like right now the nation's torn? Everyone's divided. You got the you got the the internal civil war kind of deal going on right now and uh whoever wins, it's not gonna matter either way, it's still going to be a problem because we don't have I don't see either one of them the uniting the nation. We need somebody who's gonna step up and take the role and say look were torn, were broken, we need to be put back together
and whoever.
I
gotta do,
Yeah. It's all the my way or no way. Kind of mentality right now, it's really unfortunate. It really is. And uh it kind of goes back to the whole selfishness thing, you know, like there's no compromise, it's my way or no way. I want what I want and you can't have what you want and that's all there is to it. And it's a such a weird world.
all right. Yeah. Right. Okay.
No.
I
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Exhale.
What? Okay.
Mhm. Absolutely. That's like the this whole election. Like I, you know, honestly, I don't know either. Science politics, That's all I've heard, is. one sniffs, one sniffs little girl's hair and the other one is unaltered. So I'm like, okay, so what is their viewpoints? Like, what are they gonna do? Like, the health care system, I guess
I work from there. Um
Yes. Oh yeah. Like, I've watched the elderly people and their that are on Medicare going bankrupt and trying to figure out how they're going to pay for their medications. And I'm like, like I watched the presidential debates and when it comes down to healthcare, all I've heard so far is, well, I have a plan. What is it like, what is the plan? Like? I also tells me about the whole Medicare for all things Medicare already has, like me or you went to the hospital and we got a got a Standard procedure, $500 would be charged with us. Medicare would get that same bill, same procedure and say, no, you can only take a $25 payment for that and that's it. And that's all you're responsible for. That's all I'm responsible for is $25. But the way the health care system works now is me and you get a bill directly, $500. You're responsible for the full 500. If you just took those numbers that Medicare already has for every procedure that's possible and held the insurance companies accountable for only charging those numbers. That could save a lot of people a lot of money like I got on both sides that are diabetics, I got elderly people on both sides and I've watched this struggle and uh even now like I work for the, I work for the county and are in charge is garbage. And I'm like, you know, if there was some standard and some uniformity across the board and all you can charge me is what is acceptable across the board, then we'll be fine. But you got insurance, you got the hospitals overcharge you and me $7,000 for going in there and getting a shot. And uh they get away with it, they get away with it and they sent us a $7,000 but we're stuck with $7,000. But They they
don't have
'00
Oh yeah. And say we shouldn't have to live like that. That is not how we should have to live like um it just, it doesn't make any sense to me, especially as far as insurance, we should not have to live in fear of whether we're going to get our medication our next meal or rent.
yeah. That's like my oldest, she needed braces and I went to the dental school And they were like you know if you go to an orthodontist it's gonna cost you about 20, out of pocket? I'm like yeah no that's ridiculous. Like she's a kid, she needs braces, they're like well we'll do it, you know we'll do it here if you want and a student will do it And it will be about 3000 out of pocket that you have to pay up front. I'm like what makes you think I got three grand just sitting on the side that I can be like You go take my $3,000 have a nice day. So I'm like that's part of what I'm doing prolific is to try to save that extra money for emergencies, like literally two days ago, my dishwasher just completely crapped out on me. So I was like alright cashed out and went and got that thing girl. But then that puts me back because I'm like I wasn't expecting that makes sense to come out. That was money being saved for something else. But it's uh it's always something
it
okay. Oh yeah. I mean it's it's insane. Like a couple of years ago I had a abscessed wisdom suits and uh they were like, oh you know, needs to be removed. So I'm like all right, cool. Take it like it's right there, just take it. And I went to the clinic, they were like, well no that's outside of our realm. And they were like negotiate your search. So in the meantime, apparently got super infected and uh they put me on all kinds of medications and everything and they were like all right, come back and we'll take it out. I wasn't in that doctor's office for maybe 10 minutes and walked out with the $1300 bill. I was just like, I was like, this is insane. That was before I started working for Medicare. I was like, even then I was like, you know, something's not right here. I was like, I wasn't this guy just made like $7800 an hour For me to sit in there for 10 minutes him come in, take the tooth. And then that was then that was the end of a $1,300 gone. Like as soon as I uh as soon as I got my employer and saw they offered a dental insurance, I was like, I'll take it, Give me all the dental 100% whatever they got is now my wife, she's on my dental and she has needed major dental every single year. You know like the dental insurance help. I'm still coming out of pocket a lot interest is one of those things where if you don't take care of it now it's gonna be more later and they get the money that's for sure.
What?
Well.
Absolutely. And like this that's the thing to do. You have some doctors and some dentists and stuff that will not accept insurance because the insurance company will tell them this is all we're going to pay you and this is all the payment you're going to make for doing this and they commit money charging you and me directly instead of going through the insurance. And that's one thing that I'm seeing now too is like if you have a private insurance are private doctor more likely he's gonna don't take insurance Because he's gonna charge you $2500 for the bill. When if he had run through the insurance, it would have been $10 $15. Like I
had that problem, I had that problem when I went to go get a standard checkup, the doctor charged me $250 for a standard checkup and then I went and got done through the insurance and they were like, oh that's a that comes standard with your insurance, that's a free service. You don't pay for a check up every year. I'm like, he just charged me, I was like, he charged me $250 to get the free service done. No, that's because he doesn't accept insurance. I was like, okay, that makes more sense now. I was like, I got out $250 for a free service because that I'm like, that's one thing that you really got to kind of look at nowadays is is the doctor are going to take my insurance and if he isn't why I think what's his reasoning for not taking my insurance and usually it's because they can bill you directly.
That's the, well that has to do with the, the suppliers and the and the insurance. And for some reason like I saw it with Medicare to like you would have the exact same drugs, should have somebody had 10 exact same drugs. But if they went to one specific place and got one drug, it was only $10. But if they went to another place it would cost $100 and it was like that down the board. Like you would see it as you went down the line, you would see where, you know, why are these drugs cheaper here specifically and cheaper
here.
Story.
it's pretty much like the suppliers as they're getting like walmart or Rite Aid or Walgreens. Some of them are getting a better rate. So then the customers can potentially get a better rate one more
time with
the $4
That was one big thing about it was they were getting better away from their suppliers so they could afford to lower the costs and bring in more customers. But then you got somewhere that doesn't have as good relationship so they're paying more for the drugs and then charging the customer more for the drug. Yeah, it ends up we all end up paying at the end of the day instead of having one price across the board. Like if I needed uh if I needed Adderall, I should be able to go into five different places and pays the same price. Oh
yeah. It's
Uh huh. I mean when you're playing with people's lives at this point you got people that can't afford their insulin or they can't afford their blood pressure medication and it's all because you want extra money. That's a that's when I take offense to the whole thing is you're literally killing people or forcing playing with their lives
to
make
our
He
Oh yeah. Like uh when I started working for Medicare, another company had just bought us out. And they were a uh it was a government contract. So it was a weapons manufacturer that had bought the contract. And within two weeks of mind I looked it up and their stock prices soared, like their stock prices went through the roof. And then we get an email and like the three guys that were at the top of the entire company just up and quit. They were like, yeah, we're out. I was like, yeah, they got rich. I was like, they got rich in life like that.
I don't
blame
me.
I
was like, I don't blame these guys. Like they got rich in their life. Unfortunately, they made like, you know, millions of dollars and I'm sitting over here happy to make $12 an hour and just, you know, whatever you want, boss. I was like, you know, that's a that's an interesting way to look at it. Like I've never seen that kind of situation where all right, we got paper out and you hear about it, You see it on the news and then see it in real life. It's like, okay, I can't say that blame one might probably do the same, but at the same time, you know, it's it's something you don't want to see. It doesn't put a lot of faith in the company.
Right. Well, you can have Yes.
it's all right.
Absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely. I think we're just going to see more of it as we go along. They were gonna on these that's going to improve that, then we're just gonna keep on seeing people being people and it's an unfortunate thing to see. I loved
it.
Yeah.
corruption is a virus really. It just, it spreads like it starts, it starts out simple enough and it could be something small, but it grows so quickly and then it really wants to lose your humanity. It's gone, there's really no getting it back. Once you're like some people have some redeeming qualities, but overall, once you lose your humanity, it's really just done. And it's an unfortunate thing to sit back and watch a lot of people that I've known growing up that I had respect for and I'm just sitting back like I can't I came to talk to you anymore. There's just no redeeming quality left to even try to savage.
All
Unfortunately.
Yeah. And, you know, I've told my parents and my grandparents before, you know, I'm like, you kind of owe me an apology, but because I'm trying to leave the world a better place for my kids, but what did you all do to ever try to do anything better for us? Like, I'm like, you know, you guys like my parents, I'm like, you know, you kind of sat there and there was so much me, me, me me me mentality and then like my brothers and sisters, I see some of that and all of them and I'm like, you know you guys got the wrong mentality. It's not all about me anymore. The world as a whole is gonna need to do better and this whole, me, me, me me me mentality is not gonna gonna make things better, it's just gonna continue that uh that cycle of greed and corruption and they don't really I don't really see it that well. I work for what I got kind of doing. I'm like that's cool and you can keep what you got. I'm not saying take away what you've earned. I'm saying share the wealth. Like if you've got something extra, you got extra time volunteer, if you've got extra money donate, like it's not that hard, you don't have to sit there and hold on to everything forever. Like a lot of the time I'll, I said there in a portion of what I make often doing little things like prolific. I'll donate to different charities just because you know, it's, it's a little bit extra that I have that I can get. Like, it's not much but it's something, but
if I
hold on.
Yeah. I mean it's at the end of the day, like if I needed it, like if I was in need, luckily at this point I haven't needed extra help really government wise or anything. So I'm like at the end of the day, if I needed it in the future, I would like for it to be there and I would like for someone like me to contribute and to try to keep the funds going for it. Uh I don't need it right now and I got a little bit extra on the side. So I'm, I'll donate a certain amount or if or uh, if my kids do something and do some work and some pork our money or something. I tell them, you know, maybe take a dollar or two and just, you know, donate it somewhere. Like there's plenty of places nowadays where you can look and see a homeless person buy him a cheeseburger, you
know.
Uh huh. Absolutely. Yeah. I got, uh, I mean their kids, all they want is toys and makeup and I'm just like, you know, there's nothing wrong with that. I remember being a kid too and wanting to toys and makeup and things, but you know, it's, it's uh, it's kind of, to me, it's an empathy thing and it's a humanity thing. If you see someone doing worse than you don't step over him and say hey go get a job mom, you try to give them a little boost because that in this day and age I could be you sitting on side of road next.
Well that
is
it.
What?
Thank
you.
Okay. Yeah, I mean that happens a lot.
It happens more equipment.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's uh you know it's one of those things where if you take a moment you walk, take a walk in somebody else's shoes, there's not too much that that separates us really, the biggest separating factor that we have, it really comes down to money. Like money is our biggest division. Like no matter how well educated you are, no matter how much you have, you know And uh there are some people that you know, they're born rich, they're born into the money, they inherit the money. Uh and I know that like my parents weren't bridge, they didn't have money and I'm not gonna inherit anything once they're gone and uh I'm okay with that at the same time with my kids, I'm like you know uh can't take the Bill Gates approach to it. You need to work for yourself and earn what you want, but you need to earn the money yourself instead of waiting around for someone to hand it to like you've got to really if you want something, you gotta go out and get it. But it's what are you capable of doing to get to that point, You know? And sometimes that includes you know uh get back to the corruption thing. Some people will see that and to hear that and say something. You know? Well when we get to the top is seven people's throats and then the corruption cycle continues all over again. So finding that balance of I want to earn what I get and deserve what I get and I want to earn what I get respectively versus well, who do I have to screw over to get what I want? And that's uh
Oh yeah. Actually I'm gonna get ready to head out of here in a second. Looks like my youngest one just broke up.
What?
I have no idea honestly. Um
I think
I think
we want to be accepted here. There's a, it looks like on the page they had to link to your instructions. There's a next button. Let's see.
I think
so.
Let me
see here.
There's no telling. Uh let me see. I'm going through the little survey something now and Uh
I'm
like uh
looking
over it, you just have to talk for 25 minutes
and then go from
there.
man.
Yeah. Oh let's see here. I think our only option is to exit out. It
was
have a good day. It was nice to meet you. It was a good conversation.
You have a good one.
No. Yeah
I think absolutely same to you as well. I hope everything comes out. Well you have a good dad.