Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. You know? Yeah. Mhm. Lot of everyone control Yeah. More right now. Yeah. Okay. Hello? Mhm.
Hi.
I'm good. Um This is the first time
I do anything like that.
So
we don't have a lot of
guideline. Wouldn't you think that it's all about
That? I think that they said that it was open ended, I'm going to start a
timer so that we actually do it will have 26 minutes because they said uh it's invalid if it. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you I'm doing it through prolific. Is that what you're doing it through to? How did you find walks? Right.
No, it's not too much about the money. It's a little bit here and there. But I find that these studies more interesting and in some spikes it was so frustrating because I without for a bunch of questions and then they say like we don't qualify, sorry,
that's frustrating. So I'd rather have just a little bit and and just uh make sure that I'm qualified from the beginning, I think they're pretty good at about
doing now.
this was money for sure. Uh Yeah my income is down to I rent uh spaces and everything is down right,
I
was
I was taking care of an older lady at her house and then her daughter moved in because she didn't have a job so I wasn't necessary anymore
and
know.
I
know.
Maybe not, we're going to be our new normal forever. I don't know, but I was talking to my sister in line, I said the funny thing is I noticed that some people like I go out walking because I get nervous so I go out walking, some people are totally by themselves like hundreds of feet away from anybody and they have a mask on and then on
the other extreme other people are like rubbing against you and they don't have the math gone. I always keep my math like here and then if I see someone I put it up. But uh just in case.
No
because it's not just like in the air like some kind of uh
science fiction right? Where everybody protected from the scores
or whatever.
Well
another thing about having this big conspiracy is that it's all over the world. Mhm. Like my niece has the grandmother abroad that died. So how could they being in on it together?
You know
lot of
money.
Well I have a friend who's daughter works for the state department in uh I don't remember what the name of it is that it was about the controls, her her her function with more marketing. Well she saw that department like funded until it only had one employee. So there was it wasn't a big priority for anybody.
I think we have a humorous that that were like advanced or something. But we're just we're human so there's no amount of uh technical or advancement that renders
us invulnerable to the nature.
Mhm. Oh gosh. I don't know. I've gotten some baby. We're from people my cousin uh an old friend from childhood that I recently got in. She got in touch with me and I'm thinking wait a second. This is a person that is relatively um educated and uh he sent me something about the vaccine is going to target our R. N. A. Make us into robotic non emotional people that are good workers. And I'm saying there's so much bad thinking about that. First of all. Yes. Okay.
We were we've made great advances in DNA but we're not that sophisticated yet that we can do that.
And then we were totaling an emotional, we wouldn't be good workers. We would be awful workers.
I didn't know I had 500 millennial daughter. I don't think he's like that. Mhm.
Well,
But I do think that goes across the old stands
because I've noticed, II was thinking I mean I'm 57, so I was looking at AARP for example already and what I noticed is that grandparents sometimes
are being
selfish too. Because what I'm thinking that very much about the future of their grandchildren, they're thinking about themselves
first. So
I think that it's the age and it goes across it may be more in one age than the other because it's only natural, for example, teenagers are always going to be Mimi because they have to be because there is a big transition in their life and maybe that's true of older people because they're facing death. But I don't see that that anyone generation has a corner on the market of blue hell fit
we heard of. I haven't done my hair at all, but it doesn't matter. It's so little.
well they're they're priorities obviously. Uh I don't know,
I guess this is a test for all of us, but
I know that there are people that are being uh I'm lucky. I mean I have enough and I have a good emergency fund that I've kept. Mhm.
But
I I see that some people have been pushed
to the edge because even in this suburban, I live in a suburban middle class kind
of
tract house and uh I saw two homeless people.
I saw one girl with a giant um like uh roly roly um
suitcase, that was everything she had. And I saw in the park that I go part uh walk by that it's like a bike high park. I saw by sleeping with all the stuff around them. So I'm thinking, wow.
I guess they're looking for security. They don't want to go to the city where they get more in the city, but they're also harassed more.
well our focus is land on it in a certain way. It depends on what we're exposed to. Everything happened, good, bad, ugly everything at once. But it's what is being shown to us and what is being shown to us all the time. It's causing us to be afraid of everything
and and that was true of the right enough the left and of everybody there just making us afraid.
Well,
I think most of us probably look at both extremes and find something we agree with here and something we agree. There is just a different way of looking at things. But nobody is bringing
people
together that way.
It's a fear response because they found that people are more
when people get beautiful they become more extreme and whatever mentality they have whether they are a traditionalist or they are like cutting edge by person that wants to change things. Uh They become more of that if they're afraid so. I don't know.
I know that that that that the media outlets they're looking at the bottom line all the time but they're really irresponsible by
by being so uh not balanced. And they went in the way they handle things because I can
put on black foods and I can put on CNN and after a while I get sick of both of them.
There's it's like cartoonish. Either somebody is like an evil person
on this side or somebody with an evil person on that side. Um They're more like, and I have I have family abroad and it's the same way and I said, hey wait a second, why not
why not saying okay this politician or this public person is corrupt? They took a bribe or whatever that's understandable. No, they have to say they think babies for breakfast, that's not believable,
That
frightens me. That's right. It's because everything is so expensive.
I'm
little scared because I had an incident where I got a couple
of weeks ago food poisoning and uh I had to go in, First of all, I was scared to get covid when I was in the hospital. And then second of all, they didn't take my insurance, so I don't know what's going to happen. I haven't had a bill yet, but I'm thinking it's going to take some of my emergency fund away, you know?
Well and you don't know more than you. I'm not, but I remember talking to a person in the office when I was getting my son's braces done and she was saying, well I called the insurance company over and over again because depending on who I get, I get a different uh response. So I'm saying what, it's so arbitrary.
my sister and she hasn't gone to the dinner for a long
time and uh they and my brother and she had told somebody that they had plans for and then now her mouth moves major work.
Yeah they do. I don't know. Green uh did you get, did you do a survey in which they were saying like uh well this is how much a doctor all the
all the time that he spent in his getting his degree and all the things that he has to do. So you know this
is a salary and then the salary of a technician and the things that they had to do to get that and whatever and it seemed reasonable, right? But when you look at the whole of society it doesn't seem reasonable. There is something all that are making way too much.
Hello?
But it's because I'm it's strangled. If you go get meds, sometimes they charge you more through the insurance than not through the insurance. So what is that all about?
Well
when
they're the same route,
thank
you
Harris. No.
Uh Well it it it just confuses me
because then you know what decision to make sometimes it's luck of the draw
they're so far
away
from
everything that they don't see it and what you don't see doesn't affect you. You know, this is, this is real, but you know, in every area like ceo, some ceos of major
companies, they get their bonuses, even when, when there's where their companies are laying off, you know, thousands of people
now
they
don't
have
a word with vehicles.
Yeah, I don't know, jumping ship because there isn't really a good sense of, of, of uh
in each other anymore or of hopefulness for the future.
So
I think that also makes people more selfish.
and
you can see it in other societies. I have cousins in Australia and I have cousins in the south of South America. And uh, and
I know people from some states that are failed saying states right? People get tired of being, uh, the ones that are the only ones that are paying taxes or uh you know, just seeing other people making it by being crooks and and they're like left behind. So then they end up like becoming corrupt themselves. They lose hope.
I don't know. Well, I
just feel sorry for the kids because things don't look to be better than in our life. It looks like the future is going to be worse
in many ways.
Well,
that's
my command at all. It's really commendable. I think it depends on how scared a person is.
You have
to be careful that you donated to a place that actually uses most of their money for their purpose and not for themselves. Of course.
Well, I have my simple autism and uh, you know, some people can't tell there are people that that have challenges that aren't necessarily right there in your face. You know? Uh
There are
lots
of people with PTSD there, you know, it's not a physical thing. I remember volunteering at a church and I couldn't one time one guy wanted to fleet there and I said, I can't because the church doesn't let me, they don't have the insurance and also the numbers a little complaint if something like that happens. And he was telling me, you know, because I'm I want a minority.
And I'm a guy. Everybody looks at me and says, you're fine, why aren't you working? But we had a series of things go wrong and can fly. And then he couldn't keep once you're there,
he
couldn't keep a job.
So
somebody said, you know, we can't help it as human beings judging each other because that's the way we are. Uh but we can't take our judgments too seriously because we don't know like the american indians used to say we didn't walk in their moccasins, right?
And in a way that is healing and and that Lincoln's in them, the idea that you have to be a human being first.
Now, what is the protocol here? I don't remember reading
you just say goodbye and you go back to the prolific site or uh what platform are we even on? Is this like like zoom or?
because it was just
click on this, I
click on this link. Uh huh.
So
we just we just uh we don't have to stop this. We can just uh exit out.
Okay. Hopefully it won't
continue
work running in on our computers.
Do we not close this
and go to the survey now? What
kind
of task?
Your conversation?
We
did that. Mm. So you hit next with that path still open and says, how was your technical
quality? Okay. Uh, and it continues. I guess it said that it's going to do 30 minutes of questions. We're well, there's no way of like breathing it or stopping it.
Well,
have a wonderful day.
meeting you
there. And, and, and I hope your family.
it stays healthy and everything goes well for you all.