SPEAKER_L: All right. Okay. Cool. Okay. Yeah. Why? Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Got you. Yeah. Um Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Stupid. Yeah. The treatment. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Through what? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. To come, it ain't looking good sport. Mhm. So he can Yeah. Okay. Hey, there you go.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: correct. I'm good, how are you,
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you can hear me?
SPEAKER_L: How are you
SPEAKER_R: Ah I'm doing okay, how
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh where am I?
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry
SPEAKER_L: ask you how you are? But then I went to where are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: thank you for explaining, I was a little bit confused. Um
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in indiana, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh New Jersey but
SPEAKER_R: Oh Jersey Nice. I haven't been to Jersey
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: through Jersey in a long time.
SPEAKER_L: you were not you you're you're from indiana together.
SPEAKER_R: Um I was born in north Carolina and I lived in new york for quite a while, yep.
SPEAKER_L: It's not even you say driving a Jersey.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Everybody everybody's opinion in New Jersey. You know like there's actually nice areas in New Jersey, but everybody just sees like the turnpike and like all that industrial stuff that just formed so many people's opinions of the group. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I I haven't really gotten ever gotten a chance to really explore it but I've seen a couple of nice parts but most of the time it's been driving um to and from uh new york and florida. So a lot of the states on the east coast, I've just been through just
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: four or 56 times.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I used to go down for a lot to family lived down there. Yeah, I know. It's funny like just quickly say Jersey, you know, I used to always say to people, you know, for the Jersey Shore, but then they had that show the Jersey Shore which
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: ruled my whole sure thing. You know, it's like, like I can't win. That chris is just screwed. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we're about something Or did you go,
SPEAKER_R: Well actually move there eventually.
SPEAKER_L: oh, you did
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah so from north Carolina, new york florida indiana in florida I lived in Ocala in Marion county.
SPEAKER_L: okay for this. Yeah. I grew up for a while, Part a bureau beach where the, where the Dodgers spring train. Uh, right. Hello. Let's see. It's above jupiter, but uh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not like me now.
SPEAKER_R: I, I think I, I think I know where you're talking about. I just haven't been there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Far as all over the question,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's actually a lot of places that uh I feel like I missed out on a lot of florida. I've only ever been to, You know, I've been to ST Augustine Daytona Orlando. Um Like fort Lauderdale in Tampa and and some some springs and stuff like that. But I haven't really been to any of the like really nice beaches that everyone talks about it. Like I missed all those.
SPEAKER_L: Is you're gonna mind beach like South Beach?
SPEAKER_R: No, I never even made us Miami beach.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Yeah. And also one of the best place in florida in my opinion, is the florida keys. Who are the keys? But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I never made it to the keys.
SPEAKER_L: these are just awesome in Key West in particular is just a really fun place. I just like the whole vibe with very much. Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: um I'd actually love to go to get some uh like real key lime pie. Like one thing I miss about florida is getting is like an actual actual key lime pie. Um and it's just, it just does not exist here, you cannot
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: get key lime pie here
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: or or like guavas, you can't get like guava and like others other kinds of fruit, you just just doesn't exist.
SPEAKER_L: Could you make it?
SPEAKER_R: Could I make, could I make you limp? Oh uh yeah, I could certainly make it actually ended up bringing back some key limes from florida to uh indiana last time I traveled there. Um but I didn't end up making it into a pie, ended up using it to make uh a sort of cake with uh like candid key limes. So uh
SPEAKER_L: That's a
SPEAKER_R: I think that was the wrong decision.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think Paramedic barrel life. Certainly unit, but I'll take
SPEAKER_R: You've
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: never you've never made a cake.
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm not much of a colonel. I mean, I get by with the basics, but uh I love my wife.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see that's uh actually opposite situation. Um Yeah my wife is not a great cook um and so I was forced to become a good cook.
SPEAKER_L: I never
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: think, but it doesn't
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: cook.
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: No, I said I never said she was a good cook, but she All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: me too, I'm not actually a good cook, but um uh that's one of my major hobbies cooking and baking. I really love to ah I really love to um try to make some different and challenging things from different cultures, like I really like making a lot of east asian food and uh
SPEAKER_L: correct. So you're you're
SPEAKER_R: welcome.
SPEAKER_L: ambitious with you're looking all right. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like, oh, okay, so I'm hoping you can appreciate this, I think you'll be able to uh so you know the little rainbow cookies, the tricolor cookies, the italian tricolor cookies, I was actually able to make those recently. Yeah, because you can't, you can't get them here. So I had to, I had to make
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: them and they were there,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: they were regret.
SPEAKER_L: That's impressive. So, you're like, you're you're you're moved into deserts. That's that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I do love making desserts. Um although I don't cook or bake nearly as much as I'd like to
SPEAKER_L: That a time issue are
SPEAKER_R: uh, motivation, mostly, motivation.
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: Energy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's the thing. So, that's my problem cooking. It just it seems like you really I mean, you got to really enjoy it to get into it, you know? So, so yeah, sometimes to me, like, cooking seems more mature than anything else. Whereas, you know, my wife will start cooking and she gets into it. She gets the whole thing going. So, so I appreciate that. I'm envious of that actually. But I guess, you know, if I've got a little better at it, I feel more a little more aggressive doing it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Um yeah, I, I agree. Uh It's the same with all of my hobbies though, like I I'm really passionate about a lot of them, but um yeah, I uh there are a few circumstances that prevent me from really getting into them, like um one I do have a chronic inflammatory disease um so that really it's just a lot of body pain, often inflammation. Often it really kills motivation to do physical things. And uh the other being I have bipolar disorder, so part of that is a depression. So of course all of my hobbies take a hit every now and then. So in general it's hard to be get really passionate, so I'm not really into cooking as much as I'd like to be.
SPEAKER_L: And you take stuff for all this, like, is the inflammation more of a food type of thing? I tell the eating type of thing? Or is it like medication?
SPEAKER_R: so I um the information is because is associated with Crohn's disease, so um I don't know if you're familiar with it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of I mean, I've heard of it, it's like a digestive sort of right,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's yeah, it's in my um upper it's in like right below my stomach, like right in my upper small intestine, there's like inflammation. Um And so I have to certain foods cause more inflammation
SPEAKER_L: right now. We think so,
SPEAKER_R: and if it gets if it gets too inflamed, yeah, if it gets too inflamed, you can actually like kind of close up and cause a blockage, which can have all sorts of very bad side effects. Like basically if nothing can pass through my stomach and to the rest to my Colin, then yeah, that's that's bad, there's just uh nausea, vomiting, etcetera.
SPEAKER_L: That's horrible. What foods are the worst? Like what do you absolutely avoid?
SPEAKER_R: Um So there's nothing I absolutely avoid. Um I think microns is actually fairly mild compared to a lot of people's. Um I have a friend with cones and he's had to have his uh intestines resection a few times. Um But for me, basically, I have to avoid um having spicy food too frequently and having very fibrous foods too frequently or too much at once.
SPEAKER_L: The spicy food understand the fibers food and why is that
SPEAKER_R: Um to my knowledge and my understanding, it's because like fiber itself is just there is hard to digest. Um and uh just the way fiber physically, it's like its physical structure, it can like bind things easily, like cause you know like when you you pull apart like fruit and stuff and it's very fibrous, it's like kind of kind of uh strands stick together, that sort of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I will I give like my cat who's lying down here, but it's gonna be 20 in a couple of days. Um Yes,
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: but I give her a better mutual just to keep everything kind of flowing. But the whole concept of Metamucil I guess is yeah, it just gets in there and expands a little and just pushes everything out. I'm not wrong right as we can see. Um And my niece just got diagnosed as bipolar, which she's all like, she's getting all sorts of trouble and stuff, you know? Uh huh. She was actually the psych ward a couple of times in New Jersey. She like many boyfriends and just the cops are always becoming bombs who was not part. So she's now on medication is doing a lot better. But it explained like a like a lot of why she was behaving what she was um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: or does that actually are there different versions of bipolar? Like as I said, she was like, she was out of control I think drinking exasperating to with girls, long as you can handle herself there. And she was just she was just again, a couple times she got put in the psych ward and she was like oh my God um and you know keep her overnight and then released her and then after a couple times are like why are they releasing her? You know, she's like kids are in trouble would be better off for her to be just like kind of watched but she seems to be doing better now
SPEAKER_R: that's good, that's really good. Yeah, it's really um that's definitely really important as like medication um is very important and like therapy is often very important and uh typically the outlook the it goes better if you combine the two, like medication by itself is good and therapy by itself is good, but a combination of this year is the best.
SPEAKER_L: by therapy, you mean having to talk to?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like seeing like an actual like a therapist and different forms of therapy
SPEAKER_L: She was trying to do that, but I don't know something, you know, when everything is in the world, so screwing out with this and then it uh so she does need to but I know she's not doing I know it's not good. Um So we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: So I I can I can sort of relate to that. Like I had been seeing a therapist for a while and then this pandemic hit and I wasn't physically able to go see my therapist. Um And then I and then I had the option of using telehealth to do video chats with them. But I am uh uh the whole motivation thing like it's kind of a pain in the ass
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: to do video chats like all this time. So I avoided it for months. Until until recently
SPEAKER_L: Used
SPEAKER_R: I finally
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: started
SPEAKER_L: he's
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: available
SPEAKER_R: the video
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: chats again.
SPEAKER_L: actually 28 prolific thing just popped up on my screen. You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have the
SPEAKER_R: heard that I was confused because I was like what is that? It's not my notification
SPEAKER_L: Do you have the app? Uh It tells you wanna that tells you what to do?
SPEAKER_R: like like the little extension. Yeah. Yeah I use that.
SPEAKER_L: it's like you hear announced. It's kind of interesting. But yeah, that just did uh Sorry. Um So you did see somebody recently. They did finally do the video.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The same. yeah with my same therapist I have been talking to. So um I definitely understand the struggle of like this pandemic affecting like health care because I also haven't seen like my G. I. Specialist, my current specialist because he he's in florida. So I would travel to florida see him and see my family at the same time.
SPEAKER_L: Well, you're
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: gonna I mean are you gonna are you gonna be indiana long term now or are you there for?
SPEAKER_R: I've lived here. My uh my wife just bought a house now, just moved.
SPEAKER_L: Well you got to find a doctor there, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I do know. Um
SPEAKER_L: but now is the best time to do that because what's going to your doctor?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Right. Exactly. Um But anyway um it's very good to hear that she's doing better. Um But definitely gotta definitely gotta push that consistency and seeing the therapist because it really does work like way better, way better with both of them.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. I I can only imagine. And she does, she has stopped you also, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Here's what I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: she has to stop drinking its message. It's just too much. I mean, I'm not actually well, yeah, I guess there's a
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: lot of control. So yeah, she needs to get, she needs to rein everything. She's got to get our priorities straight
SPEAKER_R: yeah it could be um
SPEAKER_L: and I think that people would do well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it also helps if uh um her family kind of take some steps to help understand like like what the disorder is and what causes it and how it can affect people because a lot of people don't actually understand what it means for someone to be bipolar. And uh from my experience, some people react just extremely poorly to hearing that um I am bipolar because they have just all of these misconceptions about what it is. So like just empathy and understanding um towards people with any sort of uh disorder is good, but as I think
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: bipolar
SPEAKER_L: the sides,
SPEAKER_R: disorder is one of the big ones.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. I mean the awfully small minded for some of the judges, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but it happens.
SPEAKER_L: Really? That's that's too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Well, there's a like a serious lack of education about health care, not health care about mental health, also about health care, but uh mental health in the United States, I think um I think you I I don't know if you ask this rhetorically before you. I think you asked if you don't know if there's different types of bipolar.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't, but is there or maybe I did kinda ask that, is there like like like types of it or just like severity? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um So there's um there's a few different kinds of um like cyclic cyclic mood disorders. Um But for adults it's pretty much usually bipolar. Type one and type two. Um
SPEAKER_L: What is that?
SPEAKER_R: So type one is basically you have you have your depression component and then you have your media component. Um And mania is like um risk taking behavior, not sleeping, um agitation, racing thoughts. Like delusions. Like some people have like really massive delusions of grandeur uh to the point where they think they are like chosen by God. Um And you know they'll be they'll be like that for some amount of time, like days or some weeks. Yeah and then um it'll it can flip to being um a neutral mood um or they can go right into a depressive state and now suddenly they've gone from being awake for three days doing like you know just cleaning their apartment or whatever is spotlessly clean. They've done all their work, they've done everything, they think they are amazing and now they are completely depressed and don't want to move for however many days or weeks at a time.
SPEAKER_L: that's right. Natural.
SPEAKER_R: Um I am actually, I'm not type one so uh um But I imagine it is it is very tough. Um And by Type two would be a somewhat similar, you have your depression component and then you have hypomania um which would be like hippo isn't like under, so like a sort of lesser form of mania um which is what I have, so that's usually um So I still get the lack of need for sleep. Um Like high energy, um more outgoing, um racing thoughts, faster speech, some risk taking behaviors, uh increased irritability. That's a big one. You can be bipolar, People can become extremely irritable and their hypomanic or manic
SPEAKER_L: I thanks.
SPEAKER_R: sort of stuff like that and then the same thing they can go from being hypomanic or I can go from being diplomatic to a neutral state um to depression. Um And typically it's typical that people, Type two has a worse depression that people will. Type one, the type one has to deal with the mania.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Budget of the trade off. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Somebody like you know Kanye West is bipolar, he would be type one. Like he you know all his when he starts talking about how amazing he is and where he has like this, he acts like he's a prophet, he's he's
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: not being treated correctly.
SPEAKER_L: you know, that's not funny, but that makes all the sense in the world. Absolutely. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: there's a
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I was just,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: mean initially I was just kind of, he was kind of like an arrogant pull this off, but you're right. He does swing all over the place. That makes all the sense of what you're saying. That's very, very interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Yeah and he's he said he is bipolar, so when he starts acting like really wild out of nowhere um for a decent amount of time, it's probably just his mood is uh he's just cycled into a manic phase.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm assuming your wife is well versed in all of this. You know, she's like, just got your on your side of this wall.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we've we've talked about it quite a bit um we've gone to uh she had, she was struggling to understand it um because just by her nature she's kind of has difficulty with um really comprehending how somebody else's moods could be like changing your feeling. And so with me my moods being so wildly different from average um I eventually got to, the point was like drawing graphs for her and all this sort of stuff to show, like okay, so here's how it can change over time and now she kind of, she gets it, but it did take a while I think for a lot of people um you just cannot understand what what is like unless you have experienced it. It's just one of those things,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, That makes sense. That makes sense for her. Good for you, good for you, that you have, you know,
SPEAKER_R: yes thank you very much.
SPEAKER_L: And how are you dealing with this whole covid 19 taking a toll on you. like socially? Like are you handling like, like how our first, how are you dealing socially with this? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: well um it's actually not affecting me socially all very much. The biggest thing is that I can't travel to florida to see my friends and family. Um I actually don't really know anybody here. Um So I wasn't you know I wasn't going out and hanging out with anybody in the first place.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So you're kind of slid right into it, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: it was it was really easy um
SPEAKER_L: You want to,
SPEAKER_R: uh It was safe for her like we we both moved here at about the same time. Um uh
SPEAKER_L: What made you go out with a specific job opportunity or
SPEAKER_R: Well it was
SPEAKER_L: wait,
SPEAKER_R: hurt
SPEAKER_L: Her family's from? Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: her family, yeah she's from indiana but they live on the far north side and we're on the south side now like five hours away but she moved here for a job opportunity, a very good job opportunity after college. Um And so I moved basically she got here first and lived here for a few months decided that it's way too difficult alone and so I moved up with her.
SPEAKER_L: And did you go to college now?
SPEAKER_R: Uh no actually we met online
SPEAKER_L: Are you do?
SPEAKER_R: um yeah um through a game actually uh pretty funny but I'm sorry
SPEAKER_L: I see. You said it's pretty funny. I said what was funny?
SPEAKER_R: uh we we met through everyone who was loud so I tell her I told them we met through like an online game um
SPEAKER_L: It was it?
SPEAKER_R: uh there's a good chance you haven't heard of it Dota two.
SPEAKER_L: I have absolutely. I mean, I'm a big, yeah, I haven't played it, but I'm aware of it. Like a video game guy. Like I'm a big excellence. Why don't you watch the phone games I play every once in a while. Um, but yeah, I'm totally into the whole video.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so we met through due to um
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool. That's, that's, that's great.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's kind of a wild experience um Technical you met through a mutual friend group but like we both of us only knew knew them because basically because of data but how did you and your wife meet
SPEAKER_L: We've been in college actually. University of Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: in Georgia?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the year I was University of Georgia in Athens, we built it. That's where we met. Um, and oddly enough, she was from New Jersey and I was from New Jersey and he's sort of, hey, it doesn't make sense. You know, George's school,
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it's a great school, are great atmosphere, good schooling. But uh, but Athens Georgia is a cool little town music and stuff. So yeah, we just met through mutual friends and you know, sort of came back home. We've been together for forever, you know, 16 years. Mm
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we've got working, we've got it all together in this work.
SPEAKER_R: What did you ah Major in?
SPEAKER_L: Ah, jeez, When I was, who I was like an english major, you know, I didn't know what that does. What I look back at my college education is like just shit. She's a real while here. What I want to do in the world.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Right so yeah you're disappointed in yourself for an english major so like what are
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you what are you doing now?
SPEAKER_L: well actually I do, I do. I work in manufacturing and I do it work. So I took a new studies available on prolific. It was politically good. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: you do
SPEAKER_L: so I do, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: in New Jersey. You know, kevin
SPEAKER_R: really What kind what kind of ah what kind of work
SPEAKER_L: count
SPEAKER_R: like? Ah I guess more more specifically with I. T.
SPEAKER_L: broads, chemical manufacturers and are kind of boring.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I I majored in I. T. I didn't finish my degree but I did major.
SPEAKER_L: Where you at school? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: College of central florida. It was just a local four year school.
SPEAKER_L: No, I know that a good friend of mine, I lived briefly in los Angeles and uh yeah, he went to central florida. And uh they have like the good football program now, don't they? A little
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: water?
SPEAKER_R: you're you're you're thinking of the bigger university I think.
SPEAKER_L: Not, not not Gainesville or, or I mean, I'm kind of aware like, you know, like florida atlantic university. I know uh you know, F. S. U. University of
SPEAKER_R: Mr uh
SPEAKER_L: uh, comes from central florida had a decent
SPEAKER_R: It was just maybe I'm not I'm not sure it was just a college of central florida. Used to B. C. F. You? Um
SPEAKER_L: Was it by Orlando?
SPEAKER_R: No it's in Ocala it's it's it's smaller. I basically had gone there because it was essentially free with financial aid So I could essentially get a free, completely free like associates and a bachelors there for free and then move on to something another university if I wanted to.
SPEAKER_L: So, uh you and your families all down in florida? Is that what you're saying? Like a lot of your families in florida and you grew up in florida, but
SPEAKER_R: uh basically uh I spent four years in north Carolina
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: about north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: uh the Outer banks kitty hawk.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah. Okay. 20 we are. Is there a couple of times actually complications with the family? Actually, that's a trip.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a it's I imagine it's really nice for vacation, a lot of really good ah like crabbing and fishing.
SPEAKER_L: I had some t shirt. It was something like I got my crabs that, so, and so's place. I don't know if you, but yeah, you go here.
SPEAKER_R: I think I know what, I think I know what place you're talking about, haven't been there, but I think I know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: There obviously is very touristy, but yeah, I really like get a slap on the back lab. It might be sure to stop wearing this. It's drawn too much attention. Um, so yeah, but that has been a very unique area to grow up there and live there. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: So kind of, I would say, I say, I mean obviously such tourism, but that's just strip of land, you know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was um I only lived there for years like since I was born to four years old. I do have a side, you have memories of it. Um But I I didn't really get the uh you know the whole experience and I lived, there's a long island for ah like six or so years and then I moved to florida where I lived for 12 or 13 years, so a lot most of my life was, has been a plurality of my life has been in florida.
SPEAKER_L: Well I did a similar thing. I I grew up in New Jersey. I was born in New Jersey and I went to school there too. I think like fifth grade and my parents started moved down to florida at the Bureau beach. And then I was down there until my junior high school bounced around different high schools. But then for some reason I went to like all the times to go to a new school. I went to a new school, my senior high school like cheese. You know, my parents that like New Jersey. So, uh, yeah, I spent a good chunk of my uh, my childhood florida, but now I can see now have a New Jersey ever since. So, well actually I'm about trying to live downtown florida again. I wouldn't mind the beach for a year. It's kinda interesting. And then, you know, it's Los Angeles for a year. So I kind of moved around a little bit actually telling for two years. But yeah, you know, I had that duality thing going like Jersey florida and I definitely, I see this both ways definitely. I'm a Jersey kid, but I'm also a florida kid to my mind, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I can relate to that, I definitely um identify with new york a lot um yeah, I really love a lot about new york um and I was kind of hoping I could uh move back at some point, but that's not looking like it's in my future currently. Um But yeah, there is, there is that duality of, you know, living and you know, if you live in New york, New Jersey, you're going to live in florida at some point,
SPEAKER_L: now I think it's premature return far. It is from new york. They are very strange. You have like you know, ever been in the coast and there are every performance from someplace else. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly.
SPEAKER_L: let's get like northern florida and handle central florida. Then you get like, you know, you like your Floridians like I know you ever seen a florida guy, The twitter is twitter feed or whatever. He does a lot of crazy stories. Your father.
SPEAKER_R: uh I mean, I've no, I'm not aware of that one specifically, but I mean I've seen some extremely wild like florida and stuff, so I mean, people, people don't really understand what it's like in florida.
SPEAKER_L: we don't like, I just remember like you watch the local news when I was a kid and be like, oh my God, there's like everything was violence and death, like a car accident. It's like you're like, whoa, remember like, I mean they were abducting Children is like, oh my God, what is going on with the news of our news is insane. Just like absolutely the local news is insane because they always need stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, people uh and even the stuff I've explained I witnessed firsthand, it was just so surreal, like just the worst stereotypes of of uh of people come to life and caricature carry basically caricatures of people, I never I didn't think could possibly exist, I have seen, and it's only in florida, like I've only experienced this in florida and I left florida, and it's just it was like uh just I was like some weird fever dream.
SPEAKER_L: That's exactly, that's exactly. I felt heart is still peculiar so onto itself. You know, it's just, this is just a uniquely strange little club or country. It's not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, I talked to my um I'm talking my wife about it and she's just like, what, what do you mean, what I don't understand, like what do you, Oh man. Um have you uh have you watched the florida project?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, absolutely. I love that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was gonna say
SPEAKER_L: I totally rolled. Yeah, I've watched a couple. That kid is a movie. That girl is uh it's awesome. And I love, I thought William Dafoe got screwed out of the Academy Award for that as well. I thought,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he was so good. But trying to,
SPEAKER_L: You are you happy for foreign understand that movie? Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: trying, trying to describe it to somebody saying like, okay, so here's this movie and they'll, you know, they'll watch it and they'll say like, wow, that's kind of crazy. And you're like, no, you don't understand that is exactly how it is. Like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: will.
SPEAKER_R: I saw I saw one person talking about it like um they had watched the movie thought, you know, wow, that's that's really wild. And then they moved to Orlando and then and then they saw like the place where the movie was filmed like the motel aware was filmed, they were like a mile away and they go, you know they go into the Target or walmart at night and it's just like screaming unattended Children and just all sorts of stuff and their their their world is just shattered.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. It's funny. Like I saw the movie, I instantly related to that movie. I was like, oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: that guy is interesting. I don't know what he's doing. I like Sean baker is his name. He's a director. I'm like thinking to movies and stuff yourself.
SPEAKER_R: you know uh
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I mean I guess it depends on how you define big into movies, but I'll explain after I suppose by going
SPEAKER_L: well I just
SPEAKER_R: Sean
SPEAKER_L: following
SPEAKER_R: baker.
SPEAKER_L: like there's something here. I don't think he's done anything sense of florida project and it's really, it's really a shame because a lot of stuff is really shut down like series. Like actually like, you know, oddly I really kind of watched, my mom loves Ray Donovan on Showtime and I just learned the other day. They just the last season
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: is the last season or Ray Donovan. So I told
SPEAKER_R: bread,
SPEAKER_L: my mom she was like, she was like, you know, she's like, you can't be kidding are you got so yeah, they're just like this whole production shut down there just like bagging shows left and right, movies are delayed, completed. Movies are delayed because who, that's going to a movie, you know, I'm not going there right now. Um
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: and like, like Christopher Nolan, you know, Interstellar and all those type of movies, a memento. He just released a movie. Um and uh, they was limited theatrical and uh, you know, a lot of paper view and just bomb and this is a guy that would always make
SPEAKER_R: we did it
SPEAKER_L: like Don kirky did as well. So yeah, it was like, it was like, it kind of like a scary story for holiday because now there now that I are, we got to rethink how we're doing all this movie stuff because you know lawson I don't know like my niece, I use her Disney plus subscription and she went out to bob Mulan live action movie of
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Disney cars for $20. Like really? So that cost you $20. I just came with Disney plus. But no, no.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, the whole thing with movies that screwed up. But normally in a normal world I look and you know, I miss not the movie uh trying to watch on tv but it's not quite the same. Yes. I kinda want to tangent here. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: no that's fine. Um I was gonna say um Sean Maker, I think he's only ever done like a few movies in the first place, right? And then he hasn't done anything else, but
SPEAKER_L: I mean called tangerine something with, it was like another like florida project? S movie but it was like some transvestites. Los Angeles shot like on an iphone camera. You know the whole thing. It's a pretty pretty low budget but pretty impressive. Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: you should watch that, but and to your other point about things like canceling and stuff. I know there's at least a few series um that I like, like Mine Hunters I think is now is now on hiatus, like suspended and indefinitely
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: 900.
SPEAKER_R: my Hunters is um uh I forget what year is it actually takes place. But it's two FBI agents developing their methods of profiling serial killers, killers.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I did not see the second season. I saw the first season. I know this second, it's on netflix. The second season didn't have to like Manson and stuff like that. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I haven't actually watched the second season yet but I did see I'm pretty sure the third season is suspended now. I think it comes up
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully just suspended because that was really good show. I like that. I was like the formation of like the psychological thing with the FBI right? The I thought that some yeah, really good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was really good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad to remind me that I need to watch the second season.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um uh I I haven't really been a huge fan of going to um movie theaters like I don't dislike it but in general um for most movies I don't find a benefit. There's some movies of course that really benefit from having the big screen in the sound system and everything like that, like that's great, I can appreciate that. Um I agree. But a lot of movies I would prefer to have, I would prefer to just watch at home just because um it's cheaper, it's easier.
SPEAKER_L: well like what a marvel movie comes out. I like to see it on the big screen because it's such an expensive spectacle and I think like a movie like that benefits from being on the screen. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you're right like the spectacle movies.
SPEAKER_L: and like sometimes my wife doesn't want to go uh and I just couldn't move by myself. I just make a point of going on Wednesday night, see like the latest movie I can, I'll get in there. Some kind of like nobody in the theater, like uh awesome. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's perfect.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so so yeah, so uh that and I don't know like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: tv shows like Better Call Saul. Actually I'm beyond strangely enough I'm behind on all these shows where everybody was bogged down and watching all these shows during the pandemic. I was like all over the place. So so yeah I'm like I didn't watch all these shows. I think I have a little attention span problem to everyone to go along. I have A D. D. Or something like that. You know where some people can just binge watch stuff. I get like very
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: easily distracted like I'll watch an episode or two and I gotta be on the computer that I like the video game system. You know, I'm just like kind of all over the to read a book. So yeah I should probably have been investigated. I also do people
SPEAKER_R: no I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: no, I said I don't know what they're going to do for me at this point but brief of
SPEAKER_R: I mean easy medications like actually um I talked to my prescriber, I was saying how like I have a hard time with like some attention um intensive tasks like II tasks, tasks, which a lot of like multitasking. Um. Uh huh. Just trouble focusing like brain fog and all that. And she prescribed me after all. I don't think I've been officially diagnosed with A. D. D. Or anything like that, but I was displaying symptoms to have a prescription for it and that's been really great. Like that's life, it was life changing,
SPEAKER_L: I really do. But when you take and see I've taken Adderall before but like somebody like Damien after all those years ago and like a rush. It was like I was like oh I feel kind of good right now you know. Is that I hear like if you do have a D. D. Doesn't work it doesn't work that way. Is that true? Like it actually kind of and adequate.
SPEAKER_R: So that's a good question. I think it's I'm not sure if I actually have A. D. D. Or if I just have some similar symptoms because of like bipolar disorder and and like you know uh dealing with information. But for me at least I still like I can noticeably feel like feel feel very noticeable difference I notice will be feel better um when I take it. But also another factor is that it might have been like you might take it like a higher dose than what somebody would typically take for just managing like symptoms and stuff like that. But uh it's it can definitely be definitely be noticeable. Especially like if you take it for the first time you you increase your dosage it could it can be um uh one you know one moment you're feeling um brain fog and everything like that, you can't focus. You feel just kind of blow and then half an hour an hour later you are like ready to go,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I agree because I mean when I when I took it I like I feel like wired after you know I didn't like abuse the heck out of that might be they took two pills and I should have taken one or some of those lines you're with it as well. Um But uh whoa that's great awesome. So I wonder if I guess in the back of my mind, I wonder I don't have A D. D. Maybe something else or I was thinking I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: need to see something you want to
SPEAKER_R: it's so worth it to get checked. It's so worth it. Like I can I can't imagine having not gone to and gotten like therapy and diagnosed and get and then got medication for like attention stuff. I can't imagine not having done it, I would just be so so much worse off.
SPEAKER_L: Well like my like again, like my promise, I'm not doing anything for the most part until this thing becomes manageable until other people start being responsible. God bless, they finally have the vaccination for this epidemic. Like I don't mind my haircut, I got my hair in a ponytail on, you know, it was for this, I don't want to go to like, like I go to super comfortable, super constant has something, you know, young kids cutting my hair. Can you know? Actually I know I come out of there, you know, I'm on a ventilator because I want to get my hair cut so and I was like all kind of free and I'm like, oh no, you're not going here with their. But so yeah I don't wanna go to a doctor's office. You know like I have like I have like a skin history, colorization makes your skin kind of red and I don't I'm all out of my medication and the doctor will prescribe the medication to come into an office visit and I was like I had been there a while and I was going on and I'm like I'm going in there right now, that's all that. I think I might be pushing. Well I think I just go in there way better get my prescription and get the heck out of there. It's not like I got to like get poked or prodded or anything like that. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you can try and go in like a off time.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you know like I know like let me do there at seven when nobody was there. Uh But yeah I'm just I'm just nervous about stuff like I don't know, like I I got pretty much order like my food for the most part. I'll jump into supermarket, get cat food, everyone's while and I will jump into the liquor store for the most part. But that's about it. You know? I'm like, I'm really like, I've been locked down for the most part, forever handling it all right for the most part of kind of, you know, like you were saying like we were talking before, you know, you're saying you didn't know anybody. I just kind of I can deal with that. You know, I I like like I know like my mom's just for example, she's like going start crazy. We have her lot, You're 17, you're not going anywhere. And she's like, let's get out with friends, do this, do that, and you just can't says you can't do that, right? So it's just, you know, it all depends. I have friends that are like freaking out going a little stir crazy. They're starting to hang around and get all unsafe. So like I'm a airplanes. I'm just going to avoid that. You know, don't get mom's sick, I don't get anything, I don't want to get
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, it's it's I don't know, I'm kind of over the mindset that it's like it is um normally I'm not the one to kind of preach morals, but I think it's sort of like an ethical responsibility for people to self quarantine as much as possible, especially because I might have that opinion because I'm immune compromised. Like the my just having the information and then I take a medication that also um harms my immune system, like my immune system is kind of nuked. So I have to be, I have to be very careful. So you know, uh I hadn't, the first time I had actually gone out to a store since this started was like uh I don't know, maybe two months ago, a month and a half ago I went to Lowe's and that and that was it's been very a couple times in between, but it's always been off hours and full mass social distancing going out of my way to like avoid people. Um And even even if I'm going out of my way to avoid people, this one woman walked up and coughed on me as she went by, so so you know, so yeah, it's a struggle, but yeah, like I'm not I'm fine with quarantining myself like this is this is worth it.
SPEAKER_L: Like obviously, I mean jeez, where your dad mask? I can't say that people are fighting the mask. It's not just wear it, be responsible to be conscientious. You know, we're not taking away civil liberties were just sort of damn mask until we figure this figure
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's like I think a great comparison was um you know people who are upset about having to wear masks in private businesses um should also be mad that they have to wear like a shirt and shoes and private businesses to
SPEAKER_L: working,
SPEAKER_R: you know sort of thing. Nobody, nobody complains about that, nobody complains about having to wear certain shoes when you go into like a Mcdonald's or a restaurant. Yeah, you know, you shouldn't be complaining about having to wear a mask.
SPEAKER_L: No, I agree. And it also bothers me too. When you go to the store and you find the people, you know like the liquor store, go to the guy like guy, you know, you go in there and he's got over his mouth but on and on his nose is like kind of cover your face. You know it all over your face. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: exactly.
SPEAKER_L: please. What? And this is the same guy was I was like I was trying to talk to him about he's like, oh and isn't such a contradiction with him. He uh he says if I get it I get it, there's nothing to do about it. But then he mentioned that he has cats. He's afraid of his cats getting it. So I'm like, well if you're afraid of your cats get because cats can get the you know, Covid 19. I know
SPEAKER_R: there's a good chance to
SPEAKER_L: approved it. But they say cats can get it. But you know he's in there, he's not worried about himself but he's worried about his cats. It's like what the hell is going on with you man? So as backwards, just unbelievable people are You are bizarre. This has been a bizarre 67 months without question. My Lord. Nothing like that ever was like this.
SPEAKER_R: it's been it's kind of been a bizarre four years.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, I don't know. I mean, I know how you're going. I mean, I'm I'm, you know what to say right now I'm voting for, I can't handle that. Trust God, I mean, half floors
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm not I'm not a I'm not a fan of biden um
SPEAKER_L: either.
SPEAKER_R: If I had another choice, if I had another choice, you know, I I voted for, I voted for Bernie, I'm a Bernie supporter.
SPEAKER_L: I like 32. I'm totally
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, but I mean there's you know, if if if you dislike trump, you should be voting for biden
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and there's so many, there's so many people who are like just Mhm, I'm kind of of the opinion. Um I mean this is definitely this is definitely a really far tangent right now, but uh a little bit of leg
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You had a little lag before us. I mean now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there you go. Um we're definitely a bit of a tangent now but it's really good um The
SPEAKER_L: are. Well, 46 47 please. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: 25.
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. Uh Yeah um I mean I I have I have plenty of free time right now, so I
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: was prepared, I was prepared.
SPEAKER_L: no. I did one of these the other day and the woman, he was out in Oakland California and the minute the clock, you know in 25 minutes. Well, we're out of time. I was like, okay, are you talking to you too? I mean, she was nice, but she's done, she was done tangent politics
SPEAKER_R: right, the the the people who are like okay, I really hate trump and they don't like biden so they're going to vote third party. Um
SPEAKER_L: so I always vote
SPEAKER_R: That's that's how I feel about it, like okay if if you really if you really hate trump that much you should vote for the person who has the best chance of beating trump
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: like which is biden
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: and like I I I understand what they are saying but I can definitely not agree with their position.
SPEAKER_L: Well, let me ask you what is a, what direction does indiana swing like? New Jersey is clearly a democratic state. Several, there's always a democratic at least. Certainly this election will tell you that uh
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: India is
SPEAKER_R: well I I will I'm not going to tell you directly but I'll give you this the former governor, they are the very last governor was mike pence.
SPEAKER_L: oh, that's right, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Nuff said, oh Lord why
SPEAKER_R: I lived here for a few months um while he was still governor
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: and uh it was wild, just like everything everything about pencils wild. So yeah it's pretty it's pretty conservative.
SPEAKER_L: you know, even as like her like, well trump, I can't even politics that summer. I just, I mean I never liked him as a human being before. He was ever even
SPEAKER_R: No all
SPEAKER_L: presidential president.
SPEAKER_R: every everybody from New york and New Jersey was was was already hated trump. Every they were already telling, you know trump is a piece of shit, we already know it, we already know he's awful like you don't have to we don't have to do anything else, we already know he's bad and he still gets elected.
SPEAKER_L: I remember when he got a lot and I would sit there was like, you gotta be kidding. I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was kind of in shock like donald trump is president of the United States of America that it's like home.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. My mom and I watched it like we just dumbfounded like this is like this cannot be happening, like how is this actually possible?
SPEAKER_L: Like he was dumbfounded up on that stage. He was kind of like, oh he was shocked that he was like that. I'm sure he was convinced he was going to lose it. Oh Lord, we want to, I sort of got, it's gonna be a long, long careers of course.
SPEAKER_R: it's already, this last four years have felt like eternity.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Like I I sort of I was um I used to be extremely active in terms of um trying to engage with people about it about like politics um for like 2.5 years since 2016, I was I was active before that, but it got to a point where it was just, it just doesn't do anything.
SPEAKER_L: It doesn't, you know, people are so
SPEAKER_R: It's just
SPEAKER_L: there's such a divide now. There's like there's no talk sense. It is um I mean 19
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just there's out of like the dozens and dozens and dozens of like specifically trump supporters I've talked to. It was just, you know, you can lay out any kind of argument you want, you can you can give them like 30 different citations and sources for something and it's just never good enough. It is
SPEAKER_L: starting
SPEAKER_R: just impossible.
SPEAKER_L: that whole one thing fascinating actually is uh like if you follow him on twitter and then you go on to like they want to re post one of his stupid ass twitter things just go into the comment section and it just like the people that hate trump and the people support trump and then you have like people are ripping him apart and then people with the best president ever, just like this is a dynamic is just so different. It's just like, it's like it's like it's it's interesting to read a little bit, but then after a while I can't read this over this. Same, but I hear some league I mean there there there and there is nothing that's going to dissuade them any way you look at it. He is the best president, you know,
SPEAKER_R: It's like, it's like, I don't know, like 20 to 30% of the like of us voters are just like unmovable in their in their position on trump. They just like they will love him no matter what like uh it's astounding and that's why I was primarily using facebook to like comment on like friends post and stuff like that, like about political stuff. And then I got to got to the point where it was just I
SPEAKER_L: We're not
SPEAKER_R: gave
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: up there was nothing.
SPEAKER_L: My mom, my mom don't stand trump and she gets onto facebook and she gets into fights with everybody and I'm sleeping, I'm just you're killing yourself, you know, back off. But she doesn't, she's out there, she's like battling constantly and I see some of her feed stuff going like, oh God mom, what do you think it was gonna come and shoot you or something these days? Uh huh. Really anti trump. So yeah, it's it's crazy. Yeah. it's like smashing your head against a long, you know, just you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's it's just incredibly bad um like sort of in group out group politics, I think a lot of it is they love trump because it just pisses off progressives and like liberals to no end, like just just because the democrats hate trump so much, that's why they like that's why they like trump because otherwise because otherwise there there's like conservatives in the United States did not uh but the vast majority did not used to be like this, but so many of them aligning with uh with trump and his policies, like I just kind of out of nowhere, the sudden divide has just been really really strange,
SPEAKER_L: hey.
SPEAKER_R: like I knew there was.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, all the people like, yeah, all the people like we're bashing trump when he was running there like all like you know there are like his sinker fans now, you know what I'm saying? Like like like interesting is gonna be like, I'm really looking for him to see what happened in south Carolina with lindsey graham, lindsey graham is as bad as anybody. He was ripping trump a new but hold the whole time when he was running and he became like his little lapdog now he's like, you know, now he's got a real contender down there. This uh the guy's name, but he's a democrat, he's a black guy and he's raise a ton of money and grand seat is on the line and I'm like, God bless you know, go go forget what the guy's name is. But I love secrets. I mean basically. So uh so yeah, you're just saying that's why I went off on this uh you know all these people just think they bet their political fortunes on trump. They just they don't like they don't like went in the deep end, they just like 100% threw themselves behind trump. You know, the only guy is out there, kind of maverick lines is wrong, you know, rob
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's the weirdest thing
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is like Romney, like, uh,
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: you're, you're, you're right. I'm pretty sure like Ted cruz, um,
SPEAKER_L: it's not yeah,
SPEAKER_R: ted cruz and rand paul, paul, Ryan. Like, um, those, those three were like super anti trump and now it's like they flipped,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, rubio as well done in florida. Yeah. You know nothing but in something with his sleepy joes and little little ted or whatever the heck you were saying, you know, it just
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: options, oh my God, I can't take it. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's all the, all the name calling, what is, what is with all the name calling? You go like every, they have to come up with some cute little nickname for every single democrat.
SPEAKER_L: right. It's unfortunately that he's making fun of Fauci is freaking throwing arm because Fauci, you know when he threw the first pitch is like a game you know what sideways, you know dr Fauci is not a picture, you know what I'm saying, a lot of people have done this and he's just one thing he's got I guess there is a private phone call calling Fauci and all these idiots with the virus and I don't get but then he's at a campaign rally he's going Fauci nice guy, terrible arm, terrible arm. It's like what is with you in the insult? Like my God. Oh Lord.
SPEAKER_R: You really do realize that Fauci, that's not his job, right? The Fauci job is not to throw pitches, right?
SPEAKER_L: exactly and it doesn't need trump making fun of him because he's lousy you know you're bored, I just I'm so sick of her. You know? Actually I would take pencil for trump if you want the truth at least like this is a career politician and he would always be like civil, you know?
SPEAKER_R: At least pence, pence is predictable in a way that trump isn't, which is, which is uh, yeah, pence, like he's a corrupt politician. He kind of works within the system. And because democrats, you know, all of, a lot of these democratic politicians can't deal with the fact that trump is like not working within the system, they're still trying to play, you're still trying to play ball and it just doesn't work and like they can so they can deal with pence like that would be fine, even though pence is some sort of reincarnation of satan
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: he's got his nutty religious stuff going. But I read an article a while ago that him was like back in college everyone college was, but suppose he was like really like wore his like, you know his, you know his jesus stuff on his sleeve And uh you know, he's got like a very low opinion of like independent women and dating. He's got these really archaic views of like, like these really like right wing religious views, scary right wing religious views. But basically there are particles as he was a real piece of work in college, basically. Other thing.
SPEAKER_R: he still is, he still is, he's uh he's extremely anti abortion and he's also recently stated that he will be um he won't be alone in a room with a woman that like isn't his
SPEAKER_L: once
SPEAKER_R: wife or he won't even with all that sort of stuff like it's
SPEAKER_L: so ass backwards like what
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I forgot about that and I was like, oh, do
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: is how is this matter? Vice president?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. As I take it back, you'll be a horrible president
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, he would be an awful
SPEAKER_L: really be very careful being president either a little better than trump. Not much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Yeah, but those who are standing in the way of McConnell being president, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Work Well as I said you know we'll see it's right around the corner that's going it's finally gonna happen. Well I'm very anxious for this happened. Let's get this election over with um I just want I just want this to be done with for once and for all because it's been going on for you know to go on for
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: years easily.
SPEAKER_R: uh I mean the whole thing with trying to get trump out of office has been going on since he got into office like you know when he was elected it was like okay well he lost the popular vote and you know the all sorts of stuff with how he it wasn't legit like how his election wasn't legitimate like I still don't believe his election was legitimate.
SPEAKER_L: no I agree. Or your
SPEAKER_R: A lot a lot of people don't and then there's all every every every now and then there's another thing like okay well this is the thing we're going we're going to get trump with he's gonna get we're going to prove this, he did this and then he's gonna get he's gonna be out and then it would be proven and nobody would care like it was just it did nothing to him like the like the impeachment like without the impeachment was gonna be it and they just it was just corrupt, it just didn't matter.
SPEAKER_L: it's the stuff he gets away with it. It's amazing. Like the stuff he says how he's so unpresidential like any other president in the past have been crucified for the stuff he said. I mean it was just you know I think with the you know remember like he's grabbing women by the pussy and you know all that obnoxious stuff you know that would that would just floored candidates forever you know going back. But for some reason in the bases just like, again, it's just there and it buys it, whatever his popularity is. Oh my Lord, like everything he says, he's just so on presidential and Obama would never have got away with that clinton. Never really got away with that. You know, it just again, you know, it's just predict
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's it's uh I think it's because the he's a symptom and a problem at the same time um he wouldn't be able to exist uh without the backing of like the entirety of the Republican Party because like the entire Republican Senate is in my in my mind um the elect McConnell and all of the rest of them uh that he's basically shielding for are all complicit because they refused to do anything about trump,
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: so they they allow this, they allow this to happen.
SPEAKER_L: You're actually right. I agree with
SPEAKER_R: So I mean it goes it goes I think it goes much deeper than people even being trump supporters, like even if you're not trump supporter, if you're still voting for these people to be in our government, then like you're voting for people who are supporting trump directly or a little bit indirectly. Um And so it's it's it's extremely deep rooted problem, I think, especially when you start considering things like um uh the alt right, and how um like the KKK didn't really go away, the fascists didn't go away, like they've been America the whole time. Um like the nazis didn't go away, like all these extremists, they never left America um when you look at all these organizations, like the proud boys and all that, and they're all they all support trump and trump legitimizes them
SPEAKER_L: They does
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: to acknowledge it.
SPEAKER_R: and the other republican politicians are okay with it. So this is like, it's extremely like widespread and deep rooted problem and that's why trump, can we can't get rid of him,
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's again, that's the resembling for this election because you're right, there's a head should roll, you know, politically not physically harm, but yeah, a lot of these guys are, you're right there actually complicit in this and they should be just, you know, they just be elected out of all, it's, it's ridiculous. You know, Again, like I said, the link people are all completed. Absolutely. Training.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and yeah, and I think it goes to um I don't know, it it really it really is such a um complex issue to the extent that um basically every conservative has been voting against their own self interest for a while now. Um and yet they still continue to vote in these senators who are, you know, bought by like mega corporations and all this sort of stuff and they removed money from health care and they removed money from education and they move money from the answer infrastructure and all they do is damage their state um and people still vote for it, so it's it's it's just really it's just really um
SPEAKER_L: struck
SPEAKER_R: intense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is. And yet really everything, everything is more divided than I can ever remember. And it's like personal with people now, you know, it's like it's really personal. Like back in the day, you know, these guys can get together and work things out together, you can't do that. You know, they're just like each group is not going to give the other one an inch like at all. So it's just it's just ridiculous. It's like
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't think you can really give an inch at this point because at least in my mind I I tend to I think I have more of an extreme view on this and a lot of people do um because I'm politically very far left um I'm much more progressive than like America's like progressive typically. Um Excuse me? So when I see like having to if I had to compromise with like trump's policies like that's a really bad compromise because in my opinion trump is an authoritarian, like he's a racist, sexist authoritarian, he is like extremely fascist tendencies like that you don't compromise with that, you can't compromise with that and the whole party is supporting it. Like you can't give an inch if it giving an inch means losing like um L. G. B. T. Q. Plus rights losing like abortion rights like um more just like uh worst lives minorities like you can't just give those things to them like that doesn't make sense so there there is no way to have a push and pull. at least in my mind like it has to be it has to be all or nothing in in this in this case like with with trump and like the modern Republican party um like democrats have to win, there has to be every election we have to electing more democrats.
SPEAKER_L: You know, you can, I'm gathering you agree that the solution is gonna be like a Democratic Senate and House because otherwise it's just going to be nothing's
SPEAKER_R: Democratic
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: said in the house Democratic governors, democratic judges, everyone has to be everyone like everything like alexandria Ocasio Cortez and Ilhan Omar are like extremely like great progressive um politicians but like we need more just all the time just more and you can't give anything at all to the other side um And that that's kind of why I like I I can't have like I can't be friends with somebody who's like voting trump
SPEAKER_L: no accurate.
SPEAKER_R: like it just, it just will not work like you've seen the past four years like I will show you I will give you a list of like his atrocities and all of these things and if you're still voting for him then like that's it. We're done
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like there's
SPEAKER_L: whatever, you know, they'll see that list. It's like over their head,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: beyond their head, they don't care. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Because like if if you're voting for trump, that's that's detrimental to me. That's detrimental to the people that I care about. And and uh I love like if um if I get worse health care because you voted for trump, that's really bad for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, of course. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Like that's that's that's really really bad for me. Or you know, if you vote for a candidate who opposes same sex marriage and you have a gay friend who wants to get married to their part to the, you know, they're gay partner, you're directly you're voting directly against the best interests of a personal friend of yours. Like I don't know how people can justify doing that,
SPEAKER_L: you're very well put your actually right. That's a very good way to look.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: What surprised me a little bit though is about the I mean I'm not a big joe biden fan but obviously is better than trump, but I'm really surprised that in this election such a divisive election trump is such a polarizing figure that they couldn't come up with a better candidate. Like if there was like a, you know, a little younger, a little more dynamic of a candidate, he could like walk circles around trump, you know, and biden, you know, he's doing his best but you can sell, you know what Biden is getting the speech, He's stumbling over words here and there. I mean he's, my mom tried to tell me he's got a stutter, I don't know, maybe it does, maybe he had one. Um but I just like it just surprised me there wasn't like biden was the nominee, you know, I just like but I mean I mean
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: again I love Bernie Sanders. I mean God bless but that I just that was never going to wash and Elizabeth warren is a little too different for me but still uh you see trump would have walked all over her as well, you know what I'm saying? Trump government Pocahontas route with Elizabeth warren and now it should be like on the defensive constantly. Um So yeah, I just I guess what I said, I'm still surprised that democrats could come up with a little more of a dynamic bye. You know I was just like a safe yes and God bless. I hope it works. But if it doesn't you know they're gonna be kicking themselves for the next four years. Really warm quarters,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it's just because like, even though even though the modern Republican Party is like all is just, you know, way out there and awful like the modern Democratic Party, a lot of the of the Democratic Party, like the top democratic of the Democratic Party are would not that progressive. They're like, they're corporatists, they like they like their money and
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that goes away when you start getting uh you know, all the money of the, of the people, the top politicians
SPEAKER_L: he's pretty
SPEAKER_R: and the wealthy
SPEAKER_L: long
SPEAKER_R: starts
SPEAKER_L: reliever.
SPEAKER_R: being reduced, starts being reduced. We start getting more progressive and you know, there Bernie Sanders gets there and he's like wants all these extremely progressive like uh relative to american politics policies like with health care and taxes on wealthy and all that and that makes them lose money, so you know what they would want biden instead.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true, that's true for me again he was a safer bet you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, thank you. Is closer closer to closer to the norm, the norm I suppose closer to an establishment democrat, but and he also biden has in the past, biden wasn't that progressive, like he fairly conservative a lot I guess. She was like with his uh um criminal justice reforms and like uh I can't remember all the specifics is actually, but like war on drugs is a war on drugs stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Well, okay here what we what we uh when we tie this up with this question, what do
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you think is going to happen with this election? Your your heart of hearts? What do you think is going to happen? I mean you got to believe there is a chance trump to get reelected. Just scary as hell.
SPEAKER_R: No, I know there, I think there's a real chance that will be re elected. I'm not sure I can say one way or another who I think will be um according to polling, biden is likely,
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: know. The feeling is like, you know, I'm getting, it looks like Hillary is gonna be a walk in or and then you know the window, so kind of take the Hollywood, a grain of salt.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. So I'm kind of I'm very hesitant to like you know um put my confidence and that biden is going to win because I just I'm just going to fall apart if I'm like, if I've just become too certain that biden is going to win in the trump once again and I have to deal with this four more years,
SPEAKER_L: Well like the earlier said that that you were very into it after 2016 and you kind of tapered off because you know, you're you know, what's the purpose anymore? Are you going to get a little more vigorous again with like your political feelings? 2020 was elected? Or is he just going to stick your head in the sand and just wait for this to go away? I mean, not that bad. I mean not if you have the sand, but are you just gonna like God just kind of grip and grin and barrett?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think I'll have to become more active again to the greatest extent that I can be the most like effective because, you know, I can't really, did you like, you know, door to door, all this sort of grassroots stuff? Um necessarily uh especially not with like this pandemic going on. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Right. Actually.
SPEAKER_R: but I think I would at least try to be much more um engaged in any social circles I'm in to really try and uh push against as much as possible because otherwise it's like it's it's if he's elected for another four years, it's only going to get worse especially
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: with.
SPEAKER_L: because I mean the last four years old, he's really been worried about reelection, you know, that's you know, and then legitimacy to the presidency, but four years it's like he's going to do what the hell he wants to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, you know, and just recently he just recently he legitimized a uh white supremacist group. He the proud boys,
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: like he's he's he's had these tendencies building for four years, like what's going to happen in the next four years with him out with him openly supporting like racial violence, like racial violence groups? Like well that's I would I wouldn't be able to just like ignore it.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, that is scary sugar. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you? Are you gonna like, what are you, what are you going to do? What do you think, What do you think is gonna happen?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I let my opinion be known uh you know, I do not like trump and I will consistently do that. Um You're right. I don't know what I can do first and foremost. I just want this damn pandemic
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: over with, I want trump at office. I want this pandemic the end because it's just like what a nightmare combination, you know? It's like, right,
SPEAKER_R: and trump's making the paint made the pandemic worse too,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: so like
SPEAKER_L: know, I'm like mass you know, pouches an idiot. That's like, oh God. Um But yeah, I've tried, I know what I'm gonna do. Hell I might move out of the country, you know? Yeah. So are or maybe move to some little island somewhere. I don't know, we don't have to read news for four years. I'm thinking I do but I just I just I don't know what his former trump. All I know is gonna be very unhappy. Very I can't deal with it second
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's it's tiring, it's definitely tiring.
SPEAKER_L: sausage
SPEAKER_R: My mom even got to the point. My mom used to be um like very grassroots, politically active, like um like treasurer of um like democratic executive committee in Marion county in florida and you know, met all like the top, a lot of the top democrat people in Democratic Party in like the state of florida and at a national level, she was very into, it has like contacts with like uh congress people and all that. She quit doing that some years ago and then.
SPEAKER_L: reach up
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: before trump. But she quit before.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, she quit, she quit before trump, but she was still like uh like active and engaged in helping out the party. Um and then like a little bit after trump was elected, she just kind of like just gave up, she's like, I'm just not watching the news anymore, that's it, I'm done, just don't talk to me about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but like you said before like my sisters and her husband uh there big time republicans but they can't send trump. So her solution is she's just she's just not going to vote for the president, she's going to go vote leave. The president was like, she's like, she won't. But you know, it's like you're that stupid, just go for for joe biden is a lot of people, but you know, uh are you going to do
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I think I've got a my my best friend has historically been a conservative, like I've known him since I was like 12 and I think he voted for trump the first time, but I kind of can't blame him because his whole family's conservative and really puts the pressure on him. Um But I don't know how, how he's voting this year, like after four years of trump. I'm sure his parents like I'm sure his family can't stand trump anymore, but like
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: if if he's still voting for trump or if he's not voting, it's going to be I don't even know what I'm gonna do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I only hope, you know, ultimately with this is just like intelligent people had enough. I mean, he's, his based core base is always gonna be there. They're like we're saying, but you can't change. They're just they're they're, you know, they're his cult, so to speak. But if there's like intelligent voters out there, we just had enough, had enough of this nonsense. That's what's going to change this election. You know, the same enough trump. You gotta figure there's gotta be intelligent. Well, you hope they're intelligent people in this country, you know, what do you think there are? But you've got to hope this somewhere out there. There's there's an even rational thought that's going to work this out properly. I I know I know a little green fly around and the berries are going to go about lollipops and back. I'm banking on it. I can I'm hoping on it at least. I don't know if I'm banking that's the wrong word, but I'm hoping that's my home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me too. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: All right my man, I think I need a at the rest restroom. Thank you. Trying to, trying to nicest
SPEAKER_R: Partner.
SPEAKER_L: to the bathroom. So hey, my name is run by the way,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my name is Daniel. I was gonna say we did an exchange.
SPEAKER_L: Uh This is a very enjoyable conversation. It's gonna it's gonna touch it. You're very insulting,
SPEAKER_R: I was I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: you're a very intelligent person. It was it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, thank you. You are two extremely friendly. Very generous conversationalist.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, it was a pleasure. I enjoyed this.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: We are. We went over our time. We went about 20. Actually. Pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope so. I hope we finish their time. Um
SPEAKER_L: The people are gonna be looking at our conversation about jesus when he's gonna shut up 25 minutes to an hour. 20. Okay. I get it. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: right. Ah Thank you very much. You have a great evening.
SPEAKER_L: You too, man. Take care. Alright. Take yourself.
SPEAKER_R: All right. You, too.