All right. Okay. Cool. Okay. Yeah. Why? Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Got you. Yeah. Um Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Stupid. Yeah. The treatment. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Through what? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. To come, it ain't looking good sport. Mhm. So he can Yeah. Okay. Hey, there you go.
How you doing?
Can you hear me? Yeah.
How are you
where
where
are you?
You
ask you how you are? But then I went to where are you? Yeah.
too.
Uh New Jersey but
could
be
you were not you you're you're from indiana together.
It's not even you say driving a Jersey.
Everybody everybody's opinion in New Jersey. You know like there's actually nice areas in New Jersey, but everybody just sees like the turnpike and like all that industrial stuff that just formed so many people's opinions of the group. Right.
Well,
yeah, I used to go down for a lot to family lived down there. Yeah, I know. It's funny like just quickly say Jersey, you know, I used to always say to people, you know, for the Jersey Shore, but then they had that show the Jersey Shore which
ruled my whole sure thing. You know, it's like, like I can't win. That chris is just screwed. Uh,
we're about something Or did you go,
oh, you did
okay for this. Yeah. I grew up for a while, Part a bureau beach where the, where the Dodgers spring train. Uh, right. Hello. Let's see. It's above jupiter, but uh,
not like me now.
Yeah. Yeah. Far as all over the question,
Is you're gonna mind beach like South Beach?
Really? Yeah. And also one of the best place in florida in my opinion, is the florida keys. Who are the keys? But
these are just awesome in Key West in particular is just a really fun place. I just like the whole vibe with very much. Right. Mhm.
It's
that's crazy.
Could you make it?
That's a
I don't think Paramedic barrel life. Certainly unit, but I'll take
that.
no, I'm not much of a colonel. I mean, I get by with the basics, but uh I love my wife.
I never
think, but it doesn't
cook.
No, I said I never said she was a good cook, but she All right.
Yeah.
correct. So you're you're
ambitious with you're looking all right. That's cool.
All
Yeah. That's funny.
That's impressive. So, you're like, you're you're you're moved into deserts. That's that's pretty cool.
That a time issue are
because
Yeah, that's the thing. So, that's my problem cooking. It just it seems like you really I mean, you got to really enjoy it to get into it, you know? So, so yeah, sometimes to me, like, cooking seems more mature than anything else. Whereas, you know, my wife will start cooking and she gets into it. She gets the whole thing going. So, so I appreciate that. I'm envious of that actually. But I guess, you know, if I've got a little better at it, I feel more a little more aggressive doing it. Mhm.
And you take stuff for all this, like, is the inflammation more of a food type of thing? I tell the eating type of thing? Or is it like medication?
I'm kind of I mean, I've heard of it, it's like a digestive sort of right,
right now. We think so,
That's horrible. What foods are the worst? Like what do you absolutely avoid?
The spicy food understand the fibers food and why is that
Yeah. No, I will I give like my cat who's lying down here, but it's gonna be 20 in a couple of days. Um Yes,
but I give her a better mutual just to keep everything kind of flowing. But the whole concept of Metamucil I guess is yeah, it just gets in there and expands a little and just pushes everything out. I'm not wrong right as we can see. Um And my niece just got diagnosed as bipolar, which she's all like, she's getting all sorts of trouble and stuff, you know? Uh huh. She was actually the psych ward a couple of times in New Jersey. She like many boyfriends and just the cops are always becoming bombs who was not part. So she's now on medication is doing a lot better. But it explained like a like a lot of why she was behaving what she was um Yeah,
or does that actually are there different versions of bipolar? Like as I said, she was like, she was out of control I think drinking exasperating to with girls, long as you can handle herself there. And she was just she was just again, a couple times she got put in the psych ward and she was like oh my God um and you know keep her overnight and then released her and then after a couple times are like why are they releasing her? You know, she's like kids are in trouble would be better off for her to be just like kind of watched but she seems to be doing better now
by therapy, you mean having to talk to?
She was trying to do that, but I don't know something, you know, when everything is in the world, so screwing out with this and then it uh so she does need to but I know she's not doing I know it's not good. Um So we'll see.
Thank you.
Used
to
he's
available
on
actually 28 prolific thing just popped up on my screen. You
have the
Do you have the app? Uh It tells you wanna that tells you what to do?
it's like you hear announced. It's kind of interesting. But yeah, that just did uh Sorry. Um So you did see somebody recently. They did finally do the video.
Well, you're
gonna I mean are you gonna are you gonna be indiana long term now or are you there for?
Well you got to find a doctor there, you know,
but now is the best time to do that because what's going to your doctor?
Absolutely. I I can only imagine. And she does, she has stopped you also, you know,
she has to stop drinking its message. It's just too much. I mean, I'm not actually well, yeah, I guess there's a
lot of control. So yeah, she needs to get, she needs to rein everything. She's got to get our priorities straight
and I think that people would do well.
On
the sides,
that makes sense. I mean the awfully small minded for some of the judges, you know?
Really? That's that's too bad.
I didn't, but is there or maybe I did kinda ask that, is there like like like types of it or just like severity? Yeah.
What is that?
that's right. Natural.
I thanks.
Okay. Budget of the trade off. Right.
I,
you know, that's not funny, but that makes all the sense in the world. Absolutely. I mean,
I mean, I was just,
I
mean initially I was just kind of, he was kind of like an arrogant pull this off, but you're right. He does swing all over the place. That makes all the sense of what you're saying. That's very, very interesting.
Okay. I'm assuming your wife is well versed in all of this. You know, she's like, just got your on your side of this wall.
Yeah, That makes sense. That makes sense for her. Good for you, good for you, that you have, you know,
And how are you dealing with this whole covid 19 taking a toll on you. like socially? Like are you handling like, like how our first, how are you dealing socially with this? Okay.
Okay. So you're kind of slid right into it, wow.
Right.
You want to,
What made you go out with a specific job opportunity or
wait,
Her family's from? Yeah. Right.
And did you go to college now?
Are you do?
I see. You said it's pretty funny. I said what was funny?
It was it?
I have absolutely. I mean, I'm a big, yeah, I haven't played it, but I'm aware of it. Like a video game guy. Like I'm a big excellence. Why don't you watch the phone games I play every once in a while. Um, but yeah, I'm totally into the whole video.
That's really cool. That's, that's, that's great.
We've been in college actually. University of Georgia.
Yeah, the year I was University of Georgia in Athens, we built it. That's where we met. Um, and oddly enough, she was from New Jersey and I was from New Jersey and he's sort of, hey, it doesn't make sense. You know, George's school,
it's a great school, are great atmosphere, good schooling. But uh, but Athens Georgia is a cool little town music and stuff. So yeah, we just met through mutual friends and you know, sort of came back home. We've been together for forever, you know, 16 years. Mm
Yeah, we've got working, we've got it all together in this work.
Ah, jeez, When I was, who I was like an english major, you know, I didn't know what that does. What I look back at my college education is like just shit. She's a real while here. What I want to do in the world.
Well,
well actually I do, I do. I work in manufacturing and I do it work. So I took a new studies available on prolific. It was politically good. Uh,
so I do, I
do
in New Jersey. You know, kevin
count
broads, chemical manufacturers and are kind of boring.
Where you at school? Yeah.
No, I know that a good friend of mine, I lived briefly in los Angeles and uh yeah, he went to central florida. And uh they have like the good football program now, don't they? A little
water?
Not, not not Gainesville or, or I mean, I'm kind of aware like, you know, like florida atlantic university. I know uh you know, F. S. U. University of
uh, comes from central florida had a decent
Was it by Orlando?
So, uh you and your families all down in florida? Is that what you're saying? Like a lot of your families in florida and you grew up in florida, but
Oh, that's right.
We're
about north Carolina.
Oh, yeah. Okay. 20 we are. Is there a couple of times actually complications with the family? Actually, that's a trip.
I had some t shirt. It was something like I got my crabs that, so, and so's place. I don't know if you, but yeah, you go here.
There obviously is very touristy, but yeah, I really like get a slap on the back lab. It might be sure to stop wearing this. It's drawn too much attention. Um, so yeah, but that has been a very unique area to grow up there and live there. Exactly.
So kind of, I would say, I say, I mean obviously such tourism, but that's just strip of land, you know.
Well I did a similar thing. I I grew up in New Jersey. I was born in New Jersey and I went to school there too. I think like fifth grade and my parents started moved down to florida at the Bureau beach. And then I was down there until my junior high school bounced around different high schools. But then for some reason I went to like all the times to go to a new school. I went to a new school, my senior high school like cheese. You know, my parents that like New Jersey. So, uh, yeah, I spent a good chunk of my uh, my childhood florida, but now I can see now have a New Jersey ever since. So, well actually I'm about trying to live downtown florida again. I wouldn't mind the beach for a year. It's kinda interesting. And then, you know, it's Los Angeles for a year. So I kind of moved around a little bit actually telling for two years. But yeah, you know, I had that duality thing going like Jersey florida and I definitely, I see this both ways definitely. I'm a Jersey kid, but I'm also a florida kid to my mind, you know,
now I think it's premature return far. It is from new york. They are very strange. You have like you know, ever been in the coast and there are every performance from someplace else. Um
let's get like northern florida and handle central florida. Then you get like, you know, you like your Floridians like I know you ever seen a florida guy, The twitter is twitter feed or whatever. He does a lot of crazy stories. Your father.
we don't like, I just remember like you watch the local news when I was a kid and be like, oh my God, there's like everything was violence and death, like a car accident. It's like you're like, whoa, remember like, I mean they were abducting Children is like, oh my God, what is going on with the news of our news is insane. Just like absolutely the local news is insane because they always need stuff.
That's exactly, that's exactly. I felt heart is still peculiar so onto itself. You know, it's just, this is just a uniquely strange little club or country. It's not.
Oh, absolutely. I love that.
I totally rolled. Yeah, I've watched a couple. That kid is a movie. That girl is uh it's awesome. And I love, I thought William Dafoe got screwed out of the Academy Award for that as well. I thought,
You are you happy for foreign understand that movie? Absolutely.
I
will.
yeah. Yeah. It's funny. Like I saw the movie, I instantly related to that movie. I was like, oh yeah,
that guy is interesting. I don't know what he's doing. I like Sean baker is his name. He's a director. I'm like thinking to movies and stuff yourself.
But
well I just
following
like there's something here. I don't think he's done anything sense of florida project and it's really, it's really a shame because a lot of stuff is really shut down like series. Like actually like, you know, oddly I really kind of watched, my mom loves Ray Donovan on Showtime and I just learned the other day. They just the last season
is the last season or Ray Donovan. So I told
my mom she was like, she was like, you know, she's like, you can't be kidding are you got so yeah, they're just like this whole production shut down there just like bagging shows left and right, movies are delayed, completed. Movies are delayed because who, that's going to a movie, you know, I'm not going there right now. Um
and like, like Christopher Nolan, you know, Interstellar and all those type of movies, a memento. He just released a movie. Um and uh, they was limited theatrical and uh, you know, a lot of paper view and just bomb and this is a guy that would always make
like Don kirky did as well. So yeah, it was like, it was like, it kind of like a scary story for holiday because now there now that I are, we got to rethink how we're doing all this movie stuff because you know lawson I don't know like my niece, I use her Disney plus subscription and she went out to bob Mulan live action movie of
the
Disney cars for $20. Like really? So that cost you $20. I just came with Disney plus. But no, no.
So yeah, the whole thing with movies that screwed up. But normally in a normal world I look and you know, I miss not the movie uh trying to watch on tv but it's not quite the same. Yes. I kinda want to tangent here. Sorry.
I mean called tangerine something with, it was like another like florida project? S movie but it was like some transvestites. Los Angeles shot like on an iphone camera. You know the whole thing. It's a pretty pretty low budget but pretty impressive. Beautiful.
My
900.
Okay. I did not see the second season. I saw the first season. I know this second, it's on netflix. The second season didn't have to like Manson and stuff like that. Uh
Hopefully just suspended because that was really good show. I like that. I was like the formation of like the psychological thing with the FBI right? The I thought that some yeah, really good.
I'm glad to remind me that I need to watch the second season.
well like what a marvel movie comes out. I like to see it on the big screen because it's such an expensive spectacle and I think like a movie like that benefits from being on the screen. Um
and like sometimes my wife doesn't want to go uh and I just couldn't move by myself. I just make a point of going on Wednesday night, see like the latest movie I can, I'll get in there. Some kind of like nobody in the theater, like uh awesome. Uh
Yeah, so so yeah, so uh that and I don't know like
tv shows like Better Call Saul. Actually I'm beyond strangely enough I'm behind on all these shows where everybody was bogged down and watching all these shows during the pandemic. I was like all over the place. So so yeah I'm like I didn't watch all these shows. I think I have a little attention span problem to everyone to go along. I have A D. D. Or something like that. You know where some people can just binge watch stuff. I get like very
easily distracted like I'll watch an episode or two and I gotta be on the computer that I like the video game system. You know, I'm just like kind of all over the to read a book. So yeah I should probably have been investigated. I also do people
no, I said I don't know what they're going to do for me at this point but brief of
I really do. But when you take and see I've taken Adderall before but like somebody like Damien after all those years ago and like a rush. It was like I was like oh I feel kind of good right now you know. Is that I hear like if you do have a D. D. Doesn't work it doesn't work that way. Is that true? Like it actually kind of and adequate.
Yeah. Well I agree because I mean when I when I took it I like I feel like wired after you know I didn't like abuse the heck out of that might be they took two pills and I should have taken one or some of those lines you're with it as well. Um But uh whoa that's great awesome. So I wonder if I guess in the back of my mind, I wonder I don't have A D. D. Maybe something else or I was thinking I
need to see something you want to
Well like my like again, like my promise, I'm not doing anything for the most part until this thing becomes manageable until other people start being responsible. God bless, they finally have the vaccination for this epidemic. Like I don't mind my haircut, I got my hair in a ponytail on, you know, it was for this, I don't want to go to like, like I go to super comfortable, super constant has something, you know, young kids cutting my hair. Can you know? Actually I know I come out of there, you know, I'm on a ventilator because I want to get my hair cut so and I was like all kind of free and I'm like, oh no, you're not going here with their. But so yeah I don't wanna go to a doctor's office. You know like I have like I have like a skin history, colorization makes your skin kind of red and I don't I'm all out of my medication and the doctor will prescribe the medication to come into an office visit and I was like I had been there a while and I was going on and I'm like I'm going in there right now, that's all that. I think I might be pushing. Well I think I just go in there way better get my prescription and get the heck out of there. It's not like I got to like get poked or prodded or anything like that. But
yeah, you know like I know like let me do there at seven when nobody was there. Uh But yeah I'm just I'm just nervous about stuff like I don't know, like I I got pretty much order like my food for the most part. I'll jump into supermarket, get cat food, everyone's while and I will jump into the liquor store for the most part. But that's about it. You know? I'm like, I'm really like, I've been locked down for the most part, forever handling it all right for the most part of kind of, you know, like you were saying like we were talking before, you know, you're saying you didn't know anybody. I just kind of I can deal with that. You know, I I like like I know like my mom's just for example, she's like going start crazy. We have her lot, You're 17, you're not going anywhere. And she's like, let's get out with friends, do this, do that, and you just can't says you can't do that, right? So it's just, you know, it all depends. I have friends that are like freaking out going a little stir crazy. They're starting to hang around and get all unsafe. So like I'm a airplanes. I'm just going to avoid that. You know, don't get mom's sick, I don't get anything, I don't want to get
Like obviously, I mean jeez, where your dad mask? I can't say that people are fighting the mask. It's not just wear it, be responsible to be conscientious. You know, we're not taking away civil liberties were just sort of damn mask until we figure this figure
working,
No, I agree. And it also bothers me too. When you go to the store and you find the people, you know like the liquor store, go to the guy like guy, you know, you go in there and he's got over his mouth but on and on his nose is like kind of cover your face. You know it all over your face. Yeah
please. What? And this is the same guy was I was like I was trying to talk to him about he's like, oh and isn't such a contradiction with him. He uh he says if I get it I get it, there's nothing to do about it. But then he mentioned that he has cats. He's afraid of his cats getting it. So I'm like, well if you're afraid of your cats get because cats can get the you know, Covid 19. I know
approved it. But they say cats can get it. But you know he's in there, he's not worried about himself but he's worried about his cats. It's like what the hell is going on with you man? So as backwards, just unbelievable people are You are bizarre. This has been a bizarre 67 months without question. My Lord. Nothing like that ever was like this.
Well, yeah, I don't know. I mean, I know how you're going. I mean, I'm I'm, you know what to say right now I'm voting for, I can't handle that. Trust God, I mean, half floors
either.
I like 32. I'm totally
no.
yeah. You had a little lag before us. I mean now.
are. Well, 46 47 please. Yeah.
25.
No,
no. I did one of these the other day and the woman, he was out in Oakland California and the minute the clock, you know in 25 minutes. Well, we're out of time. I was like, okay, are you talking to you too? I mean, she was nice, but she's done, she was done tangent politics
so I always vote
correct.
Absolutely.
Well, let me ask you what is a, what direction does indiana swing like? New Jersey is clearly a democratic state. Several, there's always a democratic at least. Certainly this election will tell you that uh
India is
oh, that's right, that's right.
Nuff said, oh Lord why
is
you know, even as like her like, well trump, I can't even politics that summer. I just, I mean I never liked him as a human being before. He was ever even
presidential president.
I remember when he got a lot and I would sit there was like, you gotta be kidding. I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was kind of in shock like donald trump is president of the United States of America that it's like home.
Like he was dumbfounded up on that stage. He was kind of like, oh he was shocked that he was like that. I'm sure he was convinced he was going to lose it. Oh Lord, we want to, I sort of got, it's gonna be a long, long careers of course.
All
It doesn't, you know, people are so
there's such a divide now. There's like there's no talk sense. It is um I mean 19
starting
that whole one thing fascinating actually is uh like if you follow him on twitter and then you go on to like they want to re post one of his stupid ass twitter things just go into the comment section and it just like the people that hate trump and the people support trump and then you have like people are ripping him apart and then people with the best president ever, just like this is a dynamic is just so different. It's just like, it's like it's like it's it's interesting to read a little bit, but then after a while I can't read this over this. Same, but I hear some league I mean there there there and there is nothing that's going to dissuade them any way you look at it. He is the best president, you know,
We're not
beautiful.
My mom, my mom don't stand trump and she gets onto facebook and she gets into fights with everybody and I'm sleeping, I'm just you're killing yourself, you know, back off. But she doesn't, she's out there, she's like battling constantly and I see some of her feed stuff going like, oh God mom, what do you think it was gonna come and shoot you or something these days? Uh huh. Really anti trump. So yeah, it's it's crazy. Yeah. it's like smashing your head against a long, you know, just you know
hey.
Yeah, all the people like, yeah, all the people like we're bashing trump when he was running there like all like you know there are like his sinker fans now, you know what I'm saying? Like like like interesting is gonna be like, I'm really looking for him to see what happened in south Carolina with lindsey graham, lindsey graham is as bad as anybody. He was ripping trump a new but hold the whole time when he was running and he became like his little lapdog now he's like, you know, now he's got a real contender down there. This uh the guy's name, but he's a democrat, he's a black guy and he's raise a ton of money and grand seat is on the line and I'm like, God bless you know, go go forget what the guy's name is. But I love secrets. I mean basically. So uh so yeah, you're just saying that's why I went off on this uh you know all these people just think they bet their political fortunes on trump. They just they don't like they don't like went in the deep end, they just like 100% threw themselves behind trump. You know, the only guy is out there, kind of maverick lines is wrong, you know, rob
this
you know,
it's not yeah,
yeah, rubio as well done in florida. Yeah. You know nothing but in something with his sleepy joes and little little ted or whatever the heck you were saying, you know, it just
options, oh my God, I can't take it. Yeah
right. It's unfortunately that he's making fun of Fauci is freaking throwing arm because Fauci, you know when he threw the first pitch is like a game you know what sideways, you know dr Fauci is not a picture, you know what I'm saying, a lot of people have done this and he's just one thing he's got I guess there is a private phone call calling Fauci and all these idiots with the virus and I don't get but then he's at a campaign rally he's going Fauci nice guy, terrible arm, terrible arm. It's like what is with you in the insult? Like my God. Oh Lord.
exactly and it doesn't need trump making fun of him because he's lousy you know you're bored, I just I'm so sick of her. You know? Actually I would take pencil for trump if you want the truth at least like this is a career politician and he would always be like civil, you know?
Well
he's got his nutty religious stuff going. But I read an article a while ago that him was like back in college everyone college was, but suppose he was like really like wore his like, you know his, you know his jesus stuff on his sleeve And uh you know, he's got like a very low opinion of like independent women and dating. He's got these really archaic views of like, like these really like right wing religious views, scary right wing religious views. But basically there are particles as he was a real piece of work in college, basically. Other thing.
once
so ass backwards like what
I forgot about that and I was like, oh, do
you know?
yeah. As I take it back, you'll be a horrible president
really be very careful being president either a little better than trump. Not much.
Yeah. Work Well as I said you know we'll see it's right around the corner that's going it's finally gonna happen. Well I'm very anxious for this happened. Let's get this election over with um I just want I just want this to be done with for once and for all because it's been going on for you know to go on for
years easily.
no I agree. Or your
it's the stuff he gets away with it. It's amazing. Like the stuff he says how he's so unpresidential like any other president in the past have been crucified for the stuff he said. I mean it was just you know I think with the you know remember like he's grabbing women by the pussy and you know all that obnoxious stuff you know that would that would just floored candidates forever you know going back. But for some reason in the bases just like, again, it's just there and it buys it, whatever his popularity is. Oh my Lord, like everything he says, he's just so on presidential and Obama would never have got away with that clinton. Never really got away with that. You know, it just again, you know, it's just predict
absolutely.
You're actually right. I agree with
They does
to acknowledge it.
Well, that's again, that's the resembling for this election because you're right, there's a head should roll, you know, politically not physically harm, but yeah, a lot of these guys are, you're right there actually complicit in this and they should be just, you know, they just be elected out of all, it's, it's ridiculous. You know, Again, like I said, the link people are all completed. Absolutely. Training.
struck
Yeah, it is. And yet really everything, everything is more divided than I can ever remember. And it's like personal with people now, you know, it's like it's really personal. Like back in the day, you know, these guys can get together and work things out together, you can't do that. You know, they're just like each group is not going to give the other one an inch like at all. So it's just it's just ridiculous. It's like
You know, you can, I'm gathering you agree that the solution is gonna be like a Democratic Senate and House because otherwise it's just going to be nothing's
working
no accurate.
But
whatever, you know, they'll see that list. It's like over their head,
beyond their head, they don't care. Okay.
Yeah, of course. Absolutely.
you're very well put your actually right. That's a very good way to look.
What surprised me a little bit though is about the I mean I'm not a big joe biden fan but obviously is better than trump, but I'm really surprised that in this election such a divisive election trump is such a polarizing figure that they couldn't come up with a better candidate. Like if there was like a, you know, a little younger, a little more dynamic of a candidate, he could like walk circles around trump, you know, and biden, you know, he's doing his best but you can sell, you know what Biden is getting the speech, He's stumbling over words here and there. I mean he's, my mom tried to tell me he's got a stutter, I don't know, maybe it does, maybe he had one. Um but I just like it just surprised me there wasn't like biden was the nominee, you know, I just like but I mean I mean
again I love Bernie Sanders. I mean God bless but that I just that was never going to wash and Elizabeth warren is a little too different for me but still uh you see trump would have walked all over her as well, you know what I'm saying? Trump government Pocahontas route with Elizabeth warren and now it should be like on the defensive constantly. Um So yeah, I just I guess what I said, I'm still surprised that democrats could come up with a little more of a dynamic bye. You know I was just like a safe yes and God bless. I hope it works. But if it doesn't you know they're gonna be kicking themselves for the next four years. Really warm quarters,
But
he's pretty
long
reliever.
Yeah that's true, that's true for me again he was a safer bet you know.
Well, okay here what we what we uh when we tie this up with this question, what do
you think is going to happen with this election? Your your heart of hearts? What do you think is going to happen? I mean you got to believe there is a chance trump to get reelected. Just scary as hell.
I don't
know. The feeling is like, you know, I'm getting, it looks like Hillary is gonna be a walk in or and then you know the window, so kind of take the Hollywood, a grain of salt.
Well like the earlier said that that you were very into it after 2016 and you kind of tapered off because you know, you're you know, what's the purpose anymore? Are you going to get a little more vigorous again with like your political feelings? 2020 was elected? Or is he just going to stick your head in the sand and just wait for this to go away? I mean, not that bad. I mean not if you have the sand, but are you just gonna like God just kind of grip and grin and barrett?
Yeah, absolutely. Right. Actually.
it's
because I mean the last four years old, he's really been worried about reelection, you know, that's you know, and then legitimacy to the presidency, but four years it's like he's going to do what the hell he wants to, you know,
do.
No, no, that is scary sugar. Yeah,
I mean I let my opinion be known uh you know, I do not like trump and I will consistently do that. Um You're right. I don't know what I can do first and foremost. I just want this damn pandemic
over with, I want trump at office. I want this pandemic the end because it's just like what a nightmare combination, you know? It's like, right,
you
know, I'm like mass you know, pouches an idiot. That's like, oh God. Um But yeah, I've tried, I know what I'm gonna do. Hell I might move out of the country, you know? Yeah. So are or maybe move to some little island somewhere. I don't know, we don't have to read news for four years. I'm thinking I do but I just I just I don't know what his former trump. All I know is gonna be very unhappy. Very I can't deal with it second
sausage
reach up
before trump. But she quit before.
Yeah but like you said before like my sisters and her husband uh there big time republicans but they can't send trump. So her solution is she's just she's just not going to vote for the president, she's going to go vote leave. The president was like, she's like, she won't. But you know, it's like you're that stupid, just go for for joe biden is a lot of people, but you know, uh are you going to do
Thanks.
Yeah, I mean, I only hope, you know, ultimately with this is just like intelligent people had enough. I mean, he's, his based core base is always gonna be there. They're like we're saying, but you can't change. They're just they're they're, you know, they're his cult, so to speak. But if there's like intelligent voters out there, we just had enough, had enough of this nonsense. That's what's going to change this election. You know, the same enough trump. You gotta figure there's gotta be intelligent. Well, you hope they're intelligent people in this country, you know, what do you think there are? But you've got to hope this somewhere out there. There's there's an even rational thought that's going to work this out properly. I I know I know a little green fly around and the berries are going to go about lollipops and back. I'm banking on it. I can I'm hoping on it at least. I don't know if I'm banking that's the wrong word, but I'm hoping that's my home.
All right my man, I think I need a at the rest restroom. Thank you. Trying to, trying to nicest
to the bathroom. So hey, my name is run by the way,
Uh This is a very enjoyable conversation. It's gonna it's gonna touch it. You're very insulting,
you're a very intelligent person. It was it was nice talking to you.
Uh Yeah, it was a pleasure. I enjoyed this.
We are. We went over our time. We went about 20. Actually. Pretty good.
The people are gonna be looking at our conversation about jesus when he's gonna shut up 25 minutes to an hour. 20. Okay. I get it. Yeah. I
don't know.
You too, man. Take care. Alright. Take yourself.