Well
correct. I'm good, how are you,
you can hear me?
Ah I'm doing okay, how
about
you?
Oh where am I?
I'm sorry
thank you for explaining, I was a little bit confused. Um
I'm in indiana, how about you?
Oh Jersey Nice. I haven't been to Jersey
or
through Jersey in a long time.
Um I was born in north Carolina and I lived in new york for quite a while, yep.
Okay.
yeah I I haven't really gotten ever gotten a chance to really explore it but I've seen a couple of nice parts but most of the time it's been driving um to and from uh new york and florida. So a lot of the states on the east coast, I've just been through just
four or 56 times.
All
Mhm.
Well actually move there eventually.
Um Yeah so from north Carolina, new york florida indiana in florida I lived in Ocala in Marion county.
Yeah.
I, I think I, I think I know where you're talking about. I just haven't been there.
Yeah. There's actually a lot of places that uh I feel like I missed out on a lot of florida. I've only ever been to, You know, I've been to ST Augustine Daytona Orlando. Um Like fort Lauderdale in Tampa and and some some springs and stuff like that. But I haven't really been to any of the like really nice beaches that everyone talks about it. Like I missed all those.
No, I never even made us Miami beach.
Yeah. I never made it to the keys.
um I'd actually love to go to get some uh like real key lime pie. Like one thing I miss about florida is getting is like an actual actual key lime pie. Um and it's just, it just does not exist here, you cannot
get key lime pie here
or or like guavas, you can't get like guava and like others other kinds of fruit, you just just doesn't exist.
Could I make, could I make you limp? Oh uh yeah, I could certainly make it actually ended up bringing back some key limes from florida to uh indiana last time I traveled there. Um but I didn't end up making it into a pie, ended up using it to make uh a sort of cake with uh like candid key limes. So uh
I think that was the wrong decision.
You've
never you've never made a cake.
Oh I see that's uh actually opposite situation. Um Yeah my wife is not a great cook um and so I was forced to become a good cook.
It's
I'm
sorry.
Yeah
me too, I'm not actually a good cook, but um uh that's one of my major hobbies cooking and baking. I really love to ah I really love to um try to make some different and challenging things from different cultures, like I really like making a lot of east asian food and uh
welcome.
Yeah, like, oh, okay, so I'm hoping you can appreciate this, I think you'll be able to uh so you know the little rainbow cookies, the tricolor cookies, the italian tricolor cookies, I was actually able to make those recently. Yeah, because you can't, you can't get them here. So I had to, I had to make
them and they were there,
they were regret.
Yes, I do love making desserts. Um although I don't cook or bake nearly as much as I'd like to
uh, motivation, mostly, motivation.
Energy.
Right. Um yeah, I, I agree. Uh It's the same with all of my hobbies though, like I I'm really passionate about a lot of them, but um yeah, I uh there are a few circumstances that prevent me from really getting into them, like um one I do have a chronic inflammatory disease um so that really it's just a lot of body pain, often inflammation. Often it really kills motivation to do physical things. And uh the other being I have bipolar disorder, so part of that is a depression. So of course all of my hobbies take a hit every now and then. So in general it's hard to be get really passionate, so I'm not really into cooking as much as I'd like to be.
so I um the information is because is associated with Crohn's disease, so um I don't know if you're familiar with it.
Yeah, it's yeah, it's in my um upper it's in like right below my stomach, like right in my upper small intestine, there's like inflammation. Um And so I have to certain foods cause more inflammation
and if it gets if it gets too inflamed, yeah, if it gets too inflamed, you can actually like kind of close up and cause a blockage, which can have all sorts of very bad side effects. Like basically if nothing can pass through my stomach and to the rest to my Colin, then yeah, that's that's bad, there's just uh nausea, vomiting, etcetera.
Um So there's nothing I absolutely avoid. Um I think microns is actually fairly mild compared to a lot of people's. Um I have a friend with cones and he's had to have his uh intestines resection a few times. Um But for me, basically, I have to avoid um having spicy food too frequently and having very fibrous foods too frequently or too much at once.
Um to my knowledge and my understanding, it's because like fiber itself is just there is hard to digest. Um and uh just the way fiber physically, it's like its physical structure, it can like bind things easily, like cause you know like when you you pull apart like fruit and stuff and it's very fibrous, it's like kind of kind of uh strands stick together, that sort of stuff.
wow.
Right.
that's good, that's really good. Yeah, it's really um that's definitely really important as like medication um is very important and like therapy is often very important and uh typically the outlook the it goes better if you combine the two, like medication by itself is good and therapy by itself is good, but a combination of this year is the best.
Yeah like seeing like an actual like a therapist and different forms of therapy
So I I can I can sort of relate to that. Like I had been seeing a therapist for a while and then this pandemic hit and I wasn't physically able to go see my therapist. Um And then I and then I had the option of using telehealth to do video chats with them. But I am uh uh the whole motivation thing like it's kind of a pain in the ass
to do video chats like all this time. So I avoided it for months. Until until recently
I finally
started
doing
the video
chats again.
I
heard that I was confused because I was like what is that? It's not my notification
like like the little extension. Yeah. Yeah I use that.
Yeah. The same. yeah with my same therapist I have been talking to. So um I definitely understand the struggle of like this pandemic affecting like health care because I also haven't seen like my G. I. Specialist, my current specialist because he he's in florida. So I would travel to florida see him and see my family at the same time.
So
I've lived here. My uh my wife just bought a house now, just moved.
Uh Yeah I do know. Um
Mhm. Right. Exactly. Um But anyway um it's very good to hear that she's doing better. Um But definitely gotta definitely gotta push that consistency and seeing the therapist because it really does work like way better, way better with both of them.
Here's what I'm sorry.
Well
yeah it could be um
Yeah it also helps if uh um her family kind of take some steps to help understand like like what the disorder is and what causes it and how it can affect people because a lot of people don't actually understand what it means for someone to be bipolar. And uh from my experience, some people react just extremely poorly to hearing that um I am bipolar because they have just all of these misconceptions about what it is. So like just empathy and understanding um towards people with any sort of uh disorder is good, but as I think
bipolar
disorder is one of the big ones.
Yeah, but it happens.
Well, there's a like a serious lack of education about health care, not health care about mental health, also about health care, but uh mental health in the United States, I think um I think you I I don't know if you ask this rhetorically before you. I think you asked if you don't know if there's different types of bipolar.
um So there's um there's a few different kinds of um like cyclic cyclic mood disorders. Um But for adults it's pretty much usually bipolar. Type one and type two. Um
So type one is basically you have you have your depression component and then you have your media component. Um And mania is like um risk taking behavior, not sleeping, um agitation, racing thoughts. Like delusions. Like some people have like really massive delusions of grandeur uh to the point where they think they are like chosen by God. Um And you know they'll be they'll be like that for some amount of time, like days or some weeks. Yeah and then um it'll it can flip to being um a neutral mood um or they can go right into a depressive state and now suddenly they've gone from being awake for three days doing like you know just cleaning their apartment or whatever is spotlessly clean. They've done all their work, they've done everything, they think they are amazing and now they are completely depressed and don't want to move for however many days or weeks at a time.
Um I am actually, I'm not type one so uh um But I imagine it is it is very tough. Um And by Type two would be a somewhat similar, you have your depression component and then you have hypomania um which would be like hippo isn't like under, so like a sort of lesser form of mania um which is what I have, so that's usually um So I still get the lack of need for sleep. Um Like high energy, um more outgoing, um racing thoughts, faster speech, some risk taking behaviors, uh increased irritability. That's a big one. You can be bipolar, People can become extremely irritable and their hypomanic or manic
sort of stuff like that and then the same thing they can go from being hypomanic or I can go from being diplomatic to a neutral state um to depression. Um And typically it's typical that people, Type two has a worse depression that people will. Type one, the type one has to deal with the mania.
Yeah. Um Somebody like you know Kanye West is bipolar, he would be type one. Like he you know all his when he starts talking about how amazing he is and where he has like this, he acts like he's a prophet, he's he's
not being treated correctly.
there's a
I'm
sorry.
Yeah. Right. Yeah and he's he said he is bipolar, so when he starts acting like really wild out of nowhere um for a decent amount of time, it's probably just his mood is uh he's just cycled into a manic phase.
Yeah, we've we've talked about it quite a bit um we've gone to uh she had, she was struggling to understand it um because just by her nature she's kind of has difficulty with um really comprehending how somebody else's moods could be like changing your feeling. And so with me my moods being so wildly different from average um I eventually got to, the point was like drawing graphs for her and all this sort of stuff to show, like okay, so here's how it can change over time and now she kind of, she gets it, but it did take a while I think for a lot of people um you just cannot understand what what is like unless you have experienced it. It's just one of those things,
yes thank you very much.
well um it's actually not affecting me socially all very much. The biggest thing is that I can't travel to florida to see my friends and family. Um I actually don't really know anybody here. Um So I wasn't you know I wasn't going out and hanging out with anybody in the first place.
Yeah
it was it was really easy um
uh It was safe for her like we we both moved here at about the same time. Um uh
Well it was
hurt
her family, yeah she's from indiana but they live on the far north side and we're on the south side now like five hours away but she moved here for a job opportunity, a very good job opportunity after college. Um And so I moved basically she got here first and lived here for a few months decided that it's way too difficult alone and so I moved up with her.
Uh no actually we met online
um yeah um through a game actually uh pretty funny but I'm sorry
uh we we met through everyone who was loud so I tell her I told them we met through like an online game um
uh there's a good chance you haven't heard of it Dota two.
Yeah so we met through due to um
yeah it's kind of a wild experience um Technical you met through a mutual friend group but like we both of us only knew knew them because basically because of data but how did you and your wife meet
in Georgia?
well
that's pretty good.
What did you ah Major in?
Mhm. Yeah. Right so yeah you're disappointed in yourself for an english major so like what are
you what are you doing now?
you do
I
did
really What kind what kind of ah what kind of work
like? Ah I guess more more specifically with I. T.
I mean I I majored in I. T. I didn't finish my degree but I did major.
College of central florida. It was just a local four year school.
No
you're you're you're thinking of the bigger university I think.
Mr uh
It was just maybe I'm not I'm not sure it was just a college of central florida. Used to B. C. F. You? Um
No it's in Ocala it's it's it's smaller. I basically had gone there because it was essentially free with financial aid So I could essentially get a free, completely free like associates and a bachelors there for free and then move on to something another university if I wanted to.
uh basically uh I spent four years in north Carolina
and
then
uh the Outer banks kitty hawk.
Yeah, it's a it's I imagine it's really nice for vacation, a lot of really good ah like crabbing and fishing.
I think I know what, I think I know what place you're talking about, haven't been there, but I think I know what you're talking about.
Well
yeah, it was um I only lived there for years like since I was born to four years old. I do have a side, you have memories of it. Um But I I didn't really get the uh you know the whole experience and I lived, there's a long island for ah like six or so years and then I moved to florida where I lived for 12 or 13 years, so a lot most of my life was, has been a plurality of my life has been in florida.
Yeah, I I can relate to that, I definitely um identify with new york a lot um yeah, I really love a lot about new york um and I was kind of hoping I could uh move back at some point, but that's not looking like it's in my future currently. Um But yeah, there is, there is that duality of, you know, living and you know, if you live in New york, New Jersey, you're going to live in florida at some point,
Yeah, exactly.
uh I mean, I've no, I'm not aware of that one specifically, but I mean I've seen some extremely wild like florida and stuff, so I mean, people, people don't really understand what it's like in florida.
Oh yeah, people uh and even the stuff I've explained I witnessed firsthand, it was just so surreal, like just the worst stereotypes of of uh of people come to life and caricature carry basically caricatures of people, I never I didn't think could possibly exist, I have seen, and it's only in florida, like I've only experienced this in florida and I left florida, and it's just it was like uh just I was like some weird fever dream.
Yeah, exactly, I talked to my um I'm talking my wife about it and she's just like, what, what do you mean, what I don't understand, like what do you, Oh man. Um have you uh have you watched the florida project?
Okay. I was gonna say
Yeah, he was so good. But trying to,
trying, trying to describe it to somebody saying like, okay, so here's this movie and they'll, you know, they'll watch it and they'll say like, wow, that's kind of crazy. And you're like, no, you don't understand that is exactly how it is. Like
or
I saw I saw one person talking about it like um they had watched the movie thought, you know, wow, that's that's really wild. And then they moved to Orlando and then and then they saw like the place where the movie was filmed like the motel aware was filmed, they were like a mile away and they go, you know they go into the Target or walmart at night and it's just like screaming unattended Children and just all sorts of stuff and their their their world is just shattered.
mm
you know uh
I mean I guess it depends on how you define big into movies, but I'll explain after I suppose by going
Sean
baker.
No.
bread,
mhm
we did it
Thank
you.
Oh my gosh,
no that's fine. Um I was gonna say um Sean Maker, I think he's only ever done like a few movies in the first place, right? And then he hasn't done anything else, but
you should watch that, but and to your other point about things like canceling and stuff. I know there's at least a few series um that I like, like Mine Hunters I think is now is now on hiatus, like suspended and indefinitely
because
my Hunters is um uh I forget what year is it actually takes place. But it's two FBI agents developing their methods of profiling serial killers, killers.
I haven't actually watched the second season yet but I did see I'm pretty sure the third season is suspended now. I think it comes up
Yeah it was really good.
Yeah. Um uh I I haven't really been a huge fan of going to um movie theaters like I don't dislike it but in general um for most movies I don't find a benefit. There's some movies of course that really benefit from having the big screen in the sound system and everything like that, like that's great, I can appreciate that. Um I agree. But a lot of movies I would prefer to have, I would prefer to just watch at home just because um it's cheaper, it's easier.
Yeah you're right like the spectacle movies.
Yeah that's perfect.
No.
And
no I'm sorry.
I mean easy medications like actually um I talked to my prescriber, I was saying how like I have a hard time with like some attention um intensive tasks like II tasks, tasks, which a lot of like multitasking. Um. Uh huh. Just trouble focusing like brain fog and all that. And she prescribed me after all. I don't think I've been officially diagnosed with A. D. D. Or anything like that, but I was displaying symptoms to have a prescription for it and that's been really great. Like that's life, it was life changing,
So that's a good question. I think it's I'm not sure if I actually have A. D. D. Or if I just have some similar symptoms because of like bipolar disorder and and like you know uh dealing with information. But for me at least I still like I can noticeably feel like feel feel very noticeable difference I notice will be feel better um when I take it. But also another factor is that it might have been like you might take it like a higher dose than what somebody would typically take for just managing like symptoms and stuff like that. But uh it's it can definitely be definitely be noticeable. Especially like if you take it for the first time you you increase your dosage it could it can be um uh one you know one moment you're feeling um brain fog and everything like that, you can't focus. You feel just kind of blow and then half an hour an hour later you are like ready to go,
it's
it's so worth it to get checked. It's so worth it. Like I can I can't imagine having not gone to and gotten like therapy and diagnosed and get and then got medication for like attention stuff. I can't imagine not having done it, I would just be so so much worse off.
Yeah, you can try and go in like a off time.
Mhm. Yeah, it's it's I don't know, I'm kind of over the mindset that it's like it is um normally I'm not the one to kind of preach morals, but I think it's sort of like an ethical responsibility for people to self quarantine as much as possible, especially because I might have that opinion because I'm immune compromised. Like the my just having the information and then I take a medication that also um harms my immune system, like my immune system is kind of nuked. So I have to be, I have to be very careful. So you know, uh I hadn't, the first time I had actually gone out to a store since this started was like uh I don't know, maybe two months ago, a month and a half ago I went to Lowe's and that and that was it's been very a couple times in between, but it's always been off hours and full mass social distancing going out of my way to like avoid people. Um And even even if I'm going out of my way to avoid people, this one woman walked up and coughed on me as she went by, so so you know, so yeah, it's a struggle, but yeah, like I'm not I'm fine with quarantining myself like this is this is worth it.
yeah, it's like I think a great comparison was um you know people who are upset about having to wear masks in private businesses um should also be mad that they have to wear like a shirt and shoes and private businesses to
you know sort of thing. Nobody, nobody complains about that, nobody complains about having to wear certain shoes when you go into like a Mcdonald's or a restaurant. Yeah, you know, you shouldn't be complaining about having to wear a mask.
exactly.
there's a good chance to
it's been it's kind of been a bizarre four years.
yeah, I'm not I'm not a I'm not a fan of biden um
If I had another choice, if I had another choice, you know, I I voted for, I voted for Bernie, I'm a Bernie supporter.
Yeah, exactly, but I mean there's you know, if if if you dislike trump, you should be voting for biden
and there's so many, there's so many people who are like just Mhm, I'm kind of of the opinion. Um I mean this is definitely this is definitely a really far tangent right now, but uh a little bit of leg
yeah, there you go. Um we're definitely a bit of a tangent now but it's really good um The
Yeah,
pretty good. Uh Yeah um I mean I I have I have plenty of free time right now, so I
was prepared, I was prepared.
right, the the the people who are like okay, I really hate trump and they don't like biden so they're going to vote third party. Um
That's that's how I feel about it, like okay if if you really if you really hate trump that much you should vote for the person who has the best chance of beating trump
like which is biden
and like I I I understand what they are saying but I can definitely not agree with their position.
so
well I I will I'm not going to tell you directly but I'll give you this the former governor, they are the very last governor was mike pence.
huh.
I lived here for a few months um while he was still governor
and uh it was wild, just like everything everything about pencils wild. So yeah it's pretty it's pretty conservative.
No all
every everybody from New york and New Jersey was was was already hated trump. Every they were already telling, you know trump is a piece of shit, we already know it, we already know he's awful like you don't have to we don't have to do anything else, we already know he's bad and he still gets elected.
exactly. My mom and I watched it like we just dumbfounded like this is like this cannot be happening, like how is this actually possible?
it's already, this last four years have felt like eternity.
Like I I sort of I was um I used to be extremely active in terms of um trying to engage with people about it about like politics um for like 2.5 years since 2016, I was I was active before that, but it got to a point where it was just, it just doesn't do anything.
It's just
Yeah. It's just there's out of like the dozens and dozens and dozens of like specifically trump supporters I've talked to. It was just, you know, you can lay out any kind of argument you want, you can you can give them like 30 different citations and sources for something and it's just never good enough. It is
just impossible.
It's like, it's like, I don't know, like 20 to 30% of the like of us voters are just like unmovable in their in their position on trump. They just like they will love him no matter what like uh it's astounding and that's why I was primarily using facebook to like comment on like friends post and stuff like that, like about political stuff. And then I got to got to the point where it was just I
gave
up there was nothing.
Yeah. It's it's just incredibly bad um like sort of in group out group politics, I think a lot of it is they love trump because it just pisses off progressives and like liberals to no end, like just just because the democrats hate trump so much, that's why they like that's why they like trump because otherwise because otherwise there there's like conservatives in the United States did not uh but the vast majority did not used to be like this, but so many of them aligning with uh with trump and his policies, like I just kind of out of nowhere, the sudden divide has just been really really strange,
like I knew there was.
yeah, that's the weirdest thing
is like Romney, like, uh,
you're, you're, you're right. I'm pretty sure like Ted cruz, um,
ted cruz and rand paul, paul, Ryan. Like, um, those, those three were like super anti trump and now it's like they flipped,
absolutely.
That's all the, all the name calling, what is, what is with all the name calling? You go like every, they have to come up with some cute little nickname for every single democrat.
You really do realize that Fauci, that's not his job, right? The Fauci job is not to throw pitches, right?
At least pence, pence is predictable in a way that trump isn't, which is, which is uh, yeah, pence, like he's a corrupt politician. He kind of works within the system. And because democrats, you know, all of, a lot of these democratic politicians can't deal with the fact that trump is like not working within the system, they're still trying to play, you're still trying to play ball and it just doesn't work and like they can so they can deal with pence like that would be fine, even though pence is some sort of reincarnation of satan
No.
he still is, he still is, he's uh he's extremely anti abortion and he's also recently stated that he will be um he won't be alone in a room with a woman that like isn't his
wife or he won't even with all that sort of stuff like it's
what?
How
is how is this matter? Vice president?
Oh no, he would be an awful
Yeah. Right. Yeah, but those who are standing in the way of McConnell being president, so.
it's
uh I mean the whole thing with trying to get trump out of office has been going on since he got into office like you know when he was elected it was like okay well he lost the popular vote and you know the all sorts of stuff with how he it wasn't legit like how his election wasn't legitimate like I still don't believe his election was legitimate.
A lot a lot of people don't and then there's all every every every now and then there's another thing like okay well this is the thing we're going we're going to get trump with he's gonna get we're going to prove this, he did this and then he's gonna get he's gonna be out and then it would be proven and nobody would care like it was just it did nothing to him like the like the impeachment like without the impeachment was gonna be it and they just it was just corrupt, it just didn't matter.
Yeah, I think it's it's uh I think it's because the he's a symptom and a problem at the same time um he wouldn't be able to exist uh without the backing of like the entirety of the Republican Party because like the entire Republican Senate is in my in my mind um the elect McConnell and all of the rest of them uh that he's basically shielding for are all complicit because they refused to do anything about trump,
so they they allow this, they allow this to happen.
So I mean it goes it goes I think it goes much deeper than people even being trump supporters, like even if you're not trump supporter, if you're still voting for these people to be in our government, then like you're voting for people who are supporting trump directly or a little bit indirectly. Um And so it's it's it's extremely deep rooted problem, I think, especially when you start considering things like um uh the alt right, and how um like the KKK didn't really go away, the fascists didn't go away, like they've been America the whole time. Um like the nazis didn't go away, like all these extremists, they never left America um when you look at all these organizations, like the proud boys and all that, and they're all they all support trump and trump legitimizes them
and
and the other republican politicians are okay with it. So this is like, it's extremely like widespread and deep rooted problem and that's why trump, can we can't get rid of him,
yeah, and yeah, and I think it goes to um I don't know, it it really it really is such a um complex issue to the extent that um basically every conservative has been voting against their own self interest for a while now. Um and yet they still continue to vote in these senators who are, you know, bought by like mega corporations and all this sort of stuff and they removed money from health care and they removed money from education and they move money from the answer infrastructure and all they do is damage their state um and people still vote for it, so it's it's it's just really it's just really um
intense.
yeah, I don't think you can really give an inch at this point because at least in my mind I I tend to I think I have more of an extreme view on this and a lot of people do um because I'm politically very far left um I'm much more progressive than like America's like progressive typically. Um Excuse me? So when I see like having to if I had to compromise with like trump's policies like that's a really bad compromise because in my opinion trump is an authoritarian, like he's a racist, sexist authoritarian, he is like extremely fascist tendencies like that you don't compromise with that, you can't compromise with that and the whole party is supporting it. Like you can't give an inch if it giving an inch means losing like um L. G. B. T. Q. Plus rights losing like abortion rights like um more just like uh worst lives minorities like you can't just give those things to them like that doesn't make sense so there there is no way to have a push and pull. at least in my mind like it has to be it has to be all or nothing in in this in this case like with with trump and like the modern Republican party um like democrats have to win, there has to be every election we have to electing more democrats.
Democratic
said in the house Democratic governors, democratic judges, everyone has to be everyone like everything like alexandria Ocasio Cortez and Ilhan Omar are like extremely like great progressive um politicians but like we need more just all the time just more and you can't give anything at all to the other side um And that that's kind of why I like I I can't have like I can't be friends with somebody who's like voting trump
like it just, it just will not work like you've seen the past four years like I will show you I will give you a list of like his atrocities and all of these things and if you're still voting for him then like that's it. We're done
like there's
All
Because like if if you're voting for trump, that's that's detrimental to me. That's detrimental to the people that I care about. And and uh I love like if um if I get worse health care because you voted for trump, that's really bad for me.
Like that's that's that's really really bad for me. Or you know, if you vote for a candidate who opposes same sex marriage and you have a gay friend who wants to get married to their part to the, you know, they're gay partner, you're directly you're voting directly against the best interests of a personal friend of yours. Like I don't know how people can justify doing that,
Mhm. Thank you.
All
Yeah, I think it's just because like, even though even though the modern Republican Party is like all is just, you know, way out there and awful like the modern Democratic Party, a lot of the of the Democratic Party, like the top democratic of the Democratic Party are would not that progressive. They're like, they're corporatists, they like they like their money and
that goes away when you start getting uh you know, all the money of the, of the people, the top politicians
and the wealthy
starts
being reduced, starts being reduced. We start getting more progressive and you know, there Bernie Sanders gets there and he's like wants all these extremely progressive like uh relative to american politics policies like with health care and taxes on wealthy and all that and that makes them lose money, so you know what they would want biden instead.
Yeah, thank you. Is closer closer to closer to the norm, the norm I suppose closer to an establishment democrat, but and he also biden has in the past, biden wasn't that progressive, like he fairly conservative a lot I guess. She was like with his uh um criminal justice reforms and like uh I can't remember all the specifics is actually, but like war on drugs is a war on drugs stuff.
What?
No, I know there, I think there's a real chance that will be re elected. I'm not sure I can say one way or another who I think will be um according to polling, biden is likely,
but
exactly. So I'm kind of I'm very hesitant to like you know um put my confidence and that biden is going to win because I just I'm just going to fall apart if I'm like, if I've just become too certain that biden is going to win in the trump once again and I have to deal with this four more years,
Um I think I'll have to become more active again to the greatest extent that I can be the most like effective because, you know, I can't really, did you like, you know, door to door, all this sort of grassroots stuff? Um necessarily uh especially not with like this pandemic going on. Um
but I think I would at least try to be much more um engaged in any social circles I'm in to really try and uh push against as much as possible because otherwise it's like it's it's if he's elected for another four years, it's only going to get worse especially
with.
Yeah, exactly, you know, and just recently he just recently he legitimized a uh white supremacist group. He the proud boys,
like he's he's he's had these tendencies building for four years, like what's going to happen in the next four years with him out with him openly supporting like racial violence, like racial violence groups? Like well that's I would I wouldn't be able to just like ignore it.
Yeah. What about you? Are you gonna like, what are you, what are you going to do? What do you think, What do you think is gonna happen?
Look.
and trump's making the paint made the pandemic worse too,
so like
Yeah, it's it's tiring, it's definitely tiring.
My mom even got to the point. My mom used to be um like very grassroots, politically active, like um like treasurer of um like democratic executive committee in Marion county in florida and you know, met all like the top, a lot of the top democrat people in Democratic Party in like the state of florida and at a national level, she was very into, it has like contacts with like uh congress people and all that. She quit doing that some years ago and then.
Sorry?
yeah, she quit, she quit before trump, but she was still like uh like active and engaged in helping out the party. Um and then like a little bit after trump was elected, she just kind of like just gave up, she's like, I'm just not watching the news anymore, that's it, I'm done, just don't talk to me about it.
exactly. I think I've got a my my best friend has historically been a conservative, like I've known him since I was like 12 and I think he voted for trump the first time, but I kind of can't blame him because his whole family's conservative and really puts the pressure on him. Um But I don't know how, how he's voting this year, like after four years of trump. I'm sure his parents like I'm sure his family can't stand trump anymore, but like
if if he's still voting for trump or if he's not voting, it's going to be I don't even know what I'm gonna do.
Yeah, me too. Yeah. Uh huh.
Partner.
Yeah, my name is Daniel. I was gonna say we did an exchange.
I was I'm sorry.
Oh, thank you. You are two extremely friendly. Very generous conversationalist.
Thank you.
Yeah, I hope so. I hope we finish their time. Um
All
right. Ah Thank you very much. You have a great evening.
All right. You, too.