what? Uh huh. Yeah. Morning, how are you?
I'm good good. Trying to make sure it's all working properly. All right after
you all set up. Mhm
So where where in the world are you?
wow. How's it going up there right now?
Um I am currently in north Carolina outside of Boone. Um I don't know if you know where that is or not. Cool. That's right. It's like two hours north of Asheville. That's all right. That's all right. Yeah. So um we were just watching your your governor last night. Yeah.
So you still,
are you still on lockdown?
You set up
a little bit
or?
What's
that been like if you
don't
mind me asking, you know what it's like
to
work in the midst
of all
of it?
Sorry, I don't know is it
my connection or it's like river bing or?
Yeah, let me see, I don't know what, I'm just trying to see what I
can do.
The speakers in the
computer.
Oh okay. Yeah I can whatever I say
something
and
I hear myself say
it afterwards
as an eco uh No, I was just asking like what would have been like working what kind of on the front lines during all of this?
The front line? Uh huh.
So are there more people um like being in and stuff because of it like just mentally you know everything that's going on?
All
some days
are good that you know all of that stuff.
um So I do
independent
consulting.
I am used
to travel
for
work and
I have
little too girl
and
that
little now I
guess
but
we
switched that
I am so that I could
be
not
traveling.
So
this basically
be like advertising.
Clearly not really helping you are?
Yeah, I don't know what and I'm sure if I try to reopen it then it will cut it off. You know like all together I will fire.
So do you have a bird? Is that what I heard?
Are they like hurricanes or pirates are?
Oh that's cool. Very cool. So have you been doing lipstick long?
Sorry. I don't know why.
It's so bad. I was saying having been doing over six long the surveys.
Oh, that's
Yeah. That's awesome.
It's yeah, it's good. It adds that my husband was doing it and I was, I didn't know anything
about
it. And uh then I was like oh you're like actually getting money. I'm like let me
do that
too. So we both started doing it cool. Yeah.
Yeah. We were, we were in florida. We just moved up here in the midst of all of them. Been crazy. Uh huh.
no we were planning already to move up here and like when we got here, when it all first happened. Yeah so that's
been fun
but we're actually
starting like a mini farm. Yeah
we
wanted,
yeah we're getting chickens, we're gonna have goats. Um we just started planting all of our vegetables and all that. Okay.
Yeah, it's a different place. And will you do? Yeah. Oh
my gosh.
Oh my gosh, that's funny.
Are funny.
That's hilarious, That's awesome.
Are you from new york
originally?
cool,
cool.
So it's hard to know like what's actually happening versus what we see on tv, you know, is it just as crazy as it seems
well
we don't have cable but we like we watched Youtube uh it seems like everyone's losing their
minds
one.
Oh my goodness!
Oh my goodness, so when you're not working and you're trying to sleep, can't sleep? Uh huh.
No that's good,
so you guys wear like masks and everything at work?
like that?
Oh my goodness!
Sorry, I like asked 700 questions, sorry? Oh
that's
good.
Okay my my son woke up at 4:45, so I've had like five cups.
Yeah and just got my shower himself. Yeah, so what what kind of pre existing looks super healthy?
Oh my uh my mother in law is a pediatric pulmonologist in Bulgaria, that's where my husband is from, and uh they did antibody test for like 1000 people and it was less than 1% that actually had, it seems like people working very closely with me, so. Uh huh.
Yeah. It's uh it's all really crazy.
Yeah. I know my husband, my husband was more than Bulgaria. He moved to when he was 25 but it's hard to explain to him to like it's always been this crazy here. Yeah. Like this is not normal
at
No it's been like 15 years. He's just uh he's never seen anything
like bad here, you know? And I've never seen in my life I'm anything like this. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Everyone just seems like they lost their minds and stuff so angry with each other. People get mad about the mask like like just put your mask on.
That's
good.
But.
Exactly. It's.
boon boon itself is liberal and this we are actually a blue state. Like you're in the mountains so you've got like the mountain people that are on our own planet. They don't they just don't want anyone telling them what to do. And I'm like, well shoot you if you go on their property and I get it. But
Say to your cell phone here,
Well
water,
All
Yeah. I think that's like what people are missing and all of this is like other people's perspective, you know, like no one thinks about that. Uh huh.
My husband is a tennis coach. Um and he was saying they're still going to have the U. S. Open that I can't
believe that.
Yeah. The tennis tournament. It's in queens. Yeah, but like the world number one player got diagnosed with it. And so there are all these people, most of the tennis players are foreign so they would have to fly here. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Mhm.
it's all about the money.
I did this um ironically um like probably like
a month or two a barrel and decided that they paired me up with in Detroit
from Detroit. So yeah and of course we talked all about coronavirus. So yeah, I wonder, I wonder what the purpose is. Have you done this before?
Oh that's cool. You know, I was wondering if the reverb of my voice is part of it
Because
I I mean I've won videoconferencing for work for like 10 years, you know? And usually it's when you call in
and click on a video link and there's like you going but I haven't just click the link so I don't know. Not sure.
What's your name by the way?
Yeah, I'm Audrey.
Oh thank you. T
is pretty too, I knew a girl named to you. Well I still know her. Mhm. Uh awesome. I think we have like six more minutes. Huh?
Oh I just I looked at the clock. Um mm.
Oh that's sorry. Yeah. Yeah so um just that we've been uh going we bought like raw land so we've had to
have them like put in a drug wing, you know? Well lamb
like property.
I want lamb lamb here.
Yeah exactly. Yeah. No the property so there is like no driveway, you know no water, no power one of that. So we're going through that whole process of them installing it and it's been fun. Yeah.
Yeah
that'd be good.
There were some I mean it's small here like the town, it probably has like 50 600 people. So Yeah we were we lived in Atlanta before, that's where we met. We lived there for 10 years. So we weren't always like rural folks. Yeah, we wanted to get away from all the craziness before any of this hit the fan. You know? I was already getting tense.
Yeah, most days you know we have we have a toddler who doesn't like to sleep. So yeah, I haven't slept in like two years. But other than that we're good. Yeah. No, it's fun though because there's like we're actually staying in an RV right now until everything is ready and across the street there's like all these are pals and horses and stuff, so my son likes to see that. Yeah,
can you understand me or no. So is it okay. Okay,
it's okay. I just like wondering if it's popping it off. Mhm.
You what?
And
me too. My my husband is like super exuberant in the morning and I'm like don't talk to me right now. I have um are we have the little uh we have the hearing but I read the like little reusable pods
so and so I always like before I go to bed I like get it prepared, put it in so that it's like in the machines all I just have to hit the power
button and good to go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how people deal without caffeine. Mhm.
Yeah, I have that too.
Yeah. It's fun sometimes it's really like when I was traveling for work a lot of times like the flights would leave at like 7:00 AM so it have to be like or you know, so I would be like plugging coffee and my when I would put my head on the pillow at night it was just so loud. Oh I'm drinking coffee. So I tried switching teeny but if this doesn't um doesn't have the same effect. Uh
Yeah. I ordered some off of amazon. I think it was called jesse and it was supposed to have like the same amount of caffeine as coffee, but I did not experience that. But
Yeah. My husband prefers um well he likes to have espresso so he hates like the american coffee. He says it's a week, you know, so we have an espresso machine and the cure egg, you know? Yeah, the espresso for me doesn't do anything like it doesn't taste like ever feel like it has anymore Kathleen or anything.
Yeah. We actually, we
were in Bulgaria visiting my mother in law in february and that was like right when everything was first
starting. But we connected through Istanbul. Ah So I had the coffee with that sam that grit that's in it. Mhm.
of the Bulgarian cuisine has a lot of Turkish influence since their neighbors.
I love
it.
Oh yeah, there's lots of cool places to see at least in new york you get a taste of uh a lot of different cultures, you know?
Or
and.
where
where in the city are you?
Okay? I don't, you know this is gonna
sound so ignorant but the only reason why no.
Staten
Island is from Sex in the city.
Yeah that's cool. I've I've only been like in the city and then I had to fly into like Newark a lot and then drive in. Um I hate the Newark airport but but I did, we do it, we flew from Bulgaria, we did um Orlando to JFK JFK to Istanbul and then Istanbul to Bulgaria
It was fine. But I'm telling you on the way
back
we were February 29 is when we got back to the states. No one checked temperature
but not at customs. It was easiest it's ever been like there
was no protocol, I was like this is, you know, and there were people on the plane like coughing, I was like creeped out all the time. What?
wow. Yeah, I thought for sure with everything going on that you know that they would be more, you know, checking and what Not not not at all,
Oh my gosh.
And people are probably like don't steal my bag if you're like trying to move it, you know?
Of course I'm just a bunch of black suitcases. All look the same. Too funny.
Oh, good. I think we hit our 25 minutes.
Good. We'll have a good monday. Stay
safe out there. Thank you for working during
all of this, and
All right. Thank you.