Good you?
I think
so. New
york city yeah
it's going, where are you from?
yeah
you still
you want to lock down?
We
got
a little better. Um well there were on what's called Phase two, I don't know a whole lot about it. I've been sent to workers so I've just been working. Um and I think we're in the middle of that, I don't know if we're gonna go to phase three or not, it's always announced like kind of last minute whether it's going to happen so. Yeah. Yeah.
What's
that been
like?
I
got
that
work
and all of it. Um I missed the last part of what you said
sorry.
Like a teeny tiny bit.
I'm
outside. Are you using the speakers in your computer or external speakers?
The
speakers on the computer all of us anyway.
Whatever
I say
I
hear
myself say that.
What was it like to work on all the lines?
um Well I mean I managed a psychiatric unit so I'm not like you know right next to that part of everything. But um yeah we've had our share of scares but I mean it's just really hard work. It just never ends with no a it just never ends with like no light at the end of the tunnel and you just go go go non stop and I don't know you just think life is just going to be like that and everybody got like huge races and really nobody carries. We'll just want to lay on the beach so Yeah.
Uh huh. Has mental health increased? Like have there been more issues? Oh my clients have been surprisingly resilient. Um I mean I work with people who
are severely mentally ill so they're not necessarily aware of their surroundings on a good day. They might not know who the president is or what day of the week it is or anything like that. So um we wonder sometimes how much information there really getting we're repeating ourselves that but I I don't know what in what way they're really taking it five. Um
Go
why what are you doing?
I
didn't
independent consulting.
I am
used to
travel
for work
and I have
little two
year
old
you
know
I guess
like
this which
I
was so that
I could
be
about traveling
so
that's basically what I've advertised.
Sometimes like the last three words of your sentence are like just getting garbled.
no I just cut it off. Yeah.
Yeah I got a few of them over there. I
got two cockatiels and I just inherited a parakeet as a rescue.
what?
All
So guys. Oh, prolific. I don't know, maybe like a couple of years. I want to say
something like, you know, they pay in euros. So there was a time that I didn't know if I was going to go over to europe for vacation or what, so I just wasn't touching it. So I had like been doing surveys on there for like, I don't know, over a year. And then I was like, oh yeah, I have money in this account. And I really, I had like hundreds of dollars on this account. I was going to maybe save it and take it out for one day when I go, you know to Europe and use it as euros. But then I realized it wasn't happening and it was kind of like finding a 20 in the dryer. I
didn't realize I had that much in there.
Keep
watching.
european.
Union
Mhm,
You moved up to north Carolina to get away from what was going on virus wise in florida.
is
on
actually. Yeah.
It's
like
uh animals and everything.
Okay.
I think uh the last time anybody signing animals around here, they call the cops every now and then your we have the citizen app. I don't know if you have that and it says all the crime in real time, all over new york city, But it's not just crime, it's 911 calls. So every now and then you'll see like vicious possum or
a raccoon or raccoon in apartment
because
nobody knows what to do. So they just call the cop.
But
No,
no, I've been here uh 13 years now. Mhm.
Oh
yeah.
I don't have a T. V. So I don't know what you're seeing on tv.
But
All
right. I don't know if you're talking about like the virus of the looting or both. But yeah I mean
curtains up crimes pretty bad, it's pretty much back to the 1980s crime statistic wise now. Uh Yeah. Yeah but it's just weird stuff going on like fireworks like crazy across the city all day, all night for weeks and nobody can really figure out why all of a sudden all of these people just got interested in fireworks. Like
there was always an issue with it. But now it's particularly bad because most people can't tell the difference between fireworks and gunshots, So it's constant 911 locking up the lighting up the grid all across New York City. So we think people are going to be like doing it to preoccupy the cops to distract them away from. Yeah, it's just, it's ridiculous. It's all ours all day, all night.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not stopping. I mean the sirens were louder than the fireworks are now, so at least those have stopped going nonstop. But,
and
yeah, yeah. I wear like extra PPE. I do, um, the masks and the goggles and then I have this hat with like advisor that comes down as well. Yeah.
Because that pre existing, so if I got it, I could wind up on a ventilator.
Well,
that's fine. I'm still waking up with my coffee. So that's, that's
great
that you're like that
Obama. Um,
yeah. No, I was born with chronic asthma. So, but I have like dozens of severe allergies as well. So that just makes it a million times worse. So yeah I got what's going to happen I guess. I've been too good with the PPE because I got my antibody test and I was hoping it was positive and that I had it and I was in asymptomatic person and that I don't have to be fearful anymore. But it was negative. Was pistol big.
Uh huh. Yeah. It sounds like we're gonna need the vaccine after all. Well the people are not getting.
so okay.
he just came over
when?
that's
that's
one of those things that I'm hearing people are hearing about on tv or is happening elsewhere but I've never actually experienced that myself.
I'm
really not sure why anybody would get mad that you do or mad that you know I don't know, New york city is pretty fairly liberal. I can think of
some more liberal places in the States, but you just wouldn't get in anybody's business about something like that. If you're worried they don't have a mascot, then like go walk that way. It's
like, you know, life only gets harder from here. This is part this is just this morning. Uh huh
And uh
then there's like people who, well, well into the virus still haven't gotten the message is really because I mean in queens new york alone, there's there's 100 and 57 languages spoken and they're not
necessarily do in english. So how are they getting all of these messages? Like they're they're really not. So they're
coming out into public seeing this and you can see them kind of stopping and staring and you're trying to communicate to them and they're not incredibly assertive so you have to try to figure out that there's a language barrier which language is go retreat. The translations bring the translations to them and try to get them to read it because now they think you want to sell them something, why do you need them to read this? And
like chris for thing and they're just trying to walk into the store like why are you harassing us? Why can't we just go into the store like everyone else to buy something and you're like no don't read it and uh.
well here you have to to an extent but it's like what perspective would you think of? There's a bazillion different ones. I mean you have to guess the person's language and culture and you know maybe in some places that simple because it's it's usually the same pool of five or 10. But here you can get the X cure one that you yourself have never heard of. You have to figure out what your
Us
open. Was that tennis or something?
I mean queens is one of the hardest hit areas. I would think they move it to one of the areas where it's not. But uh
No. So is this your first time doing this video thing or your second time?
The
person you paired up with was what?
Yeah. This is my second time. I was actually surprised we could talk to each other. So like the first time it was with this kid from L. A. And um it's as if one of us was muted but the other was not and we're both pretty tax saving and we could tell it wasn't like something going wrong on either one of our ends. We used this technology all the time. And so we like came to the conclusion that that was part of it to see how you would cope if you can't get a person. And so for a while we were trying lip reading or we were trying signs or symbols or repeating the question. So simple. Or like we finally realized like, oh yeah, and went and got a pen and paper. So I actually had a pen and paper handy this time thinking it was going to happen again,
I
don't
know.
I'm
here.
Yeah, that's pretty
well.
stuff like that. Are you turning okay?
I usually did the, I did the stopwatch thing last time, but I forgot to hit it too late this time. So I just know that it's a couple of minutes behind but
rah
bruh land.
I
thought you said rah lamb. I'm like, I think you're supposed to cook it.
huh.
So
you got protests and stuff where you're at or no.
Now, but it's relaxing out there.
waking
up here like it's
good. I knew my name. That that was way, it's
good. I knew it. It's good. I knew my name before I was done drinking copy it. I
think. I don't know what it is. I just wake up. I've always been like that.
No.
That's
yeah, I don't either. But then again, every now and then when it's silent. Okay. Okay. Good morning to you too. Every now it's silent. I think I have some of that tinnitus were like, then I noticed the regular between my ears, but it was like, I would never notice it or anything, only just when I'm sitting down quiet and then I went and read about it and they read it, it's primarily caused from caffeine and think if you're a regular caffeine person
well,
I don't think either.
me neither. I've met a lot of people from the UK who say that it's the exact opposite with them. Like they feel like there's no caffeine and coffee and I don't know, it's sort of interesting, but usually they say like, no, that's not good enough and they're kind of surprised. We don't have a million tease every place that you go. Mhm
speech I think it's mainly like a kind of like a bitter thing kind of like, I don't know if you ever had Turkish coffee, maybe it's like a big thing, it's about the taste briquettes,
referee.
Any
Now. Uh
mm hmm. Go. So yeah,
I never
area flew over Turkey. We've never been to Turkey.
Yes, I know there's some areas where integrated. There's other areas where there's, you know, just like you got little italy and in chinatown, it's kind of not mentioned, but you have other, you know, ethnic cultural communities as well where you know, it's um it's pretty six or satellite of diversity in each of those individual neighborhoods and diversity. Then now we got an issue with gentrification, which is a whole, another hot sensitive topic out here and but that's how they were trying to get the crime writes down, but we have a liberal mayor who eliminated bail. I'm not like liberal or not liberal. I'm not taking a stance, but I mean he's extremely liberal in that he completely and totally eliminated so nobody
can be really held in jail. He emptied
out the jails before coronavirus and now anybody who's like crying that they're afraid of coronavirus, he's just living out of jail. And So now we're like back to 25 plus shootings, uh, in a 24 hour period every single day and it's been like this for months. Here
comes.
I'm in Staten Island right next to the bridge son. Like really, I'm closer to Manhattan than coney Island is.
educated
in
your opinion.
Oh, I haven't watched that show, but yes. Staten Island and a lot of Tv shows now. Yeah.
Jefty.
Certainly
not.
Paper
Well,
You went through JFK customs. Oh yeah, they're usually pretty easy. Yeah.
Right. No, you know JFK laguardia is the airport you want to avoid? Oh my word. I just extra to avoid it now. It's just, it's so old that they can't help. So like it's time that I was in there um flying back into new york. I went to go get my luggage and I realized they have less terrorist cells than they do um AIDS and terminals. So Your luggage, no joke is statute like five suitcases high and it's like whipping by,
well other people's stuff off. Not break it, not tick them off, get yours out and then put their forget it, forget it. Never
everybody thinks everything because there's and it's not there as they all look like nobody put anything to distinguish.
Break
Young. True too.
It
I just
no worries. Yeah.
You're enjoying