what's happening here? Yeah. Yeah. Hey,
I'm fine. You're outside. I was thinking of doing that.
What?
Beautiful day. Where are you located?
I'm in south Carolina
so
himself? Not as self as you.
sure
we are.
We're still in the high 80s this week.
did have a cool down for a little while in between
and that was
so nice. Yeah, everyone, I've talked you up until now lives in an apartment
so I thought it would be really nice to take them outside so they could enjoy that. Um But see you had the same thought, so
I don't have to.
it's not nice.
I've only
talked to people
at
night.
I'm
kind
of a halo
of little baby hairs that stick up.
well mine's getting there. I've got the salt and pepper.
You're
just getting salt here.
Here's
a little bit about and
see your mom is getting a little lip
you
Well
I think maybe I'm a little
bit older than. It's also
gotten
I think that weighs
it down. It's got
this
this
Yes it's not thick, it just has like this long
rat tail.
I
cut
him right about
there.
nobody
can tell
you
get a
lot. So
I haven't
said
yeah.
that's about
what I need to do.
Ming. I'm 59.
Thank you.
I'm 59.
I love this
camp.
I am. Maybe it's because I'm wearing glasses, I can't
see without them.
yeah, you know I do have to think about because at one point you lose track. But yeah, I'm turning 16 like three weeks.
and I don't
it's really salting up. Um I mean
it's not like it's frosted yet but it's got it's just that they don't they're not together so it doesn't like have streaks of gray yet. But every time I wash it, it's like it's like I'm washing in a
new and then straight,
but
I can't
like
this
because we never
did anything in my hair. I never frosted it. I never
died or
anything. And it's sort of cool. It's like I have um silver metallic extension sprayed it
into it like
because they're
sparkly and shiny.
I
keep are settled.
I didn't
get
it
throughout their in different ways. So you don't have like a stripe and it's not all gray. So you're not gonna have a line where air is growing out a different color.
How?
but it's pretty, I mean people spend a
lot of money and highlights
have nature of highlights.
and it's really hard with our hair. Me, it's a lot of hair, you know, trying
to get a product
down in there and everything and
then you have to put it up in a little captain Sanogo and it just, we've just been up with like stripes and die all over us or half
our house covered with die and then
then maybe start growing out and if they have to do
it, you
all
Poor.
was struck me do it if I was loaded with money and I could get it done every two weeks, just go in and let them
deal with my hair. But
that's
just not my life. And it's like
$200
every time you go in there.
I
hear,
People
just
make
more money
than we can understand.
Like the middle
class
is $2-$400,000
and that doesn't sound with me that sounds like really rich. But yeah it's just.
I could do
my own when I was younger and they were fine but I never never had a manicure.
Where
what?
Well
because I'm a pet sitter and that's related to the travel industry. Well well obviously the pets don't care what my nails like nails.
So nobody is traveling just a little bit um since the pandemic, so not like my business is lost because I still have all my clients when they can start traveling again.
You
know
our
areas for other people like you know they're just going to go somewhere else.
They stuck me down so as soon as they start traveling um and I can go back to work so I'm fine. In the meantime I can even form and stay safe and like when I go to work I can still stay safe because they're not there. The point leave two
hours later I go in and then I just be careful what I touched for the first couple of days and then it's fine.
Um I have a lot of experience working with animals and I didn't intend to do it. It's not like I sat down right up a business plan. There's no startup costs. So it doesn't
require,
you know, talking anyone else into believing in me or anything. I had a few countries want to pet sit for them. They were heavy users of computers and they had situations where most people won't go like they live somewhere in the middle of nowhere. No internet, no tv, no nothing. People just can't deal with that. But just being with themselves. Um
I go
and I stay
there.
Yeah. I'm not running from house to house walking dogs. I go in and I become
them. So I'm getting their mail. I'm getting
their watering
their plants.
I'm
not
going
there grass
and stuff. But I mean if, if a tree falls in the house, I take care of everything. I'm a grown up is that college kid, they can have a grown up that can deal with whatever comes up and they can stay away and just be
able to breathe knowing that I may call them and self your furnace just blew up. Who do you think
they don't
have
to
come to
you? Um,
So yes, I take care of everything one client at a time and they usually have nicer houses in mind and cable and you know, all the premium channels which really don't have that much on them so I can catch up on everything and
just completely so
I'm watching
you
and I can do stuff like this one sitting around make extra
money and this money is to its experts literally can good. So when the pandemic comes suddenly I realized I'm okay because I've been saving all these little 10 $15.
Um And then I watch a lot of T. V. And I try not to eat
and then I think some of them have horses
too,
so you have to go out to the barn. And the people who hire me are the ones that have the higher need animals.
So they're animals get sick or you know have diabetes or whatever, whether there's a lot of brahman, you know hurry up and wait. Um But really it just was born well because I only do one client at
a time. I don't need a whole bunch of clients. I just need like five clients to travel a lot if I had more. Because you don't even you're hoping that you don't get conflicts that you can say yes to everyone. And I sort of right now have
like these five clients that have their sort of set schedules and there they're a little bit off so they're not conflicting. This one always goes in september, this one always goes in november. This one always goes in october. Uh
So
it works
you
got a part
Sometimes it's birth. Like I have one client that she is, she's pretty much can only government work. She worked in nuclear facilities like inspecting and health and stuff. And and that's not really you
know
you can get anywhere. You
can
only work at your palm plants. There's only like five or six facilities. So if there's not a job locally which because their contracts so they end um and she's
had to go live um
in New Mexico in Washington state now there in Tennessee. But she made me a house here.
She has like $8 or $9. So sometimes
you know that would be should have to take bring the dogs home so she could travel because she couldn't get a pet. Um
So that that was the basis of my business because she had the treatment once a month. And so sometimes she was working from home under government
contract. And so once the movie had to be in D. C. And three weeks she was home. So because I had that guaranteed
once
and then she'd also go on vacations twice a year. And most of my other ones are either retired and traveling a lot for fun. But they're young. I mean they're probably younger than me that it feels to me like they're grown ups and they must be older because
they're retired, but literally they could 58 or 57 and
yeah, and then there's there's a lot of people are not a lot, you know, they're not that many. There are some that my husband is still working, but again, here's the contract work for, they're working from home and and then if they go somewhere for work, the wife will go
vacation and then they also do vacations. So a lot of it is just, I live in a town where everybody moved to, their family is far away so they want they're going back home to visit
family.
she has cavalier King Charles Daniels,
You know, a little,
here's one
Yeah, so studied too and I've been taking care of her dog since 1990, So I'm
like
on my 5th generation well
and
it's like the mom dog, the father dog and then she breathes but she's really careful with the breeding and they get tested for everything and you know and she always, any
company
that ever has to come back comes back and if they're not taking care of its you'll still want to take it back. And so there's like eight or nine around that you've known their parents or grandparents or great grandparents you
are, they're
born.
Well they're really sweet
too
and
mm.
I've had a lot of jobs where I work with dogs and usually it's not it's a nightmare job,
you're dealing with all their people, so you've got other people and then you're doing the dogs and the pace of most of those jobs, it's just insane. It's like trying to do fast food but you're living animals and their humans. Ah
But
that's why this cat sitting is so great because you're not, you know the definition, they're not there. You have to deal with them before they leave and when they come back, otherwise it's just you and the dogs
and the most relaxed setting possible.
well I didn't do it on purpose. I just did it
because
we had
that
last
depression
and I had to like pay my
bills and so I was doing it until like a real job came along and then a couple of years tick by and then a couple more years and then at that point I was like invested in had a duty to
these people and their baby pay me enough to keep me in business because there was
like,
they had you know, with bent settings and you could get a job, Can you be our pets that are? I'm like, yeah, I charge enough so I don't have to leave you and go get a job. And they're like, oh, we don't care and they
don't because it's our house
there, that's
everything.
I wouldn't
worry about. That is the most common kind of dog in the United States. I mean anyone
that's working with, they're gonna,
they know
you don't
look scary to us because we see them all the time and we know that there are things we need to worry
about.
I mean this really weird town called like in south Carolina,
It was built um just a bunch
of rich people from the north
to have someplace in the south
to go. And, and also they had a lot of sanatorium is here where they send their wives to give their wives and their daughters for basically you know the robber barons can send their womenfolk away so they can do whatever they wanted. So it was like a playground, fox hunting and golfing and morning
singing and you know social affairs and they built these big man's all over and then In the 50s
because
no
that's in north Carolina,
the same,
same
type of
people's robber barons have just had billions of dollars. Um So yeah
and then because those people Um in the 50s when we had to build a bomb program, they you know finagle to deal with the government to buy a town and all the land around it and then sold it to the government to build a bomb plant where that we build our nuclear. So we're like
we're juxtaposition
of these
poor
people in this high society and then the old south and then a nuclear bomb plan filled with PhD engineers and just a really weird place. So there's a lot of people here and then everyone wanted to come here because it's a horse town. They're bringing their horses and their dogs, so it's super animal friendly. Um
We had some weird little place. Uh so and have income because they come from other places where everything costs for. Okay.
So
they're
the hottest chapels or whatever and they come here and they upgrade a lot and still have a
dover.
No
we're like the whole state is about two hours across and it's sort of a triangle. So I'm right in
the middle on the edge of the triangle. So the mountains are two hours away. The beach is two hours away. You know everything
is two hours away, which isn't that bad.
the weather
here
is really nice because we're in this like weird little microclimate where it's sort of dry pine trees. So our humidity
is
not high, which is, you know the south that's rare. The humidity be like 60%,
part of, you know they take this place to be a pleasant place. So when they built
it there was still
yellow fever and stuff from mosquitoes. So they built it in the pine hills where there weren't that many mosquitoes because you know, you had to leave the shore and the low country until you know, we started killing all the mosquitoes and came up with treatments. There's still malaria and yellow fever and everything. So people, you have to leave the coastline and come to these these sand hills that were just
fine for us in the summer and they leave behind the slaves and the people who were expendable.
and then come back at winter. So there's always been like a migratory pattern. So now what they did is they built this, so they come here in the winter from north, we call them snowboard snowbirds. And
they still
do
in this time of year. They find a way they're either rich or they find a way to be able to work While they're here and they'll come for 2-4 months in the winter that's just ride
and train artie and well a lot of them now, you know, they're middle class and they're working because they can remote work. And so they just as much as they can into like three or four weeks. Um Oh and so they're the rent places. So a lot of it is it's almost like a tourist down for the winter and they're still coming and they're not only coming but because they knew it was here a lot of people that are fleeing the cities because of the pandemic in a condo. They don't want to live in the city. They want little and with space around them it's just crazy they're just coming down buying in cash without sight unseen.
You're already familiar with places. So they're like you know I went in your place one year when I came down I want to buy it and you know well we don't know if I'll pay you anything you want. So they're like fleeing the cities and now buying
place a career. Um But it's not raising our property taxes it's
not bothering
No
no I
was born
in
short trip but I was
raised outside of D. C. But
then I
came
back to Georgia for a job and then from there I came here and it's like I said at the weird little town, but usually if it visits here or comes here for a job or for any reason at all, they end up coming back, it gets
under your skin and you just come back. So a lot
of these
came
here for the nuclear plant and when their contracts, their jobs ended there, like we're not leaving, we don't care what we have to do. We're going to open a boutique, we're going to open the store, we're going to do whatever we have to do. They
just stay,
A I K E N Akins
Carolina.
What?
it's a weird place. And it's not really like most of south Carolina you are they ever even run into? People are from making
because of the horses. It's international. Two people are coming from all over the world. So when you meet a new person, you don't know what's going to come out of their mouth. It could be irish or you know from South Africa or anything. Um,
hi Ori,
jump on your example. Right?
Where's Rory?
Yeah.
Oh,
look at night.
Everything
is thinking,
I
need
to move my breaths.
I don't think I've made it through the whole yard
one time.
This, so it's a big deal. I've got
like five acres of grass. So it's
just,
no, I'm divorced.
No,
I
don't have a pet because I was never at home. All my clients
are sort of my pet.
I really miss him. I was grooming one yesterday and uh, and, and he came and sat in my lap. I was brush him. and also, and
I was like hugging him and I'm like, can I take him home for a couple of days? Because I really miss them. I'm used to having dogs all the time. They're just different dogs every week. Um And some of them have raised, you know, from puppies
that are
as
much as like a couple of people, they're really, really careful because they're one spouse or the other, uh, is really susceptible so I can trust that they're being
They've invited to dinner to visit the dogs and stuff.
What?
Well, you know, I don't know, I like them all for different
reasons.
I think if I were to get a talk, I would probably get a blue heeler, like an Australian cattle dog just because of the health and the things that they're really bad about, it actually doesn't bother me. Um
And they're small
and
they're portable and compact and terrifying. But I really like big dogs. I love like big,
big time.
That
what?
nothing. I like the cattle dogs because they're a big dog in a small package. No one's gonna step, you don't have to worry about it by stealing them come and break it in your house or any of that, but big dogs have so many health problems and they're very short lived. Um I had a dog, my last dog lived to be like till
16 and he's sort of the kind of dog, I like where you take a big sight hound, like a greyhound of war, found um a board or something like that. You mix it with the shepherd, that's, it's called a lurker.
They're really, they're big dogs like, you know, giant sized dogs, but they're much lighter in bone uh and they're really weird looking and they kind of act like sight hounds where they wag their heads and sell their tails and you have instead of bark. Um But they're really cool. However, you know, they have to be run every day. It just doesn't fit with my lifestyle.
ah they're not hyper, they need a job.
But you can make a job anything so you you can make a job uh sitting on your mat for four hours and they'll do it with high intensity and then you're like, yeah, you're such a good matt center and looking
like yes I am. Um
because they're in there,
you need
to bring all around dogs and I'm part of that can just be sitting there watching the cattle and making sure they are, they don't move so they can't you can't,
there are nothing to do. But it doesn't have to be as high energy as like a hand log or something and they're so small that you can take them with you, a lot of places you go. Whereas
like
the
great big dogs, it's not as easy to do that. They don't
need as
much running. You know, they can pop in the car, pop here and pop there. But the big dogs, they do need to run and I'm used to, you know, go into the barn every day where their sources and fields for them to run, but that's not as popular as it used to be, where you bring your big dogs and just let them run around free. Um Yeah,
healer a healer loves to guard the car. Yeah,
if you got a like a big
barn or stable or something, all the other dogs are running around and playing. But the healers like sitting in the car garden, the car and that's their job and they're happy doing it. So that sort of, you know, obviously I put a lot of thought into this, but that really works into my needs that instead of having a, my last dog, you know when kelly was like six or seven, I'd have to just drive around in a field. If I was busy just letting him fix the car for an hour stream to sleep at night or take him to a pond and you just swim after this one
duck for two hours while I did my homework. Um, and and the healer doesn't need any of that. They just need something mentally stimulating
so you can take like a handful of food and just throw it in the middle of the field.
You know, that's an hour and a half for them to find each little cable and they love stuff like that. Whereas
Albert Albert could run at like 20 miles an hour for about
four hours and that would make him take a half hour nap, that he'd be wide awake and ready to go again. So obviously that wasn't a dog I could ever give away no
one else and he matured
when he was about seven, when he was seven. That's all of a sudden I realized he was smart. Um, and then I was like, wait a minute you understood what I wanted this whole time. And then he
was like, great.
From 7 to 16, he was
great. Those first six years were, it was a lot of work because he did need all that exercise and all that time and the other dogs wouldn't play with him. He was so over the top that once, once a dog was like over a year and a half, they wouldn't play with them anymore. They ditched him like
a let's go this way. Hey Albert look at that and then they'd run off when he was a puppy. Be sitting in the field just crying.
me again.
And then they're so cute. That's
all we
little
room.
But
I love
people to I just don't want the um
what goes with them, like the way people think about
them, who
experienced
the liability,
all that crazy stuff, you know,
have boarding kennels won't take them. I I just don't want that. Um if you
know, if I'm
using
a dog, if a dog came in my life like I found on the side of the street or something and I would do, but if I'm going out there intentionally choosing a dog pregnant bulls and I don't choose to go through that again because
it was really hard on me even though it wasn't hard on the dog. Um Having to put up with just the stupid
people, the ridiculousness.
I think
now almost everyone has one or a pit bull mix and they're out
it's still just crazy.
Uh huh.
All
but you can always have to be on guard about them doing something stupid and then your dog gets blamed. They
took
the dog away my my pit bull she was she was really old and it was this time of year and they are you know the cold was really going to bother her arthritis. But one day the kids would come in for a rocks at her and do all this stuff when she was out in the yard. She like,
he liked everything, one, she was just barking at him and this one kid was just tom
here and teasing her and so she dug out of the fence and she didn't hurt the kid at all, she was just standing in the street barking at him. Um and the police came and took her away and I was fighting with them and screaming. Um and so they didn't take me away because they were scared to get near me, but they had like a whole team of people in my yard chasing the dog with rabies poles and they took her away and it was
like,
yeah, it was thanksgiving and so it was really hard to get any help, but Like 20 people called the fun because they all knew her. I mean she's taking care of everyone's kids. They know there are there was no problem. And they're like why are you why do you care? You know because they're rich people with jobs and everything and and and they're like and I think it was the state, the state vet and a couple other like you know
prominent people. Um so then they were willing to talk to me and so the next morning I did get to go in there even though it was thanksgiving and then the officer was completely different. He was calling me ma'am instead of bitch, all kinds of stuff. He knew he'd made a mistake. Um So he probably get her back when the shelter opened, but the shelter didn't get the notice. So they put her down
by accident.
this is a long time ago. Um and it was a big mistake. I mean they were like oh
crap
they have these people saying you give that woman her dog back and they're like we're giving this woman their dog back but they didn't get the message to the shelter who had this notice to put her down. So they came straight in the morning put her down before they got the message. Not to but I mean I was going to have to put her down that year anyway.
I may have this real fear about people misunderstanding. And the kid wasn't even the kids was
crying but he ended up hanging out at my house for like a year and a half. I raised those kids because their mom was never own. Um And I feel real bad
because
I told him what happened, I shouldn't have told him because he felt like it was his fault. He just cried and screamed a lot when he got scared so that, you know, someone looked out the window and thought the vacuum,
it wasn't, she was just barking, you know, I'm like the kid didn't get then she's never done it before. Um and I'm gonna
kick your asses and the officers like we'll get your dog back and then they didn't, so then the animal control guy, okay,
it's not some of the stuff
laying in the yard and I'm like, never come to my house again and he did and uh I
ended
up helping
them.
I was really mad and I stayed
mad long enough to go to law school. Yeah, I got a scholarship.
Mad. I say
so. Um so I feel like I have more power than I did then because there was a big difference between me calling and saying the dog didn't
do
anything and the people who had some influence calling. So, you know, I went to law school so they couldn't do stuff like that to me again. Um Yeah,
that was really upsetting. And it would, you know, because it was time for her to go anyway. It wasn't ideal. You know, I certainly wouldn't put her down with strangers with
What?
And
so, you know, I just can't I can't do that again because I worry
about something and, you know, I would have a different result afterwards this time, but I still don't think I can stop the actual officers when they're coming because they get out of control and they were afraid where the catalog is like, 100 times more dangerous than a pit bull. But, you know, you tell a catalog to go bite someone's ankle, that ankle is gone, forget it.
People that own pit bulls are terrified of cattle dogs, they're made to terrify bulls. Um
So yeah.
So it's like, you know, your your actual and the dogs that actually bite or none of those,
the dog got to worry about her german shepherds and chows
and cocker spaniels and
it's about everything.
well,
There are about 90%, they're gonna, their fear biters, they're gonna bite you when they go to the grim stuff. A lot of that's because their skins rotting and they're all tangled, people don't take care of them, so it hurts.
yeah, they're always cost more money to take care of a cocker, like for grooming and even boarding and stuff because they put twice as much, they're always having, you know, some sort of issue, they have other hair and then they're fighting all the time. Um So yeah, and then everyone's like, oh, cocker spaniels and they want to run and throw their arms around it
and
Yeah, there are exceptions.
I mean there's always exceptions,
but in general, I mean
that
most likely dog to bite you. Yeah. It may not kill you but it still hurts.
Chair.
Okay. I am so used to it. I don't even notice it. The
golden
retrievers
I've been raising for two years. They were like that for the first two years of their life. As you know, you don't get five minutes if they're awake,
you either need to find a toy that they cannot write. Um or you need to make sure you take them out and run them so they can nap. And then because they hadn't worked there and so long during the pandemic, I wasn't retraining them every other month, I had to go over there and help them learn to train their dogs again. Has there been sort of like I go and train them for three weeks and then they come back, the dog would stay trained till a month and a half later. Well when I didn't come all summer, they're like, we can't get in the house now, they're jumping all over us. I had
to go there and they fed me dinner and
and everything
gets them.
Had a deal.
No, they weren't. It wasn't like
I told
you,
I told them the same thing, I told
them 1000 times uh this time they were more motivated and they had the time to carry. And
there
are
kind of hyper
dogs. They're not really golden this at all. Um But they live at the edge of one thing. We also have an achin is we have a 2500 acre park in the middle of the city where you can hike and ride and their carriages
and they live on the edge of it. So it's like tricking take the dogs into,
the woman
walks the dogs, they just go out in the yard, so they're not walking them in the woods town, they don't
take them anywhere in the car. So the dogs build up all this energy. Uh And then so
in new
york that
comes up, it's the most exciting thing in their life. Uh
and I guess it it's it's kind of uneven
ground so she's afraid if she walks the
dogs and they pull on her because she also won't practice the dog walking stuff for us, we're gonna just gonna fall down um and end up
in the woods with a twisted ankle or something. Yeah but you know she can still get in the car and take
them to the dog park or somewhere. It's
just so
yeah, Tony was the puppy before they got him his own pub just to help deal with the energy. Um It was raining for like five days and I was desperately driving around with this thing in the car and he wasn't even safe to have them in the car because he kept always wanted to jump on you and jump in your lap that have like somehow secure him to the passenger seat and then keep petting in the whole time. And then you have to go to all the stores that allow dogs. And I remember like going into this tax shop and we were like pouring rain and I'm like, they don't know logs anymore, but I needed to get a dog toy and I was afraid to leave in the car, I'm like can I bring a talkin please have this puppy? And they're like oh sure, and they
had this
heavy
duty little school boy that was a pig that you couldn't tear apart all at once, it wasn't like a cheap thing, there's Miss Piggy and he got mr Peggy and he loved Mr piggy and we probably got
four months when Mr piggy and then there was Mr people too and mr piggy three um you didn't
get the Squeakers out, but then they stopped carrying them. Uh but they got him
when
he was about eight months old, they got another dog that was the same age that he was supposed to show he's going to be a show dog and they're slightly related there, like maybe great grand cousins, but his legs just turn in a little but he just doesn't have perfect confirmation. So they got him Raymond and so you know, they basically got him a dog to play with a three
acre yard. But
you slept
because Cody, I just said you have to throw the ball, you have to go out there and play with them and get them going. Um So they're really great, but I can really see that they need me, you know, when,
when I can't from every other month, the dog, like we don't know what to do and the people are like, we don't know what to do and I'm like go away
and they have a pool and everything. So it,
and I spent my last three birthdays there. Um, so
they always left in november and not going to this year.
Get
out
now.
We've run
every
time.
it was nice to meet you Phyllis. It was nice to meet or you,
my name is Sarah
yes. Stay safe, phillips.