What's up? Can you hear me?
Cool. Let me go to the next stage.
Oh whoops, just stop it there.
I'm doing pretty well. That was yourself.
Yeah. Same here where you where you at
uh D. C. Or state? I've got some family up there in Seattle it's pretty cool. I'm not here in Atlanta.
Yes it's a completely different world here is technically but I've been um keeping inside mostly all year myself. Finally trusted. So
people just not even believing in general so it's just the whole thing because here I don't think we'll ever shut down again. Um city our state. So I've just been and it's cold, there's no reason to be outside.
Well what's the weather like up there? It's cold here.
probably
previous.
man
I
hate I hate cold. My gear is always Usually like 70° but right now it's like 40 ISH. And we don't know what to do really when it dropped below 60 we don't know what to do. So they gave
that sir.
How long
young, how long you been doing, niece?
Oh man. Because uh everything
going on.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I mean
this is at least
something.
Yeah, but I mean at least you're safer inside because I know a lot of people, My sister just got it at her job maybe like last week and it's like, you know, I can't even go to work and be safe.
Oh man, that is pretty good. Oh, this is another random question. What kind of headphones that rose?
Okay. I think I've been um checking those. I just got a PS five and I need some headphones. I don't really know anything about headphones,
I've been
Yeah, I've been seeing a lot of just people talk about those. I've noticed the logo.
Yeah, I was um I had like some earbuds like these, I'm not even looking for anything super fancy or anything, I just need some efficient Because I didn't want to get into paying like $200 for a video game headphones
only
makes them
So
that's kind
of global? Oh
good. Do they um
noise canceling or anything or is just
mm Do you like podcast or something? You see the whole setup going
well, that's pretty cool. Uh
I was just in from friends doing it
the other day.
No make
sense.
I had uh briefly thought about it just because it seems that I see a lot of people doing it, but I just don't know if I would have enough one content or just be interested enough.
They live stream or it's like a choose.
Oh my dear brother, because I, I do watch people who want Youtube ironically doing stuff and sometimes, I mean if I don't buy a game or something, it's just interesting, you know, watching myself playing it,
I was that
that's
really cool. Yeah, I mean it's something I can do inside. That's too many things to try and find glazes.
yeah, I got a friend literally the other day, he just started, well he started some weeks ago when he's telling me he just does like music reviews. We're not even more like reaction videos where he just listening to music alive on the video and just reacting to it, but he said, you know, it's going kind of so, so yeah, like 60 subscribers. Then one time somebody is in the comments like, you know, you should check out this Australian band. So, and so He was like, you know whatever, so he checked him out and apparently they had like this huge fallen, he woke up to like 1200 subscribers and then it went from there and I got like people in Australia, you know, blowing them up in his D. M. S trying to get them to do for their band stuff
fractions.
Yeah, that's life. Especially now it's just you know, adapting
because it's gonna be a whole
lot
of.
it's pretty cool. It's what I've been doing this for uh maybe about a year now, maybe a little over a year. And I've never done one like this. It's usually um
it
just depends,
but this has been a real busy like season. Usually these comes real sporadically.
Oh that makes sense. You are on em too by chance.
What uh what's confusing you Zachary?
Do you um do you use any scripts or anything?
Okay, yeah, that's what I had to start off because when I very first started, I had no idea how to understand that. We're right down description, just reading up on Reddit and seeing like you know what other people are doing and
uh definitely a learning curve to it, but once you, I mean, I still never got to the point people are on their making like, you know, $607 a
week or whatever And I mean, you know, I might escape with
maybe $100, but that's just sit in the house, I'll check that bridges, depends on how much time to
It's probably on inserting because um I kind of stopped it about a year ago, but that's when stuff like I first started, it was just more and more people getting on and
And uh also the people making the hits everything their new as well, so that was a issue that's popping. I was just people not knowing how to work it as far as like upload and it was having problems and you know, people try to make money down here about whatever problems they have,
you got a script for this as well?
Yeah, I think it's just one uh a funny name, but this one is just um let's you know, every time there's a new one on chrome, it would just literally say like new studies available. Um Just help me catch a few more, what is the name of it? I
So yeah, it's just like a simple voice, you know, just say like, you know, new studies available well and I'll help you catch it because sometimes I do be a bit slow and these fill up kind of quick too
efforts.
wow. I had I think two all day and Well no, I missed one of them, but I think it was 97 total. But I mean that's not bad as well, I mean it's a dollar to do nothing.
20
bucks,
was it like all uh
like actual
surveyor?
hours.
Yeah, those always just And even um I missed when I was like $5 this year. I was so sick Because I think I might have been like 30 seconds too slow. It's just sometimes uh where it just will appear, I try to keep it open at all times, but sometimes it just will disappear. Reported system. Even notices, is there? Let me hear. Everybody can make $5 into whatever.
Yes. Uh 61 20. That's four hours. Yeah, that's the length of it.
man.
I've never done out much before but For $20. I don't know. Well what's the how much did that our. Right.
I don't even sound good. People like that. But I mean there's nothing else happening. I've been uh just trying to find different ways income luckily get to work at home but it's only part time so you know, still
just
start flying.
Yeah but for you know stuff not turning stuff still expensive, some consistency.
man.
Uh huh. You know you saw how people got about tissue last time so that's definitely gonna happen again if things get well, I mean they're already as bad as it could be so.
It makes sense. I've been trying to do the same. Uh Just just in case I don't think it will happen to us, but you never want to be in a position because the first time to shut down it was like, you know, what do you do? And I remember going to the story, things going so weird.
Yeah, as long as, I mean it's better doing that than being sick or being, I love seeing some of the stories and it's just pretty bad. And also people working hospitals and I'd much rather just eat potatoes for dinner than being their predicament. There's just a wild year
and a lot of people, you know, I think it's just gonna get back to normal sometime soon. It might, but I just need to see if what happens because
we're just
too far
in.
Yeah. And even like here people were saying that, but cases when they went down, it was still up in like the 40-50,000, it's like, you know, that's not really down, it's just not as bad as it was. And now we're worse than we ever work and look,
known for uh Oh good, same china, listen, always
have
your
always make you think some exciting is happening. Mhm
Oh man, I'm going through that same thing and it's always just, especially with the voting thing, it's usually just them china subscribe to the voting or whatever. It's like, you know, I'm already registered, please leave me alone, I'm already stop texting me and calling
me.
Yeah, we got this um Senate runoff here. So they just went right back to doing the same thing because we got another election coming up and it's like, man, we got to do this all over for a month, please leave me alone.
That's
Uh huh. But I mean still I'd much rather do that than constantly have to, especially this time it was cold wait to call to be outstanding lines for anything because these lines here get pretty ridiculous. I think early voting. Uh My cousin went, she's waiting in line like four hours. He was like, you know, I'm
not doing that.
Mhm. I try to do the absentee too, but that's just uh animal in its own because last time I even send the things so um me and a bunch of other people and it's just you know, I want to send it off and it's like you know, is he going to ever get there and you got to go find the one ballot box, you can drive it off. It's just a weird process.
Mhm. Yeah. I didn't even know that there were states that majority did mail in ballots. I will use news to me.
Well, that's pretty efficient.
Yeah, I mean, that's so weird that every state wouldn't, you know, have the same kind of systems in place or just make it easier. But I mean, we all know why it's so weird. We got these Republican governors and stuff out here that literally just be trying to sabotage things on purpose.
Yeah, I'm just lost on what even is happening with that because
Yeah, that might be a very real possibility because
he honestly is up there in age
making
it just making it or, and that's another thing like, you know, that's definitely going to make things work on our behalf because they are, they're doing that and we've seen so many times numbers are going to go up. That's just how it works. There's no way they don't go up. So y'all wasting everyone's time being stupid. And now we are in like the whatever, 100 thousands of cases every day.
Don't even want to know where we can go from here. Because I mean,
well, I mean, it just depends. I have no faith in my state. Like I've seen so many wild things because you know, the governor refused to shut down and people just took as a sign that, you know, Well, obviously it's not as bad as people are making it. So let's just go do whatever and people have been doing whatever for like six months now.
You know, I mean, it starts with that's honestly just what we need at this point. I mean, we we tried to have a little freedom and we all abused it
and I was
just
like,
you know,
so what I'm saying like the proof is there let's just do it. It sucks like no one enjoys being in the house. But if it means like you know
everyone
staying safe.
But I mean there's a lot of people that aren't even thinking as far as they just stuck in, you know, I want to have fun right now, I just got to do whatever and it's like you know for like the past couple of months, the majority of the place I've banished to the grocery store, I walk to the grocery store every month. I mean like a week just get some exercise in it. You know, I might go in there and just get a few groceries and even that we kind of scaring me because people on their way to close and etcetera. So I mean I'm like you know if I can't even do the grocery store comfortable no way I'm trying to do anything past this. But it's a lot of people are just giving people in there all the time. No mass and trying to stand shoulder to shoulder and talking to me and coughing all over the place. Please get I went in there one time and I was just doing getting something and somebody came behind me like reached over my shoulder like from behind me and almost flipped completely and I was like, yo first of all please don't get that close to me.
I appreciate that though because I mean all it takes is one person and I mean you know just other people having that same mindset to where you know I don't have time for this. You know even if it's not about me it's more than just me and let's keep us all safe. You know if it means getting this one it it out of here, you got to do what we gotta do.
Yeah and people, you know people just simply are in denial that anything's going on or is a problem or
like it's not like I said this, I don't understand why people think anyone is enjoying being inside, like it's not fun for anyone. I'm
not doing this out of
entertainment.
I
love going to the movies, to this one of my favorite things to do, but I'll never do that again apparently,
and
that's you.
Yeah, I might uh I think I just get like uh one of those many projectors or something and that's the close
as
I could get
to.
You have a friend with Jack Reed uh just aim it towards the ceiling so you can lay down in Washington. That was pretty cool. I mean it might be an idea but it's just like I said adapting because I mean we're always about to do this for much longer than we want to and
it
might be a man.
And
even
if
it,
anywhere is done, I like how you gonna get it to people officially in a
quick manner.
So
especially for something that you like a completely new virus that you know,
we
yeah, we had to take a long time just trying to learn what it was and triggering out like what we're dealing with. And that was the main thing that was upset to me about people because you know, they were getting mad at the scientists for you know being wrong and not knowing. It's like, well they don't know. They literally don't know.
definitely.
and
that's
the
exact thing we didn't need avenue.
Um and it's just I don't understand, man, just stay inside. Everyone could just stay inside or go sparingly or you know,
I mean at the very worst way man, I don't see how that's a difficult thing to do
and I mean it's just in cringing on freedom, but I mean is it
I think a lot of people would rather get cold because I mean people even have
caught it, you're saying like you know it's not that bad, I've got it and I just was sick or had a runny nose for a week or two and it's like, you know that's not everybody approach.
that's
my
things like a symptomatic and you know, you don't know what's gonna happen. I don't wanna take any chances. That's scary enough for me.
Yeah, that's too much of it since I heard that I was like that's too much of a risk. Don't even I want to play with that because
I mean it's
bad enough as the virus or the virus you can't see or like know about sounds like a nightmare.
It really sounds like a zombie movie. That's what I've been thinking from beginning
like
good, good. Yeah, especially people just keep going on where they are going on. I don't really I don't see a better alternative than that honestly. But I mean hopefully it won't get that far.
Hopefully
definitely agree on that. You have the time a chance.
Yeah, somewhere in that area. I uh been
checking my watch but I never
yeah, it definitely said uh you want to go over.
I don't see I don't want to take the chance. I don't do well taking chances, I mean it's kind of fun depending on what it is, but there's just some risk that are a little too risky and when it comes to Japan, I gamble with you know maybe some money or something, just a friendly bet but
yeah.
mm that's the best word for it, just reckless and I mean this whole year is just put in perspective how selfish people are, you know, I'm kind of picking and choosing you know who do even if we do get out of this, who to associate with because you know I've seen the way people will act or lives on the line so I don't want to hang out with you anymore, you know you could have killed me, goes up to youth. Mhm
I just
found I got a friend that had a party over summer that hopefully well luckily I don't even recall and missed, but apparently uh he was positive and had like a giant party and a bunch of people got sick and you know, it wouldn't even no remorse about it or nothing. It was just like oh you know, whatever it was like that's kind of stuff. So I'm not I can't either
trust
you
going forward,
I don't
want to risk anything. I don't even
I get
on his
doom
for work all the time. This is
we could all play Call of Duty together. I mean it's
not
gonna be
the same
I was uh owning on amazon. I know they got one too,
you know amazon prime uh the amazon video, you can do a watch party on their for their movies, but it's Yeah, it's just those movies I'd read, I would like to do it on like something else.
Not that they don't have
a Yeah because I was got a friend of Face Time, you watch movies all the time and we would do that. But I mean it's much better to have like the actual group watch things where we all got it. I mean it's just people are adapting to you know, we were getting further along to uh we're I guess it'll be comfortable being in the house but it's still you've got to make the best of the situation because I mean what what can we do?
Now I get sick. That's that's what it's all the power got just do whatever. I gotta do this. Well really you can't even control that. But I mean,
Yeah, people like to go to the store and like come back and wash their groceries off and everything just I mean I get it, I find it a bit excessive because I just don't wanna do that myself. But I get it. I definitely wouldn't knock anybody do anything. You know definitely better safe than sorry Geon even I used to when it first started I was going to the store and masks and gloves and all every time I just stopped by like uh clammy hands, hands start sweating gloves.
Oh man it was annoying me so bad. But even when I stopped I was still paranoid like you know what do I touch or do I you know do I trust him touching anything because you know is certain stuff 100 people might come by and touch this whole day and I don't even but you know keep hands advertising, keep the mask on. I might get like a home one of those super filter mass like the uh exterminators
and stuff
have
nah well like a double respirator, like exterminators.
Yeah, I mean that's super excessive but I mean definitely
not going to catch anything.
Yes, why I was wondering on, but I mean it's an option but also I mean I just got to only go to the store still and if I just got to do it for like an hour or so at a time, that would be the worst.
Yeah, it was successful.
Thank
you
know Shane. Would you have no idea to get at it
are
cool. You have a good one as well
later.