Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right, Honey. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Mhm.
Hold on. There you go. There should be working high
good. I think we're supposed to do that once we're done.
Alright, 90 stop right there. How you doing man
sign?
I'm in Washington
Uh We're actually shutting down again so mhm.
No. Yeah, especially like people don't seem to understand the point of a mask, which is it's not to keep, its not to keep you know us safe. It's for people who are sick and in every layer helps.
Oh God. You know it's it's freezing man
brain, lots of rain. But I
mean lately
it hasn't been raining as much has been pretty sunny, but you know, it's fall and it's starting to get cold or the rain's coming And we're hitting degrees of like 30 at night, sometimes into 20, so it's going to get
it sitting
there.
No. Yeah.
Yeah, it's
rough.
These tests things just a few weeks since I lost my job.
because,
because because we're, We're really close quarters, they tried to keep us with masks on and you know, limiting amount of people so we don't have like 20 people will normally we have like 50. Um But yeah,
that's
good.
That's good. That's how shit goes, you know,
Oh no. Yeah. Honestly, I count myself lucky because I actually, before they removed you from the system, I was still getting emails and there was an email that someone had come down with Covid a few days before I left and I wasn't on shift.
These are hyper X. These are clouds.
These,
you also come with a headset microphone. I lost the boom part of it normally comes with like a little marshmallow on top, you just plug it in and it's just there.
yeah, they're pretty good, I like I'm comfortable, I've had them for quite a while, so the leather is starting to come off.
these
are
when I got them, they were 70. I don't know if the prices change because I know they've released like some bluetooth ones, they've released wireless ones, I don't know what the prices anymore, It's been a while,
but no.
they're good.
they're good, they're good. I like him comfortable. Uh
mike is still good quality one.
Not noise could well, not that I noticed, but then I don't notice a lot of, a lot of noise canceling headphones, it's kind of one of those things you don't really notice until uh but they're they're nice and enclosed, so most background noise is pretty much blocked anyways because they sit pretty tightly on your head.
No, no, no, no. Uh, I just enthusiast I guess
I,
no,
I, I occasionally, I've got a couple of friends who stream and occasionally they like, oh, you know, you want to join us. But ah, I don't do it myself. My internet does not support it,
but
I've still got this thing, still got the webcam. So
no, you'd be surprised. There are a lot of people, I know at least a few people who are hardly talk at all, but it's just the atmosphere. They give up, you know, they're really chill there really comforting, you know, they welcome everybody. They'll say hi to you, You know, they'll answer some questions. But even if you don't talk much, even if you're shy, people will still wash. You'd be surprised.
live streamer Youtube. I know there's a lot of people, um, you know, you could make tutorials, you could just make gameplay, there's a lot you can do. People people think of it as like, oh man, it is so hard to get it, but you know, it's just one of those things just got to get your foot in the door and keep going.
Have you have you watched them do? Mhm.
He's a so he's a guy who started Youtube, remember watching this guy when he had like less than 20,000, he started Youtube with just playing guitar on Omega, you know playing guitar on PS four on Black Ops and now he's playing you know, he's got like I don't know like two million subscribers, He's playing among us with dr lupo, you know just you just go and you do your thing, do what
you enjoy.
I've been thinking about it and I'm like well youtube you know you just got to upload doesn't matter how long it takes you'll get there eventually so.
Yeah no that's
the thing it's like you just gotta do it, you don't know, you never know.
especially
the
whole
my mic is having a stroke and I make my camera let me let me see this just uh this on. Hopefully that fixes it a bit. Yeah there we go now. I am very bright though. It is that better? That's better.
Yeah it's usually just sit there and you answer questions
isn't
it?
I think it's because a lot of people are stuck inside, they're like oh if we can get a lot of data
I'm trying it it's uh it's confusing
just the system in general you know it's it's something I got to learn.
I've got the Mturk suite for chrome.
I'm following hits worth taking four and just the overall enter credit. Uh
yeah,
but
I have noticed lately that some of the links seem to break, so it's like they're trying to link something directly on the entire, excited not send you elsewhere, it just never seems to load, I'm not sure if that's just on em tricks end or if it's, you know, something that they're doing wrong.
Probably a there's probably a lot of people lately the surface are kind of having a problem.
yeah, that's what I'm just sticking with prolific for now, you know, it's it's slower, but it's more reliable.
I didn't even know the word scripts for this thing. I just have uh I just I just check it on my email every so on my phone every so often and up on here and do things.
prolific assistant. Yeah.
Yeah. I literally, an hour
before this started, I checked my studies and I had like 12, yeah
76 1 36 60 48. Yeah. These are all really short, but I saw one that was similar to this one was giving 20 bucks For
a two hour
study.
No,
it
was like it was like something interactive. Like we want you to interact with the system, you know, talk with it. I think it was like some artificially I think they were wanted people to talk to. No idea. It's
like it appeared as quickly as it disappeared.
yeah, here's one uh for 25 240 minutes. That's What is that? three hours? four hours.
Yeah, that's that's that's the length, the
average completion time is 2:40.
At 6:49 an hour?
I
mean,
money is still money, especially during these times you get what you can.
Well, no. Yeah, lately over here they had to enforce rules again. So, you know, 11 thing of water per per person uh They're limiting, you know, paper towel, rolls, everything and it's starting to come down
to the point of like, you know, paper is worth more than gold.
You know that you've had a closet right behind this bed here and it's just it's got three things of water, you know, food canned food in case you can't get any. Yeah.
Yeah. The first time we were at our old place and we had something start over. But you know, there were those days where it's like all right, so, we've got gold, potatoes, some eggs. Alright. We're having eggs and potatoes for for dinner, it's like Yeah, you do what? You can
There we go.
Great.
I
think
the problem is that people just don't learn. They think like, all right, you know, You know, cases are going down, we're starting to get this underhand. Cool. We can go outside now and then cases spike up again. It's like, okay, well, did you learn your lesson? Did you learn anything about what just happened? You know?
Okay. We got what? 12,000 cases in a day here. Well, I got my phone ringing.
Don't
You
Love? Don't You Love 1 800 Numbers? Yeah.
Especially trying to find a job, you're like, oh, thankfully something called, nope.
we
did that two weeks ago.
I think here we do everything all at once. So government, mayor senators, I think uh they set it up so that every year like every year you vote at the same time, but it's always around the same time. So
it's just changes. Yeah, it just changes the size of the pamphlet.
Especially
it's especially dangerous now because you know, sure it's cold but with Covid as well, you're also cluttered together.
Yeah, I think our state is probably one of the better ones when it comes to mailing because a lot of people mail them in here.
Our our state has been I think since a couple of years ago our state has been pretty heavy on the mail in just because of the weather and because of traffic and because of lines are like, you know, just let's just try and you know sure it's it's not as fair on paper, but they've actually swapped over to like a like a denser thinner cardboard so it's not paper, it's more cardboard and they're making it out of like recycle materials because of the whole thing.
Yeah. And that's also why they swapped over to doing everything like all at the same time, because if you if you can put like seven votes, 17 votes, 12 votes, 11V all on one thing instead of repeatedly making the same paper, it's a lot more efficient.
I mean uh did you hear about trump's trump? Un conceding?
at this point it's just like I I just feel like he's going senile
because
Yeah. Well that and also like, you know, they're they're marching out without masks in the cold. It's like what are you guys
doing?
It's just getting worse.
Hopefully down.
Our governor, he's been going hard. We didn't even make it to Phase two before he told us down again. That's that's like Phase one was like, all right, cool. We can open, we can start opening up some restaurants, we can start putting up some malls, you know? But, you know, make sure we limit how many people are there and Blah Blah. We just barely started dipping our toes into interface to and it's like we're shutting down again.
We
saw
what
happened.
We saw what happened to California.
If
it means
it means living then do what you do. Mhm.
I remember I went to the store with my uh my mother and there was a guy who refused to wear a mask. Was trying to force his way into the stores like yo I got to get groceries, let me in. This dude eventually snuck his way in and customers dragged him out. That's how, that's how serious people are around here. It's like, you don't, you don't fuck around here.
Yeah. It's it's really a shame people don't like that mindset doesn't spread too far because I've got a friend who lives over in uh, what is it Idaho? Not Idaho Illinois around there. They're getting some people who just, some places just don't bother with mask. And it's like why? You know, we've, we've seen what happens. We've seen the problems that can occur. You know, we've shut down multiple times already. The numbers, the numbers are there, the data is there, the evidence is there. We have literally we have video proof of the, of the symptoms of people literally dying and being on machines to live. And you still refuse to wear a math.
It's it's a government lie, man. The government just wants us inside, man. It's like, God, please just shut up and and put on the mask.
I
like,
yeah, sure. They're, they're like, sure hermits, sure introverts. But even then you still get bored. All right. You still want to go out. You want to go for a walk, you want to go watch a movie or something? Can't I had plans to go watch a top Gun when that came out. Can't anymore. We're shutting down again. So me and my friends were gonna go watch, we're gonna sit like, you know, we're gonna grab seats like two seats in between each other. Watch the movie, enjoy it. And now it's
like,
You know
me,
me and my dad nearly cried when, when it was delayed the first time because we're huge fans of Tabqa. And when we heard that they were making a sequel, it was like, oh Lord, you know, we were already making plans were ready to go out and buy the tickets and then Blade. So make plans were closing down again. So now we're just thinking like, I guess we're going digital.
good
protector.
Put
up on your wall, lay down in beds.
I mean,
we're,
we're in testing for the for the cure. But testing does not mean that it's anywhere near being done. This means you're
trying
to
do
it means they're trying to get some of the really bad side effects out, you know? Sure.
There's
another problem. You know, there's so many cases we got to get out to do you who do you prioritize, do you prioritize the elderly, the kids, the young ones before immuno compromised. Um, and even then about above that, you know, there's, there's the method of production, you know, How difficult is it to replicate difficult? Is it to, you know, create the serum to get what you need for it? People just
don't seem to think. People just don't seem to realize that the logistics of a cure during a pandemic are ridiculous.
That's
world wide.
Like the thing is that the reason for that was because china was withholding information from us. You know, they didn't tell us
where it came from. They didn't tell us how long they've had it. They didn't tell us what they knew. And only when the information actually started getting out by force from people within china trying to spread it. Did they actually tell us which they told us it came from, you know, a bad or we realized it came from a bat? They actually found a mutation of the covid of the, of covid inside of a, what was it like a, like a mouse or something? Or some some some small rodent and they found a version of covid within that that are mutated. So
then we
have the
problem,
then we have the problem of even if we get the cure for our current for our current covid version, it could very well be like the flu and it could mutate and come back eventually.
This
let's just people are used to it. You know, when you look at places like china and Japan, they've been wearing masks for decades because of the pollution because of how clustered they are. You know how easy it is to get a sickness when you're so close to a bunch of people, they've been wearing it for years, so they're so used to it over here. We're pretty open. You know, we don't we don't tend to group up get clustered together as often so people just aren't used to it.
Yeah. I mean would you rather wear a mask and have your freedom of being able to go outside or get covid and be stuck in a bed for a couple weeks?
Perfect.
No, I I know a couple who got it right. One friend, he just felt he just felt nauseous, felt sick. One friend I went to the hospital and to go home. Machine had a lot of I. V. Fluid going to him. It's it's it's it's different how it affects people. And some people you're wondering are they going to live, are they going to make
it through
this?
And you can't you can't know if you're asymptomatic until you get infected.
thank
you.
And that you don't know if you have it until you're already you know already sick
you
know? Yeah I made the reference to a couple of friends that it's that you know, I was like you know this could very well end up like the games of division where things just you know where things just shut down and people are you know out here begging for food and we've got to have martial law and people were like it's not going to get that bad dude, get crazy.
I mean hopefully
we don't know getting shit like World War Z. Because if this doesn't it becoming a zombie virus, I'm just I'm jumping I'm doing I am doing it, I'm not dealing with that shit.
Uh I started at what time did you got you got on like 10 no 3 10 04
That's quickly.
I say we give another five minutes. Yeah.
Yeah. Just just because there are either our system or their systems. Yeah.
See there's there's a difference between taking a risk
and then just being uh being God, watch the words on my time. Being reckless.
And
it's
That's
kind of
stuff,
it's kind of stuff where it's like, you know, cool. I know you, but do I want to risk it?
No.
Oh dude, I'm getting married. Hell no. Stay home. You know what here better yet? Call me. That's how just
don't fucking
just
don't
like like if people want to have a party cool, have a zoom party, you know, have a party over Skype over. Discord over over, you know, Messenger, whatever. Just stay home.
You
can play
cards
against humanity. They've got uh God, what is that? Uh fucking there's there's plenty of games that are free for parties. Uh There's Disney Plus has released a group watch feature. Yeah,
yeah, for twitch but you need to own it to be able to watch it and it's kind of weird.
Anything.
Anything
I'm not really,
honestly, I you could you could go get your mail and get sick. That's how that's how bad it is.
because of the gloves, your hands can't breathe. So
I'd
like
something a respirator.
Yeah, it's like you wear it here and it's got like the two filters on the sides.
I think.
I think you could get away with getting a painting respirator. I think it's called a particle respirator and just swapping out the filters for something a little bit more dense. The problem is that you're gonna find it's kind of hard to breathe in those.
You could just get away with the mask.
I think we're safe for time if you want to. All right.
What
do we do
your partners
are at all in case you actually can improve your check and get back to video chat here. Okay. I guess we've just done right. All right. Take care, man. Stay safe.
You too.