Yeah. Yeah, If you look at it. Yeah. Hi.
Looks like you're getting ready.
Supposed to have one of these yesterday, he didn't show up or she or whatever. So thanks. Thanks
for showing up.
not too bad. Yourself. God, They want us to be on these for 25 minutes. I always started stopwatch. It takes 20. That's not a big deal. But, so where are you located at?
Oh, well, I'm in the upper midwest. So you're having a lot better weather than I am
guarantee it.
Actually we had like, So I think seven days in a row that were in the 70s, which all it broke records. Like we usually don't have seventies like that in November, but last seven days we did. But then yesterday cold front came through and yeah, it's cold now. It's probably like working out right now.
So yeah, it's chilly. Okay.
What do you do in
Los Angeles Nation?
Um, you know, like a degree in engineering or
how old
are you?
I'm 38. I'm
blacker. I really don't do much.
What's that?
Um I do a lot of surveys, stuff like this. I donate plasma. Just what I can honestly I get by, I get by and I don't have to go and answer to anybody for eight hours a day
bigger I could use I could use more money, but I don't have a bunch.
But this
what's that
very? How many of these have you done?
Yeah, the better up labs chat.
They
actually,
I think they've been doing them for quite a while and at first I think you can only do four and then they have like around two and you can do like up to five or six and now this is around three or four and you can go up to like up to seven. Uh
Okay. Yeah. I think the first one that I did, my partner showed up and I didn't realize it but um my webcam, like even if I grant access it doesn't like to work and Firefox but it works behind and chrome. Uh he showed up, couldn't hear see me, I could see him and hear him but he couldn't hear his theme. Me then.
What?
What's that?
That better?
You can meet my dog too.
Hey.
Hi. Um Okay And
I think my 2nd and 3rd partners didn't show up and then three in a row all of them showed up. Good that and then the last one, the last one I tried to do was yesterday and they didn't show up. So thanks again for thanks again for showing up.
Yeah I even I even like go out and not not like I have a hard schedule to keep but like if I have one of these that's scheduled like I make sure that I'm gonna be there because you know like I know that other people are counting on me to be there. It's not like a whole lot of money but it's something you know? So and when that partner
don't
it sucks.
What's the temperature in Cali right now?
I hate you. Don't even know you and I hate you. Well, 90
90 is almost too warm but I can't hear you're seeing right now. Hopefully we'll be back. Yeah. Now I can hear you again. But you're still frozen. All right. That happens sometimes. It should come back in a minute. If you can hear me. I can't All right.
And out in and out. Mhm. If you can't see my face you should be able to again in a minute. Yeah. Mhm.
No, but I can hear you. Yeah. Just just leave it on. Don't cancel out of anything. This happens from time to time and it should come back on in a minute. All right.
Hopefully.
What
was your name?
I'm Patrick or that. Mhm. I'm 38. You already told me you're 30 I forgot to mention. Yeah. Yeah.
So
you said you're in L. A.
What?
I still can't see you but that's okay. We'll just keep talking. Yeah. Yeah.
So how how long does it take you to get to the beach?
Mhm. Yeah. Take me about 20 hours.
Yeah. I live I live in just about well, I don't know if I lived in like southern Canada or even maybe a little ways into Canada. I live like right in the middle of the continent but I'm about in our northwest of Chicago.
So I actually lived like super close to Wisconsin, like an Illinois border. Um Yeah, if I, if I were to start walking I could be in Wisconsin in about 10 minutes on foot. so I'm close.
What's that?
I think so I don't think it makes that big of a difference. Um It might, it might on things like cigarettes and alcohol because usually states are like different on that. Um If I really wanted to drive, Wisconsin has some indian reservations and what you can do is you can drive the indian reservations. Like I smoked cigarettes, I wish I didn't, but you can drive to those indian reservations and by like a carton of cigarettes, you don't have to pay tax on them. Like if I was really trying to save money, that's probably what I do. But it's, I think the closest one is probably still about maybe a two hour drive and if you, if I was going to buy a carton of cigarettes that might be worth it. But every pack I buy, you know, I tell myself it's going to be the last, But I've been doing, I've been doing that for 18 years, two, so
no, that's, that's fine. That's a good question. Um you know, I have an account on mturk but it's, it's something that I think I could figure out and probably make good money at, but there's kind of a learning curve and like for mturk and I have no idea what I'm doing.
One of these days. I'll sit down and do the research figure out in Turkey and I probably will make a lot more money. But yeah, prolific. I love prolific um
because the studies pay a lot better studies, surveys mostly studies with prolific, which I prefer. Some of them are kind of fun. Um They actually pay you decently. Uh and you know, they haven't set up so that You kind of can't take advantage of you like other sites. Sometimes they'll say you know five minutes for a dollar, then you end up 45 minutes into a study or a survey. You want to quit out after 45 minutes. You don't want to give up on it. You know like you already invested that time. Um I do use kill me a lot.
You usually with those, you get rejected right away. So if that if that's going to happen, I prefer that as opposed to being halfway through it or you know, a half hour into it. Um
And I do pick and choose like I'm real picky about Comey's uh surveys that they have there. Usually if it says, you know, like 15 minutes estimated time and it's taken cumin users 21 minutes. I'm not doing it. Um
If it says, you know, four minutes for a buck 58 and
it says like five minutes is the estimate or not the estimated time, but how long it's taking people. I'll do that one because that's a buck 58 for five minutes. But then you know, if you go down to the bottom of the list, it'll have like 32 cents for 18 minutes. Yeah. I'm not even I'm not even touching those. Like those. Yeah, but a lot of the time they always have surveys on there. But a lot of the time I won't even take some of the stuff they have on there because I aim for like at the very least 10th minute. Sometimes also five sentiment it if it's a really short survey. But Um one thing that I hate about que me is they don't pay over a $58 per survey. And There's other sites that do you know? But that $1.58 is the most. I sometimes you serve a junkie. Um
But that one has good days and bad days and it's usually bad days. It's usually you know what they have listed. Usually what they have listed as like $0.35 for you know 10 minutes. Which is never accurate If it says 35 cents for 10 minutes, it could be 20 minutes. Um
Sometimes I'll have ones that say a dollar 20 for 25 minutes and that's really not worth it. Um But every once in a while I'll find a survey on there, a study on there that's like 34567 bucks. And if it's seven bucks for 30 minutes I'll do it. Um But they're really those are really rare But I have like $20 to Just waiting to be claimed on survey junkie right now. And most of that $20 is from some of those higher paying surveys.
Um I actually over the last few days I don't know if you know what gain is game dot G. It's it's another
survey site and they have like all kinds of add walls and stuff which I don't do like the andre gay. I don't do the android games and stuff like that. But They do have what's called your surveys and you can either click on it and it gives you 800 Credits which is 80 cents per survey that you take. And then it also has a list below that that sometimes sometimes that will have you know, 2000 credits, which is two bucks or I've seen I actually did one yesterday or the day before. That was like 5, 5.5. Almost six bucks did one this morning. That was hold on just a second. I
I bring your right. Okay. Mhm.
Sorry about that. Her his kid just showed up. Um
Griffin sorry about dog.
You want to take your phone out like
you got it. All right. Uh
But
yeah, I think maybe a week or so ago I had
like $50 on there. But it's also
with gain, it's really hard to cash it out because yeah, in order to cash out your coins there, they don't do paypal anymore. So you have
to convert it over to like a Bitcoin wallet and
then
you continue to cash out out of the Bitcoin wallet. But I don't feel like doing all the research to figure that out either
already have so many accounts that and I really don't feel like having another one. But you can also add cash it off for uh. Uh huh.
Trying to remember the name of it. Sure.
Yeah. I don't know if they do I don't think I don't think they do any direct cash. They might but it's it's like a certain gift card that you can you can basically cash it off that gift card and then you can go to that gift card site and flip it to a different gift card. And I was just flipped to amazon how long
Stop dropping your phone.
This is my this is my friend Milo. It's actually my friends say hi, I forgot I forgot what
your name was. But what was your name again?
Justin that's Justin Justin Mylo. Mylo Justice. Um But she has a thing about gain is they also have this little uh like a little roulette wheel and you can gamble on it. Which a few months back
they actually had it for a while and then got rid of it. All right.
But uh I think I lost like 30 or $40 a few months back playing on that. And then over the past
weekend I think I was up to like $55 worth of coins on gain. And I decided to start playing the roulette wheel thing. And I got down to like 20 because I started off small and then my bets got you know I was always betting on uh zero because it's it's 1 to 14 and then they have the green zero. It's rule out Um and I kept batting on the zero Because that's 14
1. And Like my back got so big because I had to make my money back by the time I won, it was like a $70 winning. So I went from 50 down to like 20 all the way up to like 90 I think something like that. Um And then I cash that out for an $80 Amazon card. Uh I think at that point I had like $13 left on there, just that I could play with gamble with that I wouldn't lose then. And I ended up turning that $30 into like another 60
just from gambling. Um
Thank you And flip that to another $40 Amazon gift card. And then I had like 2030 bucks, 25 30 bucks on there last night. And I ended up losing that but I'm still up cashed out $120 with amazon gift cards. So I'll be right back. I'm not going anywhere. But uh I'll be on this for like another eight or 10 minute student. I'll set the TV up for you or whatever. Okay. But yeah and trying to think if there's any other site, there's really no other sites that I've, I've used like swag bucks and I probably should check that one more often because yeah it sometimes does have some decent bank surveys and you can put that sign up for like uh conference is sort of like this but it's more like a focus group, either a focus group or they just ask you specific questions, will resume call or something. And I did I think in our long focus group with some other people That paid me $100 or $250 Amazon gift card. And then I did another one where it was just me and some girl, I think she was actually from L. A. Um where she was just asking me questions about buying auto parts on Ebay For like an hour, 40 minutes and that was either 100 or $250 Amazon gift card
that is definitely worth it. You can buy
so much on amazon, what do you got? Yeah.
Yeah,
I think with mturk you have to like, they want you to have like a certain amount of submissions
and they want you to
have
like
very very very few
rejections. Like rejections are really bad there. Um
They're kind of bad on prolific to one of the things that I love about prolific is I think when I first started, which was towards the beginning of the year I started just before the pandemic. Um and I ended up I don't know within my 1st 100 or so submissions. I ended up with I think two or three rejections. And since then I've had
I want to say four or
5 rejections and I've
been able to message the researcher and like tell them no you can't reject me for that. And then I just link the prolific rules that say like no they can't reject you for that. And
I don't
know do you go on reddit at all?
Beer
money Garden. Beer money is good. I actually gave away uh to $5 Amazon gift
cards on
there yesterday because
I was so happy from winning. But uh yeah, I just made a post like free amazon gift card for the first person who says they want it.
And then I gave one of the first person who showed up and then I gave one
to the second person was like, oh, that's so nice, like,
there's also one, it's actually read it prolific, A C. And it's more just for prolific. Uh
And if you ever have a question about prolific
specifically,
that's
place to go. If you
ever get rejected
study on prolific, if
you
know,
what's that?
What?
That's kind of what I've heard. Um, if you
ever get chances are if you get rejected on prolific,
you probably weren't
supposed
to unless you like,
unless you know that you miss, like an attention check, um, there's very few reasons that they're supposed to be
able to reject you. And if you go on prolific A. C. Reddit, prolific, A. C. Um, you can go on there and just look through all of the posts and
you'll see one where somebody, you know, says they got rejected for something. If you go into that where somebody else got rejected,
chances are that one of the other users is going to list why that person shouldn't have been rejected. And you can just go in there,
find that rule. And I I've actually had really good luck either getting partial payment or just having them. You can request, you can ask them to reverse the rejection and then just return your submission and it doesn't go as a hit against your prolific account.
And the
well, and that's the thing, that's the thing, like if you miss an attention check, prolific is basically set it up that it's not supposed to be tricky, like it has to be and attention check. Like if it's a memory attention check. If it goes to another page and asks you something from the last page or something from the page before they say that's not a fair attention check. So you're not supposed to get rejected for that. Um
If they asked if they say like you know this is the color blue and then
below it on the same screen
like you know pick the color that listed above. That should be a legitimate attention check because you can just scroll up and see it still. But I mean it the attention checks most of them that you would fail for. You can argue them. And if
what I follow though is usually if you just message the researcher and say you
know if it was an attention
shack personally I think I would just say you know, I I messed up but if they give you any other reason you can generally argue it or
tell the researcher, you know like what would
you do me a favor and just
reverse this? Yeah. I tried
to give you the best data possible. I apologize that I
wasn't
able to. Can you reverse the rejection and I'll just return the submission and you don't you don't have that hit on your account. But once you get enough submissions there anyway like I think you'd have to have like five rejections out of 100 and I have like 500 and three rejections. And those were from early on uh when I didn't know that they had all those rules. So
what? Hi Justin you got anything else you needed to say any other questions.
Hey
don't want man
That's what yeah we're past our 25 minutes I think. Um But yeah thanks again for showing up lateral.
He paid for it. Alright man.
Have
yourself a good day. Nice meeting you too. Bye bye milo. All right man.