Yeah. So. Hello.
Hi. Yes I can.
Hello.
this your first time doing something like this?
The first time doing something like this?
I thought it was interesting too. I like I haven't done anything like this either. I thought it was interesting.
Yeah I'm
student right now. Um I live in California just in quarantine trying to earn some money on the side. Yeah.
Or
And
what?
wow. That's
amazing.
That's amazing.
Yeah. That's awesome. How is Kentucky doing with the whole situation?
I mean yeah there's still places you can get jobs though. I think that's that's the main thing that everyone's missing
is that
there's
there's options.
Yeah exactly. It's the same thing in California though. We have some people like protesting at the beach too. I thought it was interesting. A lot of people were
protesting.
exactly. Yeah, same same with me, my mom's a nurse and I'm like studying to be a doctor as well and I have a lot of doctors in the family
and it's just I mean it's just ridiculous how like people are like at risk and their lives are at risk but you know those
people
out
there
protesting.
No I haven't heard about that.
I've heard about
that. A lot
a lot of people that have protested have dried.
Yeah, it's
pretty
terrible.
mean honestly
I mean people just want I have I have a few friends actually that um I have a friend from indiana, I go to college in California but I have a few friends that are from out of state and she's from indiana and she's one of those people that are like oh like we need our liberty and we need our rights and we want our freedom. But I don't know if it's I mean I don't think it's worth it to
put so many
people.
Yeah. I don't I
mean
I have.
Yeah, exactly. My uh my uh my cousin, he's an emergency medicine doctor and he was saying that like in the emergency room like I mean if you're protesting just you should just sign a waiver that says like it's fine if we don't treat you. Because I mean at that point like why why should they treat you if you're like putting your own life at risk, it's just more work
for the health
care.
that would be a good idea. I mean honestly at this point it's just so many people are I think it's just been too long. I think it's already like been a few months and like people are just like going crazy and even like a bunch of college kids, it's just too much time at home and like you're alone all day. So it's like people are getting lonely and just want, they just want to go out and like have fun, but I don't, I really don't think it's worth it. Mhm.
Yeah, there's so many options. It's just, I mean it's also nice to just have some time like in your house, like to relax because usually you're always out and about. So it's nice to just stay at home too and and people don't appreciate that. I guess so
exactly. Is your, is your kid going to college like this coming this coming fall?
Yeah.
Oh, that's
Congratulations.
Okay. I'm
also
in my
first year.
Yeah, it's kind of
it's
kind
of
hard.
I know, I I got an email from my school this morning. I go to Pepper Dine in uh in Malibu. I don't know if you've heard of it, but I
Yeah. But we uh we we got an email
this
morning.
I think they do, I think um I think our basketball is doing pretty good this year, but I mean obviously now all those sports are cancelled anyways. So
I think we've been
we've been we've been our basketball hasn't been doing as well, like recently I think like earlier we were doing good and then like the past few years it hasn't been great because I think we got a new coach or something, but I'm not really sure about that. But we haven't got any news about whether or not we're going back and it's kind of all uncertain right now and like I think they're making plans to go back. But some schools other like nearby schools like U. C. L. A. They're like starting to like give people options like if you want to stay home stay home. So I don't know about my school yet. They haven't really said anything
to.
I mean yeah it's too early to say anything but also you don't want to be too late for like some people that need to figure out like living situations and everything if they're moving back to school. And I mean it's a lot so it's kind of to figure that out as soon as possible. But I mean they're worrying about the economy to which is why I think like
the governor in California is like saying he wants things to
open up as soon as possible and like open up schools too so that like the education you get running, but I just don't know if, I mean who knows what will happen at that point, by the time august rolls around.
Slowly.
exactly. Exactly. Because you don't want the I mean like I was talking to my cousin about it and he's saying like you don't want the emergency rooms to be like suddenly flooded when they open everything up and then they
have to close everything again and it's just a second wave of everything. So that would I mean that would not be good. So hopefully
that doesn't happen.
Me too. Yeah.
Yeah exactly. It's I mean it's already there's been like so many people like dead already. It's just we can't like we don't have the time to like risk that and it be so many like months
longer to like it takes so much time to like close everything again and like go through all this again and just take like extra time. It's not worth it
honestly. It's just, I don't
know, people
need
to.
Yeah. Because some people just can't, I mean financially like it's really tough for like people. So like I agree. I think they should do something else to like help out. But I mean they've been flooded with everything going on too. So it's
just
No one really knows at this point what's
going to happen.
It's not
Exactly, yeah. It's not. It's
really complicated I
think.
Yeah. There and yeah, I mean hopefully
at some point it will be figured out.
I mean,
the
other
line.
I don't
think
it will be completely,
I don't think it will be completely over until the vaccine comes out.
Yeah because I and that will probably take a few months at least. So I think everyone should just sit tight and wait for that to happen
because
18 Wow that's yeah, that's a long time.
I mean that's tough because if we're trying to open things up without the vaccine I mean I don't know how it's gonna go
But
it's about
like
I
don't think people are yeah, I don't think people are gonna once I think once like things start
opening up and you start opening up like the movie theaters and everything. It's going to be so hard to like convince people to maintain the social distancing and stuff. Yeah
it's
just going to be it's
just
going to
be
Yeah. Just sit
at home and watch netflix all day. I mean
by
their
popcorns
and by
your
own popcorn.
I
know.
That's
just movie.
Yeah, it's a thing the movie theater popcorn and I don't get that. I don't get it either. Honestly. I just like this buyer and popcorn at home and like pop it at home, you don't really have to go
out and
do that.
But
at
home.
I mean good for them for making money though. I mean
yeah, I mean they're making money how they can. I'm all the movie theaters here honestly like
there's really no point for the movie theaters to even open up because none of the movies are coming out so
online.
Yeah
you can like
buy them online.
I have not. Are they really high?
to rent, wow.
They
want,
want their money. That's yeah, that's
expensive.
I mean
yeah that's that's they're just trying to get everyone's money from that because you can't see it in theaters anymore so that's so much more than even seeing it in theaters. I
mean like the most expensive movie theaters
around
here
are like
Yeah but I I I mean still that's yeah that's that's really that's really dumb, I don't know why they did that, that's Uh huh. I mean
some
of them aren't
even
coming
out.
Yeah some movies haven't even come out yet so I mean even if even if they do release online which like some of them won't because I think people aren't like working from home like at those companies I don't think they're like doing production of it anymore so there are few movies that were set to come out like this summer but I don't, I think they've all been delayed so I mean
I haven't seen that. What is it about?
awesome.
I
will.
N
driving
all
of
them. I've been watching Grey's anatomy at the moment because I haven't seen it. I've like wanted to watch it for so many years but now there's like 16 seasons for me to catch up on so and like making my way through.
Yeah I mean I have time
so I'm on like
things
in eight.
everything's
there.
You can you
can
bend
it
all
the time.
it's
I mean
it's really
meeting
it. There's so many things you can do if you really want to like do things in your free time. This is the time to do it. I mean people just need to figure that out. You can have fun without going out too. So I mean
well you can
get
one.
can find
there's
so many
things.
I
mean, yeah, there's so many books I've been I was talking on the phone with my friend last night and we came up with a bunch of like book suggestions for each other and just recommending books and like movies to watch. It's like, I mean talking with people like over like video chat is really different from like talking to people in person, but it still happens and you can still have social interaction without, you know, going out and seeing them in person.
that's that's awesome. I love that. I've like, I'm originally from texas, so I moved out to California a few years ago, so I'm not really like in touch with my texas friends, but um I like video chatted one the other day and we caught up and it was really great just like being able to talk to like my childhood friends too. So I mean I think it's a good time for everyone to reach out to people that you haven't talked to in a while,
that's a long time.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, that's
the
same with
me,
it's it's really, I mean yeah, but it's so nice to just reconnect with people and like take time to talk to them because you don't usually have the time to do that, but you know, now
since we're
all at home.
Oh that's
Oh no. Well.
that'd be awesome.
I
had
it couldn't
I mean
over
zoom
inconvenient, so that's perfect. My my my parents were having um they did like a zoom dinner like over zoom with their some of our family friends the other day and I thought it was the best thing ever. Like
everyone
makes their own food.
People
are making it work. So I mean,
people are
still, yeah, people
are still doing.
Yeah, everything is, I mean everything that's working the same as long as you like do it over the internet and we're so blessed to even have like such good like technology to even do this in the first place. I mean like back
in
the day, I feel
like
Yeah, exactly. So I mean
this is
it's good that it's happening and people just need to I mean we kind of have to all adjust and people just kind of to learn that. So
that's
I do I I tried learning a guitar like a while ago and then I kind of gave up on it because I was in high school and I was really busy, but I'm trying to pick up guitar again, so since I don't have time going to try to pick up on the guitar and like
learn,
it's pretty hard,
it's actually very painful. Like I didn't expect it to be so painful because like when you strum the strings that hurts your fingers as you're pressing on them and I I
play
the violin,
I
I played the violin like for like many years, and then like the strings on a violin or like smaller and they're like dinner and the strings and guitar really thick. So when you strum it like it hurts really bad and I didn't expect that at all. So that's kind of something that I've been like trying to adjust to. But other
than
that, I
mean
the
drums are, the drums seems so hard, it seems like a lot of a coordination like with your hands and your feet and this, I thought I
always thought the drums would be
hard.
maybe you just look like
just some subconscious things.
Oh, wow, that's really awesome. That's pretty amazing.
Uh huh. That's pretty, wow, that's pretty awesome. But
you didn't even know you did that.
that's that's pretty awesome.
So
if
Yeah, I mean, I feel like you want to talk about it, but that's amazing that he could even, wow. Why? That's pretty cool. Are you, have you picked up the drums drums again recently? Are you planning to or
That's
Uh Well, I mean at least you enjoyed it. That's still,
that's
Yeah, that's really going all out. But that sounds like a lot of fun though. I mean,
that's awesome. I mean I hope that one day when I'm older I'll be able to like get a high school reunion going and like be able to see everyone again but not really sure
if that will happen. Yeah.
Just go.
Great
advice.
but you can always learn and I mean
that's
great advice.
that's awesome.
That sounds
like an
experience
wow, that's really awesome. I went
to
this past summer I went to Hong kong and it was amazing. I would love
to
be
in Hong
kong.
Yeah Hong kong is really awesome.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's always like bustling and there's so many people and it's just
and they also have the like the metro stations and like subways and stuff which is so much nicer than I mean like out here in California are like subway system is terrible, it's
pretty
much
non
resistance.
you're
like
home.
and
in Hong kong they speak english too I think right it's there like main like language. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I mean
even
then you
wouldn't
have too much problem.
Yeah that sounds like an awesome experience. I mean I wish I had that kind of opportunity to like go and take a few months
off
and go to Hong kong.
I'm so sorry.
well something good came out of it.
that's amazing.
So you did oh so you didn't meet her at the hospital when you got hurt? It was
that's amazing. That's so awesome that you didn't, you didn't even know she was a doctor and you were just there and she was,
Yeah, I mean,
that's perfect.
Uh huh. Yeah. Wait that's yeah, that's really amazing, I mean never heard anything like that before, but that's pretty cool. I I mean like I totally understand from her perspective to like, because I'm like studying to be a doctor and like I'm thinking like if I am a doctor someday I'd want someone to like me for like who I am and not you know for like my career or whatever else, so
that's
doctor's
appointment?
You know that is
great excuse.
That's awesome. That's really amazing. You said
she's
an anesthesiologist?
did
you
did
you say?
I
mean,
yeah, I mean that's really amazing though, did you say she was an anesthesiologist?
Wow, that's awesome. I am thinking about going to either like emergency medicine or anesthesiology but I mean we'll see when it comes to the time. It's too early to say. But I'd really love to do anesthesiology. That'd be
Does she have good hours or is she like busy all the time?
that's not too bad. That's
I mean you were both busy so
you
got it?
wow. That's awesome.
Yeah that's
that's really that's honestly really important to get someone to like understand how you feel. I feel like other than that the only other like to be able to relate would be like another doctor. But I mean doctors relationships together. I heard so many like horror stories and how they don't work out that's really perfect for you guys.
That's awesome.
That's amazing. Well it was so nice talking to you. Are we? Are we at the time?
I have not. Do we do we have a
Well it's been I think it's been a while. I'm not really sure what time do you, I have a timer on mine but I'm not sure. What is it counting? I think it's coming up.
I think we've passed yeah, we've passed the
time.
Yeah, I think we're I think we're good, but
yeah. Okay. Well it's so
talking
to you.
Yeah, this is really great. I learned so much and like thank you for
all
the great advice to.
Yeah, it was really nice talking to you.
Okay, well, goodbye.
Thank you.