Hey? Can you hear me
okay? Yeah, well, you just that All right now you can see me right. Okay.
I'm glad. Yes, I showed up. Yeah.
Was that?
I've done some interviews before, like focus groups and, but this is the first time this was like, friends are just, you know that.
So, what about you? Like, what do you do? Or college stone or
work or?
All right. Don't we all? I live in Kentucky, um, um, a retired firefighter on
injury retirement. I'm going back to school to, from my PhD in
data
science online at johns Hopkins. Um, I do this stuff part time. I write, I've written some books on the firefighting. Um,
one
kid just started college, so
we're on lockdown to, so, uh, I don't get that much.
Um, lot of protesters, lot of people, man, I think a lot of them, um, honestly aren't that educated. They don't have that many job opportunities. I mean, there's plenty of jobs here. Like amazon is advertising on tv and radio to work at the warehouse. Kroger's down the street. I mean it's like if you go in and have a heartbeat they'll hire you. So like this job out there um growing are not that great, but if you only have a high school education and no job skills
it
is amazing.
I mean
Postmates are, one of the other ones is they're hiring all the time.
I
just don't get I mean being a paramedic, my girlfriend's doctor and then yeah it was like why would you want to go to the beach and
good for you?
They
just don't
see
that.
I mean they'd rather go to the beach and hang out and I don't know about in California but I know here there's been um Like a funeral and then three people ended up getting sick um
have caught it from you know just going to the funeral and there was someone there that had it and you know, you're there for two hours in a small church and then in Ohio, which is right across the river from us. One of the protesters, you know, he was going on facebook and saying, oh, you know, governments taking away our rights, He died off run wires,
you
know?
Well
there's
somebody
comedian on the radio had a great line about, you know, our parents went to war to defend our right to live and have freedom. And uh all we gotta do is I'm going to watch tv like don't screw this up. It's
not that tough, you know? Um
No,
but
also like, you know, talking about freedom, they don't understand that part of their freedom. They're allowed to bitch about the the Covid 19, you know, that's that's your freedom right there buddy. You're protesting. That's that's your right.
We're
just asking. Don't be stupid at my you know my girlfriend says don't come in the hospital if you catch
it from being a purpose because I don't want to treat you.
girlfriend.
The anesthesiology
at the Children's hospital. Um So she gets called in like if some kid comes in with an appendectomy overnight um But she's right. She wants a risk bracelet like you get at concerts that you're old enough to drink like okay I'm stupid. I did this, don't treat me leave me here
and you know there's so much time like you can read all the books you want, you can start a new hobby, you can go in kyocera and take a course in something you always wanted to learn, learn new language, whatever you have the time to do all this stuff, cook more bacon or whatever.
No I mean I don't get it. You have you know this is only going to be you know three months, six months a year or whatever. Uh
He finished up, well actually he didn't even finish up, he going to owe you an Ohio Ohio University in Athens and he took a gap year. Mhm worked in a gas station, got held up, decided he wanted to go to college. It's like good move keegan. Um You know I don't care what he does as long as he's happy but I'm glad he realized like he needs some job skills. Um
Yeah so he's staying on my taxes um up in Ohio and he'll come down a little bit and stay with us for a while um Just going online and then he finishes up this month. Actually may,
I'm not sure of the
day, Well just his first year and then
I think
it's
like,
yeah. And then I think it's still up in the air um
when
they
go
back
and I don't know like do you go back in the fall or is it even set yet or anything?
Great volleyball puma. I played volleyball and yeah. So pepper down great valuable team.
I hope
you can.
I still have a great volleyball team.
Yeah. Basketball. Volleyball. I think where you guys too? Major
sports when I went to college years ago?
I mean it's may. So it's, you know, they got a son
to three months. What's going to happen?
But
no.
You're going to hear both in Kentucky and in Ohio. Um they want to reopen but do it, you know, plan step by step and
keep an eye on things and make sure. I think that's the best way to do it. Honestly. I mean like we don't want to go back in two months and say oh my God we got to close everything again because
no,
no
I mean you know I'd rather spend another month like this or two months like this
and get everything open and then more people sick and more people die and
what
For
I
mean it's
just
you know, I wish the feds would come through with more money to help people that have been thrown out of work by like the restaurants and you know Uber drivers and um
I mean
there's no easy answers. You know there's
that's
the, you know my girlfriend, I always talk about this and it's like you know when trump came in and he said oh I haven't. But it's like the reason why health care has been solved in this country. That there's no easy answer. You can't just wave a magic snap your finger and it's done. And that's why Korea hasn't been. North, Korea hasn't been solved because it's not an easy
problem.
It's
there's
a reason why the smartest people we have in this country haven't figured it out yet. It's not this is one of them. It's not an easy uh not an easy answer. You just snap your fingers and bam there's you know magic. It's like well there's a reason.
This is
Great.
Yeah. I mean you know we got
to wait
till
the vaccine. We gotta get more testing out. We gotta you know you can't just who we
should
find
star.
No, I don't think so. I think you're right.
More
like a year to 18 months. They're trying to rush it. But
Year to 18 months. Um
If people cooperate I think we can do it. What worries
me is like people going out on the beach is standing next
to each
other. You
know
what?
I
mean
movie
theaters
I
think should be one of the last things we have netflix for god's sake. What do you want? You
know
there's a there's a movie theater here and I don't know why people are doing this but they're selling popcorn for curbside delivery so you can go by the movie theater and pick up
an
$8
thing of popcorn. It's like man you can go to Kroger and get
you
know
for eight bucks you can get like gallons of it. I don't
know
why
some people say that it it tastes better but it's like
I don't know man, you're
I mean
when you go
when you're in the movie like you want to have some popcorn, eat it you know but like you
don't
want
to pay eight bucks or 10 bucks for
Yeah you know well be creative you know I guess
are.
And a lot of them they're releasing them on
pay for view online. I'm not sure like through amazon or netflix or whatever. Yeah.
There
there.
Oh my God have you seen the prices for those new movies?
Yeah it was one of them my girlfriend's kid wanted see it you know so I don't know one of the marvel Avengers or whatever. It's you know one of the superhero 24 99 for rent.
You know you see it that one time that's it you know I would have
paid
$25 like.
No kidding.
I mean
I should leave me. I thought it was gonna be like amazon or netflix where you pay four bucks or five bucks and you can see the movie and open.
What
unless
you
have
of four that it's going to watch it. You know that it makes sense. But
I
had
shock.
Let
me tell
you.
but I've gotten into bash the series on amazon.
It was it's based on actually takes place in LA. Um
It's a homicide cop. It's based on a murder series book series written by Malcolm Connolly who was a crime reporter in LA. And I started reading them Like 20 years ago and I love
them.
I thought they were they're dark but they're really good like you know you really get into them and then I was cruising through amazon there. It was so binging on that. And the other ones Killing Eve. So I don't know we're both binge watching
homicide show
so
go
bigger.
I don't view myself
you
know this
was
it's nice too because With all these shows you don't have to worry about being home on Thursday night at 8:00 to go watch it. You know when you got some time, watch
the next
show,
if
you
forget
what
happened
you just back it up. Oh okay now I remember okay I can start walking or you miss them. You know it's
it's
great
and
you know
one of my friends said that because Helen her like you know what about a course on Coursera or cook more hobby or? Well that's the problem. I don't have any hobbies.
It
was like
you need to find one for God this woman like 62 years old I think she needs to find out. Like
is there
anything
you
ever wanted to do? Like cooking or gardening or reading or
something?
Yeah. I've been catching up, sending notes to old college friends through Words with friends. You know, catching up with each other.
What can I have? You know lee I haven't Haven't seen her in probably 30 years. Mhm.
And we've touched base a few times but now and it's one, she's one of those good friends that after we talked, we're right back. We're still close.
You
know,
it's
still
my
first
fire department. We were supposed to have a reunion in boston
because there's like six of us, not me, but six people that moved back to boston. Okay. Eventually we're going to actually was this last week, but the first weekend of May we're going to be up in boston, have a reunion
and it's obviously got canceled. So one guy said, what about Zoom? And it's like, oh man, I wish you had told me about that. Like a week ago. I would have arranged it. So for, for this sunday, uh,
you know, do something and then everyone else who's scattered wherever they are can join in too. Uh,
just
catch up some of these guys,
We had our last reunion in 2012 massachusetts and it's so like, let's just go ahead and do it again.
I
don't want
to,
I
guess
having, um, their, their sermons on Zoom now And like happy hour together. Everyone gets a drink and get on at 7:00 and together. So it's
great.
That's the key though. You got them on them. You know, you got to make the effort. You can't just sit there and say what was me? You gotta, you know, let's do something, let's have a happy hour again. Let's have a church thing together, this saturday or let's, you know,
barbecue
in our backyard
and you know, film it.
Look at
me,
jesus,
who would have thought right
20
years ago.
So do
you play our,
I
can never like to bend your fingers and wrists like that. I could, I always wanted. So
I played
these
guys,
we look so
easy.
I
played
the
drums in high school in college
and harmonica.
I
know,
I think it's whatever you learn and then you think that's easy because I think that's easy. That's normal. As a matter of fact, it's funny because I haven't played the drums seriously in 30 years and we accept behind a couple of kids just to mess around. You know, so many new. I played drums like, Hey, why didn't get behind the kit Mikey. Um I was at a meet up group months ago um and we were breaking up um you know the meeting was over and I don't know I think three or four of us were left finishing up our drinks. Um My friend was there and then to other people I didn't know you know we just met that night and we're just talking about whatever. And then one guy looks at me and says you're a drummer, how the hell did you know like I didn't mention it, I haven't played rather than 30 years. You don't know me?
You know my friend she didn't she said you play drums like he didn't even know and he said you tap your feet. I he said every time the jukebox came on in the room it was in a bar bar meeting room. Uh He said he started tapping your feet just like you run with the high hat in the bass drum. And he said you put your hands right where a drummer puts him, when he's ready to play, the song is going to start, you put your drunk, you know, you get the ready position and oh my God, I didn't even realize I did that. And
it was a music teacher. That's how we knew
now. Is that bizarre? Like, some guy I never met before, my entire life says you're a drummer
that was
No, I mean I've probably been doing it for 30 years and I Yeah,
Yes. Like I said soon, my friend, she knew me for, I don't know, a year or two and she, you know, never
comes
up, you know, something you did that long ago and
We had a high school reunion last fall and we had a jam session
and those and uh they videotaped the whole thing and boy I sucked,
do
you know it was great, you know, and we all put stuff on a um wish list of songs to do. Um ted the guy that organized that he rented studio space and he made a tape, I mean he he went all out on this.
that was my favorite memory of the high school reunion was you know, 15 of us. And even if you didn't play, you come and and sing harmony, you know for jumping Jack Flash order. That was my one contribution. What?
Mhm.
You know what the key is? Always say yes, agree to whatever
and you know people say, how did you do so much stuff in your life? I said, I always said yes and you know
the things
we regret or the things I didn't do, some of the stuff I did wasn't so smart and I say well I mean that again but
you can learn yes, hopefully you learn but always you know go for the adventure, go for the experience. You know that's no one
cares what
No one cares about what what you own in light but now that I'm older you know I lived in Hong kong for six months. Mhm.
I had a free trip there and back. My dad won a free um he wants some sales contest and he gave me a trip because he didn't have enough for two trips for him and his wife and his wife didn't want him to go. So you get like I'll go to Hong kong.
I got
three hotel
and flight there and back and then I stayed there a few more months and I took leave from the fire department and I say three months mainly Hong kong. I also went to Macau And I took 12 weeks in China. I do not remember the city. Whatever city is close to Macau is, where where I was
this
week.
I
love how
I
want
to go back.
I grew up in new york city and your Hong kong remind me so much of new york city,
so much to do and so much to,
that's
what
I mean
like
that's what I'm used to grow up in new york city. So I went to Hong kong like man even though I'm white and don't really
fit
in but
it's like I'm home and this is I know
what
I had one person um the hotel I was staying at, he wrote down the address and the phone number of like the main desk. So I never got into trouble. I can go see someone so like I need help
and
you
know
it has
no I never had a single problem in Hong kong. You know I didn't I never need to use that note but it was fun. I mean go travel, go you know always say yes. Mhm.
I
know
you know keep your eyes and ears open and always say yes and you never know where stuff leads to and you know you know we spent time macros era earlier um I got thrown from a bike, I got hit by a van thrown from my bike and end up with head injuries and broke a bunch of bones and sponge service and then my career in the fire department. Uh huh.
Well I would have met my girlfriend unless this happened because she was in the hot.
Uh I had no idea she was a doctor. I just saw a cute blonde in the cafeteria. I started hitting on her. I don't even know she was third date. Uh huh.
We're still here eight years later.
No no I was there for therapy and and I went down to cafeteria because you know I had like therapy in the morning then the doctor's appointment at two or something and I went to the cafeteria to get something to eat, watch time and there was a cute blonde behind me and lunch in line so we started you know I started teasing her and you know hitting on her and we we ate lunch together and we hit it off and I ask for a phone number and we went out like a weak player and eight years later here we are.
That reflect about me because I was I just liked her, I didn't
and that's what I mean. You know if you don't take the chance you never know so take the chance.
Yes it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out. But if it works out you have you know a great story about how you met your Girlation boyfriend or you stay in Hong Kong for three months or
you
want to hear something really funny about her being a doctor since you want to be a doctor too. Yeah all my friends. No I still have you know medical issues. I have to go see the doctor. I have to go to um physical therapy, cognitive therapy etcetera etcetera etcetera. So far comes up. I can always say well I have a doctor's appointment. But really what it means is that Elizabeth got to work early, she can come home and we'll have lunch together for an early dinner. So
I just
told people I have a doctor's point I have to cancel, they have a doctor's appointment so sorry no problem. They don't realize it was Elizabeth, my girlfriend.
So going
out with the doctor is is that you know I just have a doctor's appointment
And
I sold
that story in the New York Times for $250 because
you
know everyone
everyone
thinks that the doctor is you know you have free medical advice or you know high status or income or but
now it's
really you can just say I have a doctor's appointment and just
yeah pediatric anesthesiologist.
it's it's high paying high stress but so is the er you know.
Yeah Right now she's on 12 on 12 off seven days a week.
Normally she works monday through thursday, Excuse me, 12 hours on 12 hours off Monday through Thursday. Um And then one or 2 nights a week she's got called and then one weekend a month from like friday seven p.m. Till monday at six a.m. Or something like that she's got called but it's really actually is not there. And You know I had a firefighter schedule 24 hours on 48 hours off. So this for me this is perfect like this is you know.
Yeah. And then
the other thing she said
to me one time um because her sister, she comes from a family of doctors and lawyers. Like high end. Yeah
well um way beneath her hey level you know and her sister asked her why she was going out with me and I'm a fire that was a firefighter and that machine comes home and says I had a bad day kid died. I know what she's going through because I had kids die on me. And she said no other guy that have gone out with knows that. Um does that feel him?
So. Yeah.
We seem pretty well matched so um
and eight years and still,
I don't know. Have you checked time?
They said there was a time around there.
We're supposed to be oh yeah
we're
way past.
Okay. Yeah. We had 45 minutes probably. We only need 25.
That's great
talking
to you. I don't even It didn't seem like 45 minutes.
Thank
you.
Always say yes. Go for all the adventures. You can
nice talking to you too. Um
Have fun.