I can't hear you, I can't hear you. Mhm. If you're on uh if you're using google chrome, I had a lot of issues with the last conversation that I did, so Yeah. Shit, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, well yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Um mm it worked for me after I put into earbuds last time it wasn't working when I didn't have my ear buds in. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
I
can hear,
you know,
I can see you fine. Yeah.
Good,
nice to meet you. My name is Jack
I am from the Bay Area originally. Um So actually live in Berkeley, so um you're right now,
how
about
you?
I will, yeah, I've been many times. Um my dad is from the philadelphia areas, I've been there like two times when I was young um I've gone
on
like random vacations, like to new york and I've also been to Maine as well. It's super pretty. I really
like it. Yeah,
I guess same question. Have you ever been to like the
west
coast?
You really should? It's it's
You know, it's the same same with California, although it it
is astronomically expensive, but
I
don't know, I don't know. Is that a current ballot proposition?
Like maybe I was one in the past?
thank
you.
I shouldn't
know about that.
That
that makes
sense.
Let's just say how do you like being an accountant?
What?
Go ahead.
I'm actually a student, I'm in college,
so I yes,
I mean it's just really terrible that coronavirus is happening during it, but so I mean technically I'm a junior, but I took this semester off because I just, I felt like it wasn't worth
it
because
it was basically
all
online.
So
I'm a business measure and then I'm also mina ring in math and political economy. Um
So yeah. Yeah. Pretty pretty. Like not a lot of them really not super related. So it is, I feel like I'm getting kind of um a
true like liberal arts
education
I guess.
So. Yeah.
no definitely. I mean just more like, I don't know, I I feel like on one side it's very stem E. And then like on the other side it's very much more because like political economy is a lot more like liberal arts,
if if that
makes sense.
So.
Yeah.
Um What
kind of law do you practice?
mm hmm. No but I know that that is definitely interesting. Um I used to want to be a lawyer actually. I wanted to say my grandpa was a lawyer I wanted to take after him. So yeah. Um Just not interested in
that.
It's
just
way
interesting. Yeah I know that I've been part of it that way but no I think that
definitely
makes
sense.
Way
interesting.
wow. Okay. Well it makes sense. I mean I've heard law schools super expensive at a lot of places
so.
See yeah like even even in state schools at at at U. C. Schools the tuition for grad programs is a lot um
It's
a lot I mean it's it's a lot more like even for in state residents which I don't know
that sounds crazy to that you'd be paying, I could be paying like 40,000 for law school if I really can in the state
resident.
But
I
might as
well.
Good
to
know.
Yeah. Um I guess so. Like how is this your first time doing this kind of this conversation study
thing
or?
same. I did one yesterday and that was my first time and it was interesting. I know what to expect, but
Oh yeah, I know it worked out fine. It was um I got paired with a girl who's a grad student um in Chicago. And um you know, I think we don't want to talk about because she graduated relatively recently from college and then I'm also in college and not to mention she was also from Oakland, so we like bonded a lot over. Yeah.
Yeah. Um Yeah,
no it's something interesting but Yeah.
Well
that's awesome. Yeah
so do yeah. Um No my mom, my mom would love that my mom like is the director of like a wildlife sanctuary and she loves animals,
so she was crazy.
Isn't
it?
that's so cute.
that's what I've heard.
Good.
That's so nice though. Yeah I'm sure they really appreciate it.
it's fun, it's super cool. So do you so then do you like live more like in like the woods or like a rural area
for all
the
animals city
coming
here?
That's funny. Yeah.
Um
That's super cool. Um Yeah,
no
so actually
no.
Yeah so um I actually I'm not originally from the Oakland um but the bay area is in northern California. Um
I'm actually I'm actually yeah, I'm actually from Menlo Park um which is a city right next to stanford, like kind of like the north edge of Silicon Valley, like near Palo Alto, if you've ever heard
of it.
And
yeah and then um yeah and
then I I go to school in Berkeley, so
I um moved up here and that's
like
across
the bay
and
more
north.
you definitely should come to the to the barrier. Um It was yeah, it's a really cool place to live and you know, I'm biased, but I think it's a lot better than
so cal
yeah, I'm surprised you know about the Salton sea because like barely anybody in California like knows what that is, Yeah.
I've
heard
about that.
No. Exactly
and Yeah,
that's Oh no, sorry, I know, I was just saying like um I think like five years ago California had a really bad drought and a lot of it was just because like you know we're overpopulated in areas where people should not be living or it's like not sustainable,
so. Yeah.
I don't know. Yeah.
seriously? Uh um or like phoenix also for phoenix is just really like should
not
exist
as a city.
I will say I cannot survive in community at all, so I commend new Yorkers for that.
we don't have to deal with that, luckily just some rain in the winter
is
mostly.
Yes.
Yeah.
All
that's true. Yes.
well it's it's all all on my mom's side that ended up here and It was before then it was in the
1890s, like my great great grandfather immigrated from Sweden to the Bay Area and then kind of um yeah, just just set up a life there and it's funny four generations of my family have basically lived not only in the Bay Area but like the same area within the Bay area. Um my sister actually went to the same high school that my mom went to and then the same one um that my grandparents met out before they got married, so it's kind of crazy.
this
is
unless
I
want
to be tested.
I understand. Mhm.
Just
tell me
again.
Yeah.
allow
that's so I can tell you like a lot very connected like with your roots and you're italian
heritage
or yeah, that's good.
No that's um well envious honestly because I feel like nobody is connected with
our roots in my
family
but
Well
well
No,
Wait
that's so funny.
um wow, no that's awesome. Um
that's super
yeah mhm um Yeah I actually do have like another meeting that starts soon but I have to go to and I think we're over 25
but really
good talking to you and um yeah, I hope
you have a
great
rest
of your
day.
Thank you.