Okay. It likes me. All right, cool. Mhm. All right.
And
sorry,
sorry for all the trouble is I worked yesterday, worked earlier today and just suddenly decided just plan, we didn't want to um Never had that happen before. Uh My pictures really dark Oh dear. Um To me if I is that Yeah, because buying just is not good for me, I'm like right with my kid and start working. Uh So I'm having a grand old time.
Anyway, I'm dan, how are you? Good, nice to meet you. My
name is Jack,
where are you from? Uh huh.
I'm
over
in new
york uh Suffolk County specifically, so bid east of new york city. Um It's lovely over here, come movies. Um So uh Okay. Um Yeah, have you ever been to the East Coast? Mhm. Oh.
you
bet.
it
Okay. Yeah.
No,
never
It's actually on my to do list sometime in the next couple of decades. Uh
that's what people tell me. Yeah, but I mean I'm self employed um I got a lot of stuff going on over here, so I mean I haven't had a vacation since like 2007 for reasons, so um I'm kind of stuck here, not in my mind because I love New York, I mean I don't know how many people I know that I've actually left the states by north Carolina and all that because of course we got the high taxes, the high expensive everything, but it's like, you know, we're paying that for a reason, it's great here, so it's like um oh.
my
you've got that, it was proposition whatever.
It actually locked the property taxes to be super cheap, but then they had Jack all the other taxes to make up for it. It's kind of me think.
it was back like in the 60s
back when California's a very different kind of state. They actually I have to look this up because I know it was just one ballot initiative passed back then and it basically screwed their budgets forever. Um just a proposition in California. Yeah. Property taxes. It's a proposition 14 oh uh that's that's proposition 15 now that it's right. Yeah, I'm not finding it now but Oh nice souvenir, here we go, Proposition 13, People's initiative limit. Property taxation is an amendment to the constitution, California enacted during 1969 78. So if
you
have any Advil or taxable probably 61% of the full cash value of such property. So yeah that's gonna kill local budget. But um
I
mean
I
kind
of know about that because I'm certified public accountant and attorney also, so like this is really up in my bailiwick and it's like I found some California taxes also nothing like the real estate obviously, but income tax, which are interesting. Franchise taxes are nuts, but it is what it is. Mhm. Yeah.
Well I mean it ain't bad um like so I'm self employed, I saw my own firm about eight years ago um and I'm basically the local taxpayers, so I do a lot of individual returns and I do them one on one with people, so like it's not like you think of an accountant being locked in the back room just like with the county machine crunching numbers nonstop. Um Rather you know, I'm at a desk. Um No I mean like my mother is in front of me but like a client will be based on where you are right now. Um And just talking about you know what's happening past year thinking their tax docks uh funny stories back and forth. Um And it's very personable sort of thing actually. I'm actually friends with all my clients now. I mean it's kind of funny. I've got one the Heat. Yeah he referred all his friends now. I know them as well and his name is Lenny. So we'll make jokes about the lady News network that he sends me these huge texts. Um These political things that um he loves trump and you know whatever. Um It's kind of funny but it's like thanks man, I really need this. Yeah but you know that that's that's my business and it's pleasant I can't complain about. It's just that you know this thursday is the extension deadline. So actually just before I came I finished one more return. So yeah. Um But I'm also a lawyer so that's also more variety, a lot more variety. Um But uh
no. Oh I'm sorry what
do you do? Okay.
I have the fun times.
Uh
it's
all of
the electronics
and
you
don't get the same experience and it's not working money, it really isn't. Um uh What do you mean
drinking? Okay.
That's the thing.
I
mean
they are pretty
related
I mean like if you're going to business I mean you do need math for it even if you come out an accountant. Um And also political, you know political process. I mean the amount of regulation and laws they have to comply with at all times. It's good to have a notion of how those happen. Um You know, just as a practical matter.
It's
sign.
It's
um they're not really definite answers. It's more like wishy washy basically. We don't know what the answer might just make up some random bullshit. And basically uh which that's law school, which uh
Yeah. Yeah.
Um
I do a bunch of real estate, so um you know buying and selling property. I've got this one couple that they're they're buying a house two doors down from them and selling their current one right now. It's kind of funny, really cool house. Um Got some crazy deal in Brooklyn, but I want to talk about that one. That's that's irritating soldiers Russian buyer and brighten like God on my go away. Um But yes, I do a bunch of real estate land lieutenant, also mostly on the landlord side because it's who comes in. Um And also elder law, I do a bunch of that. So like this past Thurs Thursday actually met with the 92 year old lady who's got the start of dementia. So it was important to get there soon in case you didn't know this, if you don't actually get in there before they utterly lose their marbles and they basically incoherent uh you would at least under New York, I'm sure California's very similar. You have to choose to a mental um a proceeding Supreme Court Trial court in California uh to actually have a guardian appointed to represent that person and then you're under court supervision forever and ever. And that's a nightmare and a half because they've got another, you know chef in the kitchen just it gets it gets PMS plus it's expensive as hell. So what you do to head that off to do what's called durable power of attorney and with that, so long as they can still appreciate their actions and you have to ask a bunch of questions that ascertained that. And she, she passed, she was cool. She can remember things for five minutes ago, but she understood what was going on around her. So that was, that was beautiful. Thank God. Uh, so you know, and did that and now I'm doing actually early. So I did the Medicaid applications and hopefully find filing this week. Uh, so yeah, so basically real property, elder law taxes. That is what I do. I'm wonderfully interesting. Uh,
You
never know. I mean when I was in college, law school was on my radar, I mean I was, I started just a general business major, um, you know, go for like a management or something like that. And um, I took principles of county and like, okay, the president is xi mu yang, Simon Yang. And um he said that you know accounting is like the language of business and you know everybody needs it and I'm like that's pretty good sales pitch, I'll go for it. Um And also there's always a job for accountants, like always. Um so that's, that's why I switched and then I got towards the end of college, I started thinking, you know, I really enjoy history, but like history majors tend to starve to death. So um
how,
you know, so I did a history minor which is a bunch of fun, that's what it was. But then you appeals are saying maybe look at law school and I'm like, okay sure why not? And when you think about if you're doing taxes and a lot of accounting type work, you're actually
following in May cases, laws and regulations. So it kind of pays to have some sort of legal acumen to actually approach that, especially given how quite frankly badly tax laws are being written nowadays. Um, you need logically to understand them. Mm.
I mean,
again,
the
to interlock and you know, a lot of, a lot of my business, I'm just cross selling
with myself basically. Um, I do their taxes and they have a closing, so I do that and then they realize, oh my God, I just had a kid. Now I have to think, well, what if I can't buy a bus? So then I do the will also, and it's like, um, and also I arrange everything for tax advantage too, because, you know, it's what I am. Uh, so it's, it's kevin, it's a neat marrying of two professions that it's worked out so far anyway. Uh, Yeah,
but that's what I'm saying. I mean, maybe down the line, you may look at law school again because it's not a bad way to go, especially get like get your one piece of advice I would give you go that route, do it as cheaply as possible because the legal job market is not what it used to be. Yeah, I mean, well, so I graduated from law school in 2012, actually, graduate college in 2008. So I really time that beautifully And after 2000 and 2009, you know, the whole economic world ended then as opposed to um, nowadays, just the world is ending apparently. Uh, um, you know, the legal job market, especially in the new york area, but it's really nationwide took a matron major bullet and I don't think it's really recovered ever. That's kind of why I went solo straight out of law school because you know, I was on our review on ST john's and good school and the jobs weren't really there like they had been in the past um you know, prior to the great collapse, like if you were on law review, Um, you basically guaranteed a job at a big firm where you're making $160,000 a year from the get go. No, I think only two or three people in my whole lot of you class, which is like 30 people actually got that sort of thing. And I know I didn't, but I have my CPL license, so it's like, who cares? Mhm. Okay. Right.
You
know, if you can go for a skate school, I mean it would be a lot better or try to somehow ace the L. S. A. T. No fighting over you, wow.
a lot more. Yeah.
What?
Sheriff.
I mean
you find that
much you can go. I think also it's like $50,000 a year private. So it's like that's not much of a savings. Yeah, I
mean
and
that's because I recommend that you relocate to New York for the records of time period, then go to a Sunni school I think be down around 20,000 that case. Uh huh. Yeah, I mean I haven't looked at it recently. Um I mean the state's been cutting aid to the whole Sunni system so it's probably gone up also. But I just know compared to private schools in new york it's hell of a lot cheaper. And that's
really the way to go. Mhm. Oh yeah,
well
if you have any advice, you know, if everyone, I don't know how you can take me, but yeah, I know things.
no, actually
I
did one last night actually, um which was kind of cool so that I said, you know, this was fun, so let's try it again. Yeah.
I mean, you mind me asking who they paired you up with? I mean joe Rogan, Okay. I mean
Yeah. Mhm
Oh
got paired up with a girl who just graduated from college in Ithaca, so that's upstate new york, which had exactly what that was. Um she had a thing in veterinary science. So like um she had a little dog named misty is popular in which I used to have a popular when I was a kid and she took care of like lambs and horse a horse and she's only like five ft two. She says she was scared definitely because it was like huge. Um, like where I live, we actually have this whole flock of ducks. I mean I think 16 the other day that, you know, kind of feed and take care of to a limited extent. There are, there are outdoor pets basically and you have all the crack coins flinging at them and they become nuts and we have a family of wands also that
they have their little signet's, it's, and they basically live in our front yard, uh, sort of, uh, we feed them. Yeah,
yeah. Dogs.
Yeah. Makes sense.
No, I mean a couple of years ago we actually had, it was a mama duck with her ducklings
and she kept going by here because we
feed them and just the cutest things ever. Actually. Let's see before, it's worth, let's see if this will come through halfway decently. But that's my dog, Susie. She's a little um Jack russell, that was a colour that had on her because
she was you know like your pause and wait until they bled, which was you see what you're doing that. Um But yeah, I mean I got frozen here, someplace will take me a while to find. So yeah, we'll hear some ducks, you know, in our driveway uh eating crack corn actually how far away from them because it gets spooked. But you know, they're just happy as anything. And we actually have some PVC caps um that we filled with water and then also some crack corn because you don't give them bread by the way because it's nutrient poor. Give. Yeah.
Um Yeah we actually go to uh was it tractor supply? And we get the big £50 sacks because we got a lot of birds. Um but
we have these two little PVC caps and basically made them a little food dishes for them with water and everything. They love those things. Those those caps got nasty fast though. Mm hmm.
whenever we come out of the house, they see us, they start wilding towards us. But at a safe distance. Uh we are food uh mostly harmless. Yeah.
No. So
like,
I'm so
So
like Suffolk
County is, You know, it's about 40 miles from Manhattan. There bounce. Uh so we are very much the suburbs. Um but we're like a much lower density suburb. Um I guess we have trees nice. Um but you know, I'm not in the rural section. If you have further east in Suffolk County, you've got sod farms is a really big thing, You've actually got farms that grow corn, peaches stuff um as you went out east a few weeks ago and on the North Fork, which ever get a chance to go to North Fork is beautiful. Um Yeah, with all these, as far as I have, you know, livestock there and a bunch of goats, like a stupid number of goats and having a little pain, but they could, you know, poke their head through and one of the, one of these goats decided to start eating my pants, so that was cool.
but you know where I am though, it's, it's a suburb, it's low density residential or medium density, whether they actually classified as uh but we, I live on a river. Um it's a pretty big river actually, the biggest on the island I think. Um and that's why I've got all this water fowl and I love him. Mhm, mm.
Okay.
When you're originally from Oakland, so that's southern California, Right? Um
Oh, it is. Okay,
thank
you.
right. Ok. Yeah,
google's
there. Mhm.
Because
All right,
Wait,
yeah, that's
not far.
And I'm
looking at a map
and the other
monitor,
it's like, mhm, these are all places I probably should see someday.
Well,
you know something California, whatever you look, it's a desert. I mean, um they don't have water, the Sultan C is disappearing for a reason, I mean, Okay. Yeah.
yeah. So like I know a lot about like destroyed waterways and whatnot, because we've got the Great South Bay where I've been like supporting suffering projects in Suffolk County and elsewhere to try to improve the water quality in the bay. Because most of County, about 75% of it where I live, including my house um is on a septic system. That was subject system basically basically flush toilet. All your poop goes into this tank, it percolates there for a little while, An anaerobic environment, which doesn't really break down anything and then it goes to a litchfield and then once it we just bleach feel actually, then just lets the pool water go into the ground where then it gets into the watershed, goes into the Great South Bay. And now uh you end up with massive algal blooms, hypoxia, all the fish dying. It stinks to high heaven. It's just unpleasant. Um yeah, nitrogen and water. It is bad. Uh but you know, one of the things you should look if it's like the Salton sea is disappearing, it's it's bad. But you all look like the worst case of that ever is the Aral sea in the former USSR. That is insane how that has shrunk. Uh huh. It's the
arrow
puddle
at this point. It's damn depressing. Um But you know, it's basically people going to place whether it's not that much water using all of it and then wondering, well gee why is there no water now? It's like dude, you're living in a desert, you
Okay.
I'm sorry. Yeah.
I
I mean, you know, I was thinking global warming all that, there's less snowpack in the mountains, so less less melt coming down, so less watering. The get go then the farmers want all of it for apparently almonds, which is big thing. Uh But you know, California is not nearly as bad as las Vegas, That's one that I will never understand.
Uh Yeah, You know like I get it. Um you know Mofiosi in the 1940s essentially. You know others of my people I'm italian. So yeah, they discovered this place over there, did all this gambling there and then somehow built up because you could watch nuclear bombs going off 100 miles from there and like suddenly this is a good idea. It's like, no.
you
know,
I
I know some people have moved there, it's like okay, You know, it isn't, it's a desert, there's open to dry heat. I'm like, I don't care, it's still 102° like dude, come on! All right. Mhm. Oh
you know, you know, thank God for air conditioning because otherwise it is hell, that's one downside in new york, right? I mean we having super humid summers then we have damn cold winters and then we have like 3-4 months a year. So like in the spring and then in the fall where it's like it's beautiful here and then it goes away. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
you guys
are a lot further south and you've got the rockies that blocks a lot of weather, so it's like you landed in a nice place. Yeah.
Yeah,
but I will say it ain't new york,
so. No. Right.
Uh when is your family actually end up in California? Because I mean, were you guys like in the 30s like the Dust Bowl, pushed your west or anything like that curiosity? Oh.
Come on,
it's nice, I mean, okay, if you land in a good place where I move um So from my end, so uh my family um we come from the island of ponza in Italy. And so the island of ponza which is another, you ever go to Italy take the hydrofoil from from okay I'm sorry, I'm sorry and just go to ponce that's like spend some time there, It's beautiful, it's this little rocky island in the middle of the mediterranean beautiful place. Um But it was actually totally unpopulated. It happened originally colonized and settled during roman times and then like Empire collapsed, Islam rises in North Africa. And now we have pirates, they start raiding the bent 18 months, then they're like screw this for getting the hell out. And it was basically unpopulated until 1735. Why is that? Well 17 34 the king of the two Sicily's uh issued decree saying, hey look I wanna actually you know develop this land, I got my realm and I'll give free land to whoever actually goes through to colonize. Well, my many times great grandfather Matea heard this is like
free
land gimme gimme gimme India politan um, and organized because a bunch of families, you know, I eventually got books on my bookshelf over there actually has a history of the island. Um,
you know, the copy the heads of families, copy the family. Um, to go with these fishermen that he got boats from, to the island ponds, which was a couple of days
sail
back
then and we proceeded to remain on said island until 1931-32. So we were there for about two centuries. Um, so literally just never went anywhere. And then it was on, you know, my grandfather, my great grandfather, he was a, just a labor. He would go back and forth across the atlantic to new york, just to work and send money back
until one great glorious day my great grandmother said, you know Angela, what the hell are you doing? Leave me on this damn rock over
here,
take
me, you know, I heard stories about my great grandmother, which she was a bit nuts, uh
um but you know, at that point then, you know, my grand, my great grandfather got the visas for his, his wife, the five kids, and then my grandfather, who was like, great man, um he, his his plan to get the United States to get out of Italy, which Southern Italy, it was like, no, no work. Um he actually got a job in the steamship, he was a coal shoveler, And being back in the 20s, he had joined the fascist party to be a coal-shoveler, which have his fascist party card. It's kind of cool. Um, and his plan was unworthy ships. He would go all over the place when he got to harbor in the United States, he would jump overboard and swim to shore. You know, basically be like when the original illegal immigrants. Uh, of course the ship he was on when to every single port, but the United States, so that didn't work out. So then when my great grandfather came back to the island to get visas for everybody, uh, my my grandfather said, hey, look me too. And he got like this really late issued visa, it was right before the ship left, but he was able to get on board and came to the US legally at that point. And uh, they landed um, somewhere in the new york area. I'm not sure where I actually have the ship that they came on. I found the manifest, Somebody scanned it in some place.
Yes, does attorney? A lot of people came over on that one and you know they kind of landed in the Bronx and like that's where they were until you know we called upon Sanzio people from that Italy went gets clear to be a slum. So they had to move to the suburbs, out to Westchester, just north of the city. And that's actually um where I you know that's where I landed too, when I when I first came into being I was born in Manhattan and then my first house was my grandfather's, my grandparents house in a Pelham Pelham Manor which is in Westchester there and I grew up there until finally, you know I was about 19 or 20 uh moved out to Long Island and yeah it's better over here.
I
got a notion.
Shit.
Well,
I mean
look, you know
that you're was a great, great, great four times great grandfather came from Sweden. So like That is more than most people know, like, you know, he arrived on these shores in 1890s. So like dude, you're doing a about as well as I am. Uh, you know, uh, like I also more connected to in the sense that like my mom was not born in the United States, she was born in Italy. Um, you know, up in so far north is frankly either Austria Slovenia, whichever one you want to pick basically. Um, and so she is straight up foreigner. She came over to this country when she was seven years old. Uh, according to some people, she has a very slight accent, but I've never been able to discern it, but she speaks fluent italian and also float influence for Alana, which is a dialect of italian. Uh but never mind. She's actually,
she was actually a german citizen because her father was a german um who was stationed
in Northern Italy because, well he got drafted for the wrong side, shall we say. And uh so he was an occupier in Northern Italy at which point he, you know, found my grandmother a strange fashion uh and they ended up together, which is arguably a mistake for their personal lives, but I'm very thankful for because I appreciate existing. Um but yeah, so you know both my grandparents on my dad's side were first generation off the boat. Um My mom is, she's off the boat and you know my grandmother, my grandfather asked my grandma was born in Germany in an area of Germany that's no longer Germany now it's Poland because you know, wars have consequences, especially when you try to exterminate half of europe, just not very polite. Um
uh and my grandmother and my mom's mom was actually born in, you know, up in freely. So when I was growing up, I mean for nothing, um a lot of the words like I didn't know the english words for a bunch of things when I was growing up. So like I spoke english officers, my first language, okay, I'll be thinking this. Um but like when I looked at a car, it wasn't a car, it was LaMattina because that's what my mom
and grandma called it all the time. Mhm. So
I got proper tomato sauce in my veins, you know, kim.
Yeah, I mean
I'm also about a quarter german some teutonic meatball as I call myself.
Probably, I mean I got here a bit late, but I think maybe like 807,810. So I think we pretty much now. Okay. You,
too.
You
too?
Good
luck with
everything,
man.
right. Bye bye.