Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. It's not okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. What's that? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. I don't know. Thank you. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. What's up? Okay. Mhm. Two. Uh huh. Whatever. Mm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Two. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Comes to. Mhm. Okay.
Hey, how's it going?
Being here?
it's not bad. It's um, like $15 almost.
Did
you just
start doing this kind of stuff? Did you just start like working on prolific? Mhm.
script
prolific is pretty good.
About a year. Yeah. I just try to catch whatever I can, but like you said, this one is really good.
that's
not
bad
at all. Okay.
Uh, and then he just legalizing where I lived though. Mm hmm.
I live in Jersey. Yeah. I had something set up more like they can pass legalization on it and you pass that. Yeah. Mhm.
That's cool. Yeah, I got my hat family down to florida. I've been down to Fort Myers twice.
I like it down
there.
Yeah, it does the president get real cold in the winter or anything like that.
What
would be,
Well, you guys do
to ring.
wow, that's crazy. Yeah, man. Damn. You plan on living in florida and Miami. Like for, um, you know, most of your life or
true.
Yeah. Yeah, it's the same way up and
not offer me actually up and filling the drivers are crazy as hell. Right,
Well, yeah, I love blah blah.
that's really cool. Yeah. Yeah, I actually was about to work for a while while at one point.
No, I love the, like their hoagies and everything and
No I never heard that.
Very
good.
Yeah I'm gonna have to try that out.
Yeah. It's pretty lousy
happen here. Huh?
Yeah I think
it's just afterwards. Yeah and then um I
think for the 20 they allow you to do up to seven of these Or something like that. I think it's like seven.
Yeah this is my my 7th one actually.
Yeah I think it's something like that in 25 minutes. That's not bad. No.
And
I think we had a one weird experience on this thing where I was like talking to them to just one person. Nonetheless. It's kind of weird. Yeah.
Yeah. So but it's not that bad you know? So I don't know. And then I'm the one guy I was talking to, he was actually working while
I was talking to him. That was pretty
Like um
never like working on the computer but he was working on another platform that's like prolific. He was doing like a video job. Well he was trying to do a video job while talking.
Yeah. I don't blame them though. Not at all. I mean it's it's getting really interesting from the ways you can make money from home on, you know, as long as you have a computer.
Yeah, it's not bad. There's some other really good jobs that I've had to to come up once in a while. Two. It's not that there's other platforms to out there um that you can make money on. Yeah. Have you ever heard of user testing? I used to work on them on there but I stopped.
Yeah, probably. Yeah. He used to have stuff like that too when I was home growing up, do you have like some shit like that, you know like you do a little side
now.
You watch like these videos? I had a friend, I was doing that like all the time. He would do it at the um at the library. He would use the library computer. Uh huh. Right.
It is funny as hell.
Yeah. But yeah, that's interesting right now we'll work and everything. I know the people I know there, I'm afraid that there's going to be like a second shut down because I know a girl that she works as like a at the salon as they hear, you know, she got here and everything. Mhm. So Okay.
Yeah. Well, I think in New Jersey right now she's been working for a while, but yeah, I think she's your
Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah, I just I'm gonna be outside. Just been coming on here. I
just cut I cut my own here now.
Yeah I just even there.
that's cool. Yeah. Yeah my girl do it one time. I think she must
have
intentionally though. Yeah. Uh huh.
I looked at it was like what the hell did you do?
she was like a like to get jealous and stuff you know we're going on to the store or something. She will not jealous but she would always think somebody was like hitting on me even if it wasn't.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so I had yeah I'm not with that girl and she ended up going crazy. Yeah.
Yeah that's all right. That's I like having my own up. She lived in me so I'd like to have my own privacy and everything. Yeah sometimes you can get on
for me at least you can get like annoying having someone around me like 24/7. So I don't know I guess you you
just have to find the right person to be able to handle that for me at least. Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh yeah,
Trying to keep someone trying to say well that's caffeine and I'm just trying to like stay energized, it's been really dark here. Um Is
Yeah then you look at the clock and it's like 4:35 and it's like darker and what the hell? Yeah I mean I normally don't even play games but I've been looking at something to play on my own PlayStation four lately just like you know keep me occupied but I'm not working or anything.
a lot of them don't really hold my attention, I'm not really into it like you.
I like a lot of older movies actually. I did this one job where I had to watch a movie in black
and white
movies actually really interesting
are gonna have to watch.
Oh wow that's pretty cool.
I have
to
internet.
Uh huh.
Yeah I haven't uh I haven't watched anything good for a while. I think the last really good show that I watched was so many adjusting it to me but it was about Breaking Bad you know?
I love that show.
Yeah I remember back when you had
it
on the
A. N. C. I didn't watch it back then right.
like
I only liked Mike's the old guys like storyline. I didn't like the lawyer storyline or not. Um
yeah that's what happened to me. I just got so bored of um whatever the lawyer's name is. I don't know. Yeah I didn't like it but mike's is really good. I like him. Yeah and I heard there was a movie to release. Um I didn't watch that.
Yeah I heard a lot of mixed stuff about people telling me, oh you know don't even bother. So it's like uh may be wondering.
Yeah. So I wish she released like another show like Breaking Bad though. I don't know. Right.
No I'm not.
I have to check that out there
similar at all.
Well
but
is everyone ready
for
one
the
on the rooftop? Like all the people go on the rooftop and then the ladies like everyone's like always smoking blunts and stuff like that. All right now I'm thinking of another
show
you know?
that is crazy. Right?
Oh wow. Yeah. I heard there's another show to you that was like Breaking Bad. I watched like the very beginning. I don't know I didn't give myself a chance to get into I think it's called like Narcs or something like that. I don't know.
I call
oh wow. I didn't know it was like the sound like a real thing so.
yeah I watched the um I think it was like a year or two ago. There's this really interesting documentary this guy was over and he was in the Vietnam war and then he kept hearing these things on the telecom about how great it is that living on north Korea and he actually did a documentary on him living over there is crazy but I like that.
wow. Yeah that's pretty damn fool. Yeah I almost got a job doing a teaching english from the United States through some mobile platform. It was called like something fish. I forgot exactly what it was called but it's a real popular one but I screwed up.
I screwed up on the interview though. I didn't know you had to you had to like no like this little it was almost like a lot of high type thing where stuff comes up on the screen and you have to read it and you play music in the background and uh yeah because instructions were kind of weird because it was written like another language you know? So
so
the transition was messed up so I didn't I didn't know exactly what I was supposed to do ahead of time but that's all right. I don't know if I would be too much in the teaching anyways.
Yeah that would be difficult. And you know what did you have to deal with parents? Oh man I don't know I'm not that not that good
That would be pretty funny. Especially if you don't even know what the hell you're saying. No.
that'd be pretty crazy. Uh You have been looking at other ways to make money online to do so many different ways now especially since this pandemic like it's really easy like I'm like
yard.
Really? It's starting back up again.
wow. That's crazy. I didn't know that. Remember when it dipped down 1000? Everybody was freaking out.
man I knew a guy that I don't know what happened to me like disappeared but like I was friends with them online through a game that we played and everything and he said he had a lot of money he put in Bitcoin but I don't know what happened. I don't know if you took it out because he, before I was talking to him, he was on the brink of taking it all out because he was afraid of losing money. So
I think so. And that guy, he made a living um, doing all kinds of while. Well, I thought it was pretty wild, but he would actually do, like, test for, um, medications where he like, lock you in. Yeah.
And um, he had permanent kidney damage from one test, so, but
Yeah. There.
I didn't know that.
Actually,
what are you saying?
yeah. He's, he's
crazy to these are some of the stuff, Yeah. I used to be really into um, all that,
like, watching herself especially like damn it. I used to be really big in the skateboard for a
long time. Yeah.
And then Philly, they have a really big skateboarding scene. You have like the, like a skate park right under the bridge. It's like actually connected to the bridge. Yeah.
Yeah. I actually never got it.
Long boards are really cool. I like them now to, especially like going downhill. Not real steep. I don't want to kill myself. But
that's
I knew a guy that he died while skateboarding is crazy. He was um, he was hooked on some drug and people kept telling him to keep doing. It was called, I think at the time it was called used to call it dex or something. He would drink like cough
syrup pretty much. I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah.
Call
And
you
have robot
us. And that's what because he teamed with everything that
after
the road
was something I didn't get it at the time. But yeah, he was found dead at the bottom of a handrail and he did an autopsy and he had the drug in the system.
Yes. I must have been like, um I guess. I don't know how that happened.
Shane. That's crazy. I heard that. I don't know if people still do stuff like that though. I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. Damn. It's just rain.
Right. Right. It's not like other stuff like um I don't even know.
That's interesting. Yeah,
I think I turned and stuff like that. Yeah. I'm just hoping that the weather, I don't know what the weather is like in Miami. I hope the weather gets better. I hate when it's all like rainy and humid shit.
Well
I'm just chilling out. But
Oh
and mm hmm. Mhm.
Yeah.
And no. Yeah. Two. Oh. Uh huh. Okay.
Yeah.
mom.
nice.
Yeah, I don't blame you. And I'm freaking bored as hell the night, like I said, it gets dark so early. I sort of he stressed you like around winter time, like I'm next month.
I use one with
um I used one of these.
Yes, he's an alarm effective disorder. Yeah. Yeah,
a lot of people have hurt. Yeah.
Especially a lot of people.
definitely. Yeah, especially up here, like in Jersey and the New England Area, it's like really bad. Like I think florida still gets like a, like, you know, it doesn't get dark, does it get dark? And I'm like four at all throughout the year?
You
know?
Oh wow. Yeah, I think of florida, you guys are a little bit lucky because uh here it gets darker even earlier because you know we're up north. Up north. But uh yeah I sort of miss florida I really liked it down there like um I don't know I
don't know if I can
handle
the real hot like summer though. Uh huh. Yeah.
And
Yeah. And you guys have alligators? Okay. All right. Yeah.
my
gosh
terrible. She,
that's what I heard. I heard you guys have really good winners but you don't get um yeah you don't get snow or anything that,
I mean that's sort of a good thing though that you don't get snow but I know some people don't like that. Some people like one snow. I don't know
That's
what
you're saying like they want.
you do all
like I know we have that up and I'm the Poconos. I don't know if it's yeah I don't think it's here around though.
Mhm. Do you snowboard at all or ski?
I don't know
all
them once.
Yeah I went on snow born once and um I don't know. Everybody kept telling me to go down this hill with them and I got like busting my ass and everything because I didn't know how to turn. I mean I had no instructions or not. It's a lot different than it was.
And I thought
about
the
end of the surfing quite a few times. I had people you know asked me to go surfing when I'm like
it seems
for
the only thing is um around here the water is really dark.
Yeah.
I don't know
everything about sharks to be honest with you have a very white.
that's
true.
But
surgery.
Yeah surfing looks like a lot of fun though
man. And plus it seems like less um you know you're less likely to get banged up compared to skateboarding and everything.
that would hurt pretty badly.
come along
and probably
not knowing
which
way
is
up or anything. Right. Oh.
man.
Yeah I think it um is it 25 minutes or you know?
Yeah I think
it's
25
29.
All
but
but
Now
mine's
is at 26 but I think yeah.
Well
it
talking to you man. I hope you have a great week and everything. Hi
are
you
too man?
Take
care