Hey, I got it to work.
I'm chilling. I'm chilling. Get him out
that survey money there.
Yeah. Crazy. I've never gotten one like this. No, it's just a little money
here
and there.
I started prolific like a few weeks ago. Wait my my my my speakers on the computer kind of weird. I'm gonna try to set up some headphones. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Well
they just changed the music. They acted like my computer doesn't have webcams using someone else's. Yeah.
Yeah. How long have you been doing it?
Yeah, I've only seen that. There was one that was like something about like a dog toy and it gave me like $7 for like couple minutes. That was probably the best
one
I've
done.
Let me get that. You get something like it's true. Okay. These have been making them like the hair, let's go. It's like a blue to this. But you smoke. We've
Oh well. What do you list?
when there's a big elections, a bunch more states like um when trump became president like however many years ago I live in florida, so that's in florida. Got medication and that.
that's cool.
You're
in Miami. Yeah, for my business. But
yeah, the only
problem
is the rain like
it was just
yeah, like two days ago we got so much rain that my whole neighborhood got flooded and ended up missing on my car. Mhm.
Uh Probably not just people down here too, like every time I get on the highway I just feel like I could lose my life at any moment like and I'm not even afraid of driving, it's just the people around here is terrible. Especially driving. Yes.
Big problem
afternoon.
it's a fairly, you know, wow, alright, if you live in Jersey got
Yeah, they just they actually just put them down here and I got a job at one of them. Did you quit?
Yeah, they're not that bad.
Do you have you had the thanksgiving 1? The Gobbler by
third
next
time you gotta go in within like the next probably month or so. Get a gobbler dude, it's like a thanksgiving sandwich. Yeah.
Pretty good
Wednesday.
Did you have to do like any other sir? Because I just, I realized it was seven like right now, so I didn't is there like another survey that we have to do? Oh afterwards
I think.
Yeah.
seven chats. Let me read it. I didn't really read it because they're just trying to get in as quick as possible.
Question No. $15 each one, Wow. Wait What? That's crazy. He's on his 7th 1. Look at the 7th Chat. So you just talk for 15 minutes then answer a few questions and 25 minutes, right?
That's my first time doing this one.
It's
I can see how this can be weird.
Look,
looks like I'm working from his computer doing work
like at work.
it's just trying to make as much money as they can.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. My friends told me about this probably like three weeks ago and I was just like, wow, crazy.
Use the testing. Uh This is the first survey one I've done. I remember when I was a kid, they establish it called lockers where you would like watch like videos and advertisements and you would get points and like supposedly traded him for like all this crazy stuff with boys scam because it reminded me of that shit.
Watch
some advertisements. Yeah.
Mhm.
A good idea.
So she hasn't been working for a while. She cuts her
if she does like the, she goes to people's house for like the home meetings. That's actually pretty good. Do you have if you could find enough customers because like a lot of people doing coronavirus, probably rather that
you've been what
I would cut your own. Oh, nice.
My girlfriend caught my hair. My girlfriend cut my hair.
It's
crazy.
Mhm.
It was pretty funny.
Hi ball in there. Yeah. Like I like looking at you.
That sucks.
True.
nicely.
Mm
man's got the t the prolific t going. Mhm. Making me once in two.
Yeah. I like how you get an extra hour of sleep but then it gets dark early and then ruins like the day because when it first happened it's like yeah extra hour of sleep.
And play games in a while like that.
Yeah. Then they were like, I remember when I would play games, I wouldn't buy anything new. Would be like the games that I had. Like in the past that I like still like like the newer titles are just like same thing with movies. I feel like. Yeah.
I don't
get it.
Not the sketchbook.
They made this movie. It wasn't made too long ago but they made it black and white like on purpose. Like with no like like a like a no talking film with the artist. Yeah. The artist. I like that movie. Uh
You know I still enjoy about it a while ago. Remember I told you about that? It's about a guy who stars in silent films when like talking movies are. Yeah. I mean the thing it's pretty cool. Pretty
pretty
fun
movie like the turn of the media century and like they could do like talking films talkies. Mhm.
I remember them talkies. Uh Yeah. Hmm.
Oh yeah. I just showed my girlfriend breaking bed that shows fucking amazing.
I've been watched. Yeah. My mom's friend told me about it when I was like pretty young. So I was like a like a fucking middle schooler watching that shit. Just like back when back when it was still like on tv like current. But yeah that's I love that show
I
tried
to watch.
I m c I tried to watch the spinoff but it's like pretty boring.
Better call Saul.
Yeah I wanted to I wanted to see more of mike. I didn't finish watching, I only watched the first season.
Yeah I didn't watch either which is I heard about it but I didn't hear anything good. It sounds like
come bother my friends. Mhm.
Um You've seen weeds it's not like as intense but it's like similar concept,
it's like a mom selling weed
like
Yeah it's
it's more of like comedy though, it's lighter than breaking bad because you know breaking beds like super intense like every scene like super crazy. This is more like light
like mixing humor and shit.
It's
so
good
show.
There's not
much
like no I don't think that's the show she has like two kids and like it ends up being like her kids like help herself the way too. I'm like it's pretty great, ends up turning pretty crazy by the end she gets involved with the cartel and shit.
Yeah like she's using like tunnels from Mexico and shit like well.
Oh no girls. Yeah so that one's about
Pablo escobar.
Yeah. Yeah so it's all like well obviously it's a tv show so they exaggerate shit but like it's like miles like things that actually happened that they portray in the show that are like realistic. I didn't finish watching it though.
It's crazy. Yeah. I actually know. Yeah this this guy this like he ended up moving to uh it was south Korea actually completely different but he moved over there it's like an english teacher and he would play um you play League of Legends and streaming and make like hell of money.
Yeah. Imagine teaching english that we cool.
translated over
here.
Peace. Yeah. Especially people have no idea what you're even saying.
Parents. That would be funny teaching a bunch of like asian kids english and their parents. What do you do?
Yeah. And I can't even say it to you in person either would be like the computer so you could just be like but
Back in the day I should have done like Bitcoin back in the day because I used to be super into that. Like I was like a young adult. Mhm.
And now it's now it's huge.
It's big. Yeah, I know I went I know it dipped like super low but it's not like 15K. Now again.
Yeah. Because it just it was just at 20,000 and then all of a sudden 6000. That's bad.
Yeah. Whoever was like actively trading and at that time probably lost a lot of money.
yeah.
Yeah, that's fucked up. You know, steve all right.
Like the stevia. I used to do that shit like before he was famous. He used to do like all like the worst ones, like on purpose that he would make the most money. So he said he would do it like when he was in college.
Me. Yeah,
interesting character.
Steve o is an interesting guy, like his past
surprisingly
Well
I'm
it's cool.
Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of um a lot of skaters skate parks and stuff in Miami too. I mostly just like ride like long boards, so I don't I'm not big into like trick skating,
just like enjoying.
Yeah. Well, I don't have steep hills over here but whatever I can get,
I'll take it.
True.
yeah. Yeah, I
know what you mean. That's like robo tripping.
Like that would think like the over the counter cough syrup
like the shit. You could just go in and
buy
like robitussin.
That's
fucked
up.
come on. Yeah. Yeah you cannot. Yeah. My friend used to do that. You cannot do anything related to skating when you like, you don't even want to walk. Probably.
You probably like, yeah. Okay terrible.
They do. It's like a poor man's drug. It's like like homeless people and stuff do anything
because they just they just walk and steal it and they're like what? Because it's not like locked up or anything
like that you have a prescription for, it's just like you walk in and buy it.
Oh
Yeah. It was terrible
here for the past few days.
True. Here I'll be right back. I gotta get something to drink. But actually how how far listening So what do you do you escape? Mhm.
Sure. Uh
Sure.
Yeah.
Mhm.
I don't know where every drinking a warm it is so much better clothes. I said this book because like I am on to consider I'm back. What's up?
Got a Nice
Cold one. Mhm.
Inside you know that's actually a big problem for a lot of people like getting dark earlier because when it's dark you I forget what it is but your dopamine is suppressed. Like when you're in the dark
it's
it's called like seasonal depression.
Yeah.
Pretty crazy.
Yeah. Like if bring people who move from like let's say florida or something up north where the seasons actually happened that that's like the most affected people.
It the sunsets here at like 5-13 right now throughout the year. Never but like right now. Yeah because it's like maximum darkness like that they just set the our back so it's like well actually it's going to start getting darker earlier and earlier and then they'll shoot the our
forward.
Yeah but today it got darker like 5530.
Yeah it's
Good
weather.
Oh yeah. Normally I hate being here in the summer this summer was like the first summer I've been here the whole summer knows hot as hell. Plus no a.
C. In the car. That's a problem. I would show up the places like congestion, sweat like show up to where it covered in sweat. Like let me wash off real quick.
Yeah. Yeah. One time I was on the way to work and I had to pull over and throw up because I was so hot. I was like having
heat
stroke.
Yeah smoke. Good thing. It's not summer anymore. It's like because in the winter it's actually pretty nice over here.
You don't get no nothing like that.
Yeah. I would want more more of like a mountain, there's no rather like snow everywhere.
You
know
like even in like the spring or summer or some mountains will stuff snow like be able to ski on it like in Vermont or something like way up my
experian melon stay frozen like close to you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It has to be like a super.
I mean I would if I had the chance I've only been like a few times
you
know because
I don't have any way to go. I would probably really enjoy it if I had the chance. I've never tried snowboarding. I've just tried skiing because I was like a kid last time I tried.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Your leg will break right off to on us if you things a little too tight or it's a little wrong, like stated wrong, she'll
break your
leg
in
No. Yeah,
it's pretty
fun.
Mhm
Dark
here.
Uh Mhm Well unless you bang yourself up in the water
and
start bleeding, they're probably not
going to
come. But over here like over here, it's pretty like you would think like, oh there's nice surfing. There's not any waves that you could possibly surf in Miami unless there's a hurricane going on the water is like pretty blue, but like the waves, I don't even like going to the beach because there's no waves. Like I like waves. Yeah.
No.
you're going Yeah definitely. Well yeah which is not on the street but also like if you ride a wave wrong bang your face on the board,
okay wipe out like wiping out is no fun. Like getting flipped through the wave
and just
like
rolling
in
the
sand.
that shit fucks like it's just like please live, please live.
Please live. Yeah.
Mhm. Oh yeah it is. The time has been going right.
It's on
the
other page. Our death.
Mine says
29 I think
because I had to restart the thing I think because um because the mic wasn't working
right now Here
is that
24?
we're both we
should both be
good. Right.
Yeah. You too man. Good luck
with
the
online
money
making.