I
look
sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna switch this around because like there's like a really bright light in the best.
I'm sorry.
that's fine. Uh
uh My name is Hannah and um yeah I'm from Kansas. Yeah.
Yeah.
there's a book about it.
Read.
hoping
that.
Sounds
and
um sort of but like I kind of got off easy in comparison to a lot of people, obviously not obviously to you because you don't know me, but.
There you go.
What kind of dog do you have?
Oh it's so
cute.
Hello?
Such
no.
I only have um one dog and I've only ever had one dog at a time and right now um we have a colleague. His name is banjo.
huh.
He's
up. Wasn't sure.
they're really good family dogs.
It's kind of muggy but that is fairly, I mean it's not too hot so it's just humid.
Not
really just Missouri honestly.
That's what
extension
Missouri
hey?
Oh.
Oh my God. Yeah.
I don't know. I mean that's not it's not allowed to be used but
like it's
just there.
I feel like that has like bad juju because like
Here
and their sibling was there too. I think it was their brother or something but it's just like horrifying. Imagine that happening.
100.
I heard that. Don't even have a real engineer and build it.
It was just some guy.
No,
definitely not. 100.
Actually I heard um So like the most deaths actually from like amusement riots happened at water parks because of things like that. Like
water slides are so unregulated and really dangerous actually, because you're just like, a lot of them are not even in, look at two, we're just like in the sky, just bouncing all around will drown in those and things like that. They get knocked down and then they drown. Yeah.
it
was terrifying. I, my friend made me go on it like I wanted to back out, but she made me going and I was just might die. I'm gonna kill you. So.
Help
us.
I've heard of it. I haven't seen it though.
but
Yeah.
That's
what,
what?
I'm
I almost drowned in a wave pool before.
I got knocked off. I was a little, I was like, I was a little girl. I was I think I was held or something, not walked off my two and like people kept bumping into because you know, like a and like people get bumping into me and I kept like hitting the wall and like not and like it kept dragging me under the water and I did survive that obviously, but it was like really close.
True.
But
and then there's all
those
people,
the ones that you probably almost died, but like, you didn't know it though, like almost hit you, but you didn't realize it.
What's
up?
Anyone?
I mean, I actually when I was three um I fell at a two story window. Yeah, and I smashed my skull, they had to like rebuild one for me
instead there.
So
I was like
when I was a kid I was kind of a brat, I mean all kids are but but I was I had this thing like dancing in the windows seal all the time and the window wasn't made properly like it was actually a big scandal
from that window company I guess. Um What anyways I was dancing up there and the window was like slight like it was open and it wasn't supposed to be but my mom had gone downstairs to get the phone and she was coming right back up to like come watch us but it was just me and my sister and my sister was like hand you're not supposed to be in the window and she grabbed my arm and I like like pulled back and then I fell out the window backwards. Yeah
the
doctor told her that I pretty much would because like my brain's turned like it turned I was dead, like it turned off I was not there. Um and my I mean my sister remembers it because she was seven when I know she was 10 actually when that happened um
Yeah, because she's seven years old on me, so she was and I had just turned three recently. Yeah,
I know, just they had like a like a dissolving things. So like it basically when my goal healed it like pushed out the and like it kind of went away. I
don't
know
because
I'm not like a doctor, but
this
is
the
just
his
customers
would,
I don't know, I wasn't in the hospital, like the hospital hospital for very long, but I was in rehab for a while. I know, I think I was in rehab for like a month and then I had like out care for a really
long
time.
I pretty much had to learn how to do most things properly again. Like I knew how to do them still. I just want to do them properly again. Um And
what?
No,
I'm an open book, I don't care, but I had to learn how to use my left hand instead of my right because I was born right handed. But when I felt the window, my right hand because it was my right side was paralyzed, so I can't really use my right side very well. So for a while I had to use like solely my left. And so I remember dexterous now because of the
no,
I don't have problems. Not like massive ones, but I definitely yeah, it's not like the exact same as it was not clear exactly how much I lost because I was already like pretty far ahead not to brag or something, but I
was a kid, so they are not entirely positive what all happened because I'm young, so it's not clear exactly what I would have had or not had. But yeah, I mean I've mostly lived a normal life I would think. I don't know the difference anyway, so
before.
Shit.
good
morning.
I
mean everyone always is like, oh my God, really? That happened to you and I'm just like, I mean I was three so normal for me, so I'm gonna eat it. You know?
I read
all,
I read a lot. I read a whole actually these are you can see my bookshelves rather than Anyways.
I'm into a lot of, mostly most everything except for like textbooks and like I don't really like nonfiction too terribly much. I will read nonfiction just has to be something that's super intriguing to me
right now. I'm reading a book called Blood. Er Thank
you.
It's like a fantasy, it's about this princess who has to get revenge because she got deposed or something and has this ability to control people's blood. So yeah.
Yeah, she just can, it's like telekinesis but with blood
right after
write it down.
This
well
just like what was the point of me like wasting hours of my life reading this? Yeah,
because we have a moral I don't know.
Have you seen um knives out for like
movies?
that one,
Oh I've heard of that. Yeah.
What is selective about horror honestly, because I like like psychological like atmospheric type of movies um like bird, but that's not really a core, that's more of a thriller.
But
I
like um like the awakening, I like the Conjuring, but I don't like like slashers and like body horror type.
that
would be
great
and abilities.
What
song?
Well,
what
I think part of the reason though is because I just don't like there's not it's like it's like just a human being, you know, it's not that it's not particularly it's not all that terrifying. I like more of like the unknown kind of natural, not stoppable kind of things.
Help
me.
my God, the thing that always gave me the heebie jeebies I guess is like that thing from saw like that thing on her mouth, but like now
like we don't,
I didn't amazon prime, so I have to look that one up too.
This isn't
Yeah.
40.
Like
oh, it's a dog.
Thank
you.
It's fair,
massive.
Yeah. Oh, why did you ask me that and you just, you wanna ruin it? Andy it. I don't know. I think that there's a world of possibilities out there that I have not thought about very deeply.
I
caught
dogs can be whatever they want to be. I don't think we should label them.
Yeah. You too.