mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Really? Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And
how's
it going?
From what? Yeah. Mhm. I was gonna try and put my headphones in two so you can hear me a little bit better, but it's amazing not wanting to work.
You hear me? All right,
usually I've done a couple of these before and uh as long as everybody is comfortable with it, I always just start out with your name and where you're from, if that's cool, don't have to get real specific even to say the state is fine.
My name's Andy, I'm from Missouri so not too far away is a Hannah with an H on the end to did you ever read that book? Hannah is a palindrome
in school? Did you ever read that book?
Yeah. Oh yeah, I remember reading it. I'm gonna be 40 this year. So maybe it's maybe they don't read it anymore, but I remember it was like a kid's book.
Um but everybody, like the teacher at one
point
has this student named Hannah and uh and and she writes on the board, Hannah is a palindrome and so everybody makes fun of her for being her name, being a palindrome uh including the one boy who really made a lot of fun of her was named Otto. Uh only then at the end of it you find out that Otto is also a palindrome. So, ha ha, joke's on you.
So,
have you been have you been affected by the coronavirus or what?
No, no, no, I know I'm in the same boat. Mhm. Now I'm an essential worker, so it's not really, nothing has changed for me that much. Um My my wife, she works for a college here in town and uh she's gone to working from home almost exclusively now. She it was all from home for up until like I think this past month and then he switched up to um
just going in one day a week. So I mean she but it actually worked out okay for us because she we just got a new puppy in March and so she's really enjoying that, being able to stay home with the dogs and just kinda roll out of bed and go to work. You know,
I have three, I have a I have a chihuahua and she's like this big, you may be able to see him England Oliver, that's why he's a he's a chihuahua and french bulldog mix
and
here's the newest one being,
she's an actual frenchy bean look, you
know what? Yeah, she's a she's a frenchie, so I've got 11 chihuahua, one frenchy and then uh and then the white one is actually a french bulldog chihuahua mix, which
is an odd thing, but I never thought I never thought I would, I would love small dogs as much as I do, you know? Uh And uh my wife had always had french bulldogs, you know when she before we met. And so she's kind of turned me on to him and I never thought I'd really like chihuahuas either to be honest. I mean you always hear like the bad stuff about the beating, you know I mean then there may be a little high strung but it's not it's not anything bad, you know?
Oh that's cool. Yeah
that's very cool. I
think
I think my wife actually did have a colleague at one point or maybe growing up she had a collie. I heard great, they're great dogs too.
Yeah, it's sort of heard. So what's the weather like over there right now, Is it? Not too bad? It seems like a certain cool off a little bit.
Mhm. Trying to think of what I what I know about Kansas. I've lived in Missouri my whole life, I'm in Springfield actually. Uh But uh I've been through Kansas a few times, but it seems like uh I guess mostly Kansas city is about all my experience with Kansas, you
know?
Right. Yeah, that's just
should have a little chunk. Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, we'll take that, we'll take that part of it.
Ah Man. Yeah, I got I mean, well, because we'll go to Kansas city and stuff like that and go up there and go to like Nebraska furniture, mart Nike and all that stuff, so of course it's crucial. Yeah. And
look at the uh, look at the uh, what's that, what's that slide called? The very act, that water slide where that kid got his head yanked off on it.
You know, I'm talking about that one. It's still that, why don't they tear that damn thing down?
No,
no.
Right. I mean, you know, or or at least, I mean, I guess you could maybe like take the slide part off, put like a cage around the top and then, you know, I don't know, I pay a buck to go up there just to look around and be kind of, you know, interesting to see that far away. You know, being there just like a lookout calendar.
Oh yeah. Oh God. Oh dude, man, whenever that happened, we were we were talking about that. I mean, of course a horrible thing. But like then to get wrapped up in the thought of like just the actual circumstance of it all
and you know, the parents were at the bottom and just like God.
Have you seen some of like the like the docks and stuff? Like there's, there's some on Youtube somewhere. They've got some like little, you know, the story behind whatever. And I mean it's horrifying like the guy who built it, he built it in Kansas specifically because they've got lax laws on um you know, uh you know, uh whatever you want to call it, amusement park rides or that kind of stuff. And uh like they have an interviewing where he's like, I don't care. This is going to be the tallest slide in the world. You know, I don't, I don't care about that. And like they were talking about how in the beginning, you know, the dummies were just flying out and flying off the end and get you know, getting caught in like they would because it kind of has that double slide thing and I want to hit that lump that hump it where
they would just go flying off off of the side of the thing and it got to the point where they were like, well we need to try it with people, we think we've got it, who, you know which one of you workers wants to try it out and they were like, no,
no, no, no,
no, yep. Just some dude just like, you know, it was me, it was like me doodling on a napkin like really big and then you know All right, great. Put your, put your life on the line for that.
No, no way
note.
and
Well or there, I know there's some of them that will just you know like the the flow like you're standing on this platform and the floor just drops, you know I mean like you're free fall, you're in free fall for
a while, you know?
Yeah, that's right I think, I mean you know, I mean I suppose there's worse places to haunt than a than a water park, you know, it could be,
it
could be kind of like a chill thing to be a ghost in a water park. But you know I mean better than like a crappy old house or like you know you know what happens if you know because we were actually talking about we we watched the the haunting of Bly Manor, you have netflix to watch that.
Uh It's just the new, it's like the haunting of Hill House was, it's kind of like the second, uh, it's not really related. It's kind of like an american horror story kind of a thing. They use the same act different roles and stuff. Uh but we were talking about, you know, and like of course like the ghosts are all in this humongous house and I said that's a lot more interesting than like, you know, I had a heart attack on a porta potty, you know, like that's most unfortunate like this ghost hanging out like, well here
I am, you know, and then it's not, you know, when it's not fair season, you're just in some back lot, somewhere sitting there, right? So try to die at a water park or someplace big, you know, like I thought I was going to die the last time we went to Silver Dollar City. I, I used to be able to ride roller coasters and stuff and it had been years and uh we went on one and and uh
I thought that I was going to be killed. I mean it was just horrified. I mean like I was just terrified and you know, I've never had an issue with heights have never
had an issue with
stuff like that. But whatever reason, this one, I think
I forget which one it was, but it seemed like all it had was a lap belt, like all it had was like the lap bar and, but it still won't lay down and stuff and and uh no, I said after that I was like, never, never again. I think I think I've hit my hit my limit so I'm going to close
them out.
for real. No.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I think whenever you start really like adding up all the different times, you know that like you could have died, it starts you know like you start thinking back and you're like boy,
you know if I don't uh I mean just just little stuff and I guess whenever you start looking back on it it starts to get you know crazy. But when it's just like man, I you know, I fell out of a tree when I was a kid
and you know like landed and didn't break any bones but you know twisted my ankle real bad. But you know stuff like I was like man if I had hit a branch spun and land on my head, you know
You
wouldn't
be making $17 right now on prolific so
Oh yeah, I would imagine to, I mean you know like what's that? There's some theory getting into real nerdy stuff like what's that theory about? Like you know every time a different choices made its reality, let's into
different
realities. And so I mean how many times I would imagine that's like every single day if you get in the car somewhere some version of yourself got hit by
a car, you know something like that.
Whoa.
Oh wild man. Did you, were you just playing by the window or how did you mean
you're
trying to be silly about it?
And
where you what what do you do you remember it very much? Do you, I mean that's
actually you know three,
jeez.
man. So were you in a coma for those are weeks are wow man. And then they had to they had to you had to have surgery to rebuild your skull, did you? You have a metal plate in there now or you just is a
like like that
there's
nothing
like
no yeah, no like like the like
the
dissolving
stitches kind of stuff like that kind of thing just kind of went away eventually. Okay, wow
man, that's that way, I can't imagine, I mean, you know, I've got
kids
and I can't
imagine the one of them falling out of a second story window and then you know, I mean man who man, that was lucky, Very lucky. Holy cow, how long were you in the hospital after that?
You
have
to did you have to learn to like walk again or anything like that? It was just you just you were good to go
I don't mean to pry I'm just you know
I don't mean to pry I
was
wow. And you're all as I mean no no lingering anything you can still
write with?
No.
Right. Well I
mean I guess you know I mean I suppose who knows really? I mean you know I guess I would say I'm probably different than I was when I was three
you know and I never fell out of a window so you know I guess that's probably different you know? But man
that's that's
wild. I wish I had something that interesting. I I don't think I do um let's see I think if I have anything that cool, I don't I don't know
if I have all that cool.
Right. Yeah man. Well what what hobbies do you have? Let's talk about hobbies,
We've
already talked about beheading kids and you know on waterslides and horrible horrible horrible head trauma. So you know maybe let's talk about something nicer.
Nice. What kind of what kind of books are you into?
Mhm. I got you. What what are you reading now?
that
what is that about?
to make them do stuff or just to
like raised their cholesterol. Uh
You should read if you haven't already. My very favorite uh book series is called Other Land by a writer named Ted Williams.
Super super awesome. Uh It kind of deals with um it's kind of like early sort of uh like cyberpunk kind of internet stuff, there's like this cab all of like the 12 richest people on earth and there, I mean this is the future. So it's they're super super rich of course. And uh the internet has changed such that like people will get little shunts in the back of their head and Jack in that way and you kind of are catatonic almost. Uh well they are devising a network that is like the most advanced high tech network ever with the idea that when once it's complete, they'll upload their brains to this network and then there'll be a mortal functionally functionally. And uh so but it's also just like there's all these different people. So like these books will have its like every chapter we'll go from like these like I think it's like six different groups of people. It's like this Woman in South Africa and then this, you know kid in New Jersey and then this dude in Russia and
you know, all these in each, each chapter kind of goes along with them until eventually they meet. And I think like a second or third book. But uh, it's a really, really fantastic story and you know, one of those stories too, because I I uh it's not like I really like need it, but I'm a sucker for a happy ending. This one's really got a very, you know, it's kind of satisfying ending that that's great because I've read books before where I've been like so engrossed in it. And I'm reading, I'm like, oh man, and then it just goes and ends and you're like, this is horrible.
Like it's so like, you know, whenever that happens, I'm like, and I try I try and look at it like, uh you know, I try and look at it like, okay this this book was just you know uh some chuck palahniuk books are like that that I've read to. The guy wrote Fight Club, some of his other books are fantastic. Uh but it's just like a section of a person's life, so you just get the beginning here and it kind of tells you what happens and then some adventures and then it stops, you know, and you don't know what happens after that, there's no like happily ever after which I'm willing to accept that, but then some other ones are just like it doesn't even really tell you anything that happened, you know, and those are those are just really really unsatisfying.
exactly, exactly my point, yep.
Right, yeah yeah yeah yeah, since I'm trying to think, I've got some I love I love watching movies and tv shows of course. Um but uh uh
I
did yes I did, yep
it wasn't really good. Yeah it was really good. Yeah it was it was a good one. I also if you're into hard and horror at all horror movie uh there is a all streaming platform called shutter,
it's really killer. I mean if you like horror movies I'd go for it. It's got because like I love just all I mean I love all movies but horror and you know and even like because they'll have a lot of really really good stuff um uh You know just from like the classic slashers and thrillers and sixties kind of horror movies but and like they have some real schlocky stuff to some real b movie see movie kind of stuff but uh they've got some really I mean like they had all the friday the 13th movies that and they've got some really cool like originals that you know, you'll see on there and uh yeah, they're really really neat. Okay
Whatever,
No, Hay to
it. Uh
nessie Yeah, well I can agree with you there, I can, I can see that because like I I
mean
I love
I love all of those old like body
horror Kronenberg here's a mutant made out of eight people mushed together kind of stuff. But like the ones that I don't, the ones that I don't truck with is the uh like the torture porn kind of like all like
human
centipede saw,
the first one was kind of okay, but like I don't I think there's enough, I mean like I I like slashers too and just like the, you know, the relentless killer stalking and you
know, he's hacking people up or you know, hacking up camp counselors or you know whatever like that. But
sure. Yeah. Yeah, no I get it now I get and that's I mean but some of those body horror flicks are like that where it's like we've opened a door to another dimension and here's this tentacle coming in and you know like who's what's this chemical from? Who knows. Yeah, but but a lot of those ones, I mean the way I figure is like I mean there's
enough
yucky stuff on the news, there's enough yucky stuff in day to day life or you just see it everywhere. Like I don't need to see somebody you know get a drill bit through their eye or some you know some horrible, you know what I'm saying? Like this horrible like it's just like I don't need a
Yeah gangster head open.
Yeah, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do that. But yeah, there's, I mean they have a lot of really, you know, really great ones. I just watched if you have amazon prime to, I just watched one called Black Box, which is really, really good.
yeah, yeah. Black Box, it's it was really, really good, surprisingly good um
kind of a psychological kind of thing. You know, this dude has amnesia after a car wreck and he's going to this woman um who this doctor who was who was the wife on the Cosby show. Uh she uh
but she is um she's like working with him and implanting him, like helping
him work with these memories with this weird being that she's contracted and and uh but during his memories, like there's like some sort of weird little ghostie guys in there and it ends up really, really cool. It was really good. And besides that, I also do cross stitching, which is fun. Yeah, you wouldn't think it you wouldn't think everybody, everybody's always like you do you really?
I mean, I mean I'm a bigger guy, I'm like 65 and uh and a lot of people are like oh you do cross stitch and it actually is really fun. Uh My crowning achievement is I made this for my wife for christmas. I don't know if you can see it.
Yeah, that was our frenchy that died actually
molly, But
it's like, it's like 10 or I think it's 8000 stitches. Which technically after you do 8000 stitches, it's, you know, 16,000 because each one's an ex. But
that one,
yeah. Oh yeah, thank you. Uh Well and I think I had a timer said, I think that's the end of our of our conversational limit, but I always ask this question to at the end, Hannah, do you think a hot dog a sandwich?
Uh huh. I will tell you, I think it's a sandwich, but maybe I'm maybe I'm just too liberal with my with my
sandwich,
you know,
I think that's a great thing. I think maybe until we have the technology to ask them, maybe maybe we should just just let it be they are a hot dog and call it a day. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Well, it was really good talking to you and keep yourself safe out there.
All right, take it easy.