SPEAKER_L: Okay, mm hmm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear it?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you. Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just going, well, thank you. My name is paul.
SPEAKER_R: I'm nick. Hey
SPEAKER_L: Hey Nick, nice to meet you. Is this your first time doing one of these?
SPEAKER_R: I've done I've lost track now because I've done like maybe like five but I've done like seems like four like the last like 56 days.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's, that's kind of my experience to, I've done a bunch in the last few days and uh, the first time I tried to do it, the person like came on and then they left after like two minutes. So that was kind of a bummer because I didn't get paid for that. But yeah, but otherwise it's been pretty good. How have your experience has been?
SPEAKER_R: Um They've all been pretty good. I'm trying to think like uh I guess that maybe he's been one time and someone didn't show up but majority of time people show up And what I noticed for myself was that um I guess like I think this is like number of my 4th one very like the last five days and a couple of days ago I did like my second one and then you know like at the end of the survey says you can you know you can put in your availability. I put in my putting my availability and then they gave me Sunday at 9:00 at night and I'm driving home from work and I kind of like I didn't I didn't remember about it so I'm driving home taking my time. I stopped at wa wa got a pretzel casually came home um I put the computer on and then and then it hit me, oh and then but I wasn't late, I was like oh shit, but but I wish I would have been more focused on and then I signed on and I was ready to go and it was cool.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: what he is. So if you stopped at a wah wah, I'm guessing you're somewhere on the East coast
SPEAKER_R: you know it's funny. I now I I'm repeating myself and other other conversations but I've talked, I told the story a couple of times in the past two conversations. Yeah. So yeah I'm in these clothes, I'm in florida but I've always considered while I'm more like philadelphia.
SPEAKER_L: Philly. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's funny. I didn't realize they were all the way down in florida. Yeah, I'm on the, I'm in California and I know about wawa because when I was in college, these dudes from philadelphia became friends with us and like they were talking about wa wa and like this it's the most amazing thing and I never would have no idea what it was. And so it was it sort of became like a running joke like this dream of one day we'll go to WA wa and and experienced it.
SPEAKER_R: because I remember when I was younger, I lived in New Jersey for a while and for most of my life and then we would go down the shore and then that's where the only time we see chihuahuas and it was like really cool and get some food for while you're down the shore for the week or so.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. So how are you guys hanging in with covid and everything?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know. I'm not a covid nonbeliever, but like everything is like is good, no major issues, no one in my family has gotten it. Um I work I was furlough for four months. I worked at zero and I got lucky to get called back. So like I had a lot of international experience for a lot of international travelers and didn't nothing happen to get sick.
SPEAKER_L: That's great.
SPEAKER_R: And then my wife works at walmart all this time and she's never gotten it. And and I think she knows about maybe two people in the store who got it got sick a little bit got better and that's the that's the end of it.
SPEAKER_L: But working at Seaworld, that's really freaking cool. What do you, what do you do at Seaworld?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a supervisor and a culinary.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: So just
SPEAKER_L: all,
SPEAKER_R: like running
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: restaurants. Yeah, I like it. What, what was cool? But for me was coming from Jersey to florida. I always worked as a burger king manager. So it's kind of like a similar like job as far as being in coloring. See roller burger king. Well, like I figured when they moved to florida, I didn't want to be like in 100 degree heat maybe in a drive thru burger king. So I said, let me try to theme parks and then it turns out to see what was pretty good. And it's been, I've been there for 14 years, so it's called java.
SPEAKER_L: that's amazing. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: are good. And the vacation time was really nice to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've never actually been to Sea World. I've always been curious to check it out though. I think we've got one in san Diego, so I don't know if they close that, but I think
SPEAKER_R: maybe.
SPEAKER_L: we do in California. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So uh, go
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: ahead.
SPEAKER_L: No. Sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Usually. Like what I always my first have these conversations. What I'm interested in finding out from the other person is I know they're on prolific so I know like they are into doing like surveys, make a couple bucks here and there. So I always want to know like do they know of any other good survey sites they they like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the uh user zoom. Uh they they're a pretty good one. Um They do, I probably get like, I don't know, five or six from them a week and they do like $8 for 15 minutes typically. And it's basically like looking at prototypes, like websites and stuff, you know, and then like little tasks or whatever. That's a really good one actually. Um The ones that I used to do a lot that I'm not that big on anymore is amazon turk and that's like all those little tiny jobs and stuff and you can get anything from like a penny up to like a few dollars just depending on what it is. And I did it for a while, but it's really, really hard to get the good paying ones, like people like just swarm on there and so stuff really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: Because I'm big on, I've been on mturk for two years so I know a lot about it. And what you just said is what what everyone's experience maybe when they kind of run the gamut with it where they made some money in the beginning and it kind of taps out. So I'm still in the face of it that it's like still decent for me and and it's better than prolific. Well, I like for fram Turks so far. I've been on it for I guess coming up in March 2021 B2 years. Yes I've done in a while and I made 3800 bucks the first nine months. It wasn't a full year
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: are? Er
SPEAKER_R: this current year I met like 3000
SPEAKER_L: That's not
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's cool and it's like what I like is that it's like nice little extra money and I'm working full time so not like you know, I'm not like up three in the morning to doing it but I definitely my days off I'll give some time to it and I'll try to make some money And something. And I find that like those batch works where you can kind of do 20 or 25 for them like audio files and they're paying pretty decently.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah man like there was a time I've actually been out for a few years and there was a time during the kind of the mid-term elections where some guy was putting out like thousands of these hits, there were like a buck 25 apiece and each one took like two minutes to do and you could just keep them and oh my God I mean it was the biggest probably windfall I made off a single requester on every I was just I was like doing it like 10 hours a day. I was just going going going going
SPEAKER_R: Sure. I wouldn't stop either. Yeah because it's a nice pay rate and it's also the 23 minutes to get it done.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it just feels like finding money on the ground so it's hard to ignore that. Um What about have you heard of user testing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm signed up for it. I don't seem like I've been able to get anything yet, but
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: sometimes I haven't put enough effort into it
SPEAKER_L: yeah that one has honestly been the single biggest thing that I've used and it's been really really really good for me. Um
SPEAKER_R: and user testing is called
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, user testing and that's just all like they have stuff for your phone, they have stuff for websites on your computer and they pay $10 for 15 minutes and like I have really good weeks with them. I mean
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I've had I've made hundreds of dollars. So
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's cool. So that's kind of like, like when you're on a website, you just like being recorded and you're saying and you're just explaining how your how it's going for you navigate
SPEAKER_L: examples
SPEAKER_R: through the site.
SPEAKER_L: don't have like, you know, it just depends on the tester or the person that asked for the test, but they'll have like, it could be like, oh find this pair of shoes, you know, talk about what you like about the shoes, but you don't like just really basic stuff. And the other thing that they'll do are called live conversations. So they actually talk to another human being and for that they'll pay $30 for a half hour and $60 for an hour. So
SPEAKER_R: Well, okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's a pretty good way to knock out some good chunks. So yeah, that's the other one that I've used other than that. It's really just been those guys enter user testing prolific and user zoom.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, It's true. Like with them Turks, like sometimes there's a few months ago where I wasn't doing so much of it, but like I would still always, once a while to sign on and look for me to try to get my 3, 456 bucks. And that's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: the same way where I'd be like, Oh I just want to get like $2 a day from it, you know, just like that.
SPEAKER_R: You do that, 30 day math. So like if you four bucks, it's $120 a month. It cost me no time at all to do it. And and maybe it pays the water bill or it pays
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: gas for the car.
SPEAKER_L: think of it too. I was like oh it pays this bill and it's that a lot of time and I'm at home anyways and it doesn't feel like actual work so you can be watching tv or whatever while you're doing it. And it's yeah, that's funny. We kind of have the exact same approach when it comes when it comes to these things.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Like there's a learning curve like at first you just kind of like it's hard to make money at first. It's confusing and like learned pretty quickly though.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah. So I don't know, I think and my last couple of conversations um they're they're they're all they're good but sometimes it just seems like there's like that middle point where it's like Looking at the clock right now, it's at nine minutes, 40 seconds.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I put a time.
SPEAKER_R: me too. And also the survey kind of like sometimes I've been saying this on the conversation is just kind of bitch at the people, the hosting share is kind of long at the end of this,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely a long survey like you after you spend 25 minutes doing this and then another 20 minutes on that guy. And like the hard part for me is when they asked like what do you remember what you talked about during the convert? Like getting in the middle? It's like uh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. Well here's a like a little fun thing. So yeah, yesterday at 11 a.m. conversation and so what's the next Wednesday? Yes, so yesterday and uh so you never know what life is going to happen to, like I was off in a sense, I was gonna be able to do it, And then then my wife said we're gonna go visit her mom, and then so me and my wife and my kids would go, it's not that far, but maybe like a 40 minute, 45 minute drive and the whole time I'm trying to tie me up, well, I don't want to be able to miss my conversation, so and as it worked out, we got to my destination like uh maybe at 10 30 in the morning, and I had a half an hour before it started and this and that,
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: responsible. Yeah. Like it's it's a bummer when the other person doesn't show up.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, without without question. Yeah, I guess you got like a buck 50 for waiting five minutes, but yeah, but it's like you're losing out on kind of 15 ISH, whatever it's going to breathe.
SPEAKER_L: I think about is I made this but I lost out on you know the other $13 or whatever it turns out like um And like besides from that like I complained to them actually the first time somebody did that because I was like you know I booked out an entire like half hour for this and like you can pay me for the time that I booked out. The fact the other person didn't show up. They were just not having it at all. They're like, no, sorry, again, if you want, it's like, all right, But here I am. So, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: guess
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: to insulted.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no, it's it's I know, it just also want to say I'm what? I'm working a serial tomorrow today, I'm off and earlier in the day while I was trying to make a couple of dollars. Like I knew that I didn't want to bank that this is going to happen. I'm gonna I'm gonna get my 15 ISH or 16 where it's gonna be just in case. So I made up to like 13 would do a little mturk and a couple
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's pretty
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: popped up. Well, there was like, there was just like, there's this dollar, one of them took that. It's not good. I've been I've been doing it, you can do 30 of them and it's been out for a few days. So because it's not good, I can't commit myself just to do it like over like six hours to get 30 bucks because it doesn't pay right? But what I do do is like I'll do like six or seven today. I did like six or seven yesterday
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: and I figured I gotta feeling like since it's kind of sucky, most people are not really doing it and that's why it's every time I look on it, it's still there. So so I got like six more to get my 30 hits on it and they moved it to a dollar because they got the sense like it's not, it's kind of unfair to keep raising the price, but sometimes they keep raising the price and they're just like giving too many hurdles. It's an audio file
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: thing and Yeah, so it's like every 30 minutes and I think every hour it goes into like a little bit longer one of them. So that, that's the one where it's kind of painful because it takes like 18 minutes for a dollar and it's kind of like, so it's not, Should be, I guess uh 10 cents a minute is kind of like what it's supposed to be. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that sounds right. And like,
SPEAKER_R: that's not
SPEAKER_L: it's frustrating. Like the thing that always just bugged me about it was getting those rejections and like, you can tell like you didn't do anything wrong. Like there's people out, They're just jamming at 100%. And like, you contact them, they don't write back and that the way it's set up, like you have no power over anything. Like they have all the power Amazon does not care. Like I've emailed them like
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: they're so dismissive and
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: almost act like they don't, they don't know it exists to their like what,
SPEAKER_L: it's funny.
SPEAKER_R: what is it, what is it? It was again? Never mind. I got I get I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it's almost like this thing that's like a big secret for them and they don't want people to know that there's this marketplace where like they are taking advantage of people and they are part of like this system that is taking advantage of people because they are providing the platform to enable this to happen and they act like though that they have no control over anything that goes on in it and sorry and it's between you and the other person and it's like, well, you know, the other person doesn't reply or they don't actually say, hey, I gave you a rejection because so I just waited a half hour or 45 minutes or whatever the time is, I got nothing and my rating went down because they gave me a rejection. So I don't know, it's a pretty messed up system I think.
SPEAKER_R: I'm hanging in there because my, my reading is um I'm not looking for 99.9, this is so many people on YouTube. What? There's to me there's no difference between 99.01 or 99.99.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think there is
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: either
SPEAKER_R: all the same thing because they can never say we want someone who's got 100% rating.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: So, so I'm I'm at 99.199 10, which is above 99.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: And it's good enough because like most of the hits are ready to pay any money. They're only looking for like maybe above 95 anyway. So I'm fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I've had like there was one requester that like I did a 25 things for early on and this person just rejected all of them for no reason. And so like right off the bat I had my rating was just terrible and it took forever
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: to raise it up
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: so front.
SPEAKER_R: of the the bats. Yeah. And tricky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I I just learned to be really cautious and I try to just like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: only take ones where it's like a university or just something that you will. Uh and like I downloaded programs like show me like how people are rated and all. I, you know, I have all this stuff now. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I kind of wonder about that, but I don't have it like some to find catch hits or something like that too.
SPEAKER_L: it's like it basically makes it so you don't have to use amazon's own platform. Like you just have this tab open on your browser and it like organizes and categorizes things by color so you know who's good, who's bad and who's like in between and yeah, it's, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: otherwise, like it just feels so random like when I'm on the actual amazon platform, looking at the long list of things and just like makes my head hurt. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the way my goal to make money on there, the way I've made my stay like three grand in a year is like if I see something for a quarter into survey, I'll do it. If it's, if it's going to take like 38 minutes, I'll just return it. But generally generally speaking those 50 cents and 40 cents there pretty quick, you can roll through it in three minutes and then like if you make a $20 day in mturk sometimes like eight or $9 or from stuff there under a dollar and it just, it just adds up and it's quick and usually can watch Tv with it.
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: This thing, this thing I've been doing with the dollar is an audio file, so it's a little bit of line because I can't, I can't ignore it, I can't just watch netflix or something. I got to listen to this stupid, you know, audio qualities and this and that and I keep getting emails saying they liked my stuff like that. It kind of gets in my head. Oh wow. So I just started, so I tried a little harder. It's funny.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's going to be, it's good to be in demand. So um have you guys uh you you're married, you have any kids or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Two kids married um live in florida From from the we will from Jersey in 2007. So we've been here 13 years.
SPEAKER_L: How are you liking florida compared to Jersey?
SPEAKER_R: Well, at this point I early on for a long time, I've always like Jersey better and at this point it's like, I guess florida's fun. You know, we have a lot of family here and you know, I saw some news highlight about the second snowstorm back back in the area, so I'm
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: like, well then I'm not dealing with that, so it's not bad,
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: call. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've also married, got two kids, we live kind of in the central part of California. The biggest thing we've been dealing with is just wildfires, like really brutal cars. Um not necessarily in our area directly, but you know, 150 miles away, but the smoke blows over really. And it's been a really it was a really weird kind of end of the summer and then this first part of falls had just fire after fire after fire. So it just seems like it's been nonstop this year between covid and like with all the election stuff and like all the anger on that and then these fires it just I don't know man, it feels like everything is is getting crazier and crazier.
SPEAKER_R: It's true. But sometimes the thing I rationalize what covid is, there's a couple of doctors there on Youtube and I think they got taken off, they had like a video, I think they're from California and they were kind of saying like they were kind of questioning what's the problem here because like they were trying trying to do factoring all the people who have Covid didn't really have covid their home. They've gotten better. And they're saying like these people are not being put into the death equation. So like when you're doing the people have gotten it and died and the exchanges like 6%. But if you factor in all the people who didn't get tested because it was just like a mild thing to them and they got, they got over it, then it's kind of like very comparable to the flu.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the numbers would go way down, like I I definitely think it's crazy politicized and it's really hard to know what to believe and I completely also believe that it's been overstated. Uh and it's just it's really weird but like man, you try going out and like not wearing a mask or something, you get really
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: dirty
SPEAKER_R: get looks to get looks
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: and the thing is like before, it's a mandate here now, but I didn't, when it wasn't a mandate, I wouldn't wear the mask, I wasn't concerned and it didn't wear gloves
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and I would just go on my, I wouldn't go out too much. I figured where I'll stay home. But when I had to go out and no masks, no gloves and I definitely do the six ft thing. I kind of avoid people anyway, maybe here and there. So I just didn't the six ft thing and I wasn't concerned. And then once they made it a rule or no problem, it's a rule I'll put it on. No problem.
SPEAKER_L: So it's that's and and and that just seems reasonable like, I mean I was sort of in the same boat as you as far as that, like once it became mandated like, okay, never work loves um just tried to be mindful and careful not like jam my fingers and my eyeballs after being out, you know, like sort of basic things. But yeah, it's been rough for the theme parks like out here for Disneyland, like they don't know when they're gonna reopen um for that and that's been like a huge, like a lot of fighting between
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. I know it because in over here everything is open it open a little bit slowly. They waited a good while. They waited a good while. I mean like they closed March 15th and they, they basically kind of reopened june 1st. And so I mean that's like a 2.5 months they waited. And also, even even when they opened June one, it was nothing. It was a reservation only. Like no one was in these parks and this Disney didn't open yet. They went to July
SPEAKER_L: they waited a long time. Is has there been pretty good demand from like the public, are you guys getting like, just
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like you?
SPEAKER_R: kind of like we're not busy but like the thing is it's like um just busy on Saturdays, that's it. 11 Day A Week.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, it just crushed through during like the worst possible time and like during the summertime and everything, like, it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: just all
SPEAKER_R: well I never experienced this like in my mind, I was like when we left March 15 everyone's doing like the math of what the seasons were thinking like I guess we'll be back for spring break for sure. And then we then we weren't and you know, I enjoyed the unemployment money was nice
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: couple bucks and they got all that money and then also got lucky to get called back to because like there's a good percentage of people that I know it didn't didn't get called back.
SPEAKER_L: that's terrible. Yeah. I yeah the impact has just been unbelievable. Um For a lot of folks, especially from that job front. Yeah I've had a lot of friends that have been furloughed or laid off all together and it's just it's been darling, it's been really darling
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. You have, how long you been California?
SPEAKER_L: my entire life. So.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever experienced an earthquake? That's, that's something just popped in my head,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, all the time. Not all the time, but
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: generally.
SPEAKER_R: like trump tremors. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: small ones, the biggest one that happened when in my life was when I was a kid and it was the Northridge earthquake and it was like a six point something and that was one that like caused buildings to some buildings to fall um in our own. You know I remember my parents house, it made some plates fall off of a cabinet thing, just stuff like that, but for the most part it's generally pretty quick. You notice it, it's a little by the time you start to get freaked out, it's over normally saying so um, yeah, they don't happen that that often, but they definitely happen and they are weird. I mean it makes you feel like, wow, I'm not in control of anything. I would say. I'm way more scared of the wildfires than I am of the earthquakes. Like that's way crazier problem here and it gets worse every single year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was too bad. And, and that's pretty much like from people's errors, like throwing a cigarette on the ground
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: usually.
SPEAKER_L: varies like this past year. There was, there was one that got started because people, you know how people do these like announcements now where they do like a gender reveal when they're having a baby. Like they'll, um, they'll do some crazy things. These people had made some sort of like custom firework that was going to shoot out like or something and they did it in the middle of like the forest and it, it lit everything up. So it's definitely a lot of that. Some of it has just, we were having dry lightning which is really weird for the state. Um some of that and that was also causing wildfires. But yeah, I think it's probably most of the time something that a human has done,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And I guess it also seems like you think near 2020 they can come up with some kind of way that they can fight the fire,
SPEAKER_L: that's what I
SPEAKER_R: but,
SPEAKER_L: was, somebody,
SPEAKER_R: but they seemed like they can't.
SPEAKER_L: I was saying the same thing. I'm like how can we have unmanned drones that can go and drop like arsenal, like, like bombs like a billion miles away, but we don't have something like that that, you know, because part of the problem when the smoke gets too thick is that the choppers and things that drop the water runs in the fire retardant can't see where they need to drop. Like that made no sense to me in terms of like they can't develop radar systems or something that the
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: still drop that I guess it's just not as much of a priority as, you know, developing military technology for whatever reason, but it's getting really bad. I mean there's a lot, there's a lot of um forest out here. The fact is, and a lot of old trees, a lot of dry wood. The rain has been really inconsistent here. And so it's a lot of factors that make it just prime for really bad fire seasons. And I don't know what the solution would be aside from having more proactive cleanup controlled burns, uh executing people that do stupid stuff like drops. It's like I don't it's just
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: it's a crazy problem.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I watched some Youtube video like there was someone putting like a million sparklers in the watermelon. And then my first reaction was to look at the Youtube comments and like immediately was like talking about the fires in your area and how this is stupid because they had the watermelon like it was it was it was on the dead end of the road, but it was all surrounded by grass in every direction. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That that sounds about right. Like in terms of like the level of stupidity that leaves a lot of these things starting. Well that's all that being said. I'm kind of, I'm kind of
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: see the video. Yeah. So I guess we hit our time. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we get paid all right, take
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: care.