Okay, mm hmm. Yeah,
I can hear you. Hey, how's it going?
I'm just going, well, thank you. My name is paul.
Hey Nick, nice to meet you. Is this your first time doing one of these?
Yeah, that's, that's kind of my experience to, I've done a bunch in the last few days and uh, the first time I tried to do it, the person like came on and then they left after like two minutes. So that was kind of a bummer because I didn't get paid for that. But yeah, but otherwise it's been pretty good. How have your experience has been?
that's
what he is. So if you stopped at a wah wah, I'm guessing you're somewhere on the East coast
Philly. Yeah.
Yeah. That's funny. I didn't realize they were all the way down in florida. Yeah, I'm on the, I'm in California and I know about wawa because when I was in college, these dudes from philadelphia became friends with us and like they were talking about wa wa and like this it's the most amazing thing and I never would have no idea what it was. And so it was it sort of became like a running joke like this dream of one day we'll go to WA wa and and experienced it.
That's awesome. So how are you guys hanging in with covid and everything?
That's great.
But working at Seaworld, that's really freaking cool. What do you, what do you do at Seaworld?
That's
all,
man.
that's amazing. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. I've never actually been to Sea World. I've always been curious to check it out though. I think we've got one in san Diego, so I don't know if they close that, but I think
we do in California. Yeah.
Mhm.
No. Sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, the uh user zoom. Uh they they're a pretty good one. Um They do, I probably get like, I don't know, five or six from them a week and they do like $8 for 15 minutes typically. And it's basically like looking at prototypes, like websites and stuff, you know, and then like little tasks or whatever. That's a really good one actually. Um The ones that I used to do a lot that I'm not that big on anymore is amazon turk and that's like all those little tiny jobs and stuff and you can get anything from like a penny up to like a few dollars just depending on what it is. And I did it for a while, but it's really, really hard to get the good paying ones, like people like just swarm on there and so stuff really
great.
Who
are? Er
That's not
about
Yeah man like there was a time I've actually been out for a few years and there was a time during the kind of the mid-term elections where some guy was putting out like thousands of these hits, there were like a buck 25 apiece and each one took like two minutes to do and you could just keep them and oh my God I mean it was the biggest probably windfall I made off a single requester on every I was just I was like doing it like 10 hours a day. I was just going going going going
it's yeah
it just feels like finding money on the ground so it's hard to ignore that. Um What about have you heard of user testing
and
yeah that one has honestly been the single biggest thing that I've used and it's been really really really good for me. Um
Yeah, user testing and that's just all like they have stuff for your phone, they have stuff for websites on your computer and they pay $10 for 15 minutes and like I have really good weeks with them. I mean
I've had I've made hundreds of dollars. So
examples
don't have like, you know, it just depends on the tester or the person that asked for the test, but they'll have like, it could be like, oh find this pair of shoes, you know, talk about what you like about the shoes, but you don't like just really basic stuff. And the other thing that they'll do are called live conversations. So they actually talk to another human being and for that they'll pay $30 for a half hour and $60 for an hour. So
it's a pretty good way to knock out some good chunks. So yeah, that's the other one that I've used other than that. It's really just been those guys enter user testing prolific and user zoom.
Yeah, I have
the same way where I'd be like, Oh I just want to get like $2 a day from it, you know, just like that.
I
think of it too. I was like oh it pays this bill and it's that a lot of time and I'm at home anyways and it doesn't feel like actual work so you can be watching tv or whatever while you're doing it. And it's yeah, that's funny. We kind of have the exact same approach when it comes when it comes to these things.
Like there's a learning curve like at first you just kind of like it's hard to make money at first. It's confusing and like learned pretty quickly though.
Yeah. I put a time.
It
it's definitely a long survey like you after you spend 25 minutes doing this and then another 20 minutes on that guy. And like the hard part for me is when they asked like what do you remember what you talked about during the convert? Like getting in the middle? It's like uh.
You're
responsible. Yeah. Like it's it's a bummer when the other person doesn't show up.
I think about is I made this but I lost out on you know the other $13 or whatever it turns out like um And like besides from that like I complained to them actually the first time somebody did that because I was like you know I booked out an entire like half hour for this and like you can pay me for the time that I booked out. The fact the other person didn't show up. They were just not having it at all. They're like, no, sorry, again, if you want, it's like, all right, But here I am. So, I
guess
to insulted.
Well, that's pretty
good.
You know?
What?
that sounds right. And like,
it's frustrating. Like the thing that always just bugged me about it was getting those rejections and like, you can tell like you didn't do anything wrong. Like there's people out, They're just jamming at 100%. And like, you contact them, they don't write back and that the way it's set up, like you have no power over anything. Like they have all the power Amazon does not care. Like I've emailed them like
they're so dismissive and
it
it's funny.
It is, it's almost like this thing that's like a big secret for them and they don't want people to know that there's this marketplace where like they are taking advantage of people and they are part of like this system that is taking advantage of people because they are providing the platform to enable this to happen and they act like though that they have no control over anything that goes on in it and sorry and it's between you and the other person and it's like, well, you know, the other person doesn't reply or they don't actually say, hey, I gave you a rejection because so I just waited a half hour or 45 minutes or whatever the time is, I got nothing and my rating went down because they gave me a rejection. So I don't know, it's a pretty messed up system I think.
I don't think there is
either
now.
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah. No, I've had like there was one requester that like I did a 25 things for early on and this person just rejected all of them for no reason. And so like right off the bat I had my rating was just terrible and it took forever
to raise it up
so front.
Yeah. So I I just learned to be really cautious and I try to just like
only take ones where it's like a university or just something that you will. Uh and like I downloaded programs like show me like how people are rated and all. I, you know, I have all this stuff now. Um
it's like it basically makes it so you don't have to use amazon's own platform. Like you just have this tab open on your browser and it like organizes and categorizes things by color so you know who's good, who's bad and who's like in between and yeah, it's, I don't know
otherwise, like it just feels so random like when I'm on the actual amazon platform, looking at the long list of things and just like makes my head hurt. Yeah.
totally.
no, it's going to be, it's good to be in demand. So um have you guys uh you you're married, you have any kids or
How are you liking florida compared to Jersey?
Well
let's
call. Um
Yeah, I've also married, got two kids, we live kind of in the central part of California. The biggest thing we've been dealing with is just wildfires, like really brutal cars. Um not necessarily in our area directly, but you know, 150 miles away, but the smoke blows over really. And it's been a really it was a really weird kind of end of the summer and then this first part of falls had just fire after fire after fire. So it just seems like it's been nonstop this year between covid and like with all the election stuff and like all the anger on that and then these fires it just I don't know man, it feels like everything is is getting crazier and crazier.
Yeah, the numbers would go way down, like I I definitely think it's crazy politicized and it's really hard to know what to believe and I completely also believe that it's been overstated. Uh and it's just it's really weird but like man, you try going out and like not wearing a mask or something, you get really
dirty
it.
No.
So it's that's and and and that just seems reasonable like, I mean I was sort of in the same boat as you as far as that, like once it became mandated like, okay, never work loves um just tried to be mindful and careful not like jam my fingers and my eyeballs after being out, you know, like sort of basic things. But yeah, it's been rough for the theme parks like out here for Disneyland, like they don't know when they're gonna reopen um for that and that's been like a huge, like a lot of fighting between
they waited a long time. Is has there been pretty good demand from like the public, are you guys getting like, just
like you?
Well, I mean, it just crushed through during like the worst possible time and like during the summertime and everything, like, it's
just all
It's
that's terrible. Yeah. I yeah the impact has just been unbelievable. Um For a lot of folks, especially from that job front. Yeah I've had a lot of friends that have been furloughed or laid off all together and it's just it's been darling, it's been really darling
my entire life. So.
yeah, all the time. Not all the time, but
generally.
small ones, the biggest one that happened when in my life was when I was a kid and it was the Northridge earthquake and it was like a six point something and that was one that like caused buildings to some buildings to fall um in our own. You know I remember my parents house, it made some plates fall off of a cabinet thing, just stuff like that, but for the most part it's generally pretty quick. You notice it, it's a little by the time you start to get freaked out, it's over normally saying so um, yeah, they don't happen that that often, but they definitely happen and they are weird. I mean it makes you feel like, wow, I'm not in control of anything. I would say. I'm way more scared of the wildfires than I am of the earthquakes. Like that's way crazier problem here and it gets worse every single year.
It
varies like this past year. There was, there was one that got started because people, you know how people do these like announcements now where they do like a gender reveal when they're having a baby. Like they'll, um, they'll do some crazy things. These people had made some sort of like custom firework that was going to shoot out like or something and they did it in the middle of like the forest and it, it lit everything up. So it's definitely a lot of that. Some of it has just, we were having dry lightning which is really weird for the state. Um some of that and that was also causing wildfires. But yeah, I think it's probably most of the time something that a human has done,
that's what I
was, somebody,
I was saying the same thing. I'm like how can we have unmanned drones that can go and drop like arsenal, like, like bombs like a billion miles away, but we don't have something like that that, you know, because part of the problem when the smoke gets too thick is that the choppers and things that drop the water runs in the fire retardant can't see where they need to drop. Like that made no sense to me in terms of like they can't develop radar systems or something that the
still drop that I guess it's just not as much of a priority as, you know, developing military technology for whatever reason, but it's getting really bad. I mean there's a lot, there's a lot of um forest out here. The fact is, and a lot of old trees, a lot of dry wood. The rain has been really inconsistent here. And so it's a lot of factors that make it just prime for really bad fire seasons. And I don't know what the solution would be aside from having more proactive cleanup controlled burns, uh executing people that do stupid stuff like drops. It's like I don't it's just
it's a crazy problem.
Yeah. That that sounds about right. Like in terms of like the level of stupidity that leaves a lot of these things starting. Well that's all that being said. I'm kind of, I'm kind of
see the video. Yeah. So I guess we hit our time. So
Thanks.