Hi, can you hear it?
Good, how are you?
I'm nick. Hey
I've done I've lost track now because I've done like maybe like five but I've done like seems like four like the last like 56 days.
Um They've all been pretty good. I'm trying to think like uh I guess that maybe he's been one time and someone didn't show up but majority of time people show up And what I noticed for myself was that um I guess like I think this is like number of my 4th one very like the last five days and a couple of days ago I did like my second one and then you know like at the end of the survey says you can you know you can put in your availability. I put in my putting my availability and then they gave me Sunday at 9:00 at night and I'm driving home from work and I kind of like I didn't I didn't remember about it so I'm driving home taking my time. I stopped at wa wa got a pretzel casually came home um I put the computer on and then and then it hit me, oh and then but I wasn't late, I was like oh shit, but but I wish I would have been more focused on and then I signed on and I was ready to go and it was cool.
So
you know it's funny. I now I I'm repeating myself and other other conversations but I've talked, I told the story a couple of times in the past two conversations. Yeah. So yeah I'm in these clothes, I'm in florida but I've always considered while I'm more like philadelphia.
Yeah. Yeah.
because I remember when I was younger, I lived in New Jersey for a while and for most of my life and then we would go down the shore and then that's where the only time we see chihuahuas and it was like really cool and get some food for while you're down the shore for the week or so.
Um I don't know. I'm not a covid nonbeliever, but like everything is like is good, no major issues, no one in my family has gotten it. Um I work I was furlough for four months. I worked at zero and I got lucky to get called back. So like I had a lot of international experience for a lot of international travelers and didn't nothing happen to get sick.
And then my wife works at walmart all this time and she's never gotten it. And and I think she knows about maybe two people in the store who got it got sick a little bit got better and that's the that's the end of it.
I'm a supervisor and a culinary.
So just
like running
restaurants. Yeah, I like it. What, what was cool? But for me was coming from Jersey to florida. I always worked as a burger king manager. So it's kind of like a similar like job as far as being in coloring. See roller burger king. Well, like I figured when they moved to florida, I didn't want to be like in 100 degree heat maybe in a drive thru burger king. So I said, let me try to theme parks and then it turns out to see what was pretty good. And it's been, I've been there for 14 years, so it's called java.
are good. And the vacation time was really nice to.
maybe.
So uh, go
ahead.
Usually. Like what I always my first have these conversations. What I'm interested in finding out from the other person is I know they're on prolific so I know like they are into doing like surveys, make a couple bucks here and there. So I always want to know like do they know of any other good survey sites they they like?
Yeah.
Because I'm big on, I've been on mturk for two years so I know a lot about it. And what you just said is what what everyone's experience maybe when they kind of run the gamut with it where they made some money in the beginning and it kind of taps out. So I'm still in the face of it that it's like still decent for me and and it's better than prolific. Well, I like for fram Turks so far. I've been on it for I guess coming up in March 2021 B2 years. Yes I've done in a while and I made 3800 bucks the first nine months. It wasn't a full year
and
this current year I met like 3000
and
yeah it's cool and it's like what I like is that it's like nice little extra money and I'm working full time so not like you know, I'm not like up three in the morning to doing it but I definitely my days off I'll give some time to it and I'll try to make some money And something. And I find that like those batch works where you can kind of do 20 or 25 for them like audio files and they're paying pretty decently.
Sure. I wouldn't stop either. Yeah because it's a nice pay rate and it's also the 23 minutes to get it done.
That's cool. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm signed up for it. I don't seem like I've been able to get anything yet, but
sometimes I haven't put enough effort into it
and user testing is called
It
Well, that's cool. So that's kind of like, like when you're on a website, you just like being recorded and you're saying and you're just explaining how your how it's going for you navigate
through the site.
Well, okay.
Yeah, It's true. Like with them Turks, like sometimes there's a few months ago where I wasn't doing so much of it, but like I would still always, once a while to sign on and look for me to try to get my 3, 456 bucks. And that's kind of cool.
The
You do that, 30 day math. So like if you four bucks, it's $120 a month. It cost me no time at all to do it. And and maybe it pays the water bill or it pays
gas for the car.
It
yep. Yeah. So I don't know, I think and my last couple of conversations um they're they're they're all they're good but sometimes it just seems like there's like that middle point where it's like Looking at the clock right now, it's at nine minutes, 40 seconds.
me too. And also the survey kind of like sometimes I've been saying this on the conversation is just kind of bitch at the people, the hosting share is kind of long at the end of this,
you know?
Yeah. I know. Well here's a like a little fun thing. So yeah, yesterday at 11 a.m. conversation and so what's the next Wednesday? Yes, so yesterday and uh so you never know what life is going to happen to, like I was off in a sense, I was gonna be able to do it, And then then my wife said we're gonna go visit her mom, and then so me and my wife and my kids would go, it's not that far, but maybe like a 40 minute, 45 minute drive and the whole time I'm trying to tie me up, well, I don't want to be able to miss my conversation, so and as it worked out, we got to my destination like uh maybe at 10 30 in the morning, and I had a half an hour before it started and this and that,
so.
yeah, without without question. Yeah, I guess you got like a buck 50 for waiting five minutes, but yeah, but it's like you're losing out on kind of 15 ISH, whatever it's going to breathe.
I
know.
Yeah. No, no, it's it's I know, it just also want to say I'm what? I'm working a serial tomorrow today, I'm off and earlier in the day while I was trying to make a couple of dollars. Like I knew that I didn't want to bank that this is going to happen. I'm gonna I'm gonna get my 15 ISH or 16 where it's gonna be just in case. So I made up to like 13 would do a little mturk and a couple
probably
popped up. Well, there was like, there was just like, there's this dollar, one of them took that. It's not good. I've been I've been doing it, you can do 30 of them and it's been out for a few days. So because it's not good, I can't commit myself just to do it like over like six hours to get 30 bucks because it doesn't pay right? But what I do do is like I'll do like six or seven today. I did like six or seven yesterday
and I figured I gotta feeling like since it's kind of sucky, most people are not really doing it and that's why it's every time I look on it, it's still there. So so I got like six more to get my 30 hits on it and they moved it to a dollar because they got the sense like it's not, it's kind of unfair to keep raising the price, but sometimes they keep raising the price and they're just like giving too many hurdles. It's an audio file
thing and Yeah, so it's like every 30 minutes and I think every hour it goes into like a little bit longer one of them. So that, that's the one where it's kind of painful because it takes like 18 minutes for a dollar and it's kind of like, so it's not, Should be, I guess uh 10 cents a minute is kind of like what it's supposed to be. Yeah,
that's not
I know,
they
almost act like they don't, they don't know it exists to their like what,
what is it, what is it? It was again? Never mind. I got I get I'm good.
I'm hanging in there because my, my reading is um I'm not looking for 99.9, this is so many people on YouTube. What? There's to me there's no difference between 99.01 or 99.99.
It's
all the same thing because they can never say we want someone who's got 100% rating.
So, so I'm I'm at 99.199 10, which is above 99.
And it's good enough because like most of the hits are ready to pay any money. They're only looking for like maybe above 95 anyway. So I'm fine.
because
Because
of the the bats. Yeah. And tricky.
What?
Yeah, I kind of wonder about that, but I don't have it like some to find catch hits or something like that too.
And
yeah, the way my goal to make money on there, the way I've made my stay like three grand in a year is like if I see something for a quarter into survey, I'll do it. If it's, if it's going to take like 38 minutes, I'll just return it. But generally generally speaking those 50 cents and 40 cents there pretty quick, you can roll through it in three minutes and then like if you make a $20 day in mturk sometimes like eight or $9 or from stuff there under a dollar and it just, it just adds up and it's quick and usually can watch Tv with it.
This thing, this thing I've been doing with the dollar is an audio file, so it's a little bit of line because I can't, I can't ignore it, I can't just watch netflix or something. I got to listen to this stupid, you know, audio qualities and this and that and I keep getting emails saying they liked my stuff like that. It kind of gets in my head. Oh wow. So I just started, so I tried a little harder. It's funny.
Yeah. Two kids married um live in florida From from the we will from Jersey in 2007. So we've been here 13 years.
Well, at this point I early on for a long time, I've always like Jersey better and at this point it's like, I guess florida's fun. You know, we have a lot of family here and you know, I saw some news highlight about the second snowstorm back back in the area, so I'm
like, well then I'm not dealing with that, so it's not bad,
it's
Mhm.
It's true. But sometimes the thing I rationalize what covid is, there's a couple of doctors there on Youtube and I think they got taken off, they had like a video, I think they're from California and they were kind of saying like they were kind of questioning what's the problem here because like they were trying trying to do factoring all the people who have Covid didn't really have covid their home. They've gotten better. And they're saying like these people are not being put into the death equation. So like when you're doing the people have gotten it and died and the exchanges like 6%. But if you factor in all the people who didn't get tested because it was just like a mild thing to them and they got, they got over it, then it's kind of like very comparable to the flu.
You
get looks to get looks
and the thing is like before, it's a mandate here now, but I didn't, when it wasn't a mandate, I wouldn't wear the mask, I wasn't concerned and it didn't wear gloves
and I would just go on my, I wouldn't go out too much. I figured where I'll stay home. But when I had to go out and no masks, no gloves and I definitely do the six ft thing. I kind of avoid people anyway, maybe here and there. So I just didn't the six ft thing and I wasn't concerned. And then once they made it a rule or no problem, it's a rule I'll put it on. No problem.
Yeah. I know. I know it because in over here everything is open it open a little bit slowly. They waited a good while. They waited a good while. I mean like they closed March 15th and they, they basically kind of reopened june 1st. And so I mean that's like a 2.5 months they waited. And also, even even when they opened June one, it was nothing. It was a reservation only. Like no one was in these parks and this Disney didn't open yet. They went to July
It's
kind of like we're not busy but like the thing is it's like um just busy on Saturdays, that's it. 11 Day A Week.
And
well I never experienced this like in my mind, I was like when we left March 15 everyone's doing like the math of what the seasons were thinking like I guess we'll be back for spring break for sure. And then we then we weren't and you know, I enjoyed the unemployment money was nice
couple bucks and they got all that money and then also got lucky to get called back to because like there's a good percentage of people that I know it didn't didn't get called back.
Mhm. You have, how long you been California?
Have you ever experienced an earthquake? That's, that's something just popped in my head,
but
like trump tremors. Yeah.
Yeah. I was too bad. And, and that's pretty much like from people's errors, like throwing a cigarette on the ground
usually.
Okay. And I guess it also seems like you think near 2020 they can come up with some kind of way that they can fight the fire,
but,
but they seemed like they can't.
You know.
I know.
Yeah. I watched some Youtube video like there was someone putting like a million sparklers in the watermelon. And then my first reaction was to look at the Youtube comments and like immediately was like talking about the fires in your area and how this is stupid because they had the watermelon like it was it was it was on the dead end of the road, but it was all surrounded by grass in every direction. Yeah.
I mean,
yeah, we get paid all right, take
care.