SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh thank you. Can hear me. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: How are you today?
SPEAKER_R: I'm great and you? All
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Have you ever done this before?
SPEAKER_R: Uh You mean shattered with a strange unknown person? No, I don't think I have. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I have actually done this before. They ran it about I think six months ago and I participated then too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I think I tried and the person didn't show up so uh I was like is this real or not? You know? But yeah. Okay. So um do you want to tell me kind of like what state you're in? I mean as in geographical state? Just
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah I'm in the United States. I'm in Oklahoma.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I'm in California, but I'm Australian originally, but I live in the US. So yeah, wow, how's things in Oklahoma then? I've never been there.
SPEAKER_L: Very humid today but that's pretty normal. What about there?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, it's pretty hot. It's like getting into the eighties so, but hey, it's sunday and I'm actually off next week, so pretty happy about that.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. What are you doing on your week off?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I probably will have to do some work, but actually we have a permit to go to Yosemite National Park at the end of the week and you know, it's only just reopened and not much is open so it's going to be pretty empty. Which is going to be kind of nice because normally it's so busy So yeah. Yeah. We'll just be out the back country camping and eating and stuff. Yeah. But you got any plans for the July four weekend?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Not so far. No, I'm still kind of social distancing and everything so I haven't really
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: made
SPEAKER_R: shore.
SPEAKER_L: any plans.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean we wouldn't you know, it's just myself and my husband, you know and I don't think we'll release probably even see anybody else. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So um I can't remember. Did they did they give us any briefing on what we're supposed to talk about or is it just like whatever Random.
SPEAKER_L: No when I actually did the pre screener survey it told us we could either do free form or we could talk or we would give be given a list of promise. But then when I went into it it didn't offer that. So I guess we're just free form.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right. And then I think it's just supposed to be for Do they do they time it out then when we end or we just kind of hang out whenever we want.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I think it's best to be like 20 minutes or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's supposed to be 25 minutes. I don't think they timed it. I started a timer on my phone before you showed up because it said if you wait for more than five minutes, so I think it has been about two minutes when you showed up, so I'll kind of keep track and I'll let you know
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah. I mean I've got about 1 1.5 minutes past the top of the hour anyway, because like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you're on central time. Yeah. Yeah, I mean on pacific time, so yeah, it's just after lunch for me. Yeah. Yeah, no, I'm kind of, did you get this through prolific then get this? Yeah. Yeah, me too. I'm kind of pissed because I had another one this morning, it was like zoom session and I got up actually at 7 30 this morning to sign into this zoom session and then I get in there and they go, oh, too many people you can't get in. And I was like wTF as like, yeah, I mean if you send
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: me a zoom invite and they actually, I mean, I don't know how long you've been using prolific, but it was sent in the chat, right? And they had like 900 prolific ideas and then each one had a separate, you know, log in, you're supposed to use that log in. So they invited 900 people to the zoo. And then I guess they found out that it only would let in 100 people. So I've complained. I think that's like completely not on, you know, like, you know, we
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: terrible.
SPEAKER_R: like, you know, dawn not gone, but and yeah, I mean, I'm sure they just screwed up because they probably found out there was a limit on how many people could get in. Um But yeah, so I know if you got any pets, I always ask when I'm on zoom, I'm gonna do a lot of zooms for work and stuff. So I always ask about people's pets or animals or whatever. So
SPEAKER_L: I have one cat, he's pretty fat and he's orange, he's very fluffy. What
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: about you?
SPEAKER_R: probably, you know, I love cats and I love all animals and we just lost our second last cat last year and we've just decided not to get another one for a while, but I'm kind of really kicking myself, You know, like if I'd known when shutdown had started was going to go on for so long, we would have liked foster kittens or you know, it's like the perfect time, right? Kind of you have all this time at home and yeah, so he was actually a big, big black fluffy cat. So super nice. So yeah, I'm jealous of you having a nice, nice orange kitty. So there you go. Um yeah, let's see. Um, I don't know. How long have you been on prolific been on for? About a year, maybe
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I think it's probably about the same for me
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: around nine months to a year. Do you use
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: any other platforms?
SPEAKER_R: um, no, I wanted to kind of like just little like survey things. There's one called crowd tap, which kind of call, it's just on your phone and you just like do like little random things there, so uh yeah, you know, I mean you can't spend too much time on this, but I think the prolific ones are generally good, right? There someone is really interesting like psychology and stuff. I mean I'm not a, not a psychologist, but you know, like it's, you kind of, yeah, they have some interesting things, so
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're definitely interesting. Have you ever heard of in turk?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's the one. Yeah, I've heard of it. I've never done it, I've heard it's kind of like a lot of kind of um Well I know, so you're on it, right, are you on it or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I use it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what kind of tasks does it give to you?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you can actually do a lot of different ones, but the main ones I do, or academic surveys just like I'm prolific. Some people do like data entry, I mean there's all kinds of different little micro tasks on there, but like I said, I do a lot of academic surveys. I've had someone there that were like fascinating. Like you said the psychology and stuff like they're really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It has
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I think has more studies and vulnerable than prolific. The prolific ones are good but you don't catch as many.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, they kind of pop up and then by the time you see them or whatever, it's already full. Uh Yeah, I guess I just heard of it and took was kind of harder to get started on, like I think it's heavily reputation based or something like this and so it takes time to kind of build up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not quite as user friendly. I think prolific vary. They really hold your hand and explain everything to you. I feel like when you start and it's very easy to use whereas in Turkey they kind of just throw you in and they're like good luck.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, how funny. Hm. Yeah. So um gosh. So what do you do in your spare time, what do you what do you like doing?
SPEAKER_L: Um whenever people ask me that I just blank I'm like I don't know what I do. Um I like reading, I like watching movies and tv um I take my cat for walks because he's very unusual. He loves the
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: outdoors.
SPEAKER_R: the lunch leash trained or you just let him free range or what?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no I put him on a harness. I live in the city so I mean I don't want him putting away so I just put them on a harness. I actually adopted him from someone about a year ago and the guy had mentioned he had gotten out a few times and I was like oh God I don't want him to get out. And then I was like well he really wants to go outside so maybe I'm better off just letting him do it in a safe way and he loves it. We do it every morning.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so cool. Yeah, we trained my my black cat spooky to do that and he when he was younger he would kind of do it and sometimes we even sort of get him in the car and just drive to other neighborhoods and let him walk around the block. But then I think when he got older he just, you know, didn't seem to like, but you know, also when he got a little bit, so we just let him roam around in the driveway, you know, we just, you know, if we were out working on bikes or something like that, he's just pottering around in the garden and we made a Casio for the cats too. So we've had this back um
SPEAKER_L: I want to do
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, you know, they would just sit out there and watch squirrels and stuff. So um yeah, like I I live actually in Silicon Valley, so like the whole tech thing, but it's in
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: sort of the town, so we have like all raccoons and squirrels and you know, skunks and stuff like that, so it's kind of nice. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I can't say the only person I ever met from Oklahoma had like a really loud voice and so you don't have a loud voice. I figured maybe he was like from the country or something where they kind of yelling at their friends across the field or something.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's kind of also I think it's a guy thing for one my dad's kind of like that honestly it's like they just want to talk louder to talk over the other person I think I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know We shouldn't, we shouldn't stereotype and judge or anything, but yeah. And then I think apart from that, the only thing I knew about Oklahoma was the musical. So, you know, yeah, that's kind of kind of flattered really. But one of these days, you know, we can travel again. I really would like to like drive across the country. You know, just see, you know, I've seen like certain states, but many of them, I just haven't even set foot in. You know, like Oklahoma Nebraska,
SPEAKER_L: I want to do.
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: Dakotas
SPEAKER_L: you move?
SPEAKER_R: uh you know we moved actually the early two thousands came over with a tech job and you know, and then we just, we thought it was only gonna be here for a couple of years supposed to be like an assignment and then we just kind of extended and I got green cards and then like five years ago got citizenship. So you know. Yeah, I mean I I love it here. It feels like home. I mean not everything is perfect, but then not everything is perfect back in Australia either. So you know,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: it's all about like you know having friends and you know people let you and actually my older brother lives in Kansas city so I have got some family here. So yeah, so you have a big family like close by like get
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: together.
SPEAKER_L: do, I do actually
SPEAKER_R: How nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have kind of a mixed family because my parents are divorced and they're both divorced and have been married multiple times. So I kind of have the yours, mine and ours family. I have step siblings,
SPEAKER_R: that's cool
SPEAKER_L: I have half
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: siblings.
SPEAKER_R: it yeah and you'll get
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: get along
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: for the most
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually have a brother that lives in California,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Which which which part like northern or?
SPEAKER_L: Orange County area.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's that's like part close to L. A. Right?
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was confused because sometimes he'll say Orange County other times we'll say Cyprus or I'm like where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well you should
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: you should come out and visit him you know it's it's uh it's nice California's nice it's got some really nice. Um Well yeah I'm really hyped up about going to Yosemite because it's really beautiful. Um Sorry stop my headphones in the line. My husband used them last night and he's like these headphones are terrible, they don't stay in your ears and I was like I don't have any trouble and then what do you know today they fall out so what are you gonna do? Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm married, I've been through that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So does your husband does he know you do you know these kinds of things? And does he kind of like roll his eyes or does he get, you know do you talk about the things with him?
SPEAKER_L: Uh talk about sometimes if I have like an interesting study or you know, I'll be like I had the weirdest thing and
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I think mine's kind of the same. Um I know I've got one or two where they've said, oh you can you can have your husband or your partner do it as well if they're also signed up with prolific and I've never done those right. Because I know he's just not interested in you know, getting
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: involved, but it's the same thing sometimes, you know, you'll just see something and yeah, They certainly have had a lot about to do with COVID-19 I would say. I kind of thought I wondered if there wouldn't be any and it's like seems like especially earlier on it's got so many And I'm actually on this one now which initially was like one a week and you got $10 every week and it was quite long, it was like an hour and a lot of you know things and now it's sort of gone to more like once every three weeks, but they reckon they're going to keep going for several more months,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it's like, you know, it's just better cash, spare cash. Who doesn't like that? Yeah, so gosh, so well Oklahoma get, so you're in the big cities like Tulsa or um I don't know which which is a big cities in Oklahoma. This because it's the main one that I know but
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: well okay,
SPEAKER_L: in a smaller sitting,
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah, so I'm not
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: trying to
SPEAKER_L: smaller city, but I am closer to Tulsa.
SPEAKER_R: got it. Yeah, so we'll get like super hot, like what's the, what's the climate like? Is it super hot, super cold in winter like snow? Like what, what does it feel like?
SPEAKER_L: It's I hate to say this because I know this is probably like a very overuse saying, but bipolar is the first word that comes to mind. I know that's not a good way to use a mental illness is a description.
SPEAKER_R: Don't
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: worry, this
SPEAKER_L: gets
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: very hot, it gets very hot in the summer. Um And it gets really humid too in other states when it gets hot. It's not as bad, but the humidity is really what sucks around here. And then sometimes we get in the winter, sometimes you'll get really bad ice storms, sometimes you'll get snow. Um And tornado season also.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I was going to say yes yes it is. It is known for
SPEAKER_L: so it
SPEAKER_R: tornadoes.
SPEAKER_L: it's very crazy. Yeah. The weather here is just all over the place. I mean it can be pouring rain one day and then super hot the next day. I mean it's just it's very random. It's probably one of my least favorite things about living here.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Well and I guess it's it's relatively flat, right? There's not a lot of mountain ranges and and yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean about humidity because where I lived in Australia was sort of the I guess the climatic equivalent of florida like super which is not which is the north part of Australia because you know it's like close to the equator problem and yeah super hot and steamy and I go back there now and I just can't handle the humidity, you know like get up and it's like yeah you could take a shower and then like half an hour later you're like oh so California is much more of a dry heat and you know, so it's okay, but we just have super boring weather in summer, I mean it's it's nice like boring, nice because it'll be just like we literally will not rain for six months and then you kind of miss the rain, right, and then it will get the winter season when we get there, when we get the rain, if it's not a drought season. Um But uh yeah it's it's nice so when we go camping right, I mean we're not going to bring a tent, we're going to take a mosquito net and just sleep under that because again we're going to be way away from anybody. Yeah, because you know, we just know it's not gonna rain and uh yeah, so we just sleep on the mosquito, you'll get bugs, so that's why you need the mosquito net. But yeah, it's going to be going to be nice actually. That's what I've got to do after we finish this is just finish out the food list and then we'll go get all the supplies. So then planned out all the food. So it's going to be good. Yeah. So what are you, what are you reading or watching any, any, any movie recommendations of book recommendations would like to find out what people are?
SPEAKER_L: I'm watching Hannibal right now on netflix. I'm not sure if you've heard of that or not.
SPEAKER_R: is that is that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: very good.
SPEAKER_R: is that Hannibal as in the Silence of lambs? Kind of Hannibal? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's like a
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: modern
SPEAKER_R: there are.
SPEAKER_L: version of that. I actually really like the movies like Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon and all that. But The Union is pretty good too.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Cool. Okay. Yeah. I don't actually have netflix. You've got amazon prime so intend to watch those shows.
SPEAKER_L: I think that hasn't to actually.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I will check it out. I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: want to reject.
SPEAKER_R: you know, yeah, I'm sort of like not a super horror movie, you know, I don't like watching really disturbing
SPEAKER_L: I'm usually not
SPEAKER_R: things.
SPEAKER_L: I'm usually not either. I just I really like the Hannibal series.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think he's like a really fascinating again like you know kind of like psychological character. Right? You just because he's like super smart right? I mean I remember that from the I read one of the one or two of the books as well, like super smart obviously just super psychopathic and um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's really interesting though. Uh I don't want to spoil it, but there's a movie called Hannibal Rising and it kind of talks about like his childhood Lithuania and kind of how he became the killer that he is.
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. Okay. That might be interesting. Yeah. Ok. Yeah. Like a when he was like a little baby, baby Hannibal. Yeah. Dear idea.
SPEAKER_L: baby killer, wow,
SPEAKER_R: Well you know that's
SPEAKER_L: what do you like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: to watch?
SPEAKER_R: uh you know we've been watching, what have you been?
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my husband has been catching up on Westworld actually which I hadn't seen and I never wanted to watch it because
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: they always say it's very violent. You know it's about these robots that they have in like a theme park and now he'll just have it on, I'll be doing something else and every time I look up there's someone getting shot or getting the throat cut. But
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of but it's also kind of creepy because you know again maybe the whole thing about robots getting intelligence, you know it does make you know like what is a human brain, you know what makes us human and all of that. So yeah we watched that and then um I was watching mrs Maisel for a while and we kind of just got a bit too much. Um I don't know I like I like watching Pixar movies actually. I liked like kids animation.
SPEAKER_L: it's true,
SPEAKER_R: They're just so lovely and creative. Like Toy Story three was on the other night and we just watched it, it's like I saw it like 10 years ago or whenever it was on and they're just so beautiful and innocent and yeah that's what we need right now.
SPEAKER_L: It really is. What's your favorite?
SPEAKER_R: Uh You know I don't know. Have you seen Coco?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I have,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. I was just a mess. I mean it was beautiful
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: but it was also extremely emotional because I mean one of the things was my mom actually passed away a few years ago and she had dementia
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: and so that whole story with the grandma and all of that. But the idea of memory and you know what makes you remember? I mean it was just such a deep movie but also that's really sweet and funny and I love the music and yeah and again I like I like to a story I like. Yeah. How about you? Which ones you like? Oh marijuana? I love marijuana. Oh my God she rocks.
SPEAKER_L: that was a really good one too. Uh let's see, I like both of the ones you named. Mm are we talking Disney and Pixar kind of look at them as one of this.
SPEAKER_R: Just this kind of animated.
SPEAKER_L: I like the classics, the princess movies. I really like Pocahontas and Mulan
SPEAKER_R: mama
SPEAKER_L: in particular.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't seen Pocahontas and I heard they made a no and I don't know why. Oh I think I saw a bit of it, they didn't like the live action. Think of it like they had the Disney like I'm gonna watch a bit of that. Um Well I wanted to see the movie, they made a live action out of that too. Right? I didn't didn't
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I haven't seen that.
SPEAKER_R: catch it because I guess it was supposed to come out in the theaters and then that didn't happen. So yeah I guess they probably streaming on Disney Plus. Um Yeah so I'm thinking I'm gonna have to get Disney Plus so we can watch the Hamilton livestream Hamilton movie because that looks that looks I love musicals so. Yeah. Okay well I've
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: got a,
SPEAKER_L: like Disney Plus for sure you went
SPEAKER_R: sorry sorry say that again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I was going to say I really like Disney Plus I actually right now have it for free because if you're a Verizon customer you get it for like a year free, but I would totally pay for it too. It's a great streaming service.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I think they're just getting so many cool things. Yeah. No I've got a T. And T and then it gives me nothing. So A T and T. And Comcast. So yeah, I know with T mobile, right, you get, you get netflix and then with I didn't realize BRyson had thrown in Disney plus, that's that's nice. But yeah. Um let's see, favorite food. Tell me about your favorite food.
SPEAKER_L: Favorite food. I really like asian food and I really like tex Mex. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I like spicy food because I'm vegetarian and so eat lots of indian food. Yeah, lots of lots of kind of mexican spicy food. So we have I guess cal Mex California
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: mexican
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: here. But I've been, my brother used to live in Albuquerque. So when I would go visit him in New Mexico, you get like a slightly different kind of mexican. Native american kind of influenced food. So yeah, basically if it's like fresh, you know, like lots of yummy veggies and spicy, then I'm into it. Yeah. You like cooking?
SPEAKER_L: I love cooking and baking.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes, I'm a big, I've gotten much better at my bread baking game during all this. So yeah. Do you, what do you do you like cakes and pies or bread or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um I really like doing like muffins and breads, I do cakes and pies and stuff occasionally, but like I said I like the bread, so I like to make banana bread, pumpkin bread, stuff like that. I'm not I'm not entirely vegetarian or vegan or anything, but I do a lot of stuff like that and a lot of natural and all that good stuff
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, balance all about balance. Yeah. I know, I think I'm not great at cake, so it seems like things like cakes and stuff,
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: we've got a it's like art as well as the science, you know, I mean you can you can make, it might taste great, but you know, if you can't make it look really good, you know like on the show's, whereas I think things like a banana bread or even just like a salad aloof or something, you know, I mean it's it's a lot more forgiving. Uh you know, it's supposed to look kind of like supposed to look natural and homey and not not not all of that, so sorry, my nose is itchy, I don't know why. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Well I don't know what you're gonna do for the rest of the day, but I have to have to go to a big grocery run, fill up the car, so it's like exciting afternoon here in California,
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: you can take your cat for a walk and uh yeah, what's what's what's his name?
SPEAKER_L: Oh his name is Peanut, I didn't name him,
SPEAKER_R: So?
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, you said you kind of adopted him from a french. So was that hard? Did he did it take him a while to kind of bond to you or was
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: he?
SPEAKER_L: know, I really thought it would. I'm actually okay, I'm gonna pull up the picture because I love showing people pictures of him.
SPEAKER_R: he's good.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so it actually I didn't know the person I adopted him from. I actually used a website where you can adopt cats from individuals and I was super worried about. I was worried it would take him a while because a lot of times, you know, you bring home in your cat, they hide you might not see them in a few days or a week or so. Okay, I'm gonna show you pictures quick. Uh school work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my God is a lovely boy. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: cute. I was really worried he wasn't going to just at first, but we actually, because he me out the entire way home, he's very vocal. So I was like, oh gosh, she's really freaked out. We brought him home. We opened the cat carrier and he immediately just started exploring the house. And I mean he investigated, yeah, he investigated every inch and then it probably he's a very physically affectionate cat. Like he will climb on top of you if you're laying down. Even if
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm sleeping, I'm on my back. I lay on my stomach. It took him I think about three days to feel comfortable enough to lay on me like that. So I mean it was really just a perfect match for us. I mean it worked out super well.
SPEAKER_R: That's sweet. Well here you go. I I found one of little, little pooky, See there we go, can you see that? That was after he had gotten into some ice cream.
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: He was so greedy he would eat anything so we couldn't and you know that was kind of one of the sort of the sad sort of happy things about now. He's not here anymore. It's like we can just leave stuff out on the count, right, we would leave anything for like two seconds. He would jump up on the count. I'm talking literally anything, tomatoes bread. So we always oh my god I'm never he loved avocado jalapeno potato chips. I mean it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: could be yeah, it was just the greediest, greediest cut ever. So we were constantly taking pictures of him. Uh Yeah, after having gotten into food that he shouldn't have. Uh Yeah it was sort of an adjustment like you know for the first few months I'd be like oh can't leave that out on the counter, you know, captain better now we've kind of gotten used to. But I miss I miss that. So
SPEAKER_L: How old was he?
SPEAKER_R: He actually lived to nearly 18, 18 or 19. He was diabetic and so we would give him an insulin shot. But it was easy, it was like a tiny little needle, you just give him a shot twice a day. And he was really well managed and you know, he he did great and then you could tell that he was just sort of slowing down and then eventually, you know, it was it's very hard when you have to make the decision right about what to do. But you know, we had to feel good about that and yeah, so it's it's but yeah, you know, I don't know. I just shouldn't say sad things. But I've heard about I've had friends who've actually had to have their pets put to sleep during this whole time and they they literally have to kind of you know, drive up to the vets and then hand their head over and I thought how sad is that? It's sad no matter what, you don't just sit there and hold their car all that. Well anyway, I'm sorry to kind of end on a down note. But anyway, you get a little peanut a good good, you know, all over body massage and yeah, look, it was lovely to talk to you. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It was lovely to work to you too.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad you were normal and not not kind of weird. Well, you know, you know, I don't know if they did like a they match you up with somebody of the same gender just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: in case.
SPEAKER_L: wondered I wondered about that actually.
SPEAKER_R: I mean not that, but it's just long as the person isn't creepy. Right? I don't really care. It is a little weird and as we've just got like totally neutral backgrounds, don't give away any personal information. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Well I guess you can just hang up and then go back to the think I think.
SPEAKER_L: yes. Do you wanna leave this open until we click over to the next page or just
SPEAKER_R: it's just not
SPEAKER_L: to make sure?
SPEAKER_R: Then your conversation should join you soon, then you'll see a time. Oh, there's a time and it says 29. Okay. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's that started when you join the page. Your mind
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: says long
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: for the years I think.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Well look, I've got I've got like nearly 30 minutes so okay. So means you can just click the, click the
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: next button and then
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: hopefully
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: turn off the cam.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think we're good after we do that. I do think we have to close this tab though.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Close it before. I don't know. Okay, bye then. Have a good time.
SPEAKER_L: bye.