Okay.
How are you today?
Pretty good. Have you ever done this before?
I have actually done this before. They ran it about I think six months ago and I participated then too.
Mhm. Yeah I'm in the United States. I'm in Oklahoma.
Very humid today but that's pretty normal. What about there?
Nice. What are you doing on your week off?
Yeah. Not so far. No, I'm still kind of social distancing and everything so I haven't really
made
any plans.
Mm.
No when I actually did the pre screener survey it told us we could either do free form or we could talk or we would give be given a list of promise. But then when I went into it it didn't offer that. So I guess we're just free form.
I
Yeah it's supposed to be 25 minutes. I don't think they timed it. I started a timer on my phone before you showed up because it said if you wait for more than five minutes, so I think it has been about two minutes when you showed up, so I'll kind of keep track and I'll let you know
and
That's
that's
terrible.
I have one cat, he's pretty fat and he's orange, he's very fluffy. What
about you?
Yeah. Yeah, I think it's probably about the same for me
around nine months to a year. Do you use
any other platforms?
yeah, they're definitely interesting. Have you ever heard of in turk?
Yeah, I use it,
yeah, you can actually do a lot of different ones, but the main ones I do, or academic surveys just like I'm prolific. Some people do like data entry, I mean there's all kinds of different little micro tasks on there, but like I said, I do a lot of academic surveys. I've had someone there that were like fascinating. Like you said the psychology and stuff like they're really interesting.
It has
I think has more studies and vulnerable than prolific. The prolific ones are good but you don't catch as many.
Yeah. It's not quite as user friendly. I think prolific vary. They really hold your hand and explain everything to you. I feel like when you start and it's very easy to use whereas in Turkey they kind of just throw you in and they're like good luck.
Um whenever people ask me that I just blank I'm like I don't know what I do. Um I like reading, I like watching movies and tv um I take my cat for walks because he's very unusual. He loves the
outdoors.
No, no, no I put him on a harness. I live in the city so I mean I don't want him putting away so I just put them on a harness. I actually adopted him from someone about a year ago and the guy had mentioned he had gotten out a few times and I was like oh God I don't want him to get out. And then I was like well he really wants to go outside so maybe I'm better off just letting him do it in a safe way and he loves it. We do it every morning.
I want to do
that. Yeah.
And
what?
I think it's kind of also I think it's a guy thing for one my dad's kind of like that honestly it's like they just want to talk louder to talk over the other person I think I'm not sure.
I want to do.
Did
you move?
Thank
you.
I
do, I do actually
I have kind of a mixed family because my parents are divorced and they're both divorced and have been married multiple times. So I kind of have the yours, mine and ours family. I have step siblings,
I have half
siblings.
It's
definitely
interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, I actually have a brother that lives in California,
Orange County area.
What?
I was confused because sometimes he'll say Orange County other times we'll say Cyprus or I'm like where do you live?
I mean
I'm married, I've been through that.
Uh talk about sometimes if I have like an interesting study or you know, I'll be like I had the weirdest thing and
there.
What?
I'm
in a smaller sitting,
I'm
smaller city, but I am closer to Tulsa.
It's I hate to say this because I know this is probably like a very overuse saying, but bipolar is the first word that comes to mind. I know that's not a good way to use a mental illness is a description.
It
gets
very hot, it gets very hot in the summer. Um And it gets really humid too in other states when it gets hot. It's not as bad, but the humidity is really what sucks around here. And then sometimes we get in the winter, sometimes you'll get really bad ice storms, sometimes you'll get snow. Um And tornado season also.
so it
it's very crazy. Yeah. The weather here is just all over the place. I mean it can be pouring rain one day and then super hot the next day. I mean it's just it's very random. It's probably one of my least favorite things about living here.
What?
I'm watching Hannibal right now on netflix. I'm not sure if you've heard of that or not.
It's
very good.
It's like a
more
modern
version of that. I actually really like the movies like Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon and all that. But The Union is pretty good too.
I think that hasn't to actually.
You
want to reject.
I'm usually not
I'm usually not either. I just I really like the Hannibal series.
Yeah. It's really interesting though. Uh I don't want to spoil it, but there's a movie called Hannibal Rising and it kind of talks about like his childhood Lithuania and kind of how he became the killer that he is.
baby killer, wow,
what do you like
to watch?
Well,
only
Well,
it's true,
It really is. What's your favorite?
Yes, I have,
you know?
I mean
that was a really good one too. Uh let's see, I like both of the ones you named. Mm are we talking Disney and Pixar kind of look at them as one of this.
I like the classics, the princess movies. I really like Pocahontas and Mulan
in particular.
Yeah, I haven't seen that.
I
like Disney Plus for sure you went
Oh, I was going to say I really like Disney Plus I actually right now have it for free because if you're a Verizon customer you get it for like a year free, but I would totally pay for it too. It's a great streaming service.
Favorite food. I really like asian food and I really like tex Mex. What about you?
Well
no.
I love cooking and baking.
Um I really like doing like muffins and breads, I do cakes and pies and stuff occasionally, but like I said I like the bread, so I like to make banana bread, pumpkin bread, stuff like that. I'm not I'm not entirely vegetarian or vegan or anything, but I do a lot of stuff like that and a lot of natural and all that good stuff
where
Well.
Oh his name is Peanut, I didn't name him,
but
you
know, I really thought it would. I'm actually okay, I'm gonna pull up the picture because I love showing people pictures of him.
Okay, so it actually I didn't know the person I adopted him from. I actually used a website where you can adopt cats from individuals and I was super worried about. I was worried it would take him a while because a lot of times, you know, you bring home in your cat, they hide you might not see them in a few days or a week or so. Okay, I'm gonna show you pictures quick. Uh school work. Yeah.
cute. I was really worried he wasn't going to just at first, but we actually, because he me out the entire way home, he's very vocal. So I was like, oh gosh, she's really freaked out. We brought him home. We opened the cat carrier and he immediately just started exploring the house. And I mean he investigated, yeah, he investigated every inch and then it probably he's a very physically affectionate cat. Like he will climb on top of you if you're laying down. Even if
I'm sleeping, I'm on my back. I lay on my stomach. It took him I think about three days to feel comfortable enough to lay on me like that. So I mean it was really just a perfect match for us. I mean it worked out super well.
on
What?
How old was he?
It was lovely to work to you too.
I
wondered I wondered about that actually.
Well
yes. Do you wanna leave this open until we click over to the next page or just
to make sure?
that's that started when you join the page. Your mind
says long
for the years I think.
I think,
I
think,
yeah, I think we're good after we do that. I do think we have to close this tab though.
bye.