You see things going to school to get up, Dipshit is not a small guy. 65, Looking to share. Uh, this visit is his vision for me Dan. He has great vision, great awareness. I think that's why you find that something. Yeah, yeah, course with I'm so happy someone showed up. Do you hear me? Okay? Great. Read the hand because not only does it turn around, but it was low. Hi, I'm Karen. Who are you?
So
where are you located? Are you in the United States? All right. I'm in Virginia. I was just watching a Redskins football game. They're my favorite team. They don't do very well, unfortunately. That's kind of sad. Are you a sports fan? No. What do you like to do?
Okay, so have you participated in any of these prolific chats before? All right. Are you always this talkative?
you have any cats and dogs or pets?
No.
Okay. So what do you do the work at a school or anything?
Oh. So what are you, like a teacher's aide or something or?
That's cool.
What grade do you teach? Really,
wow.
That's interesting. Yeah, I've been, I've been in some of these chests before also. Uh the chats were pretty good. I found them pretty interesting, but like, like the last three or so I've been on like the person ever showed up. So that was kind of a bummer. I didn't like that. So anyway,
um nothing really, I'm retired. So um
more or less actually, I mean, I
don't know if that's going to be a permanent state of affairs, but that's right now. I am. Today's my birthday. As a matter of fact, actually.
Thank you.
Yeah, I mean I do work, I do mystery
shopping,
which is fun. I like that. It's um I usually shop apartments, so basically I pretend that I'm going
to rent
apartments and you know, they give me the tour and everything and you know, and I write about how it went and you know, whether they called their script and did what they were supposed to, that type of thing. So um
yeah,
it's kind of interesting.
So I, I like that. But you know, it's not really a living. It's just the way to make some extra money. So anyway.
So we live in a city country near what
close to Dallas, like Alice.
I don't know. Well that's
the problem
with all studies. All cities have
kind of like bad traffic. Really. I mean, I live in a rural area, but like um there's a town close by which is actually not even very big. Was probably like, I think there's like maybe 6000 people, 7000, not even that like maybe probably less than 5000 people in it. But it's like a bill can get trafficking because It's close to a major east west route close to I 64. So You know people kind of travel through there sometimes and it's just like you know if you're there like in rush hour time like 5:00 or something that can get traffic e so I try to kind of avoid those areas the same way you know. Well my team is losing again surprise surprise what
agree on my birthday would sort of hope that they could be winning. But now unfortunately
not.
I just saw last night I was watching Dateline and I just watched a murder mystery but that happened in debt Dallas. It was a
it was like a p ethnic, we had big dentists that got murdered and you know it was just like a kind of like
ex girlfriend that, you know, the ex girlfriend wanted the guy that um, you know she was dating or
something and yeah, it was pretty sad because the dentist was murdered was, you know, a really good person. So, but I guess this things happen. I mean especially in this it's city, although it can happen anywhere released. So
anyway, you have kids. I hear him in the background.
Oh,
how many of those do you have? Okay. You're kind of making
this
hard to chat.
Can you like swear to talk a little bit? I'm doing all the work here.
It's kind of kind of gotten on your nerves.
Oh, sorry to hear that. So Covid.
Yeah, that's bad too. Mm
So you have to watch the kids or what? Really?
Well that must be kind of taxing.
How many do you, how many brothers and sisters do you have?
Okay. Well that's not too bad then I guess. Yeah.
How's the weather there right now
actually? Um It's about, let
me say let me check the exact bully right now. But it's um certain old it is. Wait I got to sign in uh trying to look here, whoops. It's usually just pops up says
that 69 oh actually 70 Winds 11 mph. So you know it's kind of windy. I thought it was going to be cold But it's really not that cold. I mean it's going down to 49 tonight. That's not that bad really. So I sort of thought I was going down into the 30s or something tonight I guess I was wrong. So anyway, hello? This phone might not be exactly right. I'm going to after this game is over and our chad so we're gonna go up walk, get some steps in. So this is not the most interesting place to walk really. But um I don't know any place. It would be more
interesting since I'm by myself, I don't only want to go, you know what I mean? There's like a civil war battlefield not too far from here, but I mean it's kind of isolated. I don't want to like really go there by myself. I went there with my friend last week
and
um but I was wearing like a nice sweater and I I didn't want to get sweaty or anything, it was mostly like downhill, you know, a pill, whatever. So anyway,
I decided being Yeah,
but this is too isolated.
So I've got a son living in brazil, I talked
to him earlier. Mhm.
uh you know some weirdo fantasy, I mean you know, I guess he likes it, but it's like
I mean.
I really don't know. He's on doing a lot. I mean he did buy a house down there because he said the houses are super inexpensive. It was like $6,000 or something. Yeah.
So yeah, he bought a house and he's been working on that. But other than that, like he's not really doing anything. So you
know, that's painting an
act
with him being
there because he's
so far
away and then with Covid it's like that's a damper with traveling. Plus he said he's overstayed his Visa is at this point he's afraid, you know, who have trouble getting back in the country and he comes back up here, does it? So I don't know. It's kind of difficult. Oh,
I
don't know. I really don't know. I mean and I mean if he does, you know, if he did come back to the United States, you
know,
he would probably be quarantined for a couple of weeks and I mean I really don't know. I just wish that vaccine would come out. I guess
something
I guess it will be here pretty quickly. Hopefully do you plan to get it when it's available? You probably have to make your work will pay for it as well. It should be free I guess.
Well you have to realize that, I mean it's already been
through several phases of testing and um you know, if there had been like a lot of adverse reactions
that would have been, you know discontinued or stopped. So and then plus it's getting FDA approval. Which I mean normally takes like a long time. I mean you're talking about possibly years but you know, yeah, they made me fast tracking into a certain extent. But I mean, you know like I said if there had been you know, a lot of negative reactions, they would have stopped the vaccine program were you know, put it on the delayed status. So I mean I'm fairly confident it will be okay um when it's available I'll get it. I mean available for me.
I mean I'd rather take a chicken, you know, small chance with the vaccine than get Covid. So that's the way I look at it. So
are you serious? Really? That was scary.
Have you had direct contact with them or anything?
huh.
Yeah. Are you
feeling well? I mean you don't feel sick or anything or?
Thank
you. You
just
that's good. Yeah. I mean I haven't had any symptoms whatsoever and I have no reason to think I've been around anybody that was positive. So that's the thing that was thanksgiving, you know, coming up, I really wasn't planning
on going anywhere, but my sister
asked me twice to come to her area, she's in um, she's around Pittsburgh, you know, I think they have more cases, actually, probably in that state, but um, I don't know, I mean, my parents are elderly, you know, my dad has dementia and stuff, so I don't know. I mean, I sort of think I should go. Um, yeah, I mean, I don't think any of us have it, so, you know, that's one of those things you have to sort of your best judgment. I mean, so, because, I mean, I was planning to go up there for christmas anyway, so, but
But like I said, I'm pretty sure
my parents have just like basically been at home. I mean, other than going to an occasional doctors and, you know, their family, you know, her and my brother in love and working from home.
So, you know, they're not, they're probably not contagious. The only one that might possibly, you know, my two nephews are you, no one's going to college and the other ones in the workforce. So, you know, they're the only potential possible carriers. You know, look, I said, I haven't heard anything about anyone being sick or anything like that. So it's probably okay. So anyway,
that's
it. It's like, you know, you either, I mean, I don't believe in covering in fear.
I mean, you know what's going to happen is going to happen. You can take reasonable precaution. I'm not
going to sit at home for like months at the time, you know, it's just, you know, that's not good either. Yeah. Anyway, so it's your mom that's in the hospital or wet.
that's right. Is he older or younger?
Wow. Yeah, it's tough. Right? Yeah. Anyway. Uh huh. So you don't have a text in fact center
you in Dallas Native or?
Yeah, like younger people like them tend to have, you know, regional accents that much. Anyway. I mean, I think the southern accent in general is dying out. It's probably the same elected texas accent. I don't know. So
Yeah.
Yeah.
I am in the six myself,
but I mean I'm
not from here, so I've just been living here
about the last 15 years. I don't like it when you, when you used to, the city is pretty boring to live out in the country. I mean the most, you're like a big farmer type or something, which I'm not
any
money.
I mean
you know what I would say if I was married or something you know but I'm
not so it's just it's just sort of tall you know I mean it's like everything is a hassle. I mean I would much prefer to be you know in a more city environment so that's kind of the plan you know? Yeah that's hard when you're in your own
house. I mean I don't think I could sell this house for as much money as I paid for it and that's a deterrent. I mean you know when you spend a lot of money on something you don't want to give it away. So mm. Anyway so do you have a car or anything or how do you commute
realm?
Oh that's good. I had a job like that once when I
when I first moved to the D.
C. Area I lived in Arlington and I walk to work it was like it was farther than seven minutes but it wasn't too far. It was probably like about a
15 minute walk. I
mean we had a car but like I I uh there was no really
point
and
I'm going
to do
when it was close enough to walk. So
Anyway I think we have about four minutes
so I'll be really glad to like get this 15. But because the last few times, the last few times I told you the last few times that I've done this like the person never showed up. So I was like Oh man. I mean you know you get that like dollar 50 or whatever for participating for like you know it's not the same.
So. But I yeah I've got some interesting people doing this. I mean
it's kind
of fun and something different so. Nothing really.
I don't I don't mind the surveys too much. The ones I don't like her when they like throw a bunch of math questions in there. I'm not getting back. I don't like trying to get the stuff. I just like put anything down pretty much because
I'm not gonna math. I don't like doing it and it's like, you know, a lot of times it does. It's not even germane to this survey. I mean it's not really relevant. Why are they doing that? I don't know. Um you know, I don't know prolific is a lot better than most survey sites though because at least, you know, you rarely get kicked out of them and also you know, they tend to pay more, you know like love. We're short. I mean I
think it's a lot better than 99% of the survey sites. Out of their actual out there. How long have you been on politic?
Well how did you how did you hear about it? Because not everybody knows about it.
No prolific.
Yeah. I was on a
I was once on a site you know where you post you could post and like make money or whatever. And what would be one of the sites was it was like a workers on board site and a lot of people were on the site so I thought I decided to check it out. Yes but pretty good. I mean I've made like probably close to $2,000 on here just by doing stuff like this. You know another
survey and things. So and that's I mean I don't know it's like 1500 something
UK But you know when you you know when you put the currency Yeah. Yeah it's a lot more money so I mean it might not be 2000 and they might be like more like 1800. But I mean still it's good. I mean I've been doing it longer than a year though. I think it's been more like probably three years for me
so
yeah I like it. I check it all the time. I mean and I'm here you know I'm here at home most of the time so it's like you know I get you know I got a lot of surveys so You have about one more minute. Did you come exactly at 3?
Thank
you.
well let's just talk like two minutes more just to make sure that we've covered the bases and then we can probably check off. So anyway,
do you live in an apartment or what house?
On your brothers and sisters. How many brothers and sisters do you have? Like three? You said? Okay. Are you the oldest one or?
Yeah.
Or
are they
home? All
You know,
you must have help out without a lot, then.
I
don't know.
I'm sorry. Doesn't sound Tibet Well, do you get your chromebooks and stuff like that from the school system or how does that work?
All right,
I guess we're done
set. All right. Thanks. Bye. Bye.