SPEAKER_L: I think Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Check this out. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. You never? Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you mm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Took her. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh book Oh. Oh yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: we're here early. Yea I can't like Harley to your head a little bit a little bit high.
SPEAKER_L: sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I believe I'm not. Tonight has been helped my webcam. I have an add on webcam because when I bought my laptop I didn't know it was a security issue with the job I had. So there's no camera in there so I had an add on camera on the top of the line on the same day. The U. S. B. Drive has been crazy. I've been playing with the camera for the last hour. I finally figured out that it was support thing that but sport, you have new equipment, don't you? Yeah. Anyway I'm Wendy. Do you have?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I can hear it was a little quiet. I'm gonna turn the volume a little bit. There we go. Got that.
SPEAKER_R: The name
SPEAKER_L: I'm sean nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet, you argue with that
SPEAKER_L: Uh I live in Chicago
SPEAKER_R: Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: room. Big
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: city.
SPEAKER_R: credit? No he knows because are you in the good part of Chicago or the crazy for Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: I'm on the north side, so pretty quiet.
SPEAKER_R: Okay because I know uh that's from Chicago I was like oh that's terrible and they're like oh nothing goes on here.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I just think
SPEAKER_L: like any city, it's got like all kinds of different areas, you know? Um But yeah for the most part like I'm originally from the East Coast, so moving out here has been pretty pretty fun. In fact there's
SPEAKER_R: so your
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: face went away on the picture, don't don't walk out but your face went away
SPEAKER_L: okay you can still hear me though right
SPEAKER_R: right? But I can't see you. That's
SPEAKER_L: It's still recording I don't know if it's just like a connectivity issue or something
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: okay, we're talking. Uh huh. Okay. So um where were you from? The East Coast?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Connecticut.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I lived in new Hampshire for quite a while. Oh yeah I was born and raised in Maryland right outside of D. C. Which you would think when somebody says out of Chicago I wouldn't be shocked you know? And uh so you can't see me, I know what you're recording but you can't see me at all now.
SPEAKER_L: I can see you here
SPEAKER_R: Oh I just can't see you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I can see fine you can hear me could be a connection thing, I don't know anything going on. It's like kind of stormy here. I don't know if that's affecting
SPEAKER_R: Well we're not hanging out because I've had to sink telling me like six times but we're not hanging up.
SPEAKER_L: we're muscle through this.
SPEAKER_R: Well we're getting 25 minutes out of this. Yeah sorry? Andrew a better left last. But we're
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: doing this.
SPEAKER_L: uh you were saying your group outside D. C. And you lived in new Hampshire for a while So where you living now?
SPEAKER_R: Um I live so I moved when I when I grew up I I moved away and then my father needed help because he had Asperger's syndrome which we didn't know about until like he was much older.
SPEAKER_L: Hm.
SPEAKER_R: And so you have like a lot of coping a shoes especially after my mother last. And so I came back. He basically hired a private investigator to find me because I was trying to live my own life.
SPEAKER_L: Whoa
SPEAKER_R: He found me that moment paid like five brands like find me because I was really like trying to like live my own life and so he needed me to agree to come back home and I came back here in 2000 and I came to Virginia. I kind of crept my way back over the border into D. c. and Maryland. And I took care of my dad for 13 years in Prince George's County. Which makes why the north side Chicago will carry miles part of Prince George's County but it's extremely violent.
SPEAKER_L: No I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: Yes so when he like I tried to creep my way like I tried moving in northern Virginia like so I could still drop like a 30 30 minutes to come to see my dad and help him but it wasn't good enough. He needed me in Prince George's County. So he passed away in 2014 and as soon as he did I'm telling you the paper wasn't even dry like he wasn't even buried and we were telling that house and um so then I went into Charles county which is the next county over which is was a little milder but not right there you are. Hi again. Oh so isn't
SPEAKER_L: please
SPEAKER_R: that different? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So then I went to Charles county and then I got sick and I was not able to work for a while. So I moved in with family in ST mary's County, which is even further out in the country and I'm talking like no prize further out the country I was and like the first child life, I never had to lock my doors, my truck never gets lost, I won't give you my address. Not because maybe, but they were fantastic. Like it's amazing because I grew up in this area was so high stress. We're like, you could get carjacked, like bringing your groceries into the, into the house, somebody like rob you Do. I literally come home at 12:00 PM, walk around my property and I'm like, there's no problem. It's wonderful. You know, so you know, really grateful for that. Really great.
SPEAKER_L: so you've really been taking this opportunity to kind of relax and just take it easy?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I have lupus, which is the autoimmunities. Are you familiar with? What that is?
SPEAKER_L: I'm familiar with lupus. I know there's like a lot of symptoms and it's hard to diagnose and
SPEAKER_R: It really is. It took them 10 years. Um I'm the police department until 2010 and I started getting sick and getting really bad migraines. And then they did I think they thought I had lines or something And so they they did a test they just test that in my my anti nuclear antibodies came back positive. And that was like the beginning of the end of the law enforcement. And they kind of have a double strand D. N. A. A lot of stress related. And so getting out of that was kind of really good for me because it was really stressful. But I think a lot of where I grew up in just a constant stress probably did jacket my D. N. A little but I am no one's science major but I think it did I have a degree in criminal justice and a master of the homeland Security nothing to do with it whatsoever.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say like, oh yeah, you must be in a field with a lot of security issues. You were talking about your work, having certain security standards.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this this did right now currently I'm actually transitioning and trying to go back into entrepreneurial work because I really don't want to be out in the field again. I don't want to be back in law enforcement. All this stuff that you see in the media. True it's true.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you hoping to transition to to kind of use your skills?
SPEAKER_R: Well um believe it or not but after I left law enforcement my picture had started cleaning company and she was like really straggling and she doesn't have any kind of education that she didn't have to write like contracts or you like really negotiate. So I helped her with that and I ended up opening my own cleaning company which I did for four years until I got sick again. So I'm hoping that if I get the lupatech under control and go back into that because I was a third in the D. C. Area. So I would like to, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I am a product designer. Um
SPEAKER_R: Private desire? What kind of products
SPEAKER_L: uh just about like anything, like I worked for a consultancy for a while. I've had a bunch of different jobs, like designing all kinds of different stuff and the studio I worked for closed at the end of last year. So right now I'm like in between jobs and
SPEAKER_R: I was unemployed with. What dreams
SPEAKER_L: basically, yeah, yeah, yeah. So like I'm doing some stuff like, like a lot of stuff going on right now, so like this is kind of a weird time to be
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: in that phase.
SPEAKER_R: opportunity time. But it's also weird transition time. Like this is a really bad time. We try. I thought when this all started I was like oh good cause like when Covid hit everybody was like basically grounded and so you kind of like oh I got always trying to figure this out when trump said two weeks. I was like oh bs you know because I have a mass in the homeland security. So I knew it wasn't two weeks right? I told my room and I said we need to go buy toilet paper laid out the toilet paper. I was like no honey, this is science, you need toilet paper, This is not ending in 14 days because Trump said it sending it for today. So you know of course it didn't. So I thought oh this would be a really good time to get grounded and maybe redirect. But it hasn't been because our resources aren't open either. So you know there's not like a lot of government agencies that because I qualify for doors which is rehabilitative services uh you know to the government because I'm gonna schedule laid the table. Normally this would be a fantastic kind of transition to find a government job. But it's not because nobody is there his resumes and nobody's home, they don't just send you back a resume or email like hey you just nobody is home, it's really difficult
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because like, I mean, I know, so like like with the studio I worked for closing at the end of last year, it's sort of like if it had to weather what was coming, like the studio worked for would not have survived. So it's sort of like, it's like a blessing in disguise, but also like so much has slowed down. So exactly like you're saying, it's sort of like there's this great opportunity because a lot of places are going to be like rethinking how they do stuff and
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you are
SPEAKER_L: exploring new opportunities, but at the same time, exactly you're saying start around, people are getting kind of scared and everything is kind of like contracting. So like I've seen a little bit more activity lately, but for the past couple of months it's been kind of quiet and I'm also in the position of trying to figure out like what am I going to do next? You know, it's kind of a scary, scary
SPEAKER_R: and you're
SPEAKER_L: place
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: to be.
SPEAKER_R: you can pride transition.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, like, I mean I'm trying to like, so if you think about it, there's like the people who do like the very straightforward like physical product making, like, so I've traditionally done a lot of that like physical products, how they're made, how they feel, how you use them. And so now I'm trying to sort of leverage my skills to kind of move into more of the strategic side of design, like how we should make experiences in general and stuff like that because you know.
SPEAKER_R: because that's you know, I think a lot of what we're going into is an experiential side of life, because I think we're so locked down that we're craving experiences. And I mean, I'm like terrified because I was telling this one guy before my video went out yesterday that I was never really a video person. I never did video chatting. This is all very difficult for me. Like I don't like watching things like our catholic churches, like we're only like half of people allowed in our church now. And so like people aren't going to mass and I'm not really getting it, like even going to church, I can't really enjoy that anymore. And it's just really difficult. You know, like lately I've been zooming with my mother who I'm never gonna see again because she's in Florida, oh my hot mess. She's down there, 70 people working at a food bank, right?
SPEAKER_L: whoa,
SPEAKER_R: Why? I'm I'm severe covered in my house and my mother was like every day she's yelling people, she doesn't know 250 people and she doesn't care, Mama doesn't care, she's an Italian woman, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I would say no more italian family. I did it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, she mama doesn't care, mama's feeling what mama wants to do. So I was and I believe that my mom was, my grandmother would say you're not gonna hang if you're meant to drown, but I think my mom is gonna be fine.
SPEAKER_L: very good. You're meant to the ground,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my grandmother, my great grandmother used to always say that and I and I'm like yeah mom, but that's like leaving a lot of the state, you know? So if I want to be part of a truck, do you mean I'm not going to get hit?
SPEAKER_L: I'm invincible because it's not the way it was meant to go. Yeah, yes, my
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: my partner's parents, they both got infected with Covid um
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: thankfully it was a mild case and they both recovered um but that was kind of, my great aunt passed away from Covid. Uh
SPEAKER_R: No. Was she Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no that these are all in Connecticut, so that's kind of and then my mom is a nurse and so she's been exposed several times but she's been okay
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_L: and kind of getting through it, but it's just sort of, she also may have had like a really minor case early on, he doesn't really know because they haven't had tests for her in Connecticut
SPEAKER_R: I suspect that I had it early on because I was on hydroxychloroquine, which you know, this is one of the things I do agree with trump on is that that craft works okay. But I was off the hydroxychloroquine for a couple months because my doctor said, oh yeah, you can take a break because you have so much in your system. And my roommate started getting like a bad dry cough back in january. And it went on for like half, half a month and I start getting like the really a key muscles. I think I may have already had it. Um, but I don't know that you can't get it again, like your mom, you know, like she's had all these exposures and this is the first time I've been terrified because I went into a lupus flare because I went off my partners and I mean, for as soon as covid hit like March 11th, I went off my predniSONE and I was getting my mind, I was seeing as wicked migraines again. Remember the migraines I was telling you about that, took law enforcement. Let's get those migraines again. So finally last week I was like, I can't do it anymore. I'm going through all my migraine medication. I was doing my migraine shots, nothing was working out stumping around like a drunken donkey and I couldn't drive. You know, I don't, I don't like that. Not all around here. Not driving is a big deal because we're 20 we're 20 minutes from a walmart. Uber doesn't Uber. You know, I have $100 in my Uber account right now, okay. And I can't go and I can press from like, and they're like, oh, Uber is coming and then they see where you live in the camp, on you. So not be able to drive it like a humongous deal around here. And so I started back in my pregnancy and I've been on my predniSONE for like a week and I've had to take panics even tonight to calm me down because the pregnancy and moving through the roof, the very first time I've been terrified of this virus because now I'm not on the hydroxychloroquine regularly right now. I'm also on the predniSONE. And so I'm like, I just became a 75 year old lady essentially. As far as what I like, my freedom went from what I could do anything. I want to, oh shit, I don't have any fish sticks. I can't get
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: the story it.
SPEAKER_L: like if you don't mind me asking like what are the, what are the things that somebody with lupus like deals with on a daily basis? Like what do you have to work through as dealing with this uh disease?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so mood swings are a big one. Brain fog a stream joint pain. No, there's a history as he is called rheumatoid arthritis. They actually destroy your joints, Lucas doesn't destroy the joints, but it's 12 into the point, we're just like when I'm in a bad with Clark came and take my fingers and touch them together like that the pain is just so bad when I'm in a really bad because claire, I like lay in a fetal position on my bed and I can't talk. Um are you familiar with chronic fatigue syndrome?
SPEAKER_L: A little bit, not a lot,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so they don't know a whole lot about where it comes from, but they think it's like an over exertion. Like it's an immune issue attacks your your immune system and basically you can become trying to teach like, like I just really hope 20 best friend who's really just we've been friends for 14 years and she's just found my life my last nerve right now, you know, because she's had diabetes like forever. And she's but she's also very privileged came from a very wealthy family, you know, like she has mineral rights. So if she gets paid for every month, but she has a PhD she's doing really well, you know, So she thinks because she had that situation that I have her situation, you know? And so like yesterday she she texted me and she's like how are you doing? It's like I'm not doing great. And I know that if I don't text her back enough, she'll like call the cops to the house because she's worried, you know? Which I understand but I don't want I don't feel good, I don't want to have a conversation, right? And so like finally like I got a call this one I got a texture and I just went off on her. So I get this message coming at 7:00 this morning which I acted like I didn't even get. Yeah. Uh she was telling
SPEAKER_L: Shit
SPEAKER_R: me how I shouldn't give in and blah blah blah blah blah. And I just didn't have the energy to even have a conversation with her when my lupus is like a bad flare status, I can't really have a good conversation when it's anything confrontational. Um lupus also attacks your organs, attacks your heart, attacks your lungs, attacks your liver. Um It can attack anything for women and women have a lot of miscarriages when they have lupus. Um One of the big ones that I don't have is that I don't have that butterfly rash which actually gave them made it hard for them to diagnose because I didn't have it. Um But a lot of people would say they can't go out in the sun because there's a butterfly rash already run their face and it doesn't hurt. You would think of her because it looks painful, but from everything I've been told it is not painful. Um So it basically what it does is it makes your immune system, your immune system gets a reactive and it attacks everything in your body. Um And so that's why people take predniSONE and they blow up like a whale. I'm so mad because last week my face has probably gotten down the tiny and now the chin is bag.
SPEAKER_L: That's okay, you're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: taking care of yourself,
SPEAKER_R: I hate this. I told my mom, I was like, I got to pull my hair back now because my face is sit around and I was like, my face is burning your pretty anywhere. She's like, your face is beautiful every day. I'm like mom, I used to wear a size small police uniform. Don't lie actually so much. It's a tough disease. It really is. Um, people can live a normal life if they have certain parts, their DNA are okay and other people that kills like pretty quick. So I've had it for at least 10 years, Maybe 11 years, I think. Um and it's pretty much destroyed my life, but I'm I'm still fighting, I'm still fighting.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. And so I mean there's like I imagine there's like you were saying there's a lot of medications to take in order to regulate it, so that's uh
SPEAKER_R: gosh. I hope I have a whole dresser drawer. My top dresser drawer is not my regular clothes. It's literally just vitamins, medication. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well you know that's that's really uh wow, it's like that's a lot too because I've heard of the disease and I know it's very hard to diagnose but like yeah, that's a lot to put through, but I'm glad that you're I'm glad that you're in a place, especially where you can be comfortable and like at least be out in a very comfortable and relaxing space.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah. This has helped so much. So I'm getting a little nervous my and bring it down. There's a lovely chat. You'll never forget. I had one successful chat with a PhD student and she was nervous when I was finding because I was on a predniSONE.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well, please all whatsoever. But,
SPEAKER_R: Get over stimulated.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: Is that you take predniSONE?
SPEAKER_L: no, but I mean in a minor, I have like bad allergies, like there can be times where like all of a sudden my body just decides you're not doing anything today because you're allergic to everything but pales
SPEAKER_R: What do you?
SPEAKER_L: in comparison. Um It seems to be like uh pollen dust mold, like the basic stuff, you know?
SPEAKER_R: into small ragweed and I've got, you know what? They finally realized I had, I had lupus from it because I developed very quickly developed the allergy to latex. Yeah, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: and that's a bad one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I actually, when I was in grad school um I met an individual who was allergic to gluten and poultry.
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead. Alpha gal.
SPEAKER_L: I get like he and it was, he was deathly allergic to both. Like he would have instantly go into shock,
SPEAKER_R: I have a friend who's, like, she said, she only thinks she can eat is ice chips and she's skinny as a rail. He's got off a gal, like I spray bug spray on me every kind of go outside because I'm so terrified of that alpha gal and Maryland. There's a high kick state because like you get lyme disease or alpha gal very easily here. I've killed myself, I was wanted to
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: poultry. My brother in law is allergic to it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like, like, so he had a very restrictive diet and I remember the crazy thing was like, what was it he would basically eat, like Eminem's and steak like that, those are the only two things he could eat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, people think, oh, you're just crazy, you just want to um and it is a state, but that's how your body can handle. Like my roommate has altered polite and she made broccoli today. She can't eat that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: And people
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: strange.
SPEAKER_R: airports. Yeah, we're like, oh wow. She you know, she doesn't want to eat her broccoli. You know, she can't eat her broke but you're blocking will throw her into a flare
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and then we won't see her for five months. You know,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's a real, real
SPEAKER_R: making
SPEAKER_L: scary
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: thing. And like, he was telling me one time how he like made white rice with butter in his apartment and all of a sudden he started going into an allergic shock. I mean, for a lot of people, you know, he says it's a scary thing. It happens to him so often that he's just like,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: he like quickly says to his roommate, like call the hospital, like here's my EpiPen, you know? And
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: then like,
SPEAKER_R: been reaching different for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and he said like at that time he went to the hospital, he had already used his EpiPen like eight or 12 times that year.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he said that, which is not good.
SPEAKER_R: I can see here countertop at once,
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no, not that many other.
SPEAKER_R: Times within three hours. But I used 12 at three times a year easily, easily.
SPEAKER_L: And then he was saying how he explained to his doctor who was very familiar with this case, he's like, oh it was, it was white rice and a little bit of butter and the doctor was like, oh well I guess your body is just going to do that sometimes and it's
SPEAKER_R: they have what's called an allergy top. It's for like on days. Okay. So um your body telling your immune system can only handle so many allergies. So if you if you if you like have a whole bunch of pollen and ragweed and and does if you take, if I take Benadryl, I'm less sensitive to to my other allergies. But if I our mixed up is all the way full o shit is over and you should be mindful that you should take Benadryl as well.
SPEAKER_L: I do, I do take it pretty regularly for
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: good to know, I didn't know about that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Look up your allergy cup. It's it's a term. I know people don't like using those on medical terms. Like, oh, I've I've got this issue, I'm so frail you can't be around me. But I bet you that that butter was probably made in a farm that had like goats or some kind of poultry or chicken or something
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: possible.
SPEAKER_R: it. And that's where they got it from. Or they bought that butter and cream my hair down. They brought that butter is somebody at the store had probably touched chicken.
SPEAKER_L: Could be that too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's so like, because by the late technology, even when do you get stuck in the store, I have to wipe everything down to alcohol, which was fantastic because like open hit, nobody had alcohol and alcohol.
SPEAKER_L: alcohol queen. Right.
SPEAKER_R: And I got a bucket, a bucket
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: of hand sanitizer and not to keep craft distillery was making. I had the good shit, the germ X. We actually have three buckets of the house when when I went just hit and I never go anywhere now because the president says I'm not using a lot. Yeah, I had a bucket of had alcohol and and that is that your friend was actually somebody actually cross contaminated them.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Would you?
SPEAKER_L: very possible.
SPEAKER_R: You know, because you have no warning.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he would he would have to like, especially being in a college, it was really difficult for him because he would always say like he always tried to clear the food, like was this any poultry, anything like that, and I said, oh yeah you're safe. And then he would like break out and like going to shock.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like with latex clothes, everybody's wearing them now when they're at the stores. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: don't even think about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I feel that I care is, you know, I I even like email our governor and president trouble. Like could you say something about these latex gloves? You know because all these people you know the other is already dangerous enough for us you know So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't even think about that because that is such a popular item, that's everywhere, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Well we got some comment under skin allergies with other unearthed yet. Where'd
SPEAKER_L: wait,
SPEAKER_R: you said
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: where is your mother a nurse at?
SPEAKER_L: she is an oncology nurse at ST Francis hospital in Connecticut and Hartford. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't do it.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, so my mom took like God she took the hardest route to be a nurse, she started in hospice care and
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: then switch
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: today?
SPEAKER_L: oncology and so it was
SPEAKER_R: My friend dying people to people who might die.
SPEAKER_L: it's a little
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: bit better.
SPEAKER_R: father. Hispanics almost. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It like it was interesting, it's interesting like being a kid like because especially like a single mother, like she deals with that all day and then like your problems as like a teenager or like, like absolutely nothing, you know?
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: So it's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: like, it's just
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like shut up, like that's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: our problem.
SPEAKER_R: fuck it up buddy problems. You should see the problem with the people I deal with.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Like it gets really tough for her when like, you know, when she, you know, especially when she takes care of people now and like, like my brother is in his late 20s, you know, I'm in my early 30 like, and so like when she takes care of people our age, like, you know, she gets really tough about it, you know, trying
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to make sure taking care of ourselves, which we do. But I mean like, you know, she gets
SPEAKER_R: well let
SPEAKER_L: sensitive
SPEAKER_R: me ask
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: your mother's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: warning, avoid all the stress you can because if you have allergies you may have a precursor for immune issue avoid all the stress. You can I don't care if you have to sit there and do a S. M. R. On your radio
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: here anyway.
SPEAKER_L: done a little bit. I'm definitely sensitive to it.
SPEAKER_R: Holy crap I love Sm. Yeah that that girl gentle whispering
SPEAKER_L: Hm
SPEAKER_R: her name is she's on Youtube. Her name is gentle with brain. She's a hot hot chick um from Russia. But she has a perfect american accent. I mean she's got she told us and I actually have I downloaded all her stuff on Itunes. Love her love with this one called Task before nat and or taps for your naps. And another one. I love doing the hairdressing ones. Are you like here people get their hair cut so if
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you want
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: to do some kind of you know I think for that do that.
SPEAKER_L: I do a lot of attention to try to keep stress all kind of phobics. It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you don't
SPEAKER_L: been effective.
SPEAKER_R: you can tell I don't do a lot of meditation right?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I have literally on Xanax right now.
SPEAKER_L: hey, we do what we have to stay alive, writes crazy times.
SPEAKER_R: with but I love that smR that that was a Godsend. I don't remember how I realized I discovered that. But holy crap, I love that stuff. And if you do it on ITunes because I'm not paying for Youtube. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I discovered I didn't know what it was called, but remember in middle school, like I discovered later on that that was like the reaction to it. Because remember like in like a computer class when I was in middle school, there was somebody who would like sing under their breath like next to me and like that, like that like gentle noise, I was like, wow, like I feel like really calm for some reason, like I couldn't figure it out. And then, yeah, and then I discovered like the s and I was like, oh okay, like I'm sensitive to this, like reaction was like okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's all of the tangles you're getting, the tangles are often.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I get it like in the small of my back, like very aggressively. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes, I found one for a cat purring and it actually put me on my cat to sleep and if I put my head I am in trouble because I can't control the reaction.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: It's like
SPEAKER_L: now now I'm forced to ask what kind of cat do you have? What the cat's name?
SPEAKER_R: oh it's a it's a calico and his name is tubby, which is, his government name is Harley, But he's 20 lbs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have a cat is a like a ragamuffin cat. So it's like a mid length hair and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: his name is Quincy. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: We've discovered that he is eight there, which is interesting. Mhm. It's very playful cat for his age though. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: taking on a second, my battery thing.
SPEAKER_L: of course, of course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this is like my 10th cat.
SPEAKER_L: I grew up with a lot of cats, but only the first cat, like I own quick as an adult.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, once you have one though there, so addicting.
SPEAKER_L: My grandma, Yeah, my grandma was like one of those people takes care of stray cats has a bunch of cats in the house, that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you got to watch it because once a half I was volunteering at an animal shelter for a while like in 2012 and I was bringing home a lot and thankfully most of them are going back out. But it it doesn't take much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean we like having them around I think especially like in these times like it's kind of nice having just a little something extra round to keep things a little different. Are you able to work from home with your current job?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Not really. Not really. I'm really hoping, I'm really hoping to get something in the government out if I haven't mastered the Homeland Security and this slouch, you know, score pretty high,
SPEAKER_L: I know you've done all the work. Why not take advantage of it? Right.
SPEAKER_R: highly credentialed, highly unemployed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, yeah. That masters of green design and uh you know,
SPEAKER_R: Master disaster is what
SPEAKER_L: that's what it feels like sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: masters of nothing is what I've done. Like what I've been, I think that I should well I don't know going into law enforcement most good because it taught me a lot and I definitely know more about people's right now, but I wish I hadn't taken a detour. I should have just done something professional from the beginning. But people can't tell you that when you're in your twenties, you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even I kind of regret the first couple of jobs I took like a designer, like what kind of locks you in? Like those first couple of jobs really color Like kind of professional people think you are. So like the jobs I took out of convenience, like paint me as one type of person. But I'm actually another and it's like I'm already fighting against that presumption.
SPEAKER_R: right? Like so let's say like I want to just take a job at Mcdonald's now, people have would tell me like, oh, you're too qualified or, you know, it's like, you can't redirect your right? You get locked into, it's kind of like actors and actresses to get locked into their their their roles once you're there, you're there. Well, we're gonna do something. Covid might actually give blessing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, you know, you never know there could be a lot of great opportunities. Let's just hope everybody can stay safe and healthy. Well, before that happens.
SPEAKER_R: I just hope it ends soon. I really do. It's getting so and like for people like your mom, you've got to be terrified every day of your damn life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, thankfully, you know, she's able, she has protective gear and stuff like that. But still, you know, it all it takes is that little that little exposure. That's a little bit too much. Um But you know, I'm hoping that maybe by the end of the year things will start shaping up. Who knows? But anyway, it's been fantastic talking to you Wendy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I've had a great time, look so glad to work out. That's what we do. Is we just it's not picking us off. I guess. We just close it out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean you can talk we can talk longer or whatever. I mean we've definitely talked for the required amount of like a little over the required amount of time. So you know, if you want to go ahead and we can go to our post talk surveys and the do
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: all that. All right. All right. Well it was lovely meeting you and yeah, I wish you the best.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Remember shape and don't be stressed. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to do that. Thank you very much.
SPEAKER_R: you're welcome, honey, Have a
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: good night,
SPEAKER_L: too. Bye
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: bye.