I think Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Check this out. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. You never? Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you mm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Took her. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh book Oh. Oh yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
sorry about that.
Right. Yeah, I can hear it was a little quiet. I'm gonna turn the volume a little bit. There we go. Got that.
I'm sean nice to meet you.
Uh I live in Chicago
room. Big
city.
I'm on the north side, so pretty quiet.
It's
like any city, it's got like all kinds of different areas, you know? Um But yeah for the most part like I'm originally from the East Coast, so moving out here has been pretty pretty fun. In fact there's
like
okay you can still hear me though right
It's still recording I don't know if it's just like a connectivity issue or something
but
I'm from Connecticut.
I can see you here
yeah I can see fine you can hear me could be a connection thing, I don't know anything going on. It's like kind of stormy here. I don't know if that's affecting
we're muscle through this.
so
uh you were saying your group outside D. C. And you lived in new Hampshire for a while So where you living now?
Hm.
Whoa
No I haven't.
please
Uh huh.
so you've really been taking this opportunity to kind of relax and just take it easy?
I'm familiar with lupus. I know there's like a lot of symptoms and it's hard to diagnose and
I was gonna say like, oh yeah, you must be in a field with a lot of security issues. You were talking about your work, having certain security standards.
So what are you hoping to transition to to kind of use your skills?
I am a product designer. Um
uh just about like anything, like I worked for a consultancy for a while. I've had a bunch of different jobs, like designing all kinds of different stuff and the studio I worked for closed at the end of last year. So right now I'm like in between jobs and
basically, yeah, yeah, yeah. So like I'm doing some stuff like, like a lot of stuff going on right now, so like this is kind of a weird time to be
in that phase.
Yeah, because like, I mean, I know, so like like with the studio I worked for closing at the end of last year, it's sort of like if it had to weather what was coming, like the studio worked for would not have survived. So it's sort of like, it's like a blessing in disguise, but also like so much has slowed down. So exactly like you're saying, it's sort of like there's this great opportunity because a lot of places are going to be like rethinking how they do stuff and
like
exploring new opportunities, but at the same time, exactly you're saying start around, people are getting kind of scared and everything is kind of like contracting. So like I've seen a little bit more activity lately, but for the past couple of months it's been kind of quiet and I'm also in the position of trying to figure out like what am I going to do next? You know, it's kind of a scary, scary
place
to be.
Yeah, yeah, like, I mean I'm trying to like, so if you think about it, there's like the people who do like the very straightforward like physical product making, like, so I've traditionally done a lot of that like physical products, how they're made, how they feel, how you use them. And so now I'm trying to sort of leverage my skills to kind of move into more of the strategic side of design, like how we should make experiences in general and stuff like that because you know.
whoa,
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I would say no more italian family. I did it.
very good. You're meant to the ground,
I'm invincible because it's not the way it was meant to go. Yeah, yes, my
my partner's parents, they both got infected with Covid um
thankfully it was a mild case and they both recovered um but that was kind of, my great aunt passed away from Covid. Uh
no, no, no that these are all in Connecticut, so that's kind of and then my mom is a nurse and so she's been exposed several times but she's been okay
and kind of getting through it, but it's just sort of, she also may have had like a really minor case early on, he doesn't really know because they haven't had tests for her in Connecticut
so
like if you don't mind me asking like what are the, what are the things that somebody with lupus like deals with on a daily basis? Like what do you have to work through as dealing with this uh disease?
A little bit, not a lot,
Shit
That's okay, you're
just
taking care of yourself,
that's good. And so I mean there's like I imagine there's like you were saying there's a lot of medications to take in order to regulate it, so that's uh
well you know that's that's really uh wow, it's like that's a lot too because I've heard of the disease and I know it's very hard to diagnose but like yeah, that's a lot to put through, but I'm glad that you're I'm glad that you're in a place, especially where you can be comfortable and like at least be out in a very comfortable and relaxing space.
Oh well, please all whatsoever. But,
but
no, but I mean in a minor, I have like bad allergies, like there can be times where like all of a sudden my body just decides you're not doing anything today because you're allergic to everything but pales
in comparison. Um It seems to be like uh pollen dust mold, like the basic stuff, you know?
Mm.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually, when I was in grad school um I met an individual who was allergic to gluten and poultry.
I get like he and it was, he was deathly allergic to both. Like he would have instantly go into shock,
Well,
like, like, so he had a very restrictive diet and I remember the crazy thing was like, what was it he would basically eat, like Eminem's and steak like that, those are the only two things he could eat.
it's
so
strange.
it's
yeah, it's a real, real
scary
thing. And like, he was telling me one time how he like made white rice with butter in his apartment and all of a sudden he started going into an allergic shock. I mean, for a lot of people, you know, he says it's a scary thing. It happens to him so often that he's just like,
he like quickly says to his roommate, like call the hospital, like here's my EpiPen, you know? And
then like,
Yeah, and he said like at that time he went to the hospital, he had already used his EpiPen like eight or 12 times that year.
Yeah, he said that, which is not good.
no, no, no, not that many other.
And then he was saying how he explained to his doctor who was very familiar with this case, he's like, oh it was, it was white rice and a little bit of butter and the doctor was like, oh well I guess your body is just going to do that sometimes and it's
I do, I do take it pretty regularly for
stuff like that.
That's
good to know, I didn't know about that.
That's
possible.
Could be that too. Yeah.
alcohol queen. Right.
Uh huh.
It's
very possible.
Yeah, he would he would have to like, especially being in a college, it was really difficult for him because he would always say like he always tried to clear the food, like was this any poultry, anything like that, and I said, oh yeah you're safe. And then he would like break out and like going to shock.
don't even think about that. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't even think about that because that is such a popular item, that's everywhere, wow.
wait,
I'm sorry,
she is an oncology nurse at ST Francis hospital in Connecticut and Hartford. Yeah.
Well yeah, so my mom took like God she took the hardest route to be a nurse, she started in hospice care and
then switch
to
oncology and so it was
it's a little
bit better.
It like it was interesting, it's interesting like being a kid like because especially like a single mother, like she deals with that all day and then like your problems as like a teenager or like, like absolutely nothing, you know?
So it's
like, it's just
like shut up, like that's
our problem.
exactly. Like it gets really tough for her when like, you know, when she, you know, especially when she takes care of people now and like, like my brother is in his late 20s, you know, I'm in my early 30 like, and so like when she takes care of people our age, like, you know, she gets really tough about it, you know, trying
to make sure taking care of ourselves, which we do. But I mean like, you know, she gets
sensitive
about
it.
I've
done a little bit. I'm definitely sensitive to it.
Hm
Thank
you.
I do a lot of attention to try to keep stress all kind of phobics. It's
been effective.
No,
hey, we do what we have to stay alive, writes crazy times.
I discovered I didn't know what it was called, but remember in middle school, like I discovered later on that that was like the reaction to it. Because remember like in like a computer class when I was in middle school, there was somebody who would like sing under their breath like next to me and like that, like that like gentle noise, I was like, wow, like I feel like really calm for some reason, like I couldn't figure it out. And then, yeah, and then I discovered like the s and I was like, oh okay, like I'm sensitive to this, like reaction was like okay.
exactly. I get it like in the small of my back, like very aggressively. Yeah.
Well
now now I'm forced to ask what kind of cat do you have? What the cat's name?
have a cat is a like a ragamuffin cat. So it's like a mid length hair and
his name is Quincy. Yeah. Yeah.
We've discovered that he is eight there, which is interesting. Mhm. It's very playful cat for his age though. Yeah,
of course, of course.
I grew up with a lot of cats, but only the first cat, like I own quick as an adult.
My grandma, Yeah, my grandma was like one of those people takes care of stray cats has a bunch of cats in the house, that kind of thing.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean we like having them around I think especially like in these times like it's kind of nice having just a little something extra round to keep things a little different. Are you able to work from home with your current job?
I know you've done all the work. Why not take advantage of it? Right.
yeah, yeah, yeah. That masters of green design and uh you know,
that's what it feels like sometimes.
Yeah. Even I kind of regret the first couple of jobs I took like a designer, like what kind of locks you in? Like those first couple of jobs really color Like kind of professional people think you are. So like the jobs I took out of convenience, like paint me as one type of person. But I'm actually another and it's like I'm already fighting against that presumption.
Yeah. You know, you know, you never know there could be a lot of great opportunities. Let's just hope everybody can stay safe and healthy. Well, before that happens.
Yeah, thankfully, you know, she's able, she has protective gear and stuff like that. But still, you know, it all it takes is that little that little exposure. That's a little bit too much. Um But you know, I'm hoping that maybe by the end of the year things will start shaping up. Who knows? But anyway, it's been fantastic talking to you Wendy.
Yeah. I mean you can talk we can talk longer or whatever. I mean we've definitely talked for the required amount of like a little over the required amount of time. So you know, if you want to go ahead and we can go to our post talk surveys and the do
all that. All right. All right. Well it was lovely meeting you and yeah, I wish you the best.
I'm going to do that. Thank you very much.
You
too. Bye
bye.