SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah
SPEAKER_L: All right. How are you
SPEAKER_R: all right can you just give me one second please? Ben? Oh yeah man you're gonna just to yeah that's one yeah yeah like lawyer company deal but I'm not aware what better. Yeah. So d yeah
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: where? Okay um so how are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well, I'm alright. I I've done this thing once before. Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I think twice, Twice, twice. But uh if I remember correctly uh this is the first one that is um recorded.
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: The other ones were just like uh live cats.
SPEAKER_L: gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of an interesting thing, just like talk to a stranger for a predetermined amount of time. What what made you sign up to do the thing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is interesting fact in interesting. Uh Well I was um in prolific because I was unemployed and I needed like some some cash. Uh Also I started this because I was unemployed and I was without work permission. I'm here in the States now I'm living in Maryland but I am from chile. Mm So I I arrived here in january and I have like a whole mess with my because I came here with a Visa. Well my wife is she's studying uh in here Master and a certain degree and we have a kind of Visa that allows me to work, but I had to ask for permission to work, so. And that is like a homeless, you have to send like a letter and a lot of stuff uh to texas by mail, and then you have to wait the answer back by mail to. And I had a lot of trouble with my social security number, so I wasn't able to work like until, I don't know, like a month ago. Uh I was like really in a hurry for for money, you know? So.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. So they finally got your visa stuff figured out are you working even though it's like Covid? Did you find something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, now I'm working as a shopper in whole foods. Uh Yeah, I mean, uh it's a good way to start. Uh It is a little bit risky. Yeah, because of Covid, but but yeah, I didn't have like all the choice now. I I got my driver's license so I'm waiting uh for for the state
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: to mail
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: it to me, but I already give all the tests and stuff. I hope like with my driver's license I could work as maybe like food delivery, that it is also like going outside, but I think that is less risky than being at the supermarket. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah and still I'm still trying to find working what I what I what I have studied for. Uh I have a battery physics and Master and well I'm a PhD candidate and I'm like lost in my pc's part, but I have studied like social science but with some uh some uh like data stuff I know how to program and some kind of stuff. So I think that I I could be able to get a work I don't know like maybe in a research facility or something. but it has been hard you know this year has been like very hard. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I moved right at the world exploding. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and how um how are you, how did you end up here in prolific and in this step?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Some similarity if I got a furloughed from my job because they closed down because of Covid. So I was also looking for extra money at the time. Um and I'm also a PhD candidate, but definitely not in physics. Um So, you know, with grad school, you're never making very much money so. Extra is appreciated.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Well maybe TD is not in physics, it's in social science. Yeah. Yeah. What
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: is your PhD?
SPEAKER_L: Clinical psychology So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Clinical psychology means uh therapy right? Like
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah so I am trained in therapy and then also in doing um like cognitive assessments like for dementia or um autism or learning disabilities that kind of stuff. Um But then I also do um like psycho physiology research with E. G. Uh E. K. G. Those kinds of things. Um Looking at like mood disorders, depression, anxiety all of that. Um And that's that's what my research side of things is focused on.
SPEAKER_R: mm Okay. You want to
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: what happened.
SPEAKER_R: into a research career like Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah ideally I would like to work in a university so that I can do teaching and research. Um But I also know that that's really hard to get into um in a lot of ways there's a lot of competition. So um if that doesn't work out I could do um I could do the testing stuff. Um like I do right now, I would probably do testing before I would do therapy because that part's
SPEAKER_R: Think.
SPEAKER_L: not my favorite. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but but here like a therapist because I know it's different you know until it for example if you study psychology you study like a five year career uh and that includes
SPEAKER_L: They did
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: a bachelor and then like some kind of specialization and then you are enabled to do therapy you know? But many manifests that are psychologists they told me like they are unable to do therapy but they really don't know how to do therapy because they are not prepared for that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it seems like there's a lot of um a lot of variability in the kinds of training that people get, like the program that I'm in is focused on um training like clinical scientists. So they want people that can like design and um evaluate interventions. Um rather than actually doing them one on one is sort of their their primary goal is kind of like create the therapy but not actually do it. So we don't do as much training and therapy as um like a practitioner um focused PhD
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: might,
SPEAKER_R: it and the practitioner will have like a different kind of ph d. Or we will have like uh some kind of different doctorate or or
SPEAKER_L: um a lot of people, it seems like if they do a practitioner focused PhD that actually do like a side and they don't do research but they do a doctorate in psychology um to be really focused on doing actual like therapy and stuff. Um But it seems like there there are also um like just regular PhD programs that are more focused on on training therapists as well. Um Mind just happens to be one that's more focused on the science aspect. Um But I do know people that do like their masters in psychology or in counseling or social work or whatever, like their whole entire schooling is about how to do therapy. Um And so they get a lot more like hours of practice before they're out and doing it and mine like therapy is just a small portion of what we're expected to learn and do. Um So yeah, I could relate to feeling like I wasn't prepared to go out and be a therapist, but I've done it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What is your social science what specifically? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's difficult to define because. Well the program was a new program. I was part of the first generation of the program. And the program the program title is social complexity. And it is like pointed to like in general like to do social science but with some with some different things that the typical sociology or economy uh research. Uh We we use a lot of um methods like I don't know like I don't know if methods from data science and all that kind of stuff computational social science. Uh We do a lot of um we also have uh it is like a little bit of everything you know I had like uh subjects from in theory microeconomics, uh network analysis. Um We also have like another branch of this lab that do um neuroscience. They they do research in like decision uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: theory and like in New economics. Um And there is also another branch of people that do evolutionary psychology. Uh They are like yeah that is mainly because one of the one of the researchers was like a friend, a close friend of uh leader cost me this that I don't know if you if you know her but she's a really famous um evolutionary psychology in santa Barbara. So it's like a little bit of everything and also experiments like experiments in in experimental economics and that kind of stuff. So what I did was I did uh we well we were part of a project and
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: we made um video game that was in reality was uh two there were two games from from game theory, like a prisoner's dilemma and public good game. Uh And we put like some cartoons and we made it online on tablets, and we made kids from third to fifth grade to play this at school, uh with their names on, they play with their with their whole cast. And we wanted to reveal like relations on like a social map of the class. And then we do we did also some surveys about bullying behavior. And we wanted to see if there is relation between the corporation in these games and uh pulling patterns and also with great like academic achievement, that
SPEAKER_L: Big
SPEAKER_R: kind of stuff. So it was like a lot of fieldwork also like going to schools and that was uh familiar to me because when I go out of college I started doing classes in high school uh in high school math and physics classes. So
SPEAKER_L: better.
SPEAKER_R: I had like some familiarity with the classroom. Also my wife, she's uh she's uh elementary school teacher, so I'm like uh a lot in in the in the school environment, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And she's, you guys came here because she was doing a masters. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: she's doing a master in language uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: education. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but she's just like seeing what what what things uh she's interesting like speaking like a little bit of everything and stuff, but yeah, but it has been like a weird experience because you know, we arrived here like me january and you know
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: March
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: everything was closed and you know, we we haven't like met much of
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: anything like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's got to be really frustrating too because I imagine, you know, that's quite the move to make to like do a program or whatever and then it's like okay now stay at home like well dang like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and also, I mean we we we we don't like no much people in here. Uh we we we just by chance, you know, we we we put some flags in in here, you know, this is like our window, we put like a Chilean flag and we discovered that we have a,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we have to be a neighbors. They, they went to another door and we, we, we have interact with them like a little bit, but but yeah, I mean, and in general, you know, even even the english, you know, we haven't uh had the opportunity to
SPEAKER_L: Fuck
SPEAKER_R: practice like to speak more english because we were like the two of us, like at home, obviously we don't speak english uh in here. So, so even when, when we go out and we need to speak, it's like our english is like rusty and like you know, But yeah, I mean, I guess, I guess things are going to improve someday.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's a it's a real strange time, it's not a super fun time to be in America in particular um Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Also also there has been like a lot of um uncertainty, you know, with this whole the elections and this special order that keep people like uh this whole thing about f visas, I I guess you you know what I'm talking about? Uh So even though we have a J Visa, so it wasn't like exactly affecting us for example. But uh still, I mean, even even though the disorder like now it's not it's not uh they're not going to apply it, but yourselves like a feeling, you know, like like
SPEAKER_L: it's very
SPEAKER_R: you can
SPEAKER_L: unwelcoming
SPEAKER_R: be like
SPEAKER_L: and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: talking yeah, like you can be kicked out from here, like uh at any time and uncertainty in general, you know? So that's very nice.
SPEAKER_L: no, I can't, I can't say that, that I'm very proud of much of anything that we seem to do these days. Um Yeah, I'm like at, you know, that's that's my perspective as I'm like, if I was in another country, would I have wanted to come to America in january and certainly what I want to come now and it's not not real certain on that, but I also have, you know, a biased perspective because I've been here the whole time, so I don't I don't know what the what the alternative is I suppose, but yeah, it definitely sounds like it's been a downgrade for you in a lot of ways of having, you know, sort of like a position where you were using your education and and you know, no people and there's probably a certain amount of like I would hope like mm like at least respect and warmth that comes from like being an educator um and to like sort of have that all kind of stripped away and it's like, well I finally like at least I'm at least I'm making money but I'm I'm working at whole foods and nobody knows I'm smart as a whip like, you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I mean, I don't know, I don't have much problem with that. But the thing is uh what I think that has been like difficult to us is that uh we know that this is like a different culture. Um but it's really hard, really, really hard like to connect with people, you know? Because um in some sense, well with with this whole covid, of course that makes it worse, right? But I don't know. We we we latin Latinos, right? Latin americans. Um We tend to be like very like open uh about like talking loud about like, I don't know, like like being close to people like hugging and all that kind of stuff. And and also I think about maybe humor maybe, I don't know, like even even speaking about things or about things that might be polemical in some sense. You know, I'm always like, like walking in here like, like thinking like uh I don't know someone is going to be offended by this, Someone is going to be like, I don't know bother because or even even the things that that I told you about about this these laws and all this stuff. I mean there is like a lot of people that are like explicitly saying that they don't want people like us in here, you know? So and that is uh it's I don't know, I don't want to to play also the victim or or anything, but it's when you think about it is it's it's weird. It's it's a mess up in some sense. Uh So yeah, and and I don't know. I don't know. It's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: And also I don't know like like the news and uh all the political stuff that is that is happening here. It's so crazy in some sense. Um It's so uh and in some sense when you're not from here, you you you you sometimes you you think that you're not, I don't know, not allowed, but you're not you don't know like enough of the cultural identity and of a lot of stuff like to to give a proper opinion. Um but in another sense, I don't know uh it happens that that what happens in the politics of the United States in some sense it's relevant for the whole world, right? I mean uh you know.
SPEAKER_L: even even before you came here, I can almost guarantee that you could probably say more about what was going on in America and american history and politics and news and all of that um then probably, you know, most americans myself included could say about what was going on in chile or anywhere, so uh
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: like that uh yeah um yeah I'm sure it's helpful to have um at least have some some neighbors that share a background with you so you at least don't feel entirely like isolated in um in kind of the the cultural lost nous of being new to America and you know you've got a touch point of people that like I know what you're talking about when you mention like a place or a kind of food or music or something and like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Also also, I don't know what what I what I've learned, I think in in in all the times that I have come here to the States is that before I came here, you know, very slight, very powerful like latino identity and and cultural, I mean it's super weird in some sense, it's super interesting how like I don't know Mexico for example from chile, they're like very far away. I mean they're like I don't know it's an eight hour flight. I mean it's like crossing like I don't know like a big part of the work and it is amazing. It is incredible how many things we share in common, you know? Mm Of course you have you you get the language that that well it's spoke in a very different way but but you get to understand but many like traits many like I don't know music for example. Uh huh you have like uh and it's super interesting that for example with Brazilians you know because of the of the of the language and because of brazil is like a very strong like cultural identity. They have like their own music. I mean of course every country has their own musicians and their own I don't know like painters, writers whatever. But uh but they have like a very different and like a very um like local cultural identity. And what I mean is I probably I don't know like can sing like I don't know, like 20 or 30 mexican songs. Like if I if I need to or if I want to, but I can't sing like I don't know, like three or four Brazilian songs and you know. And
SPEAKER_L: So it doesn't seem to have more in common with the country that's like farther away um then then brazil is right. Uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. Uh Yeah. I hope that that this get better uh in some sense. Um and we could be able to, I don't know, go out a little bit more and
SPEAKER_L: eventually.
SPEAKER_R: like get to meet people. Yeah. And and in some sense, uh this this conversation for example, it's interesting in that sense because like allows you, especially in in in in these uh times, you know, I I don't know if the these experimenters uh have thought about, of course they have thought about it. But uh probably they planned this experiment before all this happens. But it's happening. I think that makes like a lot of um difference in some sense of what happens between two strangers like talking. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think, I think we're all a little bit um uh huh in some sense there's like there's a lot of, a lot of uncertainty and I think there can be, you know, a lot of like fear or even like distrust of people because now it's like, oh, like you might have germs like you might make me sick or something that I think in there's also a lot of isolation that people are feeling and also a lot of um just like everyone is slowing down whether they want to or not. Um because there's a lot less time spent like commuting and like just going out and doing stuff. So I think it has the opportunity to make people more open and you know, willing to connect because it's like, hey, you're a person I see you like, yeah, we're all collectively going through a very similar thing even though our circumstances can vary widely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. But and I think that this this thing in some sense like make you I don't know like like we we evaluate like many things in your life. You know I mean I mean because you have been your normal life has been disrupted in a way that you can't I mean you don't have the control like to get things back to normal, right? And even more. I mean we we don't we doesn't even know if and probably the world and and your own life is not going to be the same when this uh is over. I mean probably you're not going to be able to, to reconstruct exactly where were you before this? So uh so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like the pre covid times and the post covid time. It's like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a an era a big shift and sudden, probably a lot of ways that we don't fully understand yet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. I think things I don't know, maybe this is like, I don't know, superficial or something. But uh I think it's it's a huge thing. For example, like dance dancing. Like like going to a club and and dancing. I mean who knows when we are going to be able to do something like that again? Um And I don't know. I mean, I regret like, you know, like like saying, I don't know, I'm lazy, I want to sleep. You know, I don't want to go out. You know, because I mean that kind of stuff like so much. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think once we're, once we're able to, people are going to have very busy social calendars for a while
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, maybe. But
SPEAKER_L: every
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: last time.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Maybe maybe some, maybe others, I don't know. That lived like a very busy social calendar. They have found that isolation might sound good for them too. And like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess we'll find out. Uh well it's been very nice talking with you and um yeah, that's why I wound up signing up for the second one again even though I um and like back at work and making income again because it's really interesting to just like be able to have a conversation with somebody that you
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: know what I can see what happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And also, I don't know because these situations force you like to, to have to do it. And it's weird because usually, I mean I would like to do things like this like more often, but in some sense, I don't know where to do it. Like, I mean, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like how do you, how do you connect when you don't have like the group to reach out to or whatever? Yeah, I'm sure there's probably like, I know there's a website that's like meet up dot com that has like different social groups that people make and they have them all over the place like um they have them in Arizona where I'm at, I'm sure they have them in Maryland to um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have seen some of them. I mean, or for example, couchsurfing once in my life, like went to a couch surfing, like live reunion. Like in a bar. It was an interesting experience. Uh some sort of the same, but like with other people that, yeah. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_L: we don't usually uh have the opportunity to do something like this one on one either which kind of like changes the quality of the interaction I think compared to if you're like uh like part of a large group of people that don't know one another or um are meeting for some particular reason like the couch surfing or whatever, like the is a unique sort of interaction for sure. Mm Yeah. Yeah well welcome to America. I hope for everyone's sake we get our act together in more ways than one. Yeah. Best
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: of luck. Mhm I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: so uh are we okay with them time?
SPEAKER_L: I think so. My counter says like 32 something. Oh
SPEAKER_R: The last time that I went um uh I have an uh an appointment with other personal skill and the person didn't show. So. So yeah. And and I see. And I'm uh sign up again. Yeah. Because yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right
SPEAKER_R: I really wanted to do to repeat the experience.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Yeah it's super neat. It's always kind of hard to because you feel like uh you don't really know what to expect initially and then you're like all right, that's kind of fun. And like you know people, you can always find something to relate to people about. Um and then it's like kind of weird to like get, get towards the end of time and be like oh yeah like we were like doing this because we were trying to like make money and also like it's a neat experience but it's kind of it's kind of weird. It's like you come out of a a strange bubble where like inside the bubble you were just like having a conversation and then you're like oh yeah like this is a it's a it's a setup like
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. And also what I think it's it's a strange, strange in some sense is that you're like in this bubble where you meet a stranger like for for this half an hour or so
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: and then you disappear. And I mean probably you're not going to to see that person back. I mean in your life probably, I don't know. You never know, right? But uh yeah, I mean I remember like a little bit the other two persons that I talked, but I really couldn't like recognize them if I saw them so.
SPEAKER_L: It's strange. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And especially what I mean, especially in this, in this, um, in this time where you have like, I don't know, like social networks and stuff and, and because people used to to be over that all the time before. I don't know the internet. Right? I mean you have like all classmates and you might have like a lot of years like sharing with that people and then you change city or something and then you never ever in life like see them again. But you what happens to me? I don't know. I'm like a little bit obsessive for example with my WhatsApp history for example, I don't want to change from android to iphone because I have my WhatsApp history from, I don't know, 2000 and 15. And you know, it's very important to me like to keep those logs. I like to be able like to go back and like check uh something but obviously I don't read that in general.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. It's kind of comforting to to have it. Yeah. It's a it's a good lesson in uh like impermanent sort of that like you can uh you know like with with the classmates and stuff like you can think that you're super close friends with somebody or you know them for a long time and then like the next thing, you know like you wouldn't even recognize him if you saw him on the street kind of thing. Um And I think in a lot of ways like with the social media and stuff like we kind of lose that that sense because there's always this kind of thought in the back of your mind that like oh like I can, I can like find and keep everyone that I ever met like if I want to like I can keep all my conversations like I can. Mhm. Uh Yeah and you know, I don't know that our that our brains are designed for that either uh to be able to try to hold and maintain all of those different connections which obviously with like what you research, that's probably something.
SPEAKER_R: like like like the numbers, number number like
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: how many, how many relationships you can actually maintain or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: or even when things, but even to keep up like what is happening, I mean in their life because you have like this this sense that you know that I don't know somebody that you met uh they get married and they have a child and then they have, I don't know, an accident or whatever and you get to know that stuff of social media even though you don't speak with the people at all. I don't know that that is that is weird in some sense and I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: I think that it's good to let go things and like even,
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know in concerts for example and I have noticed that I do this myself like like you're in the middle of like an awesome song and it's a very cool moment and you get your phone and started recording that thing and and you you lose like part of the experience and you record that thing and then what I what I see is that I'm not the kind of people that like to to share things in social media indiana at all. So I don't publish like almost anything. So I don't upload that to social network, I keep it to myself but I don't see it again, you know? So then I think why do I do this?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I think maybe we like partially distrust our memory, but I think it's it's more about that like that fear of like losing something like with the trying to hold on to the people or the conversations or or the you know the video of the memory. It's like I was here, I did this thing like I was alive, I had experiences, I had friends like I think maybe it's like a um like a mortality thing, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: like fear of, I don't know like die and like everyone forgot about you and you, it's like you have you ever existed at all and then Yeah. Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: interesting stuff to ponder for sure. Uh Why why do we why we do this? I don't know. I wanna go get started on making some dinner to feed all of these critters hanging out around it.
SPEAKER_R: how much, how much are them? Three,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. There's three sitting here but there are four in this house you know
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's a whole lot. We we
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: know because.
SPEAKER_R: we just have one 11 cat here. We brought it from chile.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it's a world traveler, best of work and it's been really a pleasure speaking with you.
SPEAKER_R: It's been a pleasure to