Hello.
Well yeah
all right can you just give me one second please? Ben? Oh yeah man you're gonna just to yeah that's one yeah yeah like lawyer company deal but I'm not aware what better. Yeah. So d yeah
where? Okay um so how are you? Yeah.
Uh Yeah I think twice, Twice, twice. But uh if I remember correctly uh this is the first one that is um recorded.
The other ones were just like uh live cats.
Yeah it is interesting fact in interesting. Uh Well I was um in prolific because I was unemployed and I needed like some some cash. Uh Also I started this because I was unemployed and I was without work permission. I'm here in the States now I'm living in Maryland but I am from chile. Mm So I I arrived here in january and I have like a whole mess with my because I came here with a Visa. Well my wife is she's studying uh in here Master and a certain degree and we have a kind of Visa that allows me to work, but I had to ask for permission to work, so. And that is like a homeless, you have to send like a letter and a lot of stuff uh to texas by mail, and then you have to wait the answer back by mail to. And I had a lot of trouble with my social security number, so I wasn't able to work like until, I don't know, like a month ago. Uh I was like really in a hurry for for money, you know? So.
Yeah. Yeah, now I'm working as a shopper in whole foods. Uh Yeah, I mean, uh it's a good way to start. Uh It is a little bit risky. Yeah, because of Covid, but but yeah, I didn't have like all the choice now. I I got my driver's license so I'm waiting uh for for the state
to
to mail
it to me, but I already give all the tests and stuff. I hope like with my driver's license I could work as maybe like food delivery, that it is also like going outside, but I think that is less risky than being at the supermarket. Uh
But yeah and still I'm still trying to find working what I what I what I have studied for. Uh I have a battery physics and Master and well I'm a PhD candidate and I'm like lost in my pc's part, but I have studied like social science but with some uh some uh like data stuff I know how to program and some kind of stuff. So I think that I I could be able to get a work I don't know like maybe in a research facility or something. but it has been hard you know this year has been like very hard. Uh
and how um how are you, how did you end up here in prolific and in this step?
Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Well maybe TD is not in physics, it's in social science. Yeah. Yeah. What
what
is your PhD?
Clinical psychology means uh therapy right? Like
mm Okay. You want to
go
into a research career like Yeah.
Think.
Okay.
Yeah
but but here like a therapist because I know it's different you know until it for example if you study psychology you study like a five year career uh and that includes
like
a bachelor and then like some kind of specialization and then you are enabled to do therapy you know? But many manifests that are psychologists they told me like they are unable to do therapy but they really don't know how to do therapy because they are not prepared for that. Uh
And
it and the practitioner will have like a different kind of ph d. Or we will have like uh some kind of different doctorate or or
Okay. Yeah.
it's difficult to define because. Well the program was a new program. I was part of the first generation of the program. And the program the program title is social complexity. And it is like pointed to like in general like to do social science but with some with some different things that the typical sociology or economy uh research. Uh We we use a lot of um methods like I don't know like I don't know if methods from data science and all that kind of stuff computational social science. Uh We do a lot of um we also have uh it is like a little bit of everything you know I had like uh subjects from in theory microeconomics, uh network analysis. Um We also have like another branch of this lab that do um neuroscience. They they do research in like decision uh
theory and like in New economics. Um And there is also another branch of people that do evolutionary psychology. Uh They are like yeah that is mainly because one of the one of the researchers was like a friend, a close friend of uh leader cost me this that I don't know if you if you know her but she's a really famous um evolutionary psychology in santa Barbara. So it's like a little bit of everything and also experiments like experiments in in experimental economics and that kind of stuff. So what I did was I did uh we well we were part of a project and
we made um video game that was in reality was uh two there were two games from from game theory, like a prisoner's dilemma and public good game. Uh And we put like some cartoons and we made it online on tablets, and we made kids from third to fifth grade to play this at school, uh with their names on, they play with their with their whole cast. And we wanted to reveal like relations on like a social map of the class. And then we do we did also some surveys about bullying behavior. And we wanted to see if there is relation between the corporation in these games and uh pulling patterns and also with great like academic achievement, that
kind of stuff. So it was like a lot of fieldwork also like going to schools and that was uh familiar to me because when I go out of college I started doing classes in high school uh in high school math and physics classes. So
I had like some familiarity with the classroom. Also my wife, she's uh she's uh elementary school teacher, so I'm like uh a lot in in the in the school environment, so
she's doing a master in language uh
education. Um
but she's just like seeing what what what things uh she's interesting like speaking like a little bit of everything and stuff, but yeah, but it has been like a weird experience because you know, we arrived here like me january and you know
March
everything was closed and you know, we we haven't like met much of
anything like. Yeah.
Yeah and also, I mean we we we we don't like no much people in here. Uh we we we just by chance, you know, we we we put some flags in in here, you know, this is like our window, we put like a Chilean flag and we discovered that we have a,
we have to be a neighbors. They, they went to another door and we, we, we have interact with them like a little bit, but but yeah, I mean, and in general, you know, even even the english, you know, we haven't uh had the opportunity to
practice like to speak more english because we were like the two of us, like at home, obviously we don't speak english uh in here. So, so even when, when we go out and we need to speak, it's like our english is like rusty and like you know, But yeah, I mean, I guess, I guess things are going to improve someday.
Also also there has been like a lot of um uncertainty, you know, with this whole the elections and this special order that keep people like uh this whole thing about f visas, I I guess you you know what I'm talking about? Uh So even though we have a J Visa, so it wasn't like exactly affecting us for example. But uh still, I mean, even even though the disorder like now it's not it's not uh they're not going to apply it, but yourselves like a feeling, you know, like like
you can
be like
talking yeah, like you can be kicked out from here, like uh at any time and uncertainty in general, you know? So that's very nice.
Yeah, but I mean, I don't know, I don't have much problem with that. But the thing is uh what I think that has been like difficult to us is that uh we know that this is like a different culture. Um but it's really hard, really, really hard like to connect with people, you know? Because um in some sense, well with with this whole covid, of course that makes it worse, right? But I don't know. We we we latin Latinos, right? Latin americans. Um We tend to be like very like open uh about like talking loud about like, I don't know, like like being close to people like hugging and all that kind of stuff. And and also I think about maybe humor maybe, I don't know, like even even speaking about things or about things that might be polemical in some sense. You know, I'm always like, like walking in here like, like thinking like uh I don't know someone is going to be offended by this, Someone is going to be like, I don't know bother because or even even the things that that I told you about about this these laws and all this stuff. I mean there is like a lot of people that are like explicitly saying that they don't want people like us in here, you know? So and that is uh it's I don't know, I don't want to to play also the victim or or anything, but it's when you think about it is it's it's weird. It's it's a mess up in some sense. Uh So yeah, and and I don't know. I don't know. It's Yeah.
And also I don't know like like the news and uh all the political stuff that is that is happening here. It's so crazy in some sense. Um It's so uh and in some sense when you're not from here, you you you you sometimes you you think that you're not, I don't know, not allowed, but you're not you don't know like enough of the cultural identity and of a lot of stuff like to to give a proper opinion. Um but in another sense, I don't know uh it happens that that what happens in the politics of the United States in some sense it's relevant for the whole world, right? I mean uh you know.
definitely.
definitely. Also also, I don't know what what I what I've learned, I think in in in all the times that I have come here to the States is that before I came here, you know, very slight, very powerful like latino identity and and cultural, I mean it's super weird in some sense, it's super interesting how like I don't know Mexico for example from chile, they're like very far away. I mean they're like I don't know it's an eight hour flight. I mean it's like crossing like I don't know like a big part of the work and it is amazing. It is incredible how many things we share in common, you know? Mm Of course you have you you get the language that that well it's spoke in a very different way but but you get to understand but many like traits many like I don't know music for example. Uh huh you have like uh and it's super interesting that for example with Brazilians you know because of the of the of the language and because of brazil is like a very strong like cultural identity. They have like their own music. I mean of course every country has their own musicians and their own I don't know like painters, writers whatever. But uh but they have like a very different and like a very um like local cultural identity. And what I mean is I probably I don't know like can sing like I don't know, like 20 or 30 mexican songs. Like if I if I need to or if I want to, but I can't sing like I don't know, like three or four Brazilian songs and you know. And
Yeah. I don't know. Uh Yeah. I hope that that this get better uh in some sense. Um and we could be able to, I don't know, go out a little bit more and
like get to meet people. Yeah. And and in some sense, uh this this conversation for example, it's interesting in that sense because like allows you, especially in in in in these uh times, you know, I I don't know if the these experimenters uh have thought about, of course they have thought about it. But uh probably they planned this experiment before all this happens. But it's happening. I think that makes like a lot of um difference in some sense of what happens between two strangers like talking. Mm.
Yeah. Yeah. But and I think that this this thing in some sense like make you I don't know like like we we evaluate like many things in your life. You know I mean I mean because you have been your normal life has been disrupted in a way that you can't I mean you don't have the control like to get things back to normal, right? And even more. I mean we we don't we doesn't even know if and probably the world and and your own life is not going to be the same when this uh is over. I mean probably you're not going to be able to, to reconstruct exactly where were you before this? So uh so
What?
Yeah. I don't know. I think things I don't know, maybe this is like, I don't know, superficial or something. But uh I think it's it's a huge thing. For example, like dance dancing. Like like going to a club and and dancing. I mean who knows when we are going to be able to do something like that again? Um And I don't know. I mean, I regret like, you know, like like saying, I don't know, I'm lazy, I want to sleep. You know, I don't want to go out. You know, because I mean that kind of stuff like so much. Mm
Yeah. Yeah, maybe. But
maybe
I don't know. Maybe maybe some, maybe others, I don't know. That lived like a very busy social calendar. They have found that isolation might sound good for them too. And like, I don't know.
I'm
not.
Yeah. And also, I don't know because these situations force you like to, to have to do it. And it's weird because usually, I mean I would like to do things like this like more often, but in some sense, I don't know where to do it. Like, I mean, I don't know.
Yeah. I have seen some of them. I mean, or for example, couchsurfing once in my life, like went to a couch surfing, like live reunion. Like in a bar. It was an interesting experience. Uh some sort of the same, but like with other people that, yeah. Yeah. But
Mhm.
So
so uh are we okay with them time?
The last time that I went um uh I have an uh an appointment with other personal skill and the person didn't show. So. So yeah. And and I see. And I'm uh sign up again. Yeah. Because yeah,
I really wanted to do to repeat the experience.
yeah. Yeah. And also what I think it's it's a strange, strange in some sense is that you're like in this bubble where you meet a stranger like for for this half an hour or so
and then you disappear. And I mean probably you're not going to to see that person back. I mean in your life probably, I don't know. You never know, right? But uh yeah, I mean I remember like a little bit the other two persons that I talked, but I really couldn't like recognize them if I saw them so.
And especially what I mean, especially in this, in this, um, in this time where you have like, I don't know, like social networks and stuff and, and because people used to to be over that all the time before. I don't know the internet. Right? I mean you have like all classmates and you might have like a lot of years like sharing with that people and then you change city or something and then you never ever in life like see them again. But you what happens to me? I don't know. I'm like a little bit obsessive for example with my WhatsApp history for example, I don't want to change from android to iphone because I have my WhatsApp history from, I don't know, 2000 and 15. And you know, it's very important to me like to keep those logs. I like to be able like to go back and like check uh something but obviously I don't read that in general.
like like like the numbers, number number like
he
or even when things, but even to keep up like what is happening, I mean in their life because you have like this this sense that you know that I don't know somebody that you met uh they get married and they have a child and then they have, I don't know, an accident or whatever and you get to know that stuff of social media even though you don't speak with the people at all. I don't know that that is that is weird in some sense and I don't know,
I think that it's good to let go things and like even,
I don't know in concerts for example and I have noticed that I do this myself like like you're in the middle of like an awesome song and it's a very cool moment and you get your phone and started recording that thing and and you you lose like part of the experience and you record that thing and then what I what I see is that I'm not the kind of people that like to to share things in social media indiana at all. So I don't publish like almost anything. So I don't upload that to social network, I keep it to myself but I don't see it again, you know? So then I think why do I do this?
like fear of, I don't know like die and like everyone forgot about you and you, it's like you have you ever existed at all and then Yeah. Yeah, I don't know.
how much, how much are them? Three,
wow, that's a whole lot. We we
we
we just have one 11 cat here. We brought it from chile.
It's been a pleasure to