right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello?
All right. How are you
I don't know.
well, I'm alright. I I've done this thing once before. Have you done this before?
Look,
gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of an interesting thing, just like talk to a stranger for a predetermined amount of time. What what made you sign up to do the thing?
that makes sense. So they finally got your visa stuff figured out are you working even though it's like Covid? Did you find something?
You
look
more.
Right.
Yeah, I moved right at the world exploding. Yeah.
Yeah. Some similarity if I got a furloughed from my job because they closed down because of Covid. So I was also looking for extra money at the time. Um and I'm also a PhD candidate, but definitely not in physics. Um So, you know, with grad school, you're never making very much money so. Extra is appreciated.
me
too.
Clinical psychology So yeah.
Um Yeah so I am trained in therapy and then also in doing um like cognitive assessments like for dementia or um autism or learning disabilities that kind of stuff. Um But then I also do um like psycho physiology research with E. G. Uh E. K. G. Those kinds of things. Um Looking at like mood disorders, depression, anxiety all of that. Um And that's that's what my research side of things is focused on.
That's
what happened.
Yeah ideally I would like to work in a university so that I can do teaching and research. Um But I also know that that's really hard to get into um in a lot of ways there's a lot of competition. So um if that doesn't work out I could do um I could do the testing stuff. Um like I do right now, I would probably do testing before I would do therapy because that part's
not my favorite. Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
They did
not,
Yeah, it seems like there's a lot of um a lot of variability in the kinds of training that people get, like the program that I'm in is focused on um training like clinical scientists. So they want people that can like design and um evaluate interventions. Um rather than actually doing them one on one is sort of their their primary goal is kind of like create the therapy but not actually do it. So we don't do as much training and therapy as um like a practitioner um focused PhD
might,
um a lot of people, it seems like if they do a practitioner focused PhD that actually do like a side and they don't do research but they do a doctorate in psychology um to be really focused on doing actual like therapy and stuff. Um But it seems like there there are also um like just regular PhD programs that are more focused on on training therapists as well. Um Mind just happens to be one that's more focused on the science aspect. Um But I do know people that do like their masters in psychology or in counseling or social work or whatever, like their whole entire schooling is about how to do therapy. Um And so they get a lot more like hours of practice before they're out and doing it and mine like therapy is just a small portion of what we're expected to learn and do. Um So yeah, I could relate to feeling like I wasn't prepared to go out and be a therapist, but I've done it. Yeah.
Yeah. What is your social science what specifically? Yeah.
Mhm.
If
Big
better.
Yeah. Yeah. And she's, you guys came here because she was doing a masters. Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank
you.
so
Yeah. That's got to be really frustrating too because I imagine, you know, that's quite the move to make to like do a program or whatever and then it's like okay now stay at home like well dang like.
Yeah.
Fuck
Yeah. It's a it's a real strange time, it's not a super fun time to be in America in particular um Uh huh.
it's very
unwelcoming
and Yeah.
no, I can't, I can't say that, that I'm very proud of much of anything that we seem to do these days. Um Yeah, I'm like at, you know, that's that's my perspective as I'm like, if I was in another country, would I have wanted to come to America in january and certainly what I want to come now and it's not not real certain on that, but I also have, you know, a biased perspective because I've been here the whole time, so I don't I don't know what the what the alternative is I suppose, but yeah, it definitely sounds like it's been a downgrade for you in a lot of ways of having, you know, sort of like a position where you were using your education and and you know, no people and there's probably a certain amount of like I would hope like mm like at least respect and warmth that comes from like being an educator um and to like sort of have that all kind of stripped away and it's like, well I finally like at least I'm at least I'm making money but I'm I'm working at whole foods and nobody knows I'm smart as a whip like, you know
what
even even before you came here, I can almost guarantee that you could probably say more about what was going on in America and american history and politics and news and all of that um then probably, you know, most americans myself included could say about what was going on in chile or anywhere, so uh
like that uh yeah um yeah I'm sure it's helpful to have um at least have some some neighbors that share a background with you so you at least don't feel entirely like isolated in um in kind of the the cultural lost nous of being new to America and you know you've got a touch point of people that like I know what you're talking about when you mention like a place or a kind of food or music or something and like yeah.
So it doesn't seem to have more in common with the country that's like farther away um then then brazil is right. Uh yeah,
eventually.
Yeah, I think, I think we're all a little bit um uh huh in some sense there's like there's a lot of, a lot of uncertainty and I think there can be, you know, a lot of like fear or even like distrust of people because now it's like, oh, like you might have germs like you might make me sick or something that I think in there's also a lot of isolation that people are feeling and also a lot of um just like everyone is slowing down whether they want to or not. Um because there's a lot less time spent like commuting and like just going out and doing stuff. So I think it has the opportunity to make people more open and you know, willing to connect because it's like, hey, you're a person I see you like, yeah, we're all collectively going through a very similar thing even though our circumstances can vary widely.
Yeah, it's like the pre covid times and the post covid time. It's like
a an era a big shift and sudden, probably a lot of ways that we don't fully understand yet.
Yeah, I think once we're, once we're able to, people are going to have very busy social calendars for a while
every
last time.
Yeah, I guess we'll find out. Uh well it's been very nice talking with you and um yeah, that's why I wound up signing up for the second one again even though I um and like back at work and making income again because it's really interesting to just like be able to have a conversation with somebody that you
don't
know what I can see what happens.
Yeah. Like how do you, how do you connect when you don't have like the group to reach out to or whatever? Yeah, I'm sure there's probably like, I know there's a website that's like meet up dot com that has like different social groups that people make and they have them all over the place like um they have them in Arizona where I'm at, I'm sure they have them in Maryland to um
we don't usually uh have the opportunity to do something like this one on one either which kind of like changes the quality of the interaction I think compared to if you're like uh like part of a large group of people that don't know one another or um are meeting for some particular reason like the couch surfing or whatever, like the is a unique sort of interaction for sure. Mm Yeah. Yeah well welcome to America. I hope for everyone's sake we get our act together in more ways than one. Yeah. Best
of luck. Mhm I
know. Mhm
I think so. My counter says like 32 something. Oh
Right
okay. Yeah it's super neat. It's always kind of hard to because you feel like uh you don't really know what to expect initially and then you're like all right, that's kind of fun. And like you know people, you can always find something to relate to people about. Um and then it's like kind of weird to like get, get towards the end of time and be like oh yeah like we were like doing this because we were trying to like make money and also like it's a neat experience but it's kind of it's kind of weird. It's like you come out of a a strange bubble where like inside the bubble you were just like having a conversation and then you're like oh yeah like this is a it's a it's a setup like
But
It's strange. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. It's kind of comforting to to have it. Yeah. It's a it's a good lesson in uh like impermanent sort of that like you can uh you know like with with the classmates and stuff like you can think that you're super close friends with somebody or you know them for a long time and then like the next thing, you know like you wouldn't even recognize him if you saw him on the street kind of thing. Um And I think in a lot of ways like with the social media and stuff like we kind of lose that that sense because there's always this kind of thought in the back of your mind that like oh like I can, I can like find and keep everyone that I ever met like if I want to like I can keep all my conversations like I can. Mhm. Uh Yeah and you know, I don't know that our that our brains are designed for that either uh to be able to try to hold and maintain all of those different connections which obviously with like what you research, that's probably something.
Like
how many, how many relationships you can actually maintain or whatever.
no,
with.
Yeah. Yeah, I think maybe we like partially distrust our memory, but I think it's it's more about that like that fear of like losing something like with the trying to hold on to the people or the conversations or or the you know the video of the memory. It's like I was here, I did this thing like I was alive, I had experiences, I had friends like I think maybe it's like a um like a mortality thing, I don't know.
interesting stuff to ponder for sure. Uh Why why do we why we do this? I don't know. I wanna go get started on making some dinner to feed all of these critters hanging out around it.
Uh huh. There's three sitting here but there are four in this house you know
you
know because.
Oh yeah it's a world traveler, best of work and it's been really a pleasure speaking with you.