Hi, how are you know?
Yeah, can you hear me
Let me grab my headphones. Yeah,
yeah. How are you today?
I was just listening to some music just trying to I don't know, it's just, I feel like it's a stressful time now for everybody. Have you ever done one of these before?
I didn't, this would be my fourth one. I've been doing them like once a week. They're actually really fun. Have you ever had one that went terribly wrong?
That's
not, That's not bad at. It. Just sucks because they only give you what, like a dollar 25 for your waiting. How long have you been doing that Profilic for?
goodness, I uh just started getting into it. Um I want to say like last year, But I didn't take it as seriously, but now I'm starting to take it more seriously. I've already made like $250 over the past three months, or not three months over the past six months since I've been taking it seriously? Where are you from?
Oh, I heard texas got hit really hard. I'm in a Pittsburgh pennsylvania.
Uh Not really. I feel like Pittsburgh is a Karen just because All right, like the people that like Pittsburgh, I feel like they like Pittsburgh because they've never lived anywhere else, but it's like a Karen to me, like,
I hate it. Here,
what's there to do there?
Are you guys near um any like military basis out in Houston
or is that
I'm
thinking of Dallas,
I went to texas like one or two times, but it was just because it was like a layover flight, I didn't really get to go out and like see what was going on. So how has quarantine been going for you?
What have you been doing to like fill your time?
Yeah, I know that. I heard that they were going to ban that though.
What are you going to do on a diskette band?
man.
So you might think I, have you ever heard of a deal dash?
It's like penny auction sites you go on and then it like each time it passes by it could.
it's kind of a bad thing to do, but it's fun.
I'm sorry my eye keeps twitching. I just started uh believe it or not. I have really bad depression. So I just started on this thing like in a depressed, this new antidepressant and it keeps making my I twist and sometimes my eyes my I will get stuck shut.
So other than that, um like what is there besides? Because I don't play like view games or anything. I've just been trying to like, you know, do like market research and I've been trying to read but being like alone, I'm going through a really bad separation right now. Being alone is like so new to me. So what what advice can you give me for that?
Have you ever gone through anything like that before? Where you just didn't feel like you're going to make it through?
Okay. I'm 24. You're so yeah, do you go to college or anything?
How do you like that?
I was going to I don't know if you've heard of ST Leo University? Probably not. It's an online school. Um It's based in florida. I was doing that for a while and then I had to take a break because I mean, like, everything, I just felt like my world was just starting to, like crumble down around me after everything.
I wish I could go back and the hands of time and like, go back to when I was 19
you're blessed. Okay. I just wish I could go back to when I was 19 I would do so many things differently.
Yeah. Well I was in the military Um when I was when I was 17 I joined the military and then I got married when I was 19
and then
yeah, yeah I went through a divorce, my marriage only lasted like four months, I went through a divorce and then um once I got out I moved back up to Pittsburgh to be with my family. And um I also had kids when I was 19.
Yeah I have two kids.
No I had one I had scarlet when I was 19, no When I was 20 I'm sorry 21 when I had Scarlet she's my order she's three and then um Marley, I just had her last year. It's another thing to I have being like two kids and being that I'm not with um my ex anymore, we have like split custody right now. And it's really difficult
because like I'm not able to work or anything because um like in the military and everything, I had pTSD.
Yeah, so I feel like my job essentially was being a mom, but now that my kids aren't here with me all the time, I'm like oh my gosh, I don't know what to do with myself.
He
lives.
No it's like 5050, so I get them sunday, monday, Tuesday Wednesday and then he gets some thursday friday and saturday.
It sucks. It really
does.
Yeah. Especially when you're getting like your twenties and like all your friends start having kids, everything don't fall into the trap. Mhm,
definitely. I I wish I would have waited until I was at least like married again because I wasn't married to him and like now things are just complicated. Uh Do you have siblings?
How
Three. I'm sure they keep you busy.
Are you scared to like move into your dorm or anything that's like covid going on?
Yeah. Moving sucks to like whenever my lease is up in february, I have a two bedroom apartment and I have so much stuff. I know. I don't know how I'm going to get it all helps. Are you guys close in age?
So not really.
It's okay. Are you watching them?
I'm sure you have your hands full.
Okay. So another question, do you watch like who we were netflix
hulu or netflix?
What are some good shoes? I can get into
any show that you think is good. Like I'm not looking for anything in particular.
What
do you like about it?
I mean
I got really hooked on her Or you? Sorry you
my
gosh,
me too. That stuff is crazy
man.
Yeah, I just hate it because it's like it's so long in between the seasons. I was really, I was really hooked on. Orange is the New Black too.
You have to watch the last season. It's okay but it's not as fun or as interesting or action packed as the 1st and 2nd seasons which uh oh you know, show I got hooked on
and I ended up watching it for days on end. Like I wouldn't sleep until
I finished it, bait bates, motel.
It's the prequel to psycho. Um like american psycho. And essentially this guy and his mom are like really, really close and they have like a brother, but his brother is like a druggie and they have all this stuff like going on in the hotel and he murders people. But his mom always covers it up for him and like no one knows what's going on in that hotel except for him and his mom.
I think it's on netflix.
Mm you're gonna get hooked and you won't be able to stop
watching it.
Um I want to say like four or 5.
No it's an ended show. This this happened this came out like years ago, I just got hooked on it like last year because um whenever Marley was born we were up all night anyway so we just wanted to fill our time with like netflix or something. So we washed bates motel.
I did you have you watched any good like recent documentaries?
I haven't watched that one yet. The last one that I watched was the Aaron Hernandez one.
That one was really good. Were you an Aaron Hernandez fan? I wasn't really like I knew he was in trouble and I didn't really like know all about the details but after like watching the documentary I kind of like you can call me Jack tip if you want but I kind of like felt for him just because
of
like I don't know I just like felt for him and I just like felt bad. That's the way his life turned out. Yeah.
You're saying you've watched a lot of hulu and netflix when we were talking about her.
No I haven't heard of it.
all America would it be good for me to watch even if I'm not like a football fan?
Yeah. Um there's a lot of movies that I haven't watched yet but I know like people keep telling me to watch them. Like remember the titans? Have you watched that?
Okay tell me the greatest movie you've ever watched before. Okay.
There's one I can think of in particular. It's called Requiem for a Dream.
Yeah it's old movie but it's one of the best movies I've ever watched. It's about um these people like this guy in a scroll or like boyfriend and girlfriend and they're both like really hooked on drugs and this mom is like captivated by this tv game show that she watches all the time and she gets called to be on the T. V. Show and she all her life. She just wanted to fit into the red dress when she was younger to go onto the T. V. Show and like I don't know introduced herself and being motivational speaker. So she gets like wrapped up in this idea while her son is like a drug addict. He gets himself in like further trouble. And the mom um what does she do? The mom end up getting hooked on diet pills. And then at that ending the movie I'll just tell you what happens because I don't know you probably wouldn't watch it.
Okay at the end of the movie her son who was a drug addict, his arm has to be cut off because he was injecting heroin so much it just literally wasn't functional and they ended up in jail. His girlfriend became a prostitute. And then the mom ended up like in a psych ward with a feeding tube. And she never got called for the for the show. It was a scam all along. It's a depressing movie but it's so good.
Requiem for a dream.
It's definitely interesting. It's it starts off kind of like.
Yeah. Yeah but it picks up pace really fast and another one that I really really like is uh john Q
really was Denzel Washington,
it's older.
Um This kid, his son, this it's like a family and his dad is like trying to get his son a heart transplant because the sunlight collapses on the baseball field and the hospital wants all this kind of money to put him on the transplant list. But the family is like living in poverty and they don't have enough money. So um the father goes and holds everybody in the hospital like as hostage until they give his son a heart transplant.
It is it's
so
good.
Mm. Not really, no, it's just pretty consistent but it's really like action packed because there's like, I don't know, there's stuff that like you wouldn't think would happen happens in there.
Alright, next topic? Music.
What's your favorite? Give me your top three artists?
Okay, so my number one is her.
Um I like daniel caesar too.
He's new. And J. Cole,
I love jake whole so much. What's your favorite song he sings?
It's
Is a crooked smile.
Tale of two cities.
Is it off a forest Hills Drive?
Okay. Forest Hills Drive is from like 2014.
Um J. Cole is, I'm trying to figure out what album is my favorite song that he sings is uh Love yours.
And there's like a piano in the beginning and then he goes, no such thing as a life that's better than yours. No such thing as a life that's better than yours. No such thing. No such thing. I know which one you're talking about though. It's the album that looks like it's kind of gold. Yeah.
No role models.
Has
he just came up with a new album like last year. But I didn't I wasn't crazy about his new stuff. I like his old stuff because it's so much more real and it's like heartfelt and I feel like his new stuff is more like Hollywood is pushing it on him to do it. What about Kendrick? Do you like his old stuff for his new stuff?
Mhm. Excuse me.
I completely
forgot
about being humble. What about poetic justice?
Oh well we have like a minute left to talk. I feel like it went by really fast. I had too much fun talking to you.
All right, well I'm gonna let you go now. Um I think we just press the X button. Yeah, the top. But I hope you have a good rest of your day. And I hope your brothers or your sisters and your brothers or your siblings don't drive you too crazy today.
Thank you. I'll see you later.
Bye.