SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Different. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: don't Okay, you
SPEAKER_L: I'm fine. My name is Jim is good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: and a nice to meet you. My name is Travis,
SPEAKER_L: How are you doing Travis?
SPEAKER_R: not that I was watching a movie and I realized it's about time for the call. So
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: here I am.
SPEAKER_L: it's good to meet you. I'm guessing from your surroundings looks like it's still sun stand still brightly out. I'm guessing you must be in the western part. Well,
SPEAKER_R: I am in California.
SPEAKER_L: okay, that's about as west as you get without being a white north Carolina. So we're on the opposite end of the coast. Um How
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: are you doing through the age of covid and everything? Are you all able to get out and do much or?
SPEAKER_R: uh I've been a little strict with myself regarding, you know, going out and whatnot, so keep the necessity and I'm a student, so my classes are online, so not much reason for me to leave.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What are you a student college? Are you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I'm a student university.
SPEAKER_L: okay? Okay. I'm a high school teacher. So I'm teaching virtually. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay, that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: it's an interesting y'all what y'all use canvas as a platform or what do you all use?
SPEAKER_R: Uh so our assignments come in through canvas, our teachings are mostly through zoom. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're kind of using both of those things too. Now. You are you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, um second year sophomore? Uh
SPEAKER_L: All four. Okay. I need to call. All right, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Can I ask what kind of a subject to teach,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I teach history um actually a tennis coach, a history teacher and uh do driver education as well well. But everything there. And do you, have you declared a major yet?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm heading for computer science,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. My son uh works in that field now. He graduated Back in 2014 from unc Chapel Hill, so
SPEAKER_R: it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: he's enjoying it. So what part of the computer science are you going into, you wanting to go into programming or you want to go into? Um yeah, kind of a decision where you want to make it or what you'd like to do when you're in there.
SPEAKER_R: So I really, I had a teaching experience a while ago a couple summers ago and I really enjoy it. So I'm actually hoping to become a teacher some sort um if not though, I do enjoy building robots. I was doing about a lot of logic stuff for many years. So I do enjoy that aspect as well.
SPEAKER_L: What school do you go to?
SPEAKER_R: Actually go to the University of Toronto in Canada. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So that's that's different. I had never thought of that before. Now we're, y'all up there last year when this struck I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was there at the time our semesters in a little early like mid april and epidemic really hit around like mid March. So I stuck around for another month and came back. So here I am. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I understand that. Have daughter who's the same age as you are to, they're actually in college in Mississippi ah and they had to kind of the same thing unearthed. I was in the middle of our spring break, our Tennessee's and it just started, I mean had a week and a half of that. All of a sudden everything came to a crashing halt for us around here and I was totally absolute caught me off guard. I had not realized how serious he was gonna get until I actually got there. Did you see this coming or the kind of sneak up on you too?
SPEAKER_R: Mm Well maybe you can tell that I, I am you know asian, uh so I have relatives in china who kept that attractive and stuff and you know the ones over here. So yeah, I kind of roughly knew it was going to hit pretty hard. Not as hard as it did though. It is very hard in the United States. That's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's not been too bad here in north Carolina, honestly. Um actually, I think the most we've had has been a little uptick recently in terms of numbers, it's just been kind of a slow, steady drip I guess here and everything shut down completely like everywhere else for a while. And then we, we opened back up with driving in june but we've been virtual online with our, well it varies according to system you teach in here. They gave options to the various school systems and some of them even in the, even in our county because of the size of our school. Uh we realized it would take almost two hours to process our students into the high school with all the health checks and screening. So we said we've got to stay virtual, but some of our smaller high schools, they've actually been able to go back Kind of two days, all two days in for half the school, two days for the other half, and then virtual on the other three days when they're not there. My colleagues are not really liking that very much, but I'm sure you'd like to be there in person to, what was it like to go to the University of Toronto?
SPEAKER_R: Uh so that university has three campuses to it and I go to the more suburban ish one uh it's relatively small place like I can walk 11 end to the other at least for all my classes are right within like 10 minutes. Uh Lots of deer around lots of rabbits that was always fun. Uh And you know at the time I lived on residents so I saw them quite often uh as for like Canada itself as a whole I think the thing that hadn't even most was the sales tax which we take kind of for granted. Uh so here in California the sales taxes I think like 89% which does seem pretty high but I know there is like 13% just hit me like a truck so things are expensive there.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I would imagine. Did they
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: pay there's your income tax comparable or they have like, well I mean California has a high state tax and a high income tax I guess as well, hours here in North Carolina is a smidge under 7%. It really is Around 7%. When you put in all the little nuances they say is not a part of what you're still paying, it They're Tennessee's around 13%, but they don't have an income tax. Uh Sorry, first aid,
SPEAKER_R: I think Canada's income tax a little bit lower on average than the U. S. Um But also it's Ontario which is like the most expensive products except maybe Quebec so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: when Toronto as I understand is a pretty cosmopolitan city, would you say that's true,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah for sure, surprisingly clean though like you know I live near san Francisco so when I go there it's like you can smell the sewer coming out.
SPEAKER_L: all of them.
SPEAKER_R: Uh But Toronto knows surprisingly clean, I'm not really sure how he did it to be honest but they finished.
SPEAKER_L: Now, what's the like pain and when you do out of state tuition is higher when you're going out of country now, is you know, Toronto, is that a private university
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: or is this?
SPEAKER_R: it is a public university. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: So the kids in Ontario pay a lot less than I do for sure. Although when I got my acceptance is it was like the only there was only one other university that like that maybe pay less and that was kind of a to me it was like a social university. Uh So yeah despite being an international student I pay less on average and I would have for most of my other acceptances.
SPEAKER_L: Was this your first choice of schools or?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was like one of my two first choices. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. Well that's interesting. Um How does your family feel about that? Have they been up to see you in Toronto or of course with everything going on that makes things different?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So when we moved in, uh my mom and dad came with me to help me move them and stuff. Uh On that note, although I also actually do keep an effort to call my parents regularly, so at least once a week and they got a good glimpse of my life there. I think they come into what's going on,
SPEAKER_L: And so you're you said you're in California right now though, y'all are really off campus, not just because some of the universities here at in north Carolina, they actually are lens, she's kind of weird, they let some of them stay on campus that their classes are all virtual.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's the same for us, but my classes just so happened to all the online so I can just skip it out
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then my daughter's classes, they she goes to smaller school um and it focuses the art, she's a dancer. Um And
SPEAKER_R: brilliant.
SPEAKER_L: so that's kind of hard to do virtually, although they had to finish the spring semester last year doing it perfectly. But I can imagine to be tough. Um Would you say there any particular class you find difficult because it's virtual or is it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think in general things have gone like a little bit easier. Um Just like you know because I can like I don't have to just waking up in the morning for example, I don't have to wake up an hour or two early, I can come and really right as the class starts, it's no problem. Um So I do have more free time in general to work on this stuff. Um They also dropped some certain aspects of the bus, like, you know, Our classes are huge. They're like 108 kids, 200 and lecture, which is obviously why they can put us in there in the physical space. Uh but they also have the small tutorial sections which are just 30 minutes or 30 people and some of those have been canceled because it's kind of hard to do the lab stuff, there. so yeah, more time to work on my work.
SPEAKER_L: Well I guess that makes it good but it also helps that I'm sure you must be disciplined in actually making yourself so at that time trying to tired to set that quiet, try again to set that time aside to do it. Um When I was in college and one of my roommates was a cops. I major and uh it seemed like he would when they had a major program to write or something, he would disappear. Where there was an entirely different time then as long long ago when Have a dorm of 1000 people we had two computers and honestly there were not much more than uh you know which might call a word processor. Uh when he was doing and everything else they would disappear forever in writing endless amounts of code is to do things then he would come back and kind of like, it was good to see you. I really do have a roommate. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It kind of hasn't changed much, right.
SPEAKER_L: It probably changes a little bit as much as he had to go there to actually do the work. Whereas I'm assuming you can do a lot of it off site as far as writing code and stuff, you know, as far as availability of everything.
SPEAKER_R: Even if that wasn't the case, they do let us like access to lab machines. It's a thing called ssh we're basically through the terminal we can control you know erode access computer. So yeah that is the thing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I remember that because my son, when he was in his senior year, he was actually working as one of the assistants for one of the courses and he was talking about being able to work from his apartment and or actually from his dorm room, Excuse me, and be able to access the computer that was in his work area there when he was trying to help great assignments and stuff. It's a different world. So you're looking forward to getting out and doing that. You have any you said you like to work with and I've lost it now.
SPEAKER_R: With I do like
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: teaching
SPEAKER_L: morning.
SPEAKER_R: and I wait for robots. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Whole blocks and stuff like that. What attracts you to that? What?
SPEAKER_R: The challenge I suppose. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't know working with them, this is really fun and it definitely has a bright future so I spent a lot of time with it and like it's basically it's it's an entree path. It's very new, very fresh. It looks interesting. No one has done anything with it and you know I want to see what I can do there.
SPEAKER_L: I'm assuming are you working with large components of A. I. Technology and stuff like that in doing that or not?
SPEAKER_R: I will be not yet. I'm still under more preliminary classes right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but you're not frightened of the future where the robots will take over.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: know I've thought about that and I think it's just really hard to programme like robots I have drive like I don't know like there's a lot of biology that goes on within us that makes us keen
SPEAKER_L: popular
SPEAKER_R: to survive, Right? And
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: I well, the way I see it, that computing and robots, um like programming in general is just like biology, but on a really large scale, like we are in essence making brains when we make, you know, servers and whatnot neither is gigantic oversized brains. So maybe there will be a day when we can, instead of programming on silicon metals, we can program on carbon and oxygen. I think that's where things are going. So All right.
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But at this point in time, I don't think we can have any real real intelligence and drive and living species yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mind I'm kind of hoping we don't where I'm not around to see that. That's kind of spooky to think about that. But so when you think where would you like to live and work, where would be the hot place to be if you're going to be at the center of cutting edge technology and far as working with robotics.
SPEAKER_R: Well, the answer right now would obviously be Silicon Valley, which is where I live, right? But I'm a little skeptical of that these days. I'm sure you've heard a little bit about the fires that ran through our country, right? And the Orange guys, I lived through all of that. I lived in a smokey days. Uh, wasn't fun.
SPEAKER_L: you're only, I hope you are fine and everything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we were, we live in relatively dense areas, so we weren't affected by the fires. Um, yeah, yeah. So I'm inclined to move north because that's where the climate change goes and that's part of the reason I wanted to consider a Canadian school because it's north. Um, Toronto does have a big tech scene. I know some places in Alberta and british Columbia also have thriving vaccine. So that's what I'm considering right now. And you know, I'm obviously considering staying home as well, but we'll see how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you go where the jobs are I guess to a degree. You also were interested in teaching what you and you had a teaching experience. What level was that at? Who are you teaching?
SPEAKER_R: So I did a small tutoring thing in ninth grade that really didn't spark much, but it did help with experience. The thing that really made me enjoy. It was a part time job I did where I was a swim instructor. So I taught that little kids aged 4-12 and I just, I had so much fun with it. Like there was a lot of joy seeing them get better, rise through the ranks and you know, seeing what I tell them directly lead to their improvement. I I just had so much fun with it and I'd love to keep doing it
SPEAKER_L: It can be a lot more fun to see the physical things like that and it sometimes is the intellectual pursuits and it's
SPEAKER_R: I suppose. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a long process to see the high moment in doing the coaching I do and also uh in doing driver's ed. Obviously I'm seeing the direct result of what we're doing. You see that growth and that can be a lot more satisfying when you can see that immediately as opposed to having to wait a long time to kind of see it kind of fruition please. But that's interesting. My youngest son worked with in the swim program to why here, In fact at that time throughout high school he was thinking that's what he'd like to do is be a director of the Y. M. C. A. Because he enjoyed working with, you know, youngsters and stuff like that. Now he's involved in the business world and the insurance agency. But I think if he had his choice, he'd probably like to be a world class disc golf player. What he's taking that up. That's something he didn't start until college, but he's enjoyed that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I mean the way I thought about it was if it turns out I hate teaching, turns out I hate academia, I mean, worst case scenario, I now have a masters or PhD so yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely
SPEAKER_R: squeezable.
SPEAKER_L: good. And a very employable field. There's going to be a need for that for a long time to come. Not when I see, um, this period anytime soon. A lot of jobs are going to that field is only going to grow. Right. Mm hmm. Well, um, were your favorite hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: Hobbies. We think, well I play video games, just like any other person my age, much less these days than I used to and I'm kind of happy about that. I kind of wean myself off. It was maybe becoming an addiction. So I'm happy about that. I'm also learning japanese actually taking time to pass the time with that. Um and
SPEAKER_L: Well, prayer
SPEAKER_R: piano.
SPEAKER_L: because the news I know. Sorry about that. Uh, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: Did you say you play the piano?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do play piano um have had much time as of late and focusing on the class, but I do like to do that in my next on three times yet. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Okay. As our Children had piano that if I had had it when I was there, agent may have changed my career path actually. Um, I probably would have gone into Coral Arts education instead of history. I'm not disappointed. I didn't go that direction, but uh, you better be able to play the piano if you want to do that. Um, they have enjoyed doing
SPEAKER_R: Three.
SPEAKER_L: that. I play guitar and uh, so you haven't, I'm assuming you have electronic keyboard that you okay.
SPEAKER_R: no, I I have a I have a real physical can Oh, I think it's a little hard for me to show you, but Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. I mean, you know, I don't expect you to, wow. Did y'all move that there? We were just there.
SPEAKER_R: it was, it was, yeah, we did because it was a hand me down from my cousins who live a little away, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm guessing it to spin it as opposed to an upright or baby grand or anything like that, but
SPEAKER_R: I don't know enough. Can also say it's a it's a small one, it's not like a Grand Canyon. I'm not quite that bushy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Okay. Well, that's cool. I know each of our Children have 12 took one degree, another enjoyed just kind of using that as a way to decompress sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: it's a wonderful creative album. Do you have any Hope as well that
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you saw? Pretty
SPEAKER_L: I did play guitar. I don't play it very often anymore. I really wind up working about 70 hours a week. So yeah, that, uh, that takes a lot of that time out. I like to get exercise when I can. I'm a voracious walker. That's one of the things that interesting thing about teaching online is most of the time you're waiting for students questions. And so in my classroom at school last spring, we were not in our classroom, we were required to stay home after the first two weeks. Um, and this, this year we go in, but I've set my room up so basically I can take my laptop. We use Macbook airs and I walk around while I'm typing things up on the computer and Getting in about 14 or 15 miles a day on average soon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: 15 mi,
SPEAKER_L: Well it, it goes pretty quickly whenever you know, your, I've been blessed to have the ability to be able to to halfway. I don't type normally because I was told when I was in school, you don't have time for that. Um, you gotta take the upper level chemistry in the upper when I went to Carolina, um, my major was actually wanted to go into research pharmacology And very quickly thought about it one day in the lab. Can I see myself doing this 40 years from now? And I realized the person I admired the most had been my sophomore world history teacher because he seemed to know a little bit about everything. And the nice thing about teaching history is it's not just about both dead people is literally everything ever happened. And so it appealed to all those interests to be able to teach about all those things. So, um, that got me going there. So anyway, since I Hunt and peck anyway, it's easy to hold it with one hand and do the type of with just one hand, I get what I need to get done. But
SPEAKER_R: You know, you can have access for exercise throughout this time. We're not getting enough exercise.
SPEAKER_L: yes, Yes, that's it's true. It is true. So, but to do that wife and are active in our church and we stayed busy with their four Children to uh keeping up with them and growing there no grandchildren yet. But this possibility I guess. Uh huh. At some point, but it just keeps keeps me in a different phase of life that you go through different times. I did decide. One thing that Covid taught me, I am not ready for retirement. You know, when you had to go home and stuff, there's there wasn't the opportunity for that exercise, So yeah, well, not,
SPEAKER_R: maybe it's a little strange, but the father of retirement actually kind of scares me, you know, like not having any kind of guiding purpose, not having any, you know, like not having to do anything. I think that's kind of a scary thought that, you know.
SPEAKER_L: you said my retirement? Well, it's just never had an appeal to me. I figure as long as I'm here, I'm here for a purpose and I've seen too many people over the course of my life when they retired, they didn't live much longer because, you know, I enjoy playing golf, but number one is expensive. And number two, there's just so much of it you want to do before you get tired of that too. Yeah, I would want a purpose. So until, you know, I'm always asked because when you get a certain number of years in with your teaching and I'm up to 34 right now, you always get the question when you're going to retire and I jokingly tell the students, oh, I'll be watching your grandkids coming up here in front of water, uh, at the front. But yeah, yeah, I agree. It. You know, you need something, you need a reason to get up in the morning. So I think anyway, but I think your wires to know that.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I think we're over 25 minutes. But before that, there's something I've been thinking about recently, which I'm actually glad you are my partner. So I don't think there's enough dialogue between like advice going back and forth between the younger and the older generations. So I'm wondering just you know, do you have any advice on anything? Anything you want it all you know about health, about life, goals, about achievements, but psychology anything.
SPEAKER_L: Make sure you take care of all of you, your mind, your spirit in your body and don't know, neglect your spirit, your soul. I'd say that, um, grow in wisdom all the time if you're going to be a teacher. one of things I learned very early on is that Whether you've taught for two or three years or 35 years, if you're not reading, you're not learning, then what your student gets is stagnant swamp water. Um, you can very quickly become, so I don't wanna say board. You need to have an excitement for what you're doing, to excitement for the students,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: of the excitement of what you're doing, that's communicated across whatever your age is. So you want to do that. And I think the other thing is, is a life kind of a life thing. There. The Greeks had a concept, they called R E T A R E T E, which is basically you strive for excellence in everything you do. So whatever you do, even the most menial of things do it the very best you can, that doesn't mean you're gonna spend equal amounts of title and everything, because frankly, you've got to prioritize, you can't do everything, but you do it to the very best ability. You can, you never know when you're going to have that come around and be a blessing down the road. I mean, I cannot predict the things that my students will need to know in a particular classroom. I know there's some things they need to know, but there are some things that will, it'll turn out that I didn't think, you know, this is just one of those obscure facts they won't need, turns out in a couple of years understanding that's very important in making sense of the world. So do that. And teaching is a calling and it's a bit and it's a little mixture. Um, if you read through educational texts and stuff and the research that don't you think it's a science, But
SPEAKER_R: Won't.
SPEAKER_L: it's the, It's at least 50 art as well. I kind of got to have a heart and a desire for it to be able to know when to do it and quickly admit you're wrong to yourself because things can look great on paper and then It falls apart. I know the very first day I had my lesson plans for the first day in my classroom, I quickly realized five minutes in that where I was going was fine, but my students were not there. We had to back it up and do things differently. So you've got to be flexible, you're going to take that approach. But it is the way it is an enjoyable thing. And I can't say is that I regret having taken that course as frustrating as it can be. Um, do those things, you know, how many do the things you have me and take time for the ones you love.
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate this dearly. Thank you so much for
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you. And, uh, if it's all right, I'll be in prayer for you and your future that, uh, you'll have a past that's greatly rewarding to you. Okay?
SPEAKER_R: uh and I wish to send back to you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. It's good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: It is a
SPEAKER_L: Take care,