don't Okay, you
and a nice to meet you. My name is Travis,
not that I was watching a movie and I realized it's about time for the call. So
here I am.
I am in California.
no,
uh I've been a little strict with myself regarding, you know, going out and whatnot, so keep the necessity and I'm a student, so my classes are online, so not much reason for me to leave.
Yeah, yeah, I'm a student university.
Oh, okay, that's interesting.
Uh so our assignments come in through canvas, our teachings are mostly through zoom. Yeah.
Yeah, um second year sophomore? Uh
Can I ask what kind of a subject to teach,
yeah, I'm heading for computer science,
it's cool.
So I really, I had a teaching experience a while ago a couple summers ago and I really enjoy it. So I'm actually hoping to become a teacher some sort um if not though, I do enjoy building robots. I was doing about a lot of logic stuff for many years. So I do enjoy that aspect as well.
Actually go to the University of Toronto in Canada. Yeah.
Yeah. I was there at the time our semesters in a little early like mid april and epidemic really hit around like mid March. So I stuck around for another month and came back. So here I am. Yeah.
Mm Well maybe you can tell that I, I am you know asian, uh so I have relatives in china who kept that attractive and stuff and you know the ones over here. So yeah, I kind of roughly knew it was going to hit pretty hard. Not as hard as it did though. It is very hard in the United States. That's for sure.
Uh so that university has three campuses to it and I go to the more suburban ish one uh it's relatively small place like I can walk 11 end to the other at least for all my classes are right within like 10 minutes. Uh Lots of deer around lots of rabbits that was always fun. Uh And you know at the time I lived on residents so I saw them quite often uh as for like Canada itself as a whole I think the thing that hadn't even most was the sales tax which we take kind of for granted. Uh so here in California the sales taxes I think like 89% which does seem pretty high but I know there is like 13% just hit me like a truck so things are expensive there.
What?
I think Canada's income tax a little bit lower on average than the U. S. Um But also it's Ontario which is like the most expensive products except maybe Quebec so. Yeah.
Oh yeah for sure, surprisingly clean though like you know I live near san Francisco so when I go there it's like you can smell the sewer coming out.
Uh But Toronto knows surprisingly clean, I'm not really sure how he did it to be honest but they finished.
No
it is a public university. Um
So the kids in Ontario pay a lot less than I do for sure. Although when I got my acceptance is it was like the only there was only one other university that like that maybe pay less and that was kind of a to me it was like a social university. Uh So yeah despite being an international student I pay less on average and I would have for most of my other acceptances.
Um It was like one of my two first choices. Yeah.
Mhm. So when we moved in, uh my mom and dad came with me to help me move them and stuff. Uh On that note, although I also actually do keep an effort to call my parents regularly, so at least once a week and they got a good glimpse of my life there. I think they come into what's going on,
Yeah, it's the same for us, but my classes just so happened to all the online so I can just skip it out
brilliant.
I think in general things have gone like a little bit easier. Um Just like you know because I can like I don't have to just waking up in the morning for example, I don't have to wake up an hour or two early, I can come and really right as the class starts, it's no problem. Um So I do have more free time in general to work on this stuff. Um They also dropped some certain aspects of the bus, like, you know, Our classes are huge. They're like 108 kids, 200 and lecture, which is obviously why they can put us in there in the physical space. Uh but they also have the small tutorial sections which are just 30 minutes or 30 people and some of those have been canceled because it's kind of hard to do the lab stuff, there. so yeah, more time to work on my work.
It kind of hasn't changed much, right.
Even if that wasn't the case, they do let us like access to lab machines. It's a thing called ssh we're basically through the terminal we can control you know erode access computer. So yeah that is the thing
With I do like
teaching
and I wait for robots. Yeah
The challenge I suppose. Uh
I mean I don't know working with them, this is really fun and it definitely has a bright future so I spent a lot of time with it and like it's basically it's it's an entree path. It's very new, very fresh. It looks interesting. No one has done anything with it and you know I want to see what I can do there.
I will be not yet. I'm still under more preliminary classes right now.
You
know I've thought about that and I think it's just really hard to programme like robots I have drive like I don't know like there's a lot of biology that goes on within us that makes us keen
to survive, Right? And
I well, the way I see it, that computing and robots, um like programming in general is just like biology, but on a really large scale, like we are in essence making brains when we make, you know, servers and whatnot neither is gigantic oversized brains. So maybe there will be a day when we can, instead of programming on silicon metals, we can program on carbon and oxygen. I think that's where things are going. So All right.
Yeah. But at this point in time, I don't think we can have any real real intelligence and drive and living species yet.
Well, the answer right now would obviously be Silicon Valley, which is where I live, right? But I'm a little skeptical of that these days. I'm sure you've heard a little bit about the fires that ran through our country, right? And the Orange guys, I lived through all of that. I lived in a smokey days. Uh, wasn't fun.
yeah, we were, we live in relatively dense areas, so we weren't affected by the fires. Um, yeah, yeah. So I'm inclined to move north because that's where the climate change goes and that's part of the reason I wanted to consider a Canadian school because it's north. Um, Toronto does have a big tech scene. I know some places in Alberta and british Columbia also have thriving vaccine. So that's what I'm considering right now. And you know, I'm obviously considering staying home as well, but we'll see how it goes.
So I did a small tutoring thing in ninth grade that really didn't spark much, but it did help with experience. The thing that really made me enjoy. It was a part time job I did where I was a swim instructor. So I taught that little kids aged 4-12 and I just, I had so much fun with it. Like there was a lot of joy seeing them get better, rise through the ranks and you know, seeing what I tell them directly lead to their improvement. I I just had so much fun with it and I'd love to keep doing it
I suppose. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I mean the way I thought about it was if it turns out I hate teaching, turns out I hate academia, I mean, worst case scenario, I now have a masters or PhD so yeah. Mhm
squeezable.
Hobbies. We think, well I play video games, just like any other person my age, much less these days than I used to and I'm kind of happy about that. I kind of wean myself off. It was maybe becoming an addiction. So I'm happy about that. I'm also learning japanese actually taking time to pass the time with that. Um and
piano.
mhm
Yeah, I do play piano um have had much time as of late and focusing on the class, but I do like to do that in my next on three times yet. Mhm
Three.
no, I I have a I have a real physical can Oh, I think it's a little hard for me to show you, but Uh huh.
it was, it was, yeah, we did because it was a hand me down from my cousins who live a little away, so
I don't know enough. Can also say it's a it's a small one, it's not like a Grand Canyon. I'm not quite that bushy.
it's a wonderful creative album. Do you have any Hope as well that
you saw? Pretty
15 mi,
You know, you can have access for exercise throughout this time. We're not getting enough exercise.
maybe it's a little strange, but the father of retirement actually kind of scares me, you know, like not having any kind of guiding purpose, not having any, you know, like not having to do anything. I think that's kind of a scary thought that, you know.
Uh I think we're over 25 minutes. But before that, there's something I've been thinking about recently, which I'm actually glad you are my partner. So I don't think there's enough dialogue between like advice going back and forth between the younger and the older generations. So I'm wondering just you know, do you have any advice on anything? Anything you want it all you know about health, about life, goals, about achievements, but psychology anything.
What?
Won't.
I appreciate this dearly. Thank you so much for
uh and I wish to send back to you. Thank you.
It is a