Yeah. Yes thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Different. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hi, how are you?
I'm fine. My name is Jim is good to meet you.
How are you doing Travis?
no,
it's good to meet you. I'm guessing from your surroundings looks like it's still sun stand still brightly out. I'm guessing you must be in the western part. Well,
okay, that's about as west as you get without being a white north Carolina. So we're on the opposite end of the coast. Um How
are you doing through the age of covid and everything? Are you all able to get out and do much or?
Okay. What are you a student college? Are you
okay? Okay. I'm a high school teacher. So I'm teaching virtually. So
it's an interesting y'all what y'all use canvas as a platform or what do you all use?
Yeah, we're kind of using both of those things too. Now. You are you,
All four. Okay. I need to call. All right, go ahead.
Yes, I teach history um actually a tennis coach, a history teacher and uh do driver education as well well. But everything there. And do you, have you declared a major yet?
Okay. My son uh works in that field now. He graduated Back in 2014 from unc Chapel Hill, so
he's enjoying it. So what part of the computer science are you going into, you wanting to go into programming or you want to go into? Um yeah, kind of a decision where you want to make it or what you'd like to do when you're in there.
What school do you go to?
okay. So that's that's different. I had never thought of that before. Now we're, y'all up there last year when this struck I guess.
yeah, I understand that. Have daughter who's the same age as you are to, they're actually in college in Mississippi ah and they had to kind of the same thing unearthed. I was in the middle of our spring break, our Tennessee's and it just started, I mean had a week and a half of that. All of a sudden everything came to a crashing halt for us around here and I was totally absolute caught me off guard. I had not realized how serious he was gonna get until I actually got there. Did you see this coming or the kind of sneak up on you too?
Yeah. Yeah. It's not been too bad here in north Carolina, honestly. Um actually, I think the most we've had has been a little uptick recently in terms of numbers, it's just been kind of a slow, steady drip I guess here and everything shut down completely like everywhere else for a while. And then we, we opened back up with driving in june but we've been virtual online with our, well it varies according to system you teach in here. They gave options to the various school systems and some of them even in the, even in our county because of the size of our school. Uh we realized it would take almost two hours to process our students into the high school with all the health checks and screening. So we said we've got to stay virtual, but some of our smaller high schools, they've actually been able to go back Kind of two days, all two days in for half the school, two days for the other half, and then virtual on the other three days when they're not there. My colleagues are not really liking that very much, but I'm sure you'd like to be there in person to, what was it like to go to the University of Toronto?
Yes, I would imagine. Did they
pay there's your income tax comparable or they have like, well I mean California has a high state tax and a high income tax I guess as well, hours here in North Carolina is a smidge under 7%. It really is Around 7%. When you put in all the little nuances they say is not a part of what you're still paying, it They're Tennessee's around 13%, but they don't have an income tax. Uh Sorry, first aid,
when Toronto as I understand is a pretty cosmopolitan city, would you say that's true,
all of them.
Now, what's the like pain and when you do out of state tuition is higher when you're going out of country now, is you know, Toronto, is that a private university
or is this?
huh.
Was this your first choice of schools or?
Mhm. Okay. Well that's interesting. Um How does your family feel about that? Have they been up to see you in Toronto or of course with everything going on that makes things different?
And so you're you said you're in California right now though, y'all are really off campus, not just because some of the universities here at in north Carolina, they actually are lens, she's kind of weird, they let some of them stay on campus that their classes are all virtual.
Yeah and then my daughter's classes, they she goes to smaller school um and it focuses the art, she's a dancer. Um And
so that's kind of hard to do virtually, although they had to finish the spring semester last year doing it perfectly. But I can imagine to be tough. Um Would you say there any particular class you find difficult because it's virtual or is it? Yeah.
Well I guess that makes it good but it also helps that I'm sure you must be disciplined in actually making yourself so at that time trying to tired to set that quiet, try again to set that time aside to do it. Um When I was in college and one of my roommates was a cops. I major and uh it seemed like he would when they had a major program to write or something, he would disappear. Where there was an entirely different time then as long long ago when Have a dorm of 1000 people we had two computers and honestly there were not much more than uh you know which might call a word processor. Uh when he was doing and everything else they would disappear forever in writing endless amounts of code is to do things then he would come back and kind of like, it was good to see you. I really do have a roommate. Uh
It probably changes a little bit as much as he had to go there to actually do the work. Whereas I'm assuming you can do a lot of it off site as far as writing code and stuff, you know, as far as availability of everything.
Yeah, I remember that because my son, when he was in his senior year, he was actually working as one of the assistants for one of the courses and he was talking about being able to work from his apartment and or actually from his dorm room, Excuse me, and be able to access the computer that was in his work area there when he was trying to help great assignments and stuff. It's a different world. So you're looking forward to getting out and doing that. You have any you said you like to work with and I've lost it now.
Good
morning.
Whole blocks and stuff like that. What attracts you to that? What?
Yeah.
I'm assuming are you working with large components of A. I. Technology and stuff like that in doing that or not?
Yeah but you're not frightened of the future where the robots will take over.
Well
popular
point.
That's amazing.
Yeah. My mind I'm kind of hoping we don't where I'm not around to see that. That's kind of spooky to think about that. But so when you think where would you like to live and work, where would be the hot place to be if you're going to be at the center of cutting edge technology and far as working with robotics.
you're only, I hope you are fine and everything.
Yeah, you go where the jobs are I guess to a degree. You also were interested in teaching what you and you had a teaching experience. What level was that at? Who are you teaching?
It can be a lot more fun to see the physical things like that and it sometimes is the intellectual pursuits and it's
a long process to see the high moment in doing the coaching I do and also uh in doing driver's ed. Obviously I'm seeing the direct result of what we're doing. You see that growth and that can be a lot more satisfying when you can see that immediately as opposed to having to wait a long time to kind of see it kind of fruition please. But that's interesting. My youngest son worked with in the swim program to why here, In fact at that time throughout high school he was thinking that's what he'd like to do is be a director of the Y. M. C. A. Because he enjoyed working with, you know, youngsters and stuff like that. Now he's involved in the business world and the insurance agency. But I think if he had his choice, he'd probably like to be a world class disc golf player. What he's taking that up. That's something he didn't start until college, but he's enjoyed that,
Absolutely
good. And a very employable field. There's going to be a need for that for a long time to come. Not when I see, um, this period anytime soon. A lot of jobs are going to that field is only going to grow. Right. Mm hmm. Well, um, were your favorite hobbies?
Well, prayer
because the news I know. Sorry about that. Uh, yeah.
Did you say you play the piano?
Okay. As our Children had piano that if I had had it when I was there, agent may have changed my career path actually. Um, I probably would have gone into Coral Arts education instead of history. I'm not disappointed. I didn't go that direction, but uh, you better be able to play the piano if you want to do that. Um, they have enjoyed doing
that. I play guitar and uh, so you haven't, I'm assuming you have electronic keyboard that you okay.
Sure. I mean, you know, I don't expect you to, wow. Did y'all move that there? We were just there.
Okay. I'm guessing it to spin it as opposed to an upright or baby grand or anything like that, but
yeah. Okay. Well, that's cool. I know each of our Children have 12 took one degree, another enjoyed just kind of using that as a way to decompress sometimes.
All
I did play guitar. I don't play it very often anymore. I really wind up working about 70 hours a week. So yeah, that, uh, that takes a lot of that time out. I like to get exercise when I can. I'm a voracious walker. That's one of the things that interesting thing about teaching online is most of the time you're waiting for students questions. And so in my classroom at school last spring, we were not in our classroom, we were required to stay home after the first two weeks. Um, and this, this year we go in, but I've set my room up so basically I can take my laptop. We use Macbook airs and I walk around while I'm typing things up on the computer and Getting in about 14 or 15 miles a day on average soon. Yeah.
Well it, it goes pretty quickly whenever you know, your, I've been blessed to have the ability to be able to to halfway. I don't type normally because I was told when I was in school, you don't have time for that. Um, you gotta take the upper level chemistry in the upper when I went to Carolina, um, my major was actually wanted to go into research pharmacology And very quickly thought about it one day in the lab. Can I see myself doing this 40 years from now? And I realized the person I admired the most had been my sophomore world history teacher because he seemed to know a little bit about everything. And the nice thing about teaching history is it's not just about both dead people is literally everything ever happened. And so it appealed to all those interests to be able to teach about all those things. So, um, that got me going there. So anyway, since I Hunt and peck anyway, it's easy to hold it with one hand and do the type of with just one hand, I get what I need to get done. But
yes, Yes, that's it's true. It is true. So, but to do that wife and are active in our church and we stayed busy with their four Children to uh keeping up with them and growing there no grandchildren yet. But this possibility I guess. Uh huh. At some point, but it just keeps keeps me in a different phase of life that you go through different times. I did decide. One thing that Covid taught me, I am not ready for retirement. You know, when you had to go home and stuff, there's there wasn't the opportunity for that exercise, So yeah, well, not,
you said my retirement? Well, it's just never had an appeal to me. I figure as long as I'm here, I'm here for a purpose and I've seen too many people over the course of my life when they retired, they didn't live much longer because, you know, I enjoy playing golf, but number one is expensive. And number two, there's just so much of it you want to do before you get tired of that too. Yeah, I would want a purpose. So until, you know, I'm always asked because when you get a certain number of years in with your teaching and I'm up to 34 right now, you always get the question when you're going to retire and I jokingly tell the students, oh, I'll be watching your grandkids coming up here in front of water, uh, at the front. But yeah, yeah, I agree. It. You know, you need something, you need a reason to get up in the morning. So I think anyway, but I think your wires to know that.
Make sure you take care of all of you, your mind, your spirit in your body and don't know, neglect your spirit, your soul. I'd say that, um, grow in wisdom all the time if you're going to be a teacher. one of things I learned very early on is that Whether you've taught for two or three years or 35 years, if you're not reading, you're not learning, then what your student gets is stagnant swamp water. Um, you can very quickly become, so I don't wanna say board. You need to have an excitement for what you're doing, to excitement for the students,
of the excitement of what you're doing, that's communicated across whatever your age is. So you want to do that. And I think the other thing is, is a life kind of a life thing. There. The Greeks had a concept, they called R E T A R E T E, which is basically you strive for excellence in everything you do. So whatever you do, even the most menial of things do it the very best you can, that doesn't mean you're gonna spend equal amounts of title and everything, because frankly, you've got to prioritize, you can't do everything, but you do it to the very best ability. You can, you never know when you're going to have that come around and be a blessing down the road. I mean, I cannot predict the things that my students will need to know in a particular classroom. I know there's some things they need to know, but there are some things that will, it'll turn out that I didn't think, you know, this is just one of those obscure facts they won't need, turns out in a couple of years understanding that's very important in making sense of the world. So do that. And teaching is a calling and it's a bit and it's a little mixture. Um, if you read through educational texts and stuff and the research that don't you think it's a science, But
it's the, It's at least 50 art as well. I kind of got to have a heart and a desire for it to be able to know when to do it and quickly admit you're wrong to yourself because things can look great on paper and then It falls apart. I know the very first day I had my lesson plans for the first day in my classroom, I quickly realized five minutes in that where I was going was fine, but my students were not there. We had to back it up and do things differently. So you've got to be flexible, you're going to take that approach. But it is the way it is an enjoyable thing. And I can't say is that I regret having taken that course as frustrating as it can be. Um, do those things, you know, how many do the things you have me and take time for the ones you love.
Thank you. Thank you. And, uh, if it's all right, I'll be in prayer for you and your future that, uh, you'll have a past that's greatly rewarding to you. Okay?
Thank you. It's good to meet you.
Take care,