SPEAKER_L: chair. I'm way,
SPEAKER_R: how's it going? Pretty good. Pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just glad I got my partner this time way
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Were you? So he stood up last time?
SPEAKER_L: two times in a row, wait a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: half hour each time. It was driving me insane way.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I thought you only had to wait like five minutes or something like that. Have some eco problems on my answer and uh maybe maybe a headset work? Uh huh. Mm hmm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: tha
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you still go a little bit but not as bad as before. Mm
SPEAKER_L: turn my volume down a little bit as well. I
SPEAKER_R: and even worse, like
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: I did my first one yesterday and it was just like Echo was really bad and I uh I changed my change my browser a little bit but looks like it's still over there, but that was weird.
SPEAKER_L: this is your first time doing the little webcam chat. I think
SPEAKER_R: Uh Second time doing the study, I did my first one yesterday morning. Well
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: I do
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: like I use zoom and stuff fine. Uh but I don't know, it was just starting to change the settings for this particular think
SPEAKER_L: I think this is my sixth time doing this same payment each time, 17 50
SPEAKER_R: Nice basket. That's cool. I didn't expect to be
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: able to just jump back in and update my availability and then get him next day. I think that's pretty, pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: usually takes a while usually like uh what do you want to talk about? I guess. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Let's say that I'm out here in California radio Korea located
SPEAKER_L: I'm here in florida
SPEAKER_R: florida. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: the border of Alabama right
SPEAKER_R: Up
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: in there, was that a panhandle area that was called cocoa And I've been to florida a long time ago whenever they
SPEAKER_L: tha
SPEAKER_R: reach. And I had a friend who lives like way down in bradenton near Sarasota, I've been like, I think they told me one of the beast that is for
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: the yeah, I grew up,
SPEAKER_L: you. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: oh I was saying I grew up in Ohio, but I've lived in I lived in L. A. From the past like nine years,
SPEAKER_L: What's it like over there?
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool, pretty cool. Kind of kind of expensive but uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I knew
SPEAKER_R: whether
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: it's yeah, whether whether it's pretty nice and uh I do miss the snow, like I used to like the full four seasons we had in Ohio was kind of like yeah, kind of kind of cool whether you can't miss it after a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we very rarely get snow around here like a couple inches every couple of years. I love the winter though, but the florida summers just terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I bet it's pretty hot and humid probably.
SPEAKER_L: usually summers, upper nineties heat index realm, you know, 151 10.
SPEAKER_R: Oh man, at the actually they're like in Ohio actually does get recently hot for just like a brief period uh like July or whatever, or July, early August sometimes get up to over 100, but wasn't it's not like a too bad.
SPEAKER_L: Well here it stays warm about 10 months of the year. Uh I mean even in Paul, January and February, it starts to get a little bit cold, but it's still warm. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: and I was kind of hard to figure out things to talk about when you uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: put up to it like this, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, what do you, what do you do for you, you do anything for work?
SPEAKER_L: Just a cashier.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done my retail, I've worked in restaurants usually, but I've been out of work since the end of uh end of july but
SPEAKER_L: Pandemic. Good.
SPEAKER_R: well, it was like a one of the co workers we got with new tested positive for Covid and the people who work, I like they didn't quite brushed under the table, but they were like, didn't seem to have like a policy for it. And I was kind of annoyed and I kind of like, I wasn't really enjoying the job too much and was planning on saving up till the end of the year and input and leaving. So I had the somebody's savings, especially once once Covid started, I just started saving all my money, like stop spinning into anything just in case.
SPEAKER_L: No, netflix are not my bad
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So in the meantime I um just been trying to find like all my work that's not like find stuff like this doing a prolific in china find money to at least to at least pay my for food and regular bills. Were you using my savings to cover rent?
SPEAKER_L: Around here, cost of living is pretty low. Around here, you can survive on $1,200 a month. Pretty low.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. I like that little the person who has a couple of dogs help take care of because it's partially disabled, so I get a little bit of discount on the rent. And living especially living in the area I live in like I couldn't afford it otherwise. Oh
SPEAKER_L: What's your
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: rent?
SPEAKER_R: Oh just sk 700 and I have to have a room room basically.
SPEAKER_L: That's not too terrible, it's 600 here. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: three
SPEAKER_R: I got up in Ohio home, man, I had my own like I lived near Dayton after school and I had like my own my own like two bedroom two bathroom apartment for like 66 25%. Like that 6 15 came around, which it was but it was like I had roommates at first and they're moving out and I was like, oh I talked the apartment people, I was like, hey can I maybe move to like a one bedroom since I'm everyone we see more. And they're like, well we don't have any available, but we can just Take this, take the rent down for you basically, since I already live there. And I was like, oh, definitely take that definitely took that for granted. I was making such a small amount of money to making like $8 or $9 an hour working at working at Bob Evans back in the back in a little while ago, but still was like, that definitely wouldn't fly out here. Oh
SPEAKER_L: you married or anything, You got a girlfriend
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: have a have a have a have a girlfriend. I'm not married. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you still look pretty
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: young though, so.
SPEAKER_R: It's always always time for the future. Probably getting too too old to like want to have kids though. I wasn't really sure if I want to know. Probably wishes I uh not wishes, but if I wanted to have kids, it'll be easier to have them when I was younger almost. Uh
SPEAKER_L: how old are
SPEAKER_R: I don't,
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: I turned 35 this year. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You don't look at it. I thought
SPEAKER_R: baby
SPEAKER_L: I thought you were around my age, I'm 27.
SPEAKER_R: 27 people kind of tend to like go around their age when they when they when they guess I noticed sometimes I get thrown off especially living in living in uh California, there's a lot of like hispanic people who like I always guess wrong like Latinos and asians, like I always think I always think I'm older than them are the same age and they're like three or four years older than me and I'm like oh wow some
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know it's
SPEAKER_R: people have just, especially people who have like super big baby faces.
SPEAKER_L: like eight and asian
SPEAKER_R: Eight.
SPEAKER_L: people tend to aids really well.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah so I was I would I would joke like man if I had a kid and I was really young they would almost be like you know 18 by now and I could just be living the life I do now now almost like I know obviously have a lot more responsibilities but uh yeah I guess uh I think I was too worried about maybe accidentally getting was getting with someone that was crazy, so grew up in a small city in Ohio, so it's like you just see that happen a lot, like people hooking up and all my friends on facebook have kids that are pretty much almost the dope, so that a few few of them have kids that are growing up and some of them are some of our relationships but then there are sometimes others are just like you know so much drama.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I know that personally. A girl that burned my boots before, that's about the limit the damage though thankfully
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah that's again.
SPEAKER_L: my cousin, his wife cheated on him and trashed his house.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's yeah some farmers glad I didn't end up like you know because I was really young and stupid to like I remember we were pushing like girlfriend lost my virginity to when I was uh just just out of high school like uh could have ended up with her having would have been probably good but at the same time I like I like a deep sense of like a very loyal personality. It's probably stuck with her anyway like thank goodness
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: say didn't uh you have too much bad things happen. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: just kind of think of stuff we talked about uh musical tastes.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: kind of run
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: the run the gamut. I grew up listening to the rapid R. And B. And stuff. Then like guys like the oldest kick when I was in high school and then um I have some friends playing like a like a like a metal band. I started losing a lot of metal bands and I I played piano so I joined the band is like a keyboard player. We can play a lot of like local shows. It's really cool. We could just kind of Ran out our little parks for like $30 or something like that and put on, put on a show. And we tried these show trade was banned from out of towns and then going like little little like mini tours up and down the coast where we just basically didn't make any money at all. But it was so fun. Like, I really wish you uh Myspace back in the day. It was pretty cool that we could kind of just uh you can kind of just search for like shows by zip code and then like just look fine shows and find venues. And sometimes they say like, oh T. B. A. So like we message people try to get on underground shows and it was really really fun. Go
SPEAKER_L: it reminds
SPEAKER_R: on the road and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: me of reading about stories of like the doors and what not going to the whiskey. A go go in California.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. The sex is like all those venues are still here, but like California, like they're still like a lot of it from the music scene perspective is they have the history, but now everything's like pay to play kind of pay to play. It's like they want you to pre sale tickets. And there's so many sketchy booking looking people who like set up their own little jobs where they Trying to Buffy shows have, the band's three bucks a ticket. So, I've read articles like, you know about how it looks like it almost ruins the scene a little bit where it's like instead of going for quality, we're going to forever. Like, you know, whatever kids popular has, a bunch of friends will come out to show. So it's kind of like I kind of had a JD reaction coming to L. A. And think how like all the all these iconic venues like pretty crap for up and coming bands. But they're so good for like established bands. So you don't have to worry about that. They're still pretty really cool. Mm hmm. What about your kind of music? The uh
SPEAKER_L: really pretty much anything uh except some really obscure stuff like uh like you know, weird stuff. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I found that I like like almost almost all music in his life. I've seen some good bands from genres. I don't listen to it. And sometimes I listen to something like, like I see like a record. I was like, man, this sounds okay. But I would probably love to hear live. Especially if they're like really talented musicians.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: I have only been to one live show and it was when I was a teenager it
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: was a band called three days grace. But
SPEAKER_R: Pretty, pretty popular back in the early 2000s.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was probably like 12, 13 years old.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. But since I was in my little music scene, I just want to like a lot of like small and under underground shows that you're pretty cool. I like I kind of like smaller shows more than big shows because what is big, it's kind of like I've been like maybe I don't want to ask tests like back in the day it was cool because it's so crowded and like just full of people and if you wanted to go up up close to you have to get like squashing the people. And it's kind of like weird like we were going to smaller shows if a band not that big, it's kind of cool because you get better chance to interact with the band, they'll stick around, talk to people and like you know, yeah make some pretty good friends. But I remember like I grew up in a small city called Mansfield and like no bands would come there. It's like it's like halfway between Cleveland and columbus. Um The most famous thing you probably have is an old old prison. That's where they shot the movie Shawshank
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Redemption. Yeah but a lot of times like shows like you know if your up and coming band or a touring band um you have contracts for you, you can't play with them like a certain radius of of mileage so a bank and play in Cleveland and columbus but it wouldn't be the player showing between. And then I went to school in Dayton which is kind of the same halfway between columbus and uh Cincinnati. So a lot of bands that played those markets probably wouldn't play dating. You know dating is a pretty decent sized city. It's still like a lot of good bands would come there so but still I saw some shows and dating and then I want to move to columbus and I was like oh man so many so many bands are playing in columbus like I want to go see all and it's crazy and it was really cool. Then I moved to L. A. And I was like I can't afford to go to shows because like every band plays and every band plays in L. A. And like if I really wanted to like keep up with it I would just go broke so fast. It went from having like just enough to just being oversaturated with options and I'm like I can't especially like moving and like a lot of the chef jobs, the cook cooking jobs almost paid the same. Which I was shocked at first while you dig a little hard you could find better paying jobs. But I was really shocked going from columbus Ohio to L. A. And then going on jobs searches and then seeing like the same salary like announced I'm like this is like twice as expensive as columbus at least. But
SPEAKER_L: how much the tickets cost nowadays anyway.
SPEAKER_R: for me, I don't know, I don't I don't go to see too many major shows like maybe once a year but it's like it's so much, it's like you can't even know what the prices because once you go through ticketmaster, whatever they have all these fees, it's obnoxious. It's like let's just 30, maybe a $30 ticket will have like a $15, extra fees on it for like and it's just like, it makes me
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so mad.
SPEAKER_L: know when I was younger I wanted to go to a pink Floyd concept sir but ticket was like an excess of the brand.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Pink Floyd would have been, yeah that would have been really expensive. I bet bands like band super established brands like that, they're taking too expensive. I haven't even gone to like a show from any like major major band like that. Like I've been there some kind of old school, I've been a civil servants have been awhile that never like have never made it huge. Like. Ufo. I went to see a show. I think they played it and whiskey or something like that. But they're like old school rock band that like I have made and would, would, would cover their songs way back in the day. So I was like, I was probably the youngest person there. I was, I was literally trying to find people who were like remotely as young as me. Like I get really excited. But most people were like maybe 10, 20 years older than me. This could be pretty cool. The mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. You have any other, huh? Any hobby is music and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: there's typical for any person not like going fishing quite the music, playing video games.
SPEAKER_R: So cool. I haven't gone fishing in a long time. I uh I went when I was a kid up at lake Erie listen family, but I don't remember much. But um, when I was moving to California, me, nobody drove out and he had a friend in texas in this little small town outside of Dallas called, I think it's called no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, excuse me, no, no, no Nevada texas, uh stuff one. Uh, we went fishing and I was really excited. I haven't been fishing since I was a kid and I got, I got super excited. I was like trying to catch the fish was like some sort of like a river and finally caught one and I was like, yeah, I got a fish and then I got so traumatized by the thing having eyes. I was like, I was like sitting with that fucking, if he didn't have a, I wouldn't want to bother me. But I was like, I really, really loved me. I just like struggling and flipping around. I probably used to it. I was like, oh man, that kind of kind of ruined my, ruin my buzz a little bit because I was like, also excited. I can't see it then. It was still like, you know, getting skin didn't have some fish and it's pretty, pretty, pretty cool. But where I was like, I guess I ask too much of a pacifist for fishing, I suppose. Or maybe I'll try to get some stuff like lobsters or things that don't have eyes that stare at me.
SPEAKER_L: I don't really keep them honestly I just catch and release like you like you too much a pacifist. Uh um
SPEAKER_R: It's funny though, if we didn't have a I probably know us, but the eyes just like uh but uh what kind of games do you play?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty much any genre except like sports and those music games. I don't like those. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I used to play a lot and I still, I still will buy that again, but I don't have time to play anymore or I have client. But some reason I feel like it's like I should be doing other things. But mostly I just play Overwatch from time to time. The kind of like wind down.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I know the feeling.
SPEAKER_R: I used to be like into all the RPGS and games that will take like 100 hours to be like playing like uh Final Fantasy games and stuff back in the playstation. And I like I like fighting games a lot too. Mm
SPEAKER_L: yeah I can tell you again what not.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Second tag was my was my jam man. Like before I even had a Playstation two. Like I have my mom would take me up to the arcade on the weekends and I'll just fucking played second tag all the all day. And they had like uh tournaments which are pretty cool. Like they were like a couple of guys who had their like three guys that can never be, they were just like just like so good. But remember the highest ever got won the tournament was like, I got in second place and I managed to beat one of the guys that only be like every once or twice before, and I was like, yeah, I made it.
SPEAKER_L: I was I'm pretty terrible fighting games but they're fine. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly I'm terrible games and then uh but I know what you mean about not having the time. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It's weird. It's like, I feel like I have the time, but I feel like I'm wasting my time so I find other ways to waste of time. It's really, really dumb. It's like psychological thing where I feel like I'm not I'm not successful enough to be wasting my time playing video games. Well then it's kind of using that that time to be productive. I kind of just will browse the internet or something else like, like what am I doing? I might as well just be playing just playing video games.
SPEAKER_L: at least in some way to wind down. Uh I mean I'm too tired most of time to play a game on the computer but
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: uh, I did get one of them. Uh Nintendo switch is, it's good for playing that when you get some trying to get some sleep, you know, uh,
SPEAKER_R: I was thinking about getting one but then I will since everyone's doing their playing when I was trying to save money so I didn't and then they blew up prices, I was like oh crap all of a sudden they were like $500, Well if typical Nintendo
SPEAKER_L: back in stock now. But
SPEAKER_R: do a little
SPEAKER_L: I got mine about a year ago before uh, almost a year ago. Right before this started. So
SPEAKER_R: cool cool. Yeah everyone was, what game is everyone playing? Uh Uh huh. Yeah I forget the game everyone's playing on on a sweat through the animal crossing or something like that or some farm game and it was like those people are posted on my facebook feed talking about how they had beats for sale or something like that and it's gonna visit there. That's
SPEAKER_L: I don't say that. I don't really have that game myself. I think it's more like a woman's game, you know, something women
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: working today. But I guess I'm just a little bit of ice.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty sure for sure.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'd be embarrassed to say that I've been playing the game like that, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Well here is a lot different even for being from Ohio to California, it's a lot different like you know uh people's perspectives and uh terms of like political correctness. It's kind of it's kind of like my friends from Ohio visit, I was like you gotta watch me say a little bit like you know you know we grew up with a different dialogue well but
SPEAKER_L: burn in.
SPEAKER_R: it's a little
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: more serious out here, Well
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: Los
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: Angeles.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't mean in a negative way. It's just, it does seem like kind of a girl, the game, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Right there for sure. Uh huh. But uh well so what are your favorite games to play to wind down on the switch?
SPEAKER_L: right now, I've been playing High road warriors and uh, fire emblem.
SPEAKER_R: okay I heard about I don't know the gangs but no like there's a lot of fire emblem characters on smash brothers, so I don't have like a pretty big fan base. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I played the new smash game. I used to play melee on the game kid. But uh, that's not it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I haven't like I never got into them because like I was I was I was a fighting game theorist. Kind of like fighting games and a half. So let's match. But this came out were like, what's this crap? But it's like, that's such a huge base man. Like, I like, I've seen these Youtube videos about their tournaments and they're like, controversies and things like that, and I'm like, wow, that's fascinating. Is the whole subculture of
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like, yes.
SPEAKER_L: aren't getting into all that.
SPEAKER_R: Uh and I think there are still people playing melee to like, there's still like, malay tournaments. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: well I was never up to that kind of thing. I just,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, it's a different ballgame. Like, uh it came as I went to I went to college. I had a guy I met on Myspace for about 1000 tip back in the day, and uh he mentioned that he played second on Myspace profile. So sweet. We got to play, this guy would actually play like, online and tournaments. And he was like, I could like, I could compete with him only if I played with my best players. He was just like such an order of magnitude like better than me like if he really tried I was like, it was like shocking. I was like and then he like he had other friends that played, he invite them over when you play like a little bit. But it was just like man like it's like a whole another class of like people who played And I tried playing again recently. I tried playing 2nd 7 like uh kind of a buddy of mine who met, he was like hosting like open mics for like comedians and stuff kind of a random got picked up a few years ago but I haven't done it a long time. But I was friends on facebook with him. I mean buy me to like a tech and seven turn man. I was like, oh man, let me try. Like, so I tried like I, I bought the game for, I played it. I tried to press, it was so different from like second tags several years ago and I tried to go on tournament. I did pretty awful about like, it'll be kind of fun. But I don't, I don't have the commitment that had wild in high school. So like get really good at getting this game.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: It was kind of fun going to a tournament. Like, you know, maybe like,
SPEAKER_L: Most studies available and prolific.
SPEAKER_R: maybe uh, I've been, I've been nostalgic for for the past man. I wish there was a cheat code I could use to just get get competent. Be competitive.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, if you don't do it for a long time, friday ST ever going to get back to being real good.
SPEAKER_R: That's yeah, that's unfortunate.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I was never really good to begin with, but it was just fun.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. But it's like all the, it's all about juggling clearly. It's all like you find the move to like get him up in the air and then you like float in the air for like five seconds as they beat the crap out of you. And I'm like, you gotta learn so many
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: things. I'm like, man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just don't have the uh, reflexes with that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very, very frustrating. Yeah. Uh hmm. Mhm. It looks like our 25 minutes
SPEAKER_L: Wait
SPEAKER_R: are pretty much up unless you want to talk about anything else.
SPEAKER_L: another three minutes just to be safe
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay, cool. What's
SPEAKER_L: because I came
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: in here way
SPEAKER_R: uh any favorite restaurants or things like to eat around where you live?
SPEAKER_L: I'm fan of Zac's piece way, have some hot wings that I enjoy
SPEAKER_R: I am a
SPEAKER_L: way
SPEAKER_R: huge fan of wings.
SPEAKER_L: can't eat them on the side of the hottest though way
SPEAKER_R: I've been trying to get a little better remember the uh the first time I, people would always joke about like, you know all you have spicy food, you got me in the bathroom and never bothered me. So one time I was like, I figured I was living in near Dayton and they had like a bar At like $3 pitchers of beer and like 25% wing nights. So I was like, Oh, I was game, we'd go like and spend like $10 and just like, it was cool. But one day, the next day at work, that combination finally like calling back to me, I was in the bathroom, you in the bathroom. And I thought I was like, I thought I was injured because I drink too much beer with the wings and that looking hot sauce basically came right out. And I was like, it was it was pretty, pretty embarrassing when I was young. I guess I gotta figure out some balance when I'm drinking and eating hot wings.
SPEAKER_L: it might just be the tolerance, but I think people would exaggerate how bad the heat can be coming out. You know, I mean because it's about the only times I've really had it real bad was when I ate Habanero Hot wings Way. I guess we can go and uh call this up. You know, it's
SPEAKER_R: for sure. For sure. Last
SPEAKER_L: meat.
SPEAKER_R: time it wasn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: him again, but I think we got that
SPEAKER_L: didn't get last year's either. I don't upset
SPEAKER_R: was uh Seth. I'm
SPEAKER_L: chris. All right, You,
SPEAKER_R: It was nice to meet you.