chair. I'm way,
I'm just glad I got my partner this time way
two times in a row, wait a
half hour each time. It was driving me insane way.
tha
turn my volume down a little bit as well. I
think
this is your first time doing the little webcam chat. I think
this
is,
I think this is my sixth time doing this same payment each time, 17 50
thing
usually takes a while usually like uh what do you want to talk about? I guess. Uh
I'm here in florida
the border of Alabama right
here.
tha
thank
you. Go ahead.
What's it like over there?
Yeah, I knew
that.
Yeah, we very rarely get snow around here like a couple inches every couple of years. I love the winter though, but the florida summers just terrible.
usually summers, upper nineties heat index realm, you know, 151 10.
Well here it stays warm about 10 months of the year. Uh I mean even in Paul, January and February, it starts to get a little bit cold, but it's still warm. Uh
and I was kind of hard to figure out things to talk about when you uh
put up to it like this, you know.
Just a cashier.
Pandemic. Good.
No, netflix are not my bad
Around here, cost of living is pretty low. Around here, you can survive on $1,200 a month. Pretty low.
What's your
rent?
That's not too terrible, it's 600 here. Uh
three
you married or anything, You got a girlfriend
or?
you still look pretty
young though, so.
how old are
you?
You don't look at it. I thought
I thought you were around my age, I'm 27.
Yeah, I know it's
like eight and asian
people tend to aids really well.
yeah. I know that personally. A girl that burned my boots before, that's about the limit the damage though thankfully
my cousin, his wife cheated on him and trashed his house.
come on.
just kind of think of stuff we talked about uh musical tastes.
Thank
you.
it reminds
me of reading about stories of like the doors and what not going to the whiskey. A go go in California.
really pretty much anything uh except some really obscure stuff like uh like you know, weird stuff. You know,
I've
I have only been to one live show and it was when I was a teenager it
was a band called three days grace. But
yeah, I was probably like 12, 13 years old.
All
how much the tickets cost nowadays anyway.
I
know when I was younger I wanted to go to a pink Floyd concept sir but ticket was like an excess of the brand.
there's typical for any person not like going fishing quite the music, playing video games.
I don't really keep them honestly I just catch and release like you like you too much a pacifist. Uh um
Pretty much any genre except like sports and those music games. I don't like those. Uh
Oh yeah I know the feeling.
yeah I can tell you again what not.
I was I'm pretty terrible fighting games but they're fine. Uh
Honestly I'm terrible games and then uh but I know what you mean about not having the time. Uh
at least in some way to wind down. Uh I mean I'm too tired most of time to play a game on the computer but
uh, I did get one of them. Uh Nintendo switch is, it's good for playing that when you get some trying to get some sleep, you know, uh,
back in stock now. But
I got mine about a year ago before uh, almost a year ago. Right before this started. So
I don't say that. I don't really have that game myself. I think it's more like a woman's game, you know, something women
working today. But I guess I'm just a little bit of ice.
I mean, I'd be embarrassed to say that I've been playing the game like that, you know,
burn in.
I
didn't
mean
I didn't mean in a negative way. It's just, it does seem like kind of a girl, the game, you know,
right now, I've been playing High road warriors and uh, fire emblem.
I played the new smash game. I used to play melee on the game kid. But uh, that's not it.
It's
aren't getting into all that.
well I was never up to that kind of thing. I just,
yeah, that's cool.
Most studies available and prolific.
Honestly, if you don't do it for a long time, friday ST ever going to get back to being real good.
I mean, I was never really good to begin with, but it was just fun.
I
just don't have the uh, reflexes with that kind of thing.
Wait
another three minutes just to be safe
because I came
in here way
I'm fan of Zac's piece way, have some hot wings that I enjoy
way
can't eat them on the side of the hottest though way
it might just be the tolerance, but I think people would exaggerate how bad the heat can be coming out. You know, I mean because it's about the only times I've really had it real bad was when I ate Habanero Hot wings Way. I guess we can go and uh call this up. You know, it's
meat.
I
didn't get last year's either. I don't upset
chris. All right, You,