SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: uh what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: My name is april
SPEAKER_R: Hi april I'm a more.
SPEAKER_L: what a more Oh that's a beautiful name.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I know you're month
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: just passes May 1st.
SPEAKER_L: All right, so have you ever done anything like this before?
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna ask you the same thing. No. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I was like how awkward is this conversation going to be but I'll be okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So where are you from like where are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: in the world?
SPEAKER_L: in the orange, I'm in southern California, so I'm in the Orange County area, it's kind of like the next county over from Los Angeles. So it's still pretty city like and pretty, you know, fast paced and city life. How about you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm in the next state over, I'm in Arizona phoenix. Um I've lived here in Arizona like my whole life, so but it's my first time being in phoenix, so I'm like right where all this stuff is, I'm right by the airport, so I'm like in the city, you know?
SPEAKER_L: more?
SPEAKER_R: But uh yeah but I'm familiar with L. A. I've I've also lived there, I'm a military brat, so I've kind of been everywhere, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you mean you've been like growing up, you moved all over the country like you've lived in different states and
SPEAKER_R: but like it's it's mostly been the west coast of California, Oregon, texas, Nevada. But Arizona I have family here, so we've always come back to it and then ever since my dad retired a couple years ago, we've stayed here. So. But yeah, It's really hot. My apartment is like 82 right now and
SPEAKER_L: You had
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: last last week we had a couple of days that were in the 90s and that was pretty crazy. I mean it's harder typically where you're at then where I'm at but and dryer. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and I'm not excited for when it hits the hundreds. I mean it already has actually, it was like 104 yesterday, so I shouldn't even. Yeah, and I didn't realize that the city would be even hotter, so I'm like not excited for my A. C. Bill, my electric bill to come today because it's the first, so.
SPEAKER_L: Uh because I am moved just recently from this city called Fountain Valley over to wanna park. And Fountain Valley is really close to Huntington Beach. So when I was there I had kind of that beach like when green and I going on and then right now I have like none of it. So I'm being a brat, you know, I'm just like, I miss my like ocean breeze, like I just need something because I'm just really inland now, so.
SPEAKER_R: God, you have no ocean. So I I miss it too. I wish for that.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So how long have you been on prolific? I meant to ask you.
SPEAKER_R: I well, so I've always done this stuff since I was like, I know like the age is supposed to be like 18 it up, you know, for like to get money or whatever, but I've done it since I was like 16 up prolific specifically. But like sites like it where you kind of do surveys for like companies and stuff. Um Just a real way to make a couple of dollars, you know? But I started prolific like a year ago because I wanted it to be more consistent. Have you ever heard of like sites like swag bucks and stuff? Yeah. Do you use those at all? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I've been doing market research for a really long time. How old are you by the way because your seat looks super young?
SPEAKER_R: I'm 23. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Well I live in my 40s. Um so I've been involved in market research, like surveys and stuff like that for probably, I don't know like over a decade. Well, I've kind of been around in the sense, but it's really weird because I just
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: joined prolific like three weeks ago, which is so silly because now that I'm on it, I'm like, wow, this is just so much easier than some of the other platforms I was using. It's more like the work comes to you and you're just kind of like chilling and it comes to you versus some of my other stuff meant like having to go have this sequence of like logging into different sites like all day long and kind of having to cycle through stuff. So I have no idea why it took me so long to sign up. I'm super like regretting it now because I, you know, I don't know if this was your experience, but like for my first week I was getting like a crazy amount of stuff. I mean it's slowing down now, But I think in my first week I did like 30 something studies and I was like whoa, this is pretty cool. Um And it's been slowing down for me a little bit lately
SPEAKER_R: Same.
SPEAKER_L: but I think everybody has been saying that so
SPEAKER_R: Like what I did it to first time, it's definitely, it feels like that you get a lot, but I think it comes in seasons like I said, I've only done it for like a little bit of a year now, so I can kind of see when these universities kind of create these studies and get those like, you know, research going. So I'm more concerned though because of like the way the world has been going on, you know, with like universities kind of closing their doors. I was surprised that, yeah, something like prolific is still going there, still doing their research. They're still getting their grants and stuff. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And then also another thing is I feel like more people have flooded into the market in
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: general
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: because people are out of work and so online all the time like on social media or wherever I'm I'm cruising on the internet. I'm seeing people writing these like little articles about you know how to survive the quarantine or how to survive financial ruin or whatever. And all of those little articles you read from everywhere include like do surveys from home like here some great sites, some like these people, I think people are just kind of flooding flooding in. Um Yeah because I know where I learned about prolific as I was actually cruising on reddit and read it. Had that Yeah, I had that subreddit or about beer money. Well, I was on there and I've just started to learn to cruz that subreddit because I also learned about this other site um probably
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like three months ago. That's been really good for me too. And I don't know if you've heard of it, but it's called respondent.
SPEAKER_R: No, I have not responded.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I don't think it's for everyone. Like, you know, you could you could be on site because of your demographics and you could get like a
SPEAKER_R: Show.
SPEAKER_L: million little buddies and then I go log into like your site and then I get nothing because I'm in my forties and I have a different demographic. So not like you can never just say to someone like this is going to be the best site for you, but what I like about respondent, um there's some good and there's bad so because you know, on beer money, they have this cool post about every month. Like who paid me? And it's like separate. It it's a part that says like, who paid me this month for beer money. So I like to see, excuse me, what people post because sometimes they list sites and they'll say they made like $700 on there in a month. They'll say they got $2
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: from this one site, $8 from other site. And then you see people of course there's the mturk people who are like, You know, a whole separate thing, right? And then you have, I just started seeing people posting like respondent, $300 respondent, $500. And I was like, what is that? So I went on there and it's like a survey focus group platform kind of and it's kind of similar to prolific in the sense that people are researchers are posting their market research on there. Most of them are higher paying studies. Like you know one our webcam interviews one our focus groups. But the thing is you actually do how do I say this? You have to post like on the website who you are if you have a job you have to like verify your work emails. So it's like a strict like that. But and I see a lot of stuff for people who are like an I. T. And like devops and like security and stuff. But mine I'm surprised that I've gotten picked for so much but like in three months I think I've made probably I don't know like $850 on the site.
SPEAKER_R: Damn. That's what? Right.
SPEAKER_L: So there's some little stuff you can do. We're like, it's a survey they send you and it's like $20. But the thing is is you have to be diligent about doing screeners on the site. You know what I mean? So you could do like five screeners and hear nothing. You could do three screeners in here from three of them and book three gigs. So to me, I just kind of figured out it was a great place to spend my time because once you get like your first gig, it's in the system and the other researchers who use the platform, look at like your score and if you pass that test and you have a higher score. So then people start to, you're screener start to pay off more because people can see like, oh she showed up on time, She got a good review of her participation and then you just start booking all kinds of what that you apply for.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah. No, I can't believe I've seen that separate a couple of times. That's how I kind of knew about. I don't know if it was prolific but similar sites like testable minds and stuff, but yeah, I haven't heard that one. So I'm definitely even like you said, I know maybe I won't get as many hits, but yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: that sounds
SPEAKER_L: in the beginning in the beginning it was a little rough, like they only let me fill out like three screeners every 24 hours. It took me a couple of weeks to get Like linked by anybody because I was movie and I had no score. And then I just got thrown this like random survey, it was like $20, but it was cool because it only took me like 10 minutes to do which is like awesome and
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: survey land that's a good pay, right? And then once I did that I just noticed like people are constantly booking me and they only contact you. Like they'll if they want to schedule you they'll send you a text message um and an email. So you could be doing something totally different and you get that text message and like let me go schedule like right now and then you don't have to keep track of anything because everything is in the module, like, so you don't have to worry about not getting paid because it's all on this dashboard and they pay you like very routinely, it's very visible, it's not like you have to keep like a separate like Excel spreadsheet of what you did, and you have to track people down. It's not like that at all. Here's the downside because of the service that the platform provides, they take like 1% of your pay,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see.
SPEAKER_L: I think you'd be. Which at first I was like, oh hell no, like no one's moving my money, it's already hard enough to make money in this little arena. But I figure like all the time I saved from having to scour the internet for all of these research projects, everything being there for me, I never, not get paid. It's always super clean. I'm like whatever because they pay via Paypal, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's to me it's a sweet deal like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's streamlined.
SPEAKER_L: about it because it's just so easy and like I said, I was surprised that they picked me, but they have a lot of just random stuff like, you know, $75.1 our focus group on toothpaste or whatever. So it's not like you have to be in a certain career to be able to do those kinds. So I highly recommend that site because, and I can't believe I didn't know about it either earlier. So now I'm like, wow. Like I learned about, you know, responding, I learned about prolific through this beer money subreddit. Like I probably should read this thing from time to time when I feel like I'm just not making enough money or I'm just like feeling kind of just I don't know, surveys can be taxing. It can make it can get
SPEAKER_R: christ Yeah. Yeah, it's good to say. Yeah, no, that's awesome. Yeah, I will look that up. I don't know if I'm allowed to right now, so wait,
SPEAKER_L: I'm burgling like here we go.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: and then it's weird too because after I did the three screeners in 24 hours within a couple of days or weeks it said oh like you can do 10 now every 24 hours. And then there was a message the following week. Like you can do unlimited. So it's only like temporary where they make you where you can only do a couple. Um And then you can do everything and then. Sorry, one more thing can you really well for referrals. So I don't know because I don't I don't have like a lot of referrals but like I referred my husband because he's an I. T. Security. So he qualifies for like a lot of the stuff that's on there. And um He doesn't do very many because his job is just incredibly demanding and he works like very long hours. But um the other day I just he did do one and then they sent me like paypal, they're like hey here's $19 because your referral did this study. I was like oh crap. And then there's another way I don't know because I don't know like a lot of people who are into this kind of stuff. So my friends and family just think it's like bonkers that I even do this.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: But Um there
SPEAKER_R: look?
SPEAKER_L: are stuff where if you refer someone who's like not on the panel and they do the survey they give you $50 to and like I said they're pretty reliable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, that's righteous. Yeah. Pretty dope.
SPEAKER_L: So what's your favorite site?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, like I said, I've been doing a lot of them because like in college, you know, I'll just
SPEAKER_L: Improvement
SPEAKER_R: I'll be doing my class work of course, but then I'll have that open tab or two for like the little stuff. But um yeah, I've been doing a lot of those like amazon Turks things where you know you just reviewing products and stuff but it does get pretty boring. Um Swag Bucks was a major one, I actually remember way back when before they had a lot of the updates where like it's really hard now to get the points or whatever because you have to like they make you focus and really pay attention so I can't really do it on the side anymore. Um But yeah, no, I don't have like a cool one like that or like you can like get that kind of type of dough, so that's really cool. I like I said I've been doing a lot of little ones and prolific is the one I really like just because it's for like more research than just like for companies, you know, it's like university type deal and I'm in the university. So I've actually done kind of service for that. I've never been given a grant or anything like there's nothing crazy but Um but I just also like the reliability, like that's my number one thing about these like your money sites is I don't want to take 10, 20 whatever minutes and then they cut me out in the last second or whatever because of a demographic question they wanted to bring up. There's something down like that. So um but focus groups to uh the cool thing about what I do is I'm a visual communication, like that's my major for legal and law. So um I actually worked with a couple of law firms and their focus groups. So I'm kind of used to like that environment, you know, where like you present something well in this case, it's like legal cases to, and then you pay people like to come in and and give your opinion about it, their feedback or whatever. So, um I want to get more into that kind of thing, like panels and, and stuff like that, like that's really cool. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah I've done a lot of those because those pay really well like um I mean it does usually require me to drive to L. A. Which I don't mind at all because if you're gonna pay me $500 for the day like I'm gonna be there and then it's cool. Obviously at my job you know I have P. T. O. So it's not like I'm losing out getting paid from my job. It's not like I do it all the time because like honestly I don't have the type of job where I can fall out very frequently. But it is kind of sad because when I do it's because I'm doing one of these other things that I'm getting paid for and it's kind of like just how it is but and I really loved doing those because they pay really well and like I don't know it's just like more intellectually stimulating for me. Um You know it's just kind of like and it's also just kind of cold to like go to L. A. Go to like one of my favorite restaurants or something after just Be happy. But yeah I mean I've been the ones that pay less than that. Like I think the other one I went to, it was like to 85 for me but I mean that was still pretty good to me. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Money is money. So I mean for me anyway, like I Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I didn't, I am kind of relatively new to swag bucks too. I mean I've known about it for a long time but it just seemed kind of like a lot of work sometimes to not make a lot of money and then now I know it's like the worst time ever to be on swag bucks, so I don't even like bother going on there and unless it's like I'm super desperate or I super have extra time and I want to check it out. I know there's a lot of other ways that people made money on swag bucks then like surveys, but I think the surveys like stink um and the pay stinks, but I mean some of the ideas that you could get one of those screeners surveys right, that gets you like a higher paying survey. So I know that's why people are still kind of hanging in there with those, but I agree with you that like focus groups and that's kind of how I spend my time now in market research because even though I have to spend this time doing screeners, I feel like it pays off more because I'll book something that's $100 or $75. And I feel it's a good use of my time, wow. And I'm chatty as you can see.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, I love it.
SPEAKER_L: No I get I do well in that kind of a setting because you know the super chatty and I have like a lot of things to say. So um like this week I did one
SPEAKER_R: Bye
SPEAKER_L: on dog treats which is just like anyways
SPEAKER_R: My friend.
SPEAKER_L: and then the other one I did, I can't even remember it was on skin care, so I did one on
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: skin care and one of those I got through respondent and the other one, I don't even remember how I got it. I just was on some kind of survey site doing screen doing like regular surveys and it like lead to something that was higher paying. But it's kind of it's kind of a good way to like have extra money. You know? Like I have a full time job. I don't know. I feel like it's another source of income that you know, I can kind of, it's like my play money or something like I don't know. It doesn't make me feel guilty then to spend that money like on pretty much whatever I want to spend it on. So I don't have to feel guilty because I bought X. Y. Z. Because I'm like that's just like beer money, you know what I mean,
SPEAKER_R: They like yeah.
SPEAKER_L: extra you know? And my husband doesn't care like he always just tells me like no go buy a new dress like it's fine. So it's not like I have that kind of like situation at home, I feel guilty sometimes doing that. So this kind of income source that I have makes me feel like not guilty about stuff because I'm like that's what I do above and beyond my job and my career you
SPEAKER_R: Diane.
SPEAKER_L: know? So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I feel it like, I mean like I said, I started when I was 16 even though I think a lot of these sites that you have to be 18, I don't know I still
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: able to
SPEAKER_L: matter.
SPEAKER_R: get it. I know I was still able to get it through my paypal account so but I was doing it because again I was like in school and I would finish you know something like at school or at home and I'm like well I have free time so might as well. And then I just it's been a habit I just kind of do it like like I said it's kinda like secondhand nature like I'll do a survey and you know be watching T. V. I mean I won't even be watching tv it's like you're basically just doing the survey with background noise. But um yeah and for me it's it's been gas money so it's it's except now because
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: we've been kind
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: trapped.
SPEAKER_L: back in the heyday, you know as a old folks like to say back in the heyday there was a site called slick deals. It was like super active. It's not it was like purchased for like millions and millions of dollars recently
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: it had such a good following. But there was a site called slick deals and that's where a lot of the surveys and survey companies
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: would get posted. And it was also one of those like price error sites and like random surveys on the internet that people would find on like random websites. And then we'd all flood that website we bats back in the day before. Like you know they could track your I. P. And stuff. So people were like multiple
SPEAKER_R: Don't do it.
SPEAKER_L: people. I mean we back then it was like on and cracking because like I said there was no like tracing your I. P. There was like no need for a VP. I mean it was just like you could do the same survey multiple times multiple times. So people were you know just I know people who were two people at the time, you know, they had two different demographics. They had two different, they were two different people. So they
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: could they had jobs that were they were the ceo of company could want that money that gets paid at that level of focus group and that level of survey, you know people who were three people, You know so what do you think that I was 16? I'm like Oh no you're fine, we're good. I'm gonna judge you because I've seen and done so much of that stuff. I remember, like, I mean, it was just on and cracking with stuff like that. And it was kinda sad too, because some of these websites that say come to our website and we'll give you a $20 amazon card just for registering or just for coming on our website. They, I'm sure they intended on having like, maybe 20 to 30 people, like, go to their website and they end up having like, 3000 hits on our side because people were just posted in the forum, you know, and people would post in the forum and you would just have that forum open all day and
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: would just go down the hit list and just bam, bam, bam, bam, and then you try to re enter as many times as you could and have different email addresses and you would with, it would just do it because, you know, that's just that's just what, what happened, that doesn't really happen that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: much more anymore. It's very rare and now they, you know, you can't do things twice and I know there's ways that you can get around it, but it's just a lot harder now and you have to just, it's just not as easy and there's no there's not that same kind of network of people working together, you know, to do this stuff. So it's a little bit different now, but we had some we had some good time times without, so I only
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: admit that to you. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'll keep your secret.
SPEAKER_L: what, what, some of my friends and family are just like, what is wrong with you that you do this? And I'm like, I've always been like this since I was a kid, I always wanted to like make money, have extra money, have my money, you know, not want anyone to tell me like how to spend my money and what to do with my money. So it's worked out. Are you already like signed up and registered for response?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I have my phone right here. I looked it up. I'm on the site. I'm ready to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Another one. There is another one that I haven't tried yet and it's stupid that I haven't, but have you ever heard of user testing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. That sounds familiar though.
SPEAKER_L: Um That's another one that's highly recommended on beer money that I'm not on there, is it? I think it is user testing and uh
SPEAKER_R: Trouble.
SPEAKER_L: and I think that one's a little bit more like video based, like they ask you questions and they want you to answer via videos. And like it's one of those things where you need to be like, like hi, I'm super excited about this book, like, like you know, and then you get you get paid like better to do that. So it's not super good for people who like just can't like do that. Uh huh. And then the last one that I have you heard of D. Scout? Are you on D. Scout?
SPEAKER_R: No, all of these are knew what the heck.
SPEAKER_L: The last one I think they do respond in and then like I'm bossing you around already so
SPEAKER_R: No, I got.
SPEAKER_L: respond it and then do D. Scouts. So it's D. And then Scout, so that's actually an app download it because you are the demographic for that app. That was from a company that was called look look back in the day and it was for people like under the age of 30, it was for like younger people. And I made a lot of money on D. Scout. But that's because every once in a while they have like old lady stuff on there. So I literally only apply for the random old lady stuff that comes on there, but it's geared towards someone more like your age. And you do quick screeners were sometimes you do have to shoot like a 32nd video. Um and then you know as long as you act like just you know lovely and animated like yourself, then they typically pick you and then you do like a mission where they want you to like Go to McDonald's and by this and like shoot your experience and it pays like well to I'm talking like $100. Some stuff is $200. Like and that would be really good for you because you fit the demographic for like most of those kinds of studies on there. So you would kind and then they're really cool because they'll just send you like a notification. Like bam we just like released this screen or ban. We just released this one. Oh we have an expressed mission. Do you want to do it? And then you can just like, no, when you have time to go in and do those screeners. But that would be another one that I would highly recommend to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is awesome. I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: didn't know that. I mean like
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: I said, I've been doing a lot of like the older like uh survey sites that like are basically hitting this. So I'm definitely more into like were these like I said the panel ones and a lot more money involved of course. So that's really cool. I'm trying to get it onto my phone right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I like the D Scout app, but I mean sometimes you might feel like, especially in the beginning like I'm doing all these screeners, I'm not getting anything.
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: But it's like when you get your first one and you do a good job, then you'll just start, I mean there's people on the beer money subreddit who are doing like 600 a month on disk, out 400 a month on the Scout. And I can tell I'm like you're definitely under the age of 28. Like I just know were under the age of 28 because like, I mean, and I'm just like, wow, you know, what a great, what a great app that is. So I love that up. So I don't make as much money from it, but like I said, when I can tell it something like, you know, or moody stuff, I'm on it, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Lady like. No, that's old.
SPEAKER_L: well whatever, you know, like it's just to have random stuff sometimes on there that I'm like, do I have a chance at this? Because this is about, You
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know, retirement investing when you're retiring in 20 years or something, and I'm
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: like, oh man, okay, I think this is mine, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: but are
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: not, they don't pick me a lot anymore because I think I'm just not their demographic of their app. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's understandable. Cool. I don't have any recommendations. I'm I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: feel lame.
SPEAKER_L: very at
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: school,
SPEAKER_R: like, oh.
SPEAKER_L: it looks like, you know, we passed the time. So that was good and it wasn't, you know, super awkward. Well not for me because I just talked
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: time,
SPEAKER_R: it? No, I know. I'm sorry. I'm not like I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: knew
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: was.
SPEAKER_L: glad you're like a market research person. Because I was thinking before him like what am I going to talk about? Because like, you know, you can talk to people about Covid, but everyone's talking about that and it's so like emotionally charged. You could get someone who feels exactly the opposite of you and then it would be like the most awkward conversation ever. Well, if I find like another market research person, we can just talk about market research. I mean, let's
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: I exactly. Because like I I'm the only one I know who does this. I mean I've told friends like hey you can make an extra book or to whatever, but I don't know if it is my demographic, but they're like, nah, video games or something else. So I'm like, okay, well you're missing out. It's kind of like a self starter mindset. You kind of have to have, like you said, you got to like I want my money, I want to know where I get it from, how to get it. You know, best ways to get it, etcetera, etcetera. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My friends that I've referred, they like didn't even make it past their first survey. They're like, first of all it's so repetitive and boring. Like me like 45 minutes
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and I got nowhere. It paid like a dollar. And I'm like, it's because you're not you have to work your way into some of the stuff that I'm into. You can't just join the first day and then bam they hit you up with all the money. Like there's different things you gotta learn and do and they're just like it's not worth it. Ok, fine. Go watch your movie. But I don't know if I'm watching a movie too, so I'm no different. So.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Yeah, but awesome. Cool. I mean, I know you guys are out there. I just like I said, yeah, never networked or like talked with anybody who was into it. So that's awesome. Especially from the subreddit to like I've known that red eye. No one really talks about separate. It's in person. So I think that's so fun that you
SPEAKER_L: But it's such a good use of time because I've learned so much from it that I'm just like wow, this is so cool. Like that people are sharing their knowledge about it because sometimes people tend to not want to share because they don't want competition or whatever. And I'm like you're not even in the same demographic as me so don't worry about it. Like,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: know, just chill. It's cool. We're not even a competition, so, so we made it right. We did our we did our time. Okay. Well, it was really nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Thank you. April is nice meeting you too.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks for letting me chat this whole time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no problem. I love listening. That's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: all good.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I enjoy.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You
SPEAKER_L: Bye.