Hello?
Can you hear me?
Hi
uh what's your name?
Hi april I'm a more.
Thank you. I know you're month
just passes May 1st.
I was gonna ask you the same thing. No. So
it's very interesting.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So where are you from like where are you
in the world?
Yeah I'm in the next state over, I'm in Arizona phoenix. Um I've lived here in Arizona like my whole life, so but it's my first time being in phoenix, so I'm like right where all this stuff is, I'm right by the airport, so I'm like in the city, you know?
But uh yeah but I'm familiar with L. A. I've I've also lived there, I'm a military brat, so I've kind of been everywhere, so. Yeah.
but like it's it's mostly been the west coast of California, Oregon, texas, Nevada. But Arizona I have family here, so we've always come back to it and then ever since my dad retired a couple years ago, we've stayed here. So. But yeah, It's really hot. My apartment is like 82 right now and
it's
Yeah, and I'm not excited for when it hits the hundreds. I mean it already has actually, it was like 104 yesterday, so I shouldn't even. Yeah, and I didn't realize that the city would be even hotter, so I'm like not excited for my A. C. Bill, my electric bill to come today because it's the first, so.
God, you have no ocean. So I I miss it too. I wish for that.
I well, so I've always done this stuff since I was like, I know like the age is supposed to be like 18 it up, you know, for like to get money or whatever, but I've done it since I was like 16 up prolific specifically. But like sites like it where you kind of do surveys for like companies and stuff. Um Just a real way to make a couple of dollars, you know? But I started prolific like a year ago because I wanted it to be more consistent. Have you ever heard of like sites like swag bucks and stuff? Yeah. Do you use those at all? Oh
I'm 23. Yes.
Come on.
Same.
Like what I did it to first time, it's definitely, it feels like that you get a lot, but I think it comes in seasons like I said, I've only done it for like a little bit of a year now, so I can kind of see when these universities kind of create these studies and get those like, you know, research going. So I'm more concerned though because of like the way the world has been going on, you know, with like universities kind of closing their doors. I was surprised that, yeah, something like prolific is still going there, still doing their research. They're still getting their grants and stuff. So yeah,
that's
true.
Yeah.
No, I have not responded.
Show.
All
Damn. That's what? Right.
wow. Yeah. No, I can't believe I've seen that separate a couple of times. That's how I kind of knew about. I don't know if it was prolific but similar sites like testable minds and stuff, but yeah, I haven't heard that one. So I'm definitely even like you said, I know maybe I won't get as many hits, but yeah, that's
that sounds
Yes.
Oh, I see.
I
don't know.
Yeah, it's streamlined.
christ Yeah. Yeah, it's good to say. Yeah, no, that's awesome. Yeah, I will look that up. I don't know if I'm allowed to right now, so wait,
I know.
What
look?
Yeah, no, that's righteous. Yeah. Pretty dope.
I mean, like I said, I've been doing a lot of them because like in college, you know, I'll just
I'll be doing my class work of course, but then I'll have that open tab or two for like the little stuff. But um yeah, I've been doing a lot of those like amazon Turks things where you know you just reviewing products and stuff but it does get pretty boring. Um Swag Bucks was a major one, I actually remember way back when before they had a lot of the updates where like it's really hard now to get the points or whatever because you have to like they make you focus and really pay attention so I can't really do it on the side anymore. Um But yeah, no, I don't have like a cool one like that or like you can like get that kind of type of dough, so that's really cool. I like I said I've been doing a lot of little ones and prolific is the one I really like just because it's for like more research than just like for companies, you know, it's like university type deal and I'm in the university. So I've actually done kind of service for that. I've never been given a grant or anything like there's nothing crazy but Um but I just also like the reliability, like that's my number one thing about these like your money sites is I don't want to take 10, 20 whatever minutes and then they cut me out in the last second or whatever because of a demographic question they wanted to bring up. There's something down like that. So um but focus groups to uh the cool thing about what I do is I'm a visual communication, like that's my major for legal and law. So um I actually worked with a couple of law firms and their focus groups. So I'm kind of used to like that environment, you know, where like you present something well in this case, it's like legal cases to, and then you pay people like to come in and and give your opinion about it, their feedback or whatever. So, um I want to get more into that kind of thing, like panels and, and stuff like that, like that's really cool. So
Money is money. So I mean for me anyway, like I Yeah.
No. Yeah, I love it.
Bye
My friend.
No.
They like yeah.
Diane.
I feel it like, I mean like I said, I started when I was 16 even though I think a lot of these sites that you have to be 18, I don't know I still
was
able to
get it. I know I was still able to get it through my paypal account so but I was doing it because again I was like in school and I would finish you know something like at school or at home and I'm like well I have free time so might as well. And then I just it's been a habit I just kind of do it like like I said it's kinda like secondhand nature like I'll do a survey and you know be watching T. V. I mean I won't even be watching tv it's like you're basically just doing the survey with background noise. But um yeah and for me it's it's been gas money so it's it's except now because
we've been kind
of
trapped.
Do
that.
No.
Don't do it.
my
You
know.
No.
So
yeah, I'll keep your secret.
Uh I have my phone right here. I looked it up. I'm on the site. I'm ready to go.
Yeah. I know. That sounds familiar though.
Trouble.
No, all of these are knew what the heck.
No, I got.
Yeah. This is awesome. I
didn't know that. I mean like
I said, I've been doing a lot of like the older like uh survey sites that like are basically hitting this. So I'm definitely more into like were these like I said the panel ones and a lot more money involved of course. So that's really cool. I'm trying to get it onto my phone right now.
Great.
Lady like. No, that's old.
No.
Great.
Got
to
Yeah, that's understandable. Cool. I don't have any recommendations. I'm I
feel lame.
I'm
like, oh.
How
is
it? No, I know. I'm sorry. I'm not like I
knew
was.
Like
I exactly. Because like I I'm the only one I know who does this. I mean I've told friends like hey you can make an extra book or to whatever, but I don't know if it is my demographic, but they're like, nah, video games or something else. So I'm like, okay, well you're missing out. It's kind of like a self starter mindset. You kind of have to have, like you said, you got to like I want my money, I want to know where I get it from, how to get it. You know, best ways to get it, etcetera, etcetera. So
All
exactly. Yeah, but awesome. Cool. I mean, I know you guys are out there. I just like I said, yeah, never networked or like talked with anybody who was into it. So that's awesome. Especially from the subreddit to like I've known that red eye. No one really talks about separate. It's in person. So I think that's so fun that you
that's
true.
Yes. Thank you. April is nice meeting you too.
Yeah, no problem. I love listening. That's
all good.
Thank you. You