SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good good. The times that I've done this before, I always just uh if it's cool, I just say we give first names and location if you're cool with that. Uh My
SPEAKER_R: I forgot.
SPEAKER_L: name is Andy uh live in Missouri, lived here my whole life, it's way too hot right now so I'm happy to be actually took vacation this week so I'm home not doing much of anything.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Cindy, I'm from texas and yeah the heat has been pretty brutal these past few days so just mostly chilling indoors, you know just doing some stuff before college starts. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I hear that. I've been to texas a couple different times. Most recently I went to Austin, my wife and I took a trip. This has been I guess a year and a half ago, almost two years now. Um And we're really excited to see like some of the outdoorsy stuff gets outside of outside of Austin, there's some like collapsed dome cave thing when it's got like a waterfall coming out of the top of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: But when when we went it was in like March I think. And uh it was like the coldest winter that they'd had in something like 20 years. And so we went to go and see it and they wouldn't even let us go down there because the falls were actually frozen. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: but the food was excellent, you know, all that stuff was really great, so I didn't have anything to complain about their,
SPEAKER_R: like that's funny because I'm actually in Austin uh for school and like I have to say you know the food here is great, there's a lot of like fusion food uh food truck culture is huge. Um Same with like breakfast tacos and stuff I don't really like but not much in terms of like outdoorsy stuff here in Austin yet because I didn't get a car until recently, so now that I got that hopefully once where there is a little bit more cooler, it might do some hiking around the area, especially around like enchanted rock. I don't know you know where that is, but it's like I'm like an hour west of here. It's this huge natural slab of granite just smack dab in the middle of nowhere. And it's a really nice spot to hike I heard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. We're not, excuse me, we're not huge into hiking, but you know, there was a couple of those things, we we kind of just ended up taking the trip just as kind of a spontaneous kind of a deal. Um and uh new studies available when we went down when we went down there uh ended up, you know, like a lot of the plans that we had just because of the weather kind of got changed, so ended up we just ate most of the time and I got a great different places and stuff like that when some barbecue joints and like you said some of the food trucks were really excellent. Um But yeah, so how about are you she said schools getting ready to start? What's your major if you don't mind my asking?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I'm a nursing major, this is like my third year now, so about to do like all the hospital stuff like going to the hospital and getting like the hands on experience. Um Obviously with Covid going on, it's gonna be a little bit different, a little bit more online based than normal, but I'm still gonna get kind of as close to the real experience as I can. Um I'm hoping to graduate and go back to Houston to work as a nurse because that's where the biggest medical center is in the world and that's where the jobs are going to be. So yeah. So what do you, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I work I work for the police department here in town. Um I work in the property and evidence room. So to intake of all of the stuff that comes in from the officers and logging it, it's basically all got to kind of be catalogued in the computer system and then either sent for testing which we take it to the um goes to the highway patrol lab for uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um or
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: just getting stuff ready for investigations. They'll pull Cds and stuff like that or for court cases, you know you
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: know taking for the actual trials and things like that. So I never wanted to be an officer myself. I just you know ended up, I got on with the city at 911 I I did that for a couple of years. I transferred over to headquarters of police department, just working in the records department just doing paperwork and stuff like that and then got into the property room I guess who shoot nine years ago I guess eight years ago. So I enjoy it, you know it's something kind of something different every day. So that's nice. My actually my daughter my oldest, she is in her last semester of nursing
SPEAKER_R: that sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: school as well to get her uh BSN That's the four year 1. Okay. Yeah she said it it made it a lot more difficult uh with
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: trying
SPEAKER_R: didn't know.
SPEAKER_L: to figure out a lot of the online stuff and I can't even imagine how that I mean that really must be a lot tougher. I mean, any online stuff I think must be tougher than actually being able to be there. But you know, man. Yeah, I think the most of this semester now since it's our final, I think a lot of it's just kind of hands on. Yeah, in the hospital type of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm pretty sure, you know, it must be like for me myself, yeah, it's harder to learn online because I'm a person that likes to have uh like school in person that makes me feel more focused and it's like easier to learn. But like, you know, you gotta do what you gotta do, you know, just roll the punches and hopefully do the best I can. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely, man. Have you had any bad experiences with the covid stuff other than that or just been?
SPEAKER_R: No, my family's been pretty healthy, which I'm really thankful for the same
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: with my friends as well. I don't know anyone directly affected at least.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, same here. I've been, I mean, I'm, you know, essential worker anyway, so I'm going in regardless. Um My wife works for college here in town and so she's been working from home, She's a recruit. She's been working from home. Uh which has worked, I mean, it actually worked out pretty good for us anyway. We had just gotten a puppy like two weeks before two weeks before they spread everything down. So she's been able to be home with her all the time. And uh I think that agrees with her that not having to wake up and get ready and all that kind of stuff. So I think it's uh you know trying to find positive like I said I don't know anybody either who was who has been sick or anything like that or even know somebody who knows somebody but knock on wood I want but yeah
SPEAKER_R: Sitting here.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh yeah yeah and running into running into seeing some of the stuff online, like the anti masking stuff, it's just like what's what's wrong with people?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Some days I'm asking myself, you know, how, how much worse can this get like this already feels like rock bottom? Is there somewhere deeper that we haven't gone yet? Like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh, yep. I agree with you. Just I mean with that and with all just like the the conspiracy crap and the and the you know people thinking, you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know, I mean I guess I just don't understand what makes a person think that like something they heard, you know on facebook uh equals doctor advice or you know? Well I think this so you know this is this is what this is probably better for me than you know than whatever and uh I just don't get it, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: don't get it either. And it's sad to say, but I I heard from the news that the people who are spreading around cove at the most are like the people in my age range. Because you know, college students just love to have those parties and not wear masks and having fun out there like so irresponsibly. And you know, I I'm joking. Like half joking, half not when I tell my parents like, you know, I'll see you guys in three weeks when school closes down. So it's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: yeah um for like the high schools and and regular schools here there um my my town actually has uh has a mask or in some in Springfield um they have a mask ordinance citywide now until october I think they put it on.
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: But and then all the schools you could either you could pick if you wanted to go full virtual or you could go to school and you go two days a week and they haven't split by uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: by last name. So A through K. Goes monday Tuesday and then L through Z. Goes uh thursday
SPEAKER_R: Honey.
SPEAKER_L: friday. And then the idea is that they completely sanitize everything on Wednesdays. I guess they get like the hard core sanitize going. But then you know during the week I guess every night they're trying to sanitize, you know, door handles and surfaces. And then I guess on Wednesday then they do like a full deep clean of it. I mean I'm kind of like you though, I'm kind of waiting to see some of these places. It's also disheartening to see, you know, I've seen some of the stuff like these stories coming out of you know that girl who took a picture of her school in Georgia and everybody back together and not wearing masks and then she gets in trouble for taking the picture uh Like man what? Uh boof. I understand it. I mean it sucks
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: for everybody,
SPEAKER_R: got it.
SPEAKER_L: you know I mean I I suppose I'm just more of a mind that we should have like pulled like new Zealand did and just I mean hammer down everything just like nope, it's all closed down, you stay where you're at the end and then you know actually be able to get it under control. Uh but
SPEAKER_R: that's just, I agree with you. You
SPEAKER_L: under
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like if we had just really hammered down, gotten a real shutdown going, I feel like we wouldn't have such a big issue right now. Like it's obviously worse than where it started. And I definitely feel like states, you know, have definitely reopened too soon because I feel like it's not, I'm going to get any better unless something huge happens. People are still going to go about going doing things and being irresponsible. Like you can't trust people to do the right thing sometimes. It's
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: just sad to say that.
SPEAKER_L: it is and it's upsetting that the you know the way I feel about it is it's even more upsetting and I'll caveat this by saying I don't know, stupidity shouldn't be a death sentence or anything like that like just because you know but it just sucks that like you know after these people are going like you said going to parties or other people who are just, you know, I refuse to wear a mask because remember I'm american and all this other crap. Uh you know what sucks is just, it would be just my luck that they would get skipped over, but infect me or somebody in my family, you know, I have, if I have to deal with people in my job anyway and then it just kind of sucks because it always seems like those are the ones who don't get hurt by it. You know, it's the other, I mean like why drunk drivers walk away from rex? You know, it's like, it's not really fair that, you know, other people are the ones who are going to fall victim. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: just sad to hear like how, how little people care I get that, you know, sometimes. Yeah, like okay, we don't want to do certain things, but you got to think about, you know, your inconvenience of wearing a mask versus potentially killing someone because you gave them a virus. Like it's not like there should be no debate there, it's not, it is, you know, I guess that there are some exceptions, like for example, people who might have breathing problems that can't wear a mask, but I feel like, you know, the average healthy adult can wear a mask just fine. And yet there are people who believe that wearing masks are bad for you. Just all the misinformation that's going around is not helping
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and it's turned into a huge political issue when it shouldn't be political, it's about health, it's about life, that's not political.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, absolutely not. And I mean, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: guess
SPEAKER_R: wear
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't around like whenever, you know, they started making or at least maybe I wasn't paying attention whenever they started making like helmet laws for motorcycles or or seatbelt laws, you know, when you're driving and it kind of makes you say, well, I'm sure there's probably people saying, you know, I'm not going to wear a helmet, it's just my head, you know? And in this case though, it's that would even be, I would say, well, uh can kind of see that point in that the only person's head that's gonna get squished as yours. So, you know, I mean, it's like if not wearing a mask, the only person who's going to die was the anti mask people, you know, it's like, well, I can't make you, you know, I guess. But yeah, that should be, I agree with you, it's it's turned into a political thing when it's not. And I also agree to, you know, if somebody can't wear a mask due to a legit reason, but those are a lot fewer and further between than
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: you know, then, I mean there's I mean you should know better than I mean some of these nurses wearing masks, you know, 12, hours straight and they're all still alive, they can breathe just fine. That's ridiculous. So so what
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: kind of what kind of hobbies do you have? What do you what are you doing in your time of Covid's?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Well I've obviously been being safe and doing things that don't really involve much people, you know, normally I love shopping but I can't really do that now with covid going on. Like I only really go out when it's like necessary or like in a safe circumstance like social distance and all that. But yeah, like I like to go uh fishing. Um It's weird to say because you know, not many girls like fishing, but I do um I like to go, you know hiking sometimes just walking being around nature. Um I like to play video games kind
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: of time.
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: I do a lot of like pc gaming um want to read and just yeah, those are some of my main hobbies.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I've never been an outdoorsy kind of a guy, a lot of people, my family or fishermen or hunters and things like that and uh I just don't have the patience for it. I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: uh and I guess that's, you know, my dad would always say that's why they call it fishing, they don't call it catching and uh so
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: well that's true dad, but this is, you know, not all that much fun just to sit here. Um and saying with hunting, you know, I'm just like uh right now we've I'm the same way I usually love to go and watch movies. Um we have an Alamo drafthouse here, uh which I love uh in normal circumstances. Um and uh so yeah, we've just been staying inside, we have a few, we have a few different streaming platforms, so I can kind of get caught up on a lot of those kind of stuff and my wife and I uh when we're watching stuff together, it seems like we just veered towards like the trashier side of of two weeks, we'll watch all the housewives shows and You know, all this stuff on Bravo and things like that, which are funny to watch and laugh at 90 day. Fiance is also a good one. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I love that one.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man, Full food. Oh, but that, and I have uh it's been for the past, I guess, year and a half, almost two years I've gotten
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: into cross stitching, which,
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's actually a lot of fun um, last year for christmas, uh, my wife and I, for everybody, kind of in the immediate family, we made everybody like a personalized cross stitch that you had something to do with, like an inside joke or, you know, stuff like that. So that, that turned out really cool. Um My brother is a college professor, is actually a classical languages professor, so, uh, but you and you wouldn't think it to look at him, but he's a huge little wayne fan and so I made him one, I made him a cross stitch of like a little wayne lyric, you know, so he uh he really liked that. But yeah, I've just been been doing that. Um Let's see, I play some video games, not not quite as many, just mostly console stuff. Uh I did play World of Warcraft, it's been years and years and years ago. Um but I haven't been so much on pc, mostly just on console. Um So I complain and I and I also don't really like to play online that much either, which I guess that kind of limits some of the stuff that I that I do because I really don't, you know, whenever, whenever I'm playing, like I just kinda want to play for a couple hours and be mindless and do whatever I'm doing rather than have to wait and rely on other people and you know that the times that I try and play World of Warcraft, I didn't get very far, mostly I just got where I did just doing stuff on my own. It felt like every time I did something with somebody else I'd get yelled at, you know, like why aren't you doing this? You're not, you know, you're not, you're not, you're not pulling aggro on the whatever you should be doing this thing and you know, it just was kind of got to be too much to worry about. You know, I figure if I'm playing, I don't want to have it be stressful, you know, stressful like that.
SPEAKER_R: I got that. Like I feel like games should become that they were, it should be stressed free helping you like relieve your stress of anything. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Fair.
SPEAKER_R: playing online, there are some really toxic people out there who will just aim to ruin your day.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm, yep. And I'm speaking of that kind of stuff. I've been staying away from a lot of online stuff. I mean like I'm still playing, I'm still looking around online, you know, kind of what you do anyway when you watch tv is just like so on your phone uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: staying away from like facebook and you know not reading comments on stuff because God it's just maddening some of it, it really is just you know, there's I mean I'm I'm absolutely willing to have conversations with people and try and understand where they're coming from and you know, listen to their perspective on things. Especially you know like I always say like if I'm wrong, I don't want to be wrong, I want to know you know what what you know what the truth is or what the right way to be is and if somebody, you know, I'm willing to hear it, but it just seems like so many people online, it's just like willing to mean their way through life. And you know, they think that if they post a picture of bucktooth Children in Appalachia somewhere and say you know this is what a democrat looks like, then it's like well you won, you you win, you know you're right, you're right, Pizza Gate is real, you you one, yep, I lose, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some of the stuff you see on social media is just like uh you know why I, this is why I hate people like thanks for reminding me of that. I mean, yeah, I try to like stay away from social media sometimes just because it can be kind of overwhelming and I need a mental break from it. But I do watch a lot of Youtube like I like watching cooking videos. That's another hobby of my cooking. I love cooking and baking. Um I love like those kinds of things that are like away from drama and like away from the toxic everyday like stuff that's going on. So yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: took a lot of stuff actually, like I learned how to do burgers recently um fried chicken as well during this pandemic. I get to give me time to do that. So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I made, I made a cheesecake for the first time last week which turned out really good. Um and uh yeah I agree with you that I like watching a lot of, a lot of cooking videos, Do you do you subscribe to the channel called Dancing Bacons? Uh
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's actually
SPEAKER_R: don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: it's actually really cool, it's this girl uh and I think maybe her sister or something like that, but they are in want to say they're in like Taiwan, but they travel all around Malaysia and Thailand and Japan all these different places and basically it's like a like street foods, but there's really no talking at all, they just kind of watch these street food vendors making their food and then and then show it to like, because a lot of the street food videos, I like watching, you know how fast some of these people are making their stuff,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you know how awesome it looks, but then you don't really ever get to see it when
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: done. But on that channel that could show it to you once it's finished and tell you how much it costs and everything like that, you know? Uh it's a lot of fun and uh um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I think probably my favorite guy to watch on Youtube as far as cooking goes. Um is matty Matheson, you know him?
SPEAKER_R: I know who I am actually.
SPEAKER_L: I like watching
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: himself.
SPEAKER_R: to stop.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I like watching his stuff a lot. And you're I have been making more too. I made I've been making um the recipe for the no knead bread, Have
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you ever made that? It's
SPEAKER_R: I haven't heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: super easy. Jim. I think the guy's name is Jim leahy, L. E. A. H. Y. Maybe. And um basically it's just, you know, I mean it's real simple bread, but you mix all your ingredients together, kind of making a rough dough and then leave it on your counter for right at a day. Um and it will puff up, you know? And then uh and then you put it out onto um you dump it out and fold it like three times, and then you bake it inside of a dutch oven. So like so it keeps the moisture inside there and it turns out awesome. I mean that's something you should do next if you're into bread and you have a dutch oven, try that out because it's just really, really, really good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: One thing I want to try making is sour dough bread. I heard it's kind of the main part that you have to get right is like the starter. But I like starter, especially with
SPEAKER_L: Graham.
SPEAKER_R: some good clam chowder. But
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I like, I like baking a lot. I've I've done cakes, cookies, brownies, mostly like sweets, but I want to learn more into like pastries and like the more difficult stuff like crescents for example are really difficult because you have like fold in that butter and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like to cook a lot, but I'm, I'm not a baker per se and I think it just doesn't appeal to um my, my daughter, the nursing student actually, she is big into baking a couple years ago, we got her a kitchenaid mixer and so she's going crazy with that. But I think that appeals more to people with a more meticulous side uh when I cook a lot of times it, you know, it comes out you pretty close to the same, but since I just kind of eyeball, I'm like, you know what you can do when you're making spaghetti sauce or you know, making something else like that. But then when it comes to baking, you have to be, it's a very precise thing, you know?
SPEAKER_R: for sure. Because with cooking you can kind of adjust the taste like as you're cooking. But with baking once you pop in an oven, that's it, like it
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: better
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: be right when it goes in
SPEAKER_L: that's exactly right. Mm hmm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: I've seen a lot of people doing sourdough starters, it seems like now that their home and having a lot to do. I've been seeing, you know, some of the people put pictures up on instagram or whatever, you know, oh, look for and it starts to kind of get bubbly and, and stuff inside of the glass or whatever they're making it with. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: What would
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you say is your like best dish that you've ever made? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Um, I have a few.
SPEAKER_R: And we had?
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm excellent at making fajitas as I feel like my, it is a really good, um, also we've, uh, let me see the thing that, and that cheesecake actually was really good. My wife really loved it. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'd say those two things. And then also we've been, uh, here lately, we've been experimenting with basically putting everything that we cook into egg roll wrappers, and then air frying them. So we've made like Reuben egg rolls, we've got fajita egg rolls now made some Southwestern style ones, and so we've been just kind of experimenting with those here lately and seeing
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: what kind of funny things we could put inside of egg roll wrappers. Those have turned out pretty good actually. How about
SPEAKER_R: glad
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: that you guys are experimenting with stuff. That's the best thing I've made. It would probably be a fried chicken. I made Nashville style hot fried chicken. I followed this recipe by Joshua Weissman, he does Youtube as well. Um and it turned out great. I love spicy food and it was top nausea.
SPEAKER_L: Do you use some of the recipes I've seen for it? You use lard and butter for the sauce?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't have access to Lord so I just used better added in like all the spices and with it as well and just drizzle it on top afterwards. It was
SPEAKER_L: Then, hold on,
SPEAKER_R: good. Yeah. Fall
SPEAKER_L: Nice,
SPEAKER_R: on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, cool. Well, I think we're almost done, but I do have to ask just as we close out Cindy, do you think that hot dog is a sandwich?
SPEAKER_R: it is a sandwich.
SPEAKER_L: You're right. I think you're right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well it was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Great talking to you, too. Yeah, good luck with school and everything, and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, stay safe out there.
SPEAKER_R: I will Youtube.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take it easy.