Hello.
Good, how are you doing?
I forgot.
I'm Cindy, I'm from texas and yeah the heat has been pretty brutal these past few days so just mostly chilling indoors, you know just doing some stuff before college starts. So.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
it's
great.
like that's funny because I'm actually in Austin uh for school and like I have to say you know the food here is great, there's a lot of like fusion food uh food truck culture is huge. Um Same with like breakfast tacos and stuff I don't really like but not much in terms of like outdoorsy stuff here in Austin yet because I didn't get a car until recently, so now that I got that hopefully once where there is a little bit more cooler, it might do some hiking around the area, especially around like enchanted rock. I don't know you know where that is, but it's like I'm like an hour west of here. It's this huge natural slab of granite just smack dab in the middle of nowhere. And it's a really nice spot to hike I heard.
Yeah. So I'm a nursing major, this is like my third year now, so about to do like all the hospital stuff like going to the hospital and getting like the hands on experience. Um Obviously with Covid going on, it's gonna be a little bit different, a little bit more online based than normal, but I'm still gonna get kind of as close to the real experience as I can. Um I'm hoping to graduate and go back to Houston to work as a nurse because that's where the biggest medical center is in the world and that's where the jobs are going to be. So yeah. So what do you, what do you do?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Go ahead.
that sounds good.
I
didn't know.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure, you know, it must be like for me myself, yeah, it's harder to learn online because I'm a person that likes to have uh like school in person that makes me feel more focused and it's like easier to learn. But like, you know, you gotta do what you gotta do, you know, just roll the punches and hopefully do the best I can. Yeah.
No, my family's been pretty healthy, which I'm really thankful for the same
with my friends as well. I don't know anyone directly affected at least.
Sitting here.
I don't know. Some days I'm asking myself, you know, how, how much worse can this get like this already feels like rock bottom? Is there somewhere deeper that we haven't gone yet? Like?
No.
I
don't get it either. And it's sad to say, but I I heard from the news that the people who are spreading around cove at the most are like the people in my age range. Because you know, college students just love to have those parties and not wear masks and having fun out there like so irresponsibly. And you know, I I'm joking. Like half joking, half not when I tell my parents like, you know, I'll see you guys in three weeks when school closes down. So it's
something.
What's up?
Yeah.
Honey.
I just
got it.
that's just, I agree with you. You
know,
I feel like if we had just really hammered down, gotten a real shutdown going, I feel like we wouldn't have such a big issue right now. Like it's obviously worse than where it started. And I definitely feel like states, you know, have definitely reopened too soon because I feel like it's not, I'm going to get any better unless something huge happens. People are still going to go about going doing things and being irresponsible. Like you can't trust people to do the right thing sometimes. It's
just sad to say that.
Exactly.
It's
just sad to hear like how, how little people care I get that, you know, sometimes. Yeah, like okay, we don't want to do certain things, but you got to think about, you know, your inconvenience of wearing a mask versus potentially killing someone because you gave them a virus. Like it's not like there should be no debate there, it's not, it is, you know, I guess that there are some exceptions, like for example, people who might have breathing problems that can't wear a mask, but I feel like, you know, the average healthy adult can wear a mask just fine. And yet there are people who believe that wearing masks are bad for you. Just all the misinformation that's going around is not helping
and it's turned into a huge political issue when it shouldn't be political, it's about health, it's about life, that's not political.
Do you
wear
definitely.
What?
Yeah. Um Well I've obviously been being safe and doing things that don't really involve much people, you know, normally I love shopping but I can't really do that now with covid going on. Like I only really go out when it's like necessary or like in a safe circumstance like social distance and all that. But yeah, like I like to go uh fishing. Um It's weird to say because you know, not many girls like fishing, but I do um I like to go, you know hiking sometimes just walking being around nature. Um I like to play video games kind
of time.
I do a lot of like pc gaming um want to read and just yeah, those are some of my main hobbies.
What about you?
So
and
I love that one.
Just
say
I got that. Like I feel like games should become that they were, it should be stressed free helping you like relieve your stress of anything. But yeah,
playing online, there are some really toxic people out there who will just aim to ruin your day.
Yeah.
Yeah. Some of the stuff you see on social media is just like uh you know why I, this is why I hate people like thanks for reminding me of that. I mean, yeah, I try to like stay away from social media sometimes just because it can be kind of overwhelming and I need a mental break from it. But I do watch a lot of Youtube like I like watching cooking videos. That's another hobby of my cooking. I love cooking and baking. Um I love like those kinds of things that are like away from drama and like away from the toxic everyday like stuff that's going on. So yeah, I
took a lot of stuff actually, like I learned how to do burgers recently um fried chicken as well during this pandemic. I get to give me time to do that. So. Mhm.
I
don't think so.
No.
Are
you?
huh.
I know who I am actually.
want
to stop.
No,
I haven't heard of that.
One thing I want to try making is sour dough bread. I heard it's kind of the main part that you have to get right is like the starter. But I like starter, especially with
some good clam chowder. But
yeah, I like, I like baking a lot. I've I've done cakes, cookies, brownies, mostly like sweets, but I want to learn more into like pastries and like the more difficult stuff like crescents for example are really difficult because you have like fold in that butter and stuff. Yeah.
for sure. Because with cooking you can kind of adjust the taste like as you're cooking. But with baking once you pop in an oven, that's it, like it
better
be right when it goes in
because
What would
you say is your like best dish that you've ever made? Okay.
And we had?
What?
I'm
glad
that you guys are experimenting with stuff. That's the best thing I've made. It would probably be a fried chicken. I made Nashville style hot fried chicken. I followed this recipe by Joshua Weissman, he does Youtube as well. Um and it turned out great. I love spicy food and it was top nausea.
I didn't have access to Lord so I just used better added in like all the spices and with it as well and just drizzle it on top afterwards. It was
good. Yeah. Fall
on. Yeah.
it is a sandwich.
Well it was great talking to you.
Thank you.
I will Youtube.