what are you putting the figure? Is this not me, right? It's everywhere. Then when they do show up there either the stereotypes about the mystical, magical indian or drunk or oversexualized, obligated to the historical stereotypes, it would be like using a caricature of white people and their experience. And it's still very much accepted within the United States to engaging with racism. The Russian team that is a racial story remember is a racial start the clock face. Right? America was like quick but what nobody noticed you watch that segment, those precautions are in the background, almost invisible. And that's apparently been some room isn't the whole purpose of Halloween dress up, pretend for something other than yourself before black face increasingly is wrong. People don't understand about smaller, you know, objectification and misrepresentation. I don't have nothing to address. Uh huh Oh well my house online. No, someone on another trip. Insurance, 20 tv tips. Yeah, it's
cool sweet slavery. Just but uh we didn't have to research, I didn't have to rescheduling things like. Yeah,
that's cool. Sweet. I know it's saturday is kind of weird because it's like
the middle of the day
when I got the email like okay, that's fine because whatever.
Oh yeah, I've only done it once and it was like a few days ago. Have you done a few? Yeah.
sick. This is your last one. You're cut off I think. Yeah, because like I talked to someone which was my first and she's like, oh yeah, like don't you get cut off after six, you can only do six and like, I don't know. But then I read something afterwards. Yeah, you can only do six like that sold.
shit. Okay. Okay. Damn. Okay. Cool. Yeah.
Good.
yeah, because like, you know the ones are like, okay, we'll pay you like 85 cents. And then you're like doing a survey for like eight minutes. You're like jesus christ. It's really worth, it's less than a dollar if it's like a dollar 35 you're like doing
a survey for like 15 to 2015 minutes, like, right?
But it's gonna hesitant because like I saw it and I was like, man, do I really want to talk to a stranger for like 25 minutes? But
I think the first thing I was like whatever, I'll give it a shot and then it wasn't bad at all. Like it was, it was pretty easy. So I was like, all right, I'll do a second one. I'll probably do six of them or whatever when it comes down to it. Like, well,
I'm
glad you joined because like the first one I ever like did it was a no show, so I had to reschedule right off the bat. Uh huh. Yeah, it is what it is. So how's your saturday?
Oh shit. Okay. Nice.
Wait, what were you doing in Bakersfield?
You have to do this in the middle of it?
All
Yeah. You're like, wait, I gotta like to just step out for like 30 minutes.
They like whatever.
So wait, are you in our parents uh house right now?
Like?
It will be like in her old bedroom. We'll wait. She doesn't live. She she's doing okay.
Okay, cool. So that's like her old high school or whatever bedroom. Yeah,
that's right.
Yeah, I saw the poster on the back, so. Yeah.
that's cool. You get to see like her childhood bedroom, like that's sick.
How's uh so you're gonna be there the whole day for
dinner?
Are
you guys staying over and now? Okay.
It
would be, yeah. It's funny to always stay at like a significant others like parents house.
But like you're so used to write because you guys have probably been dating for a long while. Okay.
That's not bad though. Fourth
pretty good. You used to you know you
know
the lay
of the
that's not bad. Yeah,
I'm in Brooklyn so like
on the
opposite coast. Yeah.
it's okay. I just keep on I'm on this uh citizen app, you know that always seems like random shit going on around you in your vicinity, you know like every day, it's just like oh yeah there's like you know the covid cases and shit like that and like the hot spots and Brooklyn and stuff like that? So it's okay though, I don't really go out that much so it's just like whatever. Uh
Yeah, but like at that time when new york was like going down California was like like crazy uh so it's like it's hard to tell how is it over there, Is it like dwindled down now, my friend who lives in L. A. But I haven't talked to him about it in a while.
Well,
but
man, I've been, I
haven't
so like for until like three years ago I lived in a apartment building where the the entrance door is downstairs. It doesn't so you'd have to like open a door and go upstairs just to go to the units and the doorbell doesn't work. So anyone
that even lives in the building, which is only for four different apartment build like apartment units. That's not bad, no one would really hear it unless someone like banged on the door.
I really feel like by like so like the first like seven years of living there, like we would never even think of it because it's just like well no one's really going to bang on the store because it doesn't lead to an apartment, it's a holding so whatever. But now I actually live with actually a front door but I've been here for two years, I didn't do it last year so who knows? I don't know like I mean yeah there's neighborhood kids walking around but I don't know, I never think of it.
Holy
shit. They're like they're like uh they're like well they do, they will leave a burning pile of poop on your doorstep.
Yeah.
A little bit like most of the people that live here is Hispanic area. Everyone's show like
so but um yeah there's a lot of like families here and stuff like that. I'm sure some kids will be walking around. But I mean yeah maybe I'll pick up a bag. I don't know. It's hard to tell. Yeah I I your
dog there?
No,
I heard I heard something I heard I thought it was a dog. Okay,
cool.
So it
yeah I've seen him have a cat. I'm
letting the cat in right now from the yard. So like we have a catches goes in and out of the backyard.
yeah, credit show. Um
Yeah well see fuck, this is never gonna end until we get a vaccine. Yeah, but like during March I was like yeah you know like september like it will be chilled then like hopefully like I was a few months like five months come on. But like everyone is like I don't know. And then now
seeing it like month by month nothing's really changed. Well it has but it's just like fucking hell did I'm just saying like yeah like most of the States it's been worse now like it's just getting lit up was like great.
But you know I feel like people are just like it's been so long. People are just so used to it and not giving a shit anymore you know? But yeah.
Are you working right now? Oh.
That's cool. You didn't get like furloughed or something like that or like let go until they are able to.
Well essentially Yeah. Nice.
that's
go on. Damn. But you have to, you, are you you actually go in or you just like work from home?
Oh shit. Did you go in like when did you start going in? Because I know like you definitely couldn't have gone in like in april or may. Er Okay.
That's
Do you enjoy, you enjoy the half and half
You're getting paid for half to work?
Very.
That's great. That's
I'm fucking out of work until vaccine happens man.
I work at like live music so that shit happening
in sports
and music happened. So yeah 2021 end of 2021 hopefully. Dude sucks.
Yeah,
that's
what
I'm
called.
socks Dude, it's unemployment shitty here. It's like, dude, I'm getting like 2 35 a week. It's ridiculous.
New Jersey is better.
In new york state.
I'm sure. Yeah. I don't know why it's so loan new york
uh bustle. Like don't work 40 hours once the time. So maybe that's part of it, but like it's still low. Uh
My friend in Jersey is like crushing it I think like before like the extra money, I think he was getting like 6 50 or seven something before the extra weekly thing. Yeah. So
yeah, he was doing like uh who knows? But like yeah we're all just sitting tight. It sucks. It just sucks because like I'm I thought about moving home until uh things get back to normal and then I'll move back into the city just to save like fucking.
Uh Yeah like 20 plus grant, 2020 K plus or something like that. We'll see. We'll see. Um Air sucks. It's done. But yeah, we'll see what's up.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it's
just like uh Yeah but moving sucks like moving putting all your shit and your parents like basement and then moving stuff. It's kind of nice like so when you move back you're going to have like nothing because like you're like weed out all the stuff you really don't need. But it's just the process is annoying. What?
But
yeah. Have you lived in your area like all your life?
All
And what
woman?
That's
called.
But you're still like four hours away now like most of the time. It's not like you you
like
Connecticut like an hour 20 minutes away.
I
thought
you
was
back
to
normal. Uh No, it's like the next day.
Arizona. Yeah.
Well because new york is the bottom the most is the southeast tip of
the state.
Canada is probably like uh eight hours. Movie. The
Toronto might be the closest.
Yeah. Yeah it's cool. It's all
Toronto.
Yeah like as a kid as a kid okay
the closest is King's uh in Canada
from
york it's probably like seven hours, 77 hours.
Yeah. Well you're you're closest to Vancouver I guess but still a fucking hike. It's not like two days
drop.
No.
As in Mexico for the first time in january. Oh cool. I go back.
I was like man we should have just like I should have just been stuck there like in March and april during covid or something. Yeah.
yeah
true.
I was in the uh Cancun um what's that area called? The yucatan area so that's
cool but I want to explore more north of that and all that other shit you know even though in Mexico city.
Yeah I mean I've I've gone to the mexican border um from Cali but I've never crossed it. Um It's you know I I walked I walked the
bridge a little bit and then like I just walked back but like I never crossed it or anything like that. It's pretty cool.
well
not
100.
I
think
it's more like oh
you think it's more like people are it's not like police or anything more like locals looking out for like tourist people
like you say when it's like scary. Do you think it's like people are looking out to Robbie or something like that?
Oh yeah. The police.
Yeah. Shit that sucks. Yeah. I read a lot of the stuff to look out for before you could stand and shit. Like people were trying to pull a fast one on you. Yeah, so that sucks. But I was I was like I was just being a little cautious but it was all right like kind of
everything.
Oh yeah, I went there. Uh Yeah, I went we stayed at Villa Dolly and then also uh No, I can't think of it for some reason. The fucking area that everyone goes to. Uh um
Yeah, I
even
stay
on
cancer.
What's
up?
Oh, it's fine. I don't you know what, I don't think I even went into the water. I went to like um
I don't think I think
it rained like one afternoon and that was, it was chill. Yeah, we spent like afternoon that Player Del Carmen and then we went to loom, we spent a couple of days and then we went west to Valladolid did get to know each other and stuff like that. So yeah, definitely would do it again. Uh there for like six days, wanted to stay a little longer. But my friend uh couldn't um that was the only time that
amount of time she she can go. But yeah,
let's go.
Yeah it was crazy because like she was kind of like in between uh things so she didn't even have time, she flew back to the city and then like we ended up just flying out the next day and then like when she got back home she had to fly out like the next day. So she was like, she's like we sure in the trip because like I don't have really any time to decompress before after like Mhm we'll work and fly out and shit. I was just like well we only have like six days, she's like okay, whatever, but I kind of felt bad because like well you're on vacation anyways, just go with it, you know like. Yeah. But
yeah, I do. Well yeah, I guess uh was there um early voting there yet? Because it just started like in new york today? Okay,
I'm
gonna go in in person, probably like Wednesday or thursday when it like kind of dies down a little bit.
fuck it, it's like 10 blocks away, like I didn't get a mail in ballot, I'm like fuck it, it's not worth it. I know like the line will be too bad so whatever.
Yeah right right now this weekend is like probably pretty busy and then monday is probably can be pretty busy but sure it'll taper down.
No.
edit.
dude. I don't, I think I'd even vote last election, but like it's new york, so it's like whatever like you kind of know anyways like, you know, so it's just like, well I was like, well it's gonna go my way or whatever. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not like I live in corridors shit, you know?
But
like,
I think proposition, I
don't know if we have a proposition. I think positions California thing, right? I don't know.
What?
But
What?
woman.
Well
weird
I
didn't
even
hear about that. That's crazy.
It's
kind of like, it's like is this a trick question? Yeah.
So yeah, is that a Taco Bell drink now? Is that Starbucks?
Okay. Cool. Is that new? Oh, I can't
look like how to do. Yeah.
I thought you went to the like Taco Bell and got like a mountain tours.
yeah, Apple.
I hope
you we
bob. But yeah,
yes, saturday's show. I don't not do anything just hanging out.
Do nothing, man. I don't know. I don't really, I don't really need anything, man. I got everything I need. Like, my uh expenditures are phenomenal. It's like, yeah, I don't know, whatever everything's gonna rent. Like I'm going, I'm like every, every, every like month I stay here, um, going negative. So, you know,
I'm not
like, I'm not, well, you know, Okay, so like, you know, beginning of uh Covid, Yeah, I'm still like, my bank account is going plus still. But I think uh by january, I'll
have
to,
I'll have to, I'll have to be taking money out of my bank account to pay,
I'll say. Yeah.
Yeah I mean to think about it, it's just like yeah it's kind of like just weighing, do I want to just
have the extra chunk or just stay here without the hassle? I don't know. I probably have to move out of this apartment anyways. I like it would be cool to have a roommate. I guess it
just so be like run, it will be halved instead of like paying like more than anyone else. Yeah. So I don't know. We'll see. Yeah
it's just
like either doughnut or being lazy not to it. So we'll see though. I don't know but it is what it is. See maybe I'll move at the end of november but I got a lot of shit. That's the only thing, like not furniture but just like bins and like clothes and shit like that. It's like it's annoying.
Thanks dude. Yeah I think we did the 25 minutes like have you ever like been?
We're like oh man I could have just talked more. I think last time it was bad too. But it's just like
Shit
dan.
Yeah well the last person I talked to like yeah we could have kept that going and then I'm looking at a time like well I just we should just cut it off so you can get back to like doing your shit. You know you're like you know how to spend like fucking 35 minutes like
when like my girlfriend's family and ship there and still look at whatever but cool. And then we got a fucking fill this thing out afterwards. That takes time one. Yeah.
No I think it's just to talk about like um it's just a social experiment to see like what people like that don't know each other talk
about and
like
how easy it is or
not easy the conversation is you know?
also the
scale,
the scale I think you know like they're trying to say like how do you feel before
the conversation and how do you feel afterwards? Like they wanna be like do you
feel better or were you confident like did you enjoy the experience and all that shit? And they factor out like if the other person was awkward or not shit.
maybe we'll
see.
Well
17 bucks at 17 25
so
whatever. So yo have a nice saturday man. Nice talking to you. Yeah