Hello?
I
can
hear you fun. Can you hear me?
Great?
I'm
so
no, that's fine. You have caught me talking to my cat a second ago. Um I'm just thrilled that there's somebody there because I waited and waited yesterday and nobody showed up and I was very disappointed and then I just found out a few minutes ago because I had you know what dates and times I was available and uh that was before I knew I was working at something else today. So I just happened to see there was a message on prolific and I said oh hey, I gotta go. So here we are.
I am from new york. Where are you from?
new york
city?
Oh you're upstate. I'm in the city, I'm in the Bronx. I
mean
you're yes.
Yeah, that's my farm state at all. That's Westchester. Right.
Not far at all. No. So we're supposed to talk about anything nothing specific. Right.
I got you. Are you watching the time? I make it 706 right now. Oh
great. I
guess I have a timer but it's in a separate tab. I can't see your dog's head. I see a dog I see an ear. Oh there you are puffy.
Oh that's a sloppy. Yeah
Emma I like just about all dogs.
I have a cat who's not going to come over here and she will not she won't
come if I call
her
a to come here kitty. She's just looking at me like why are you saying my name? I'm on the bed I'm going to leave me alone. She gets she gets snuggly like when she's waiting to be fed or something like that. Yeah I mean no cats cats cats know their own mind and their own will and and there are cats who like to sit on your lap snuggle and she will occasionally, but when it's her idea to do so not when you ask her to and she gets very indignant
at times when you pick her up or whatever. She gets annoyed.
Hey don't hurt people to. My partner is now wrestling with her and she's getting a little
enthusiastic with the claws.
No, she's um like 3.5 years of three. She's worn out. Maybe she's four.
I
mean she's still a young cat but she's not a babe. No but she she likes to she likes to wrestle and she likes to uh you know swipe with the claws and she's very small. She thinks she's think but she's a very small cat. So honestly she has tiny little claws and tiny little teeth and it might hurt a little but she's not doing any damage to anybody. She's on a scale when we went to we took her to get her spayed and she was a kitten at the time. But you know you can stay them when they're kittens but they had supposed to be a certain age, I think it would be five months old or something. And the nurse was like, oh no, this cat doesn't weigh enough, she's too young because she weighed like less than £5 or something like that. And then the veterinarian said, yeah, but she has adult teeth, she's just small, she's just smart but she's an adult, so. Mhm. Yeah, that's my ada
I understand. I thought dogs before some of them are really not cool with cats.
Let's sweep.
Was she like separated from her mother? Was she abandoned? Was she
well?
I
think
lot.
Yeah.
What
you're
talking
about?
Okay. Mhm. What
we really want lining in there? Yeah.
Um This kind of stuff and get the stuff I do some editing but I haven't done it lately because it's very um piecemeal and unless I really set my mind to it and there's a lot of it, there's really no money in it. You know, it's like hard to predict when they'll be working lately. What I've been doing a lot, which is really like a side thing usually is I'm working for this organization that gives out election information to voters, but the certifications reminding people, you know, you should register the deadline for requesting a absentee ballot is coming up. And usually it's I mean it's busy usually around each primary, each deadline. And then in our election, I mean the only kind of for couple of years but this year with the virus, what's happened is there's so many elections that have been cancelled postponed. Um The
polling places have changed. They're trying to encourage people to do mail in voting. So then I have all of that stuff and then we have all the people your encouraging fraud and blah blah blah blah. And my favorite argument if you can stand online at walmart you can stand on like but you know you
have to not answer them like you know you're an idiot you know, but I mean that's been so much more busy because it would have been like you know a shift here and shift their, you know, maybe one week we send out notifications to a particular state and then we expect a lot of responses from the people in that state. But this has been like oh this was postponed a few weeks later. Oh they postponed it again, that we had another notification. Then people are like, hell is going on. What do I do? Is there an election is they're not election? Where do I go? Do I go? I usually go blah blah blah blah. And then, you know, with all these, I mean, you could call them accidental. Were very um so what I'm looking for, we're nonpartisan, we're not affiliated with the party, we're not affiliated with the government, but as a private individual, not all the shenanigans. That is not all just accidental. You know, like let's shut down all the polling places except for one. People just have 100 places to go now. They'll have one place to go, you know? Um. Wisconsin. There were so many people who requested ballots and did not receive them. And in one town. Um I forget what town it was unsafe whatsoever. But there was one town where somebody like went into the post office and they found this whole carton full of ballots that never got sent to the voters like a whole box
of them hundreds you know and that sort of thing. So so that has kept me pretty busy where usually it would just be like a few hours here and there or a day, one week and another day, another week it this week I was scheduled to work on Tuesday only. And then yesterday all of a sudden we got all these hundreds of tickets to work on so my manager said oh if anybody wants to come back tomorrow, so that's why I have told these guys you know do it this evening. And then and then I was like oh shoot you know and then as I was leaving, as I said, you know, can I, I'm going to knock off a few minutes early because I have this other thing to do that I scheduled when and
uh, they said, okay, no problem, we'll handle it tomorrow. What's that supposed to hit tomorrow? But okay. You know, so there you go. So that wasn't met with me blathering on. What do you do
your
students?
No.
you wouldn't
believe
the stuff that Wisconsin? What I mean, A lot of the states have been a mess in their own ways, but Wisconsin, I mean there are other places where people didn't get their ballots. I know in new york, a lot of people didn't get their absentee ballots on time. And I know that we mailed our requesting like on the day of the deadline, we nailed it and we're like, you know what? It's not gonna come by election Day. So we went out and we voted in the polling place against our better judgment, but we're like, you know, there's no balance in the mailbox. Came home from the polling place there. They were. So we would have been able to vote by mail, but a lot of people in new
york, a lot of people in New Jersey, a lot of people here, a lot of people there, but no comparison to Wisconsin, Wisconsin was an absolute train
with. I mean, I can't tell you how many people were like, where is my ballot? I requested it, where is it? Where is it? It never came. I thought they didn't want us to go in person now, I have to either go in person, we're just getting sick or not vote and mhm it was an absolute nightmare. But I mean, I think that a lot of what's going on in Wisconsin, I mean, I have a couple of friends who live in Milwaukee and it's the whole election was just ridiculous. Because what happened was, excuse me, what happened was the governor tried to host home. I remember exactly what happened is all this stuff in my head of all these different elections. I think what happens, the governor tried to postpone the election and he was going to postpone the election. And then the reports said, you know, that's all well and good, but you don't have the authority to do that. So they're going to go through on the regular day. And this was I want to say this is
at least a month ago. I mean, this was when not that a lot of places aren't at the height of COVID-19, but they really were then they really were. And people should not have been I mean they were doing distance but people should not have been like going to the same place at the same time, but there you go. And then
I think they had
to sleep
like
a week or two after that after all these thousands of people, people were out of their houses even with masks and even with whatever. Mhm. It was not appropriate for the time. But as I said, the governor, that's what happened, the governor tribe, he said this is a health risk and we're gonna postpone it. But whatever the procedure is supposed to be at and if it's supposed to go through a legislative process or there was some procedure that was supposed to happen that you couldn't really just do by executive order and I understand that and following up with everything. But come on, you know.
right. Well apparently however they have the law written in Wisconsin it doesn't work that way because I know in new york right governor was able to
do a whole bunch of stuff by executive order but it will depend,
doesn't have a law is written so not Wisconsin. Apparently Stuff I said enough would be blathering on. What do you two
when he said? Cool.
Did
you
say
sneak
label like S. Y. N. Ceasing?
That's okay.
So what are you thinking?
It's similar to the concept of library music or it's just stuff that's composed for the specific things or?
Do you think?
So is it songs like what we think of as songs or particular styles as a lot of electronic music? Mhm.
Movie
soundtrack kind of stuff, yeah. Okay.
It's interesting
and this is is to poughkeepsie.
Nothing
against the kids, you know, I'm one of those new york, downstate provincial people, you know, but like poughkeepsie, it sounded like a larger, a larger city. Yeah,
thank
you.
How
did you do
with that?
Lately because people are not filming things? Right, okay.
I know that I listen to, I don't listen to a lot of podcasts, I listen to a fair number of podcasts, you know a lot of them are, the hosts are the guests, are actors, comedians, whatever and you know, usually at the end like you have anything you want to promote? Yes, I'm in this movie, yes, I'm doing this tv show. Yes, I'm appearing at the theater and it was like, oh no, nothing. You want to go look at my instagram. You can look at my instagram but I'm not going to be doing any shows. You know,
it's
amazing. Like the industries that have been Impact. I just read that 60 solis is going bankrupt and possibly, I mean I know bankruptcy reorganization
doesn't mean you're out of business, but they're considering shutting down the whole operation. That is a huge operation.
you're
over
here.
You
know,
I haven't seen a lot of stuff because I have been doing that shelter and you know, I work remotely and basically it's like my partner will go to the grocery store and I will go take out garbage that's about it, go to the mailbox,
had to go out to vote, we had to go out to run another errand and it was so weird, but you know I just, You know we're supposedly going to face three in the city, they're saying, well we're gonna have inside dining, we changed our minds because we're looking at what I mean, you know, you're in new york with me, what all these other states are doing, it's like, you know, we have to be careful and we told them to be careful. We told them by their example, we had so many cases and they didn't learn. Um But you know, as far as I'm concerned, I mean yeah I might get a little stir crazy and I feel a little isolated but no problem spending another couple of weeks not going to things and not meeting with people. It's a matter of not being exposed to this thing because who knows? And you know, I'm not in a high risk group but I'm not young and besides you never know and um I had a friend I mean I weren't close but the husband of a friend who died um you know he had a lot of respiratory problems but still but still who's to say that I wouldn't you know have a fairly robust immune system and then pass it on to somebody else who doesn't and you know who wants that responsibility really. So that's your whole.
interesting.
How did how did you get into this job? I mean are you a musician? Are you a composer? Do you have a degree in music
remember?
And
obviously
we like animals you
know.
Thank you.
I
thought that scene yeah
that
people
are
doing curbside curbside veterinary services so vaccinate
like
on the outside or examining them
see
now
based on the animal and its temperament, that might really be a problem. I'm sure there are some animals that want to be with their person who they know and they live with
not. I mean, no matter how much they trust you or what, you know what I mean? You're not you're not act.
I can.
And
that's him. Especially if they're set.
You
were defended
but it's not practical in this situation.
Mhm.
Of
course.
Of course.
Thank
you.
I'm
they're in a high
emotional state if if something if they think things wrong with the animal. Right.
Fergus
was not like just a veterinary practice where it's one doctor and whatever this was part of a
company,
brain
woman.
I
see.
After.
All right.
Absolutely.
I mean I have friends who are in that situation, I have one friend who she's always got like 100 jobs and she's in poor health to begin with and she's like oh I'm going to work with, you're going to
work
for
nick conditions. The woman has lupus. I mean why are you exposing yourself to anything? But yeah and then we have another friend who is a doctor who sort of uh what you call, she's a G. P. Just works like a community clinic and she said months ago she said look I know I'm going to catch this. The question is when and how bad I get it because I know I'm going to watch it. I'm dealing with people every day even with protective gear, you know everybody right on top of me every day. So I don't think she has the, I think I would have heard. But yeah, you
know, uh
scary.
But at least at least you can say like, well if the person is an anti, if the person is a doctor, if the persons of whatever in the medical field, it's unfortunate. But maybe it's part of their job and at least there may be helping more people than they're harming, including themselves. But it was like, you know, some poor schmuck who's, you know, in a deli making sandwiches to go or it just doesn't seem fair, you
know,
to
put people in that position. That's not essential. I mean, yes, it's essential that we eat, but it's not worth risking your life over. So
I don't know how you
would go about providing stuff. I
mean obviously, you know do a lot of buying stuff from the supermarket, cooking it yourself. But some people don't you know you know people don't cook at all like even the most simple thing what are those people doing?
What I'm saying is you know the people who are preparing the take out and everything they just
I guess it is essential. But whoever thought that that would be something that would put you at risk of I mean forget death but even being sick having a fever, having a cough whatever it just seems so ridiculous. So
I still can work at home are very fortunate and you know I just tell myself you know it might be a little I don't know what day it is. I don't know what month it is but I'm not coughing I don't feel miserable. I have a friend who had it and she was very very sick. She didn't get a test of course because they weren't testing. Um But she said all kinds of residual effects just like, oh, you know, weeks later. Oh, I feel like I can take a full breath and I've got this problem with that that very weak, very tired. Very, this very, that yeah, it's horrible. And this is a relatively young and robust person, you know? Yeah.
It's very scary. And
what's very scary is the residual after effect? What they say, like, oh well your kidneys could be damaged, Your lungs could be damaged. Yeah. What's that? You know, It's not like, oh, I was really sick. I thought it was going to die, but then I got better. So, but it's not, I mean, there's damage to your, to your organs and your systems anyway, so glad that neither one of us is going through that,
thank goodness. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
How
is your partner the mt holding up though? I mean, this must be extremely stressful. Psychological,
the virus stuff,
and that feels sure. Of course.
And even
with
that
stress
Mhm. I was just the same moving and changing jobs wrestle anyway. You know that those
those
take
their
Absolutely
What
everybody?
All
The
batteries.
I
have to kitty cat. I know you're angry with me. Show
you the little panther was sticking her her claws in me. This is a to kitty. She had a beautiful
girl. So I told you she's small, she's a small little kitty. Yeah, that's another thing that you've had enough of that. Don't pick me up mommy anyway because she was there and she's a pretty
girl
from the top
down.
the other dog. Mhm.
so
cute.
You
don't give
me kisses,
Ada didn't give me anything. I'm just easy. Sometimes she was next to me and she just pers
I think we did. I'm so glad I got to pleasant
and talkative
partner. Thank
goodness.
Do
we close the
window
and go to the other tab in advance? I
don't know. I know there's another tab and there's a like next page thingy. I guess we just closed. I'm gonna you know what right where you are? You know you can ask you your name is not crazy. Hold on. It
says uh do not
move up
the
next
image. Uh uh blah. You should see a timer blah blah blah. Doesn't really say a darn saying except that you're going to go
to the next. My name is Melissa. Back away. Thank
you as well. So I guess we just close this and go back to the other tab. Okay,
well nice
talking
to
you.
Have
evening,
bye bye.