Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you bitch. Six. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know my little chatting? Why? Quote? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Heavy. Okay. Stop. Welcome you to your sister. Did they get a treat? Mm camera right now? Have you already had one questions? Have to see? Yeah. Come on. I'm a guard jealous. I pet her and then I want to go pet bobby and she got really upset. I put me on her back like a tutor and she was like this. Why would you do that to her? Because it was really cute. I was petting her son because she went like that she went it was really cute. Look what? Stop, don't do it to her. She doesn't want and she's terrified. Stop. Yeah, she was fine a minute ago Until you said something. Okay guys, so I'm gonna teach you how to get any guy to come over and talk to you or Supreme number or whatever. Okay so step by step you're gonna glance and then you're gonna look them up and down smart. Yes they get a little bit sappy. I'm just going to school. Okay teach you how to get any guy move and talk to you or us if your number or whatever. Okay so step by step, you're going to glance since last month I've been on a journey to trade a single bobby pin until I get a brand new house if you're confused keep watching last trade. I traded a camera for these Nike blazers. So when I found someone I headed over I treated for even better shoes with this guy off white hyper done but I didn't stop there. The hybrid ones they got treated again. Three what? Mhm. Who Jordan one shattered backwards. Air Jordan she's looking for. I'm really mom, I'm ready for the night train. I'm definitely looking to get out of the sneaker game after three trades in around. But I think I've lined up something pretty amazing. Shout out to johnny and the works us up and tie and beyond that. Yeah. Oh everything. But you have to go. Yeah. I love my friend or doesn't you that don't recognize me. I am still Dawson Established so much I would eat these but I'm not even hungry because I had a salad. My God, I'm gonna have to get a smaller couch. I didn't realize how massive this one was until I had a salad. Sure you noticed littering? Yeah. All right. They offer something salad. What kind of motorcycle boy stabbed other students with? That's fine. I think you need to go here this past year. Are you talk to me? Hey, you're crazy. Thank you. Can I help you know what you're gonna motorcycle? But your, your license to drive. This is just an electric, you know that these kids are getting pretty much is in school and they don't even need it all. Jameson. What? I want to make you a sandwich where you like it like I see anybody. Oh my God. What do you mean Jamison suspended? He's an a B student. A lot of boys stop other students with scissors. That's fine. You need to go. You could have been a little nicer to me today. Uh huh. I also give you this, I want to talk to you about what you walk around a place like because I do. What do you think? You don't come up here? Where you going? Excuse me? No place like home. Mhm Oh, okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Oh my God. I think. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh ex what? Oh my gosh. Okay. Okay. Uh Oh little bubble. Mm Hi. I don't know. Not too much fucking Huh. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Well okay. Mhm.
Hi, can
you hear me? Oh
buddy,
I can yeah.
Yeah. Sorry, I was
just playing with
my dog over here.
she's gonna cry through the whole thing if she doesn't sit with. Uh huh. Oh where are you from?
So am I? Yeah. Yeah.
I mean
I'm an up up state
Oh you're
in the Bronx?
I'm in uh so you wouldn't consider this upstate then but Poughkeepsie had
Not not far. Not far.
Yeah I don't think so. But they just want us on here for 25 minutes I guess.
I have the time or up here too so that's good.
Perfect.
Do if you use,
yeah she's a good girl. Her name is Emma.
you have a cat.
They
never
do.
That's
that's cats.
No.
Is she a kitten?
Oh yeah. So she's got a lot of spunk
in her?
Yeah that's cute. But say I don't like kitties. No she doesn't like kitty, she wouldn't do well with that.
Yeah this one isn't but the other one is the other one was raised by a cat actually which is pretty funny. So
two different
No
no um we got her at three months and the
we had
a cat at the same
time and the cat taught her like everything, taught her how to sleep upside down, taught her how to, you know, snuggle in the bed, all of that stuff. And then we lost the cat, I think the cat was an outdoor cat, it wasn't like a family pet of ours, it became a family pet a little bit. Um
But We lost the cat
when she
was
probably
one so she learned everything from from that cat and uh and now she just she thinks she can do anything. Yeah.
Yeah.
So what do you do?
Yeah.
Thanks.
What?
Shit.
No,
I'm
so interested,
I'm so interested that they found all those ballots just
sitting
there.
back.
Mess.
No.
In
crowds
like
that.
Yeah that's I would think that the governor has the right to do that
dr
cuomo did everything pretty much.
Um I I'm in music
I'm a yeah I'm a project manager at a sink label agency. So
basically what
that
is
is
sorry
S. S. Y. N. C. Sink. Yeah.
So we um basically what we do is we have producers who create music and then we sell that music to um television, movies, things like that. And so we place the music in those certain things. So if you see a yellow commercial or anything like that that has music in the background, that's what we do.
That's that's almost exactly what it is. So you have your music libraries
and some people or some artists rights specifically just for those libraries. Um We will go in and we will talk to publishers and things like that and um ask them what they're looking for. And then if we can connect with that producer who made the music in that library then we can just take one of their songs and we can buy their songs from them.
It is yeah. So it's not something that you would think like Katy perry on the radio, like we don't deal with that stuff. We deal more with like background music. Um E. D. M. Techno rap. Um Kind of just things that you could hear in like the bed like background beats and things like that.
So.
We work more with television and advertising agencies and things like that. But yeah, every once in a while we'll get a deal with like a major movie production or something like that,
so.
No, it's remote actually. It's based in Los Angeles. Yeah.
And I.
It is, yeah. It's an L. A. Based firm that um I
I work
from home, I have a whole home set up, this is kind of part of it and uh and that's it really, it's it's just great.
It's business
has
declined. Sorry, go ahead.
so business has declined by about 50 since since covid um without any kind of filming or music producing or anything like that. People can't be in the same room together so we can't get people to go and record an album or anything like that. So it's been rough.
Not exactly. Yeah, we
got
So that
that's a huge operation. Yeah, I saw that yesterday. Um That's crazy to me. And
even even
like
going to um the mall or something like that and just seeing all the stores that have permanently closed because
of
this and how it's impacted everything. It's crazy to me.
That's it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I was today was my first day at the sink agency before that I was
a vet tech and were considered.
I do, yeah. I have a degree in music. I'm a musician, been in bands all my life
singing and things like that. But the reason that I was working at the vet was because I was in school. So and I um I had worked at the vet when I was a kid and yada yada. So I had been working there for about seven years. Got promoted
to vet
tech.
And obviously I like animals. So,
um, got promoted to vet tech and the virus hit. And we were considered essential workers. So we had to deal with um,
not letting anyone in the building, but we did
car service. So we still had to be in contact.
What
did you
say?
Sorry?
so that's what we had to do
because
so pretty much what we did was we would meet someone outside in their car, we would have them bring us their dog and then we would Do like a little six ft reach where we would take their dog, take the dog inside and then um, bring their dog back out and do everything over the phone.
So no one
was allowed.
Absolutely,
and it's vice versa too. There's a lot of people who want to be with their animals and
who will
not
and who right, And um they will not, you know, let go of them or you know, they want to be with them when we're examining and things like that, which I completely understand. But um yeah,
it
was just crazy.
No, no, not at all. And I think everyone had to kind of take um a step
back and just be like, if this is how I can get my dog inside, then this is how it has to be.
Like,
you can't, especially if they're sick, you know, you can't just be pushing to come inside with them when we don't, we're trying to keep ourselves safe too.
So um we had to explain
that to
a lot of our clients and just trying to get that through to them was a little bit hard because people
love their animals, which I get. Um But
it was.
Yeah. Yeah and it's just crazy to be that I was considered an essential worker and going out every day, seeing the impact that it had on not only our business but every business, you know, we couldn't go out for lunch anymore and we couldn't um you know, just talking to clients and things like that. It was crazy and uh our company wanted nothing to do with it. They did not care that we were there. Um In fact they wanted us working more, they wanted us working overtime because their rationale for that was that everyone is home. So now is the time to take your dog to the vet
because your home,
it's
so it that's exactly what it is is is uh we have three doctors were very small
were based in the
house, like an actual house. Um but we were bought out by uh an actual veterinarian company a
couple
of years ago and ever since that it's been like they just push
us and push us and push us to work regardless of the situation. So um I'm happy to be out of there definitely because that was that really
toll on you
like being told to work more in a crazy situation like this when we're all dealing with it. So um this job is a much better fit obviously.
you're
going
to work. I know.
Yeah,
my partner is an E. M. T. And uh every day you
know has been in contact.
It doesn't
seem
fair.
Absolutely and
I
but
I know because, well I mean takeouts open now and things like that, but
That's yeah.
it really does even
and I remember when it first started, you know, everyone's saying grandma, grandpa like you need to take care of them because it's going to hit their age group, but then you start seeing post pop up that are like 17 year olds getting it and 23 and 30s and all of that and you know, it's just scary kind of.
That's
me too.
sure.
Hello?
It is, it's extremely stressful and I mean between all that, she went through a move, so she moved up here from
during the virus. Yeah, um left her job moved up here um just because of other like different reasons or at least was ending and whatever. And um I mean luckily everyone's hiring like in her field.
um yeah so she was very lucky to pick up a job very fast and and all of that but still like psychologically and uh all of that it was very hard to go out every day whether you're in protective gear or not and get
you
know calls
that are
like
I mean
even
being
an M. T. In general
stressful so um you know you get a call and you don't know you get a call for like coughing or something like that and she has to go in the ambulance and you don't know if they're covid positive or not. So you know taking all the
precautions and then hearing the next day that
they are and then being like oh my God
I was exposed I need to you know
take
my proper precautions and and all of that.
So.
Hi.
he's
hi
hi. Ooh
This
is the other one. Oh.
they need a lot of love Hey. Oh thank you.
Thank
you. Bush
Bush Bush.
Thank
you.
Oh thank you. Thank you. Okay. Yeah so anyway I think we did it.
I
know
I'm
so glad to um I'm not sure how to I'm
not
we
do now.
is that it? Okay?
I
know
I didn't
ask
you either.
Darnley.
my name is Kelsey. Nice to meet you.
Yeah I think so. Well thanks
so
much.
This
was great.
It was nice
talking to you