SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah, sure. Yeah. Mhm. Hey? Yeah, yeah. Mhm compliance. Mm. Business. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No, I can remove
SPEAKER_L: I can you hear me? Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: are you? How are you today? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. How are you? What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Garrett?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Sorry if my, maybe the light seems a little Harris.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I don't think anyone's grading you on garishness for a prolific,
SPEAKER_R: Maybe
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: should be
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: fine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how's it going? You said
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Garrett with
SPEAKER_L: Gary. Yeah. To
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: our Tts and you
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. I'm Jessica
SPEAKER_L: just so very nice to meet you. Uh, is this your first time doing this study through? I forget what the name of the firm is, what whoever
SPEAKER_R: better
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: labs or whatever. Yeah. Um No,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: this is going to be my sixth one, I think my sixth successful one and then like to know show ones.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm glad to have more money in my Paypal account, but I kind of feel like they're thirsty for respondents because they just keep scheduling day after day after day. Like you want a larger sample size or anything? No. Okay. All
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I think though a lot of people have like, you know, are like home more on their computers, more board. Like honestly, I'm just like I miss the random discussions you have with strangers that you come across. Like I miss like weird stuff like that, you know? And so this is kind of the equivalent of like when you sit at a bar and you just talk to whoever's around you only
SPEAKER_L: I would
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: mostly
SPEAKER_R: covid.
SPEAKER_L: agree, but I grew up in this sort of Wild West phase of the internet where there was a lot of weird and not the internet isn't weird, but I'm also an older brother, so I'm very defensive about like how people access the internet and talking to strangers over cameras. Definitely one of those red flag um have a news of communication. It's got a bad reputation, obviously this is different, but so that leads me to a question that I like to ask people, what do you think they're trying to do in this study? Because I was very confused the first time it took, I was like, is there a prompt? Is there a suggestion, a topic like, nope, you just talk?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think, but I don't know necessarily. I guess I have thought more about what would be interesting to me versus like what they're trying to accomplish, but I think it would be an interesting uh huh conceptualization of like self awareness based on the questions afterward of like how, how we were reading ourselves in terms of like how much we what percentage of the conversation we were talking were dominating, how good of a listener we are and then how other people actually perceive us. And so to me that parts of the interesting part. Um but I don't know if that's what I would assume that is at least like a sub
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: topic of the study, but um because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it seems like so obviously laid out for that type of analysis, but I think it could also just be, there could be something interesting to about like the topics that we choose and then how it relates to um whether it energizes us or not versus you know, we might
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: we might like the person like the one I had yesterday, the guy and I, We actually like had like a ton of stuff and really random things in common to like I volunteered as a poll worker this year. He had been a poll observer in 18, uh he's from Trinidad and I spent like two weeks there a couple, like just like a year ago, you know, like stuff that was like very like all over the place where both big theater nerds and he's a writer and I do some writing and so um lots of stuff like that. And but the whole first half of our conversation was all like election drama and stuff. And so like, it wasn't until then we started switching into like the arts and these other interests that we have that I felt like all of a sudden then our conversation got really energized and Like we ended we ended up going to like 45 minutes because then we were talking about cool stuff that we were both enjoying and so kept going. But but the whole first half of the conversation is like depressing because of the world we live in. So yeah, I don't know. Maybe there's something there too.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting. I've mostly spoken to people in their early 20s in college students which I used to teach at a university. So I have experienced talking to them about topics like this, but they were really hesitant to talk about anything political. They talked almost like it was a bad word. They're like, well, you know because of recent events and like do you mean the pandemic like no recent electoral events? I was like, Oh I mean you're, you're referring to the 2020 presidential election elect. It's like oh I see, I understand. So tell me more about
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: your husband's farm or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. So for every single I don't it must be there must be some kind of um, sure like maybe people more inclined to, you know, like I feel like this the group is like we're self selecting by opting in were like pretty open people. There's got to be some of that. But so far every single person, you're number six, why? I don't, I'm not asking you who you voted for, but so far everybody has been very like progressive oriented and uh not, you know, not for fascism. So, so it's been like very uh I don't I don't feel like it's been like a hot button topic. I felt like everybody's been pretty much on the same page and like different ages. I've had a pretty reasonable mix of like ages. Uh you know, genders and race demographics have been pretty like wide ranging. So yeah, it hasn't been uh yeah, it would have been hard for me to talk for 25 minutes to somebody if it
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: going to go the other direction,
SPEAKER_L: cardboard cut out
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: of like trump in the background and like trump flag waving
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: the breeze.
SPEAKER_R: rough. I mean in my normal life, I'm fond of saying like I can be friends with anyone, you know, Whether it's for five minutes or 50 years, that's the question. You know? But like if I if I need to talk to somebody really has some scary beliefs, I would try to at least like fine. Mhm. You can't you can't you can't make any movement uh in those beliefs if you don't find some common ground first, you know? So I try to approach these
SPEAKER_L: When it comes to conversations like that, I always wonder what the very early Jesuit missionaries used to do because they were sent to these far flung places where there was no concept of and I'm not a practicing christian, there's no concept of Christianity or monotheism or anything. You have these dudes in burlap robes kind of thrown up on the beach, coughing seawater out and it's like, okay, go and establish an institution. It's like, how did you do that?
SPEAKER_R: violence, didn't they use violence a lot
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: to do
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: my specialization is I, I do, I have a PhD, I did japanese politics. I've learned a little bit about the Jesuits in japan. They were inflicted with violence. I mean, they definitely used a lot of coercive bargaining tactics, but they weren't
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: paddling
SPEAKER_R: grab.
SPEAKER_L: anybody. That was the other way around the japanese were paddling them. Uh, for sure, once things got rolling, there was a lot more violence and gun powder and disease. But early,
SPEAKER_R: Marama.
SPEAKER_L: early, early on, I mean, and they didn't even speak the language and that's kind of how I felt when I was in Southern California is, I don't know if you live in California, if you're familiar with California.
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty strongly familiar with it but I have never lived there but Spent like I've been there at least 50 times maybe more.
SPEAKER_L: so coastal California, beautiful hyper progressive, great all that sort of stuff. You go about 50 miles east and it is a like mad max wasteland of people overcompensating uh you know with their symbols of trumpism and all that sort of stuff, I always found that very weird and somewhere in the middle there's like good music venues and good bars and good craft breweries and like you start to see a mix of people and it's like you got the sort of hipster with the trilby hat and like you know the felt cut flannel shirt, trying to talk to a guy who came in on a Harley? And again, I don't want to assume the guy coming on, the Harley is one way or another, but then he's got the trump t shirt and the trump leather patch, It's like uh I was just going to go, it's gonna be interesting
SPEAKER_R: You wore your opinions on your sleep so
SPEAKER_L: literally.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh. So didn't they also did these missionaries also benefit though? Just from the sheer fact that like nobody had ever seen someone that looked like them and they had more like modern modern tools or whatever with them and so there was kind of this like shock and awe sort of factor where like maybe they came from heaven above, you know like sort of I feel like at least in some places um I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: feel like I've heard this about peru like and you know in peru that was like some of the response was just like oh these guys must be like you know, they're they're like magical somehow, so
SPEAKER_L: Right. They have a they have a sextant so I guess we should just follow the religion as well because
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: they're really good at tracking the star so they must have everything else in order. Um I'm not I'm not a history of of missionary stuff per se, it's just sort of tangential to what I do for my political science degree. So I'm sure that's true in some cases in the japanese case they're like these guys are they're dirty. Uh They speak a really stupid language, they had a word for them for the early Europeans because the japanese didn't have much dairy in their diet, but the Europeans did. So they called them to see which means reeking of butter, that sort of rancid butter smell. So they weren't particularly impressed with the european missionaries until some of them brought guns over. And then the local feudal lords are like, wow, these are really useful for beating up on my cousin on the other side of the hill. If I convert to your religion, can I have like a couple of boxes of those? So that's kind of how, when it was a little bit more transactional. And then
SPEAKER_R: bargaining.
SPEAKER_L: once the Lord was christian, he's like, now everybody in my domain has to be christian peasants, merchants, like, y'all gotta get with the program. So it's very transactional and very factional. But I'm sure it was a totally different experience in china or peru or you know, depending on the time period In which missionaries were coming through, the Catholics did very things very differently from those like 19th century evangelicals were like we're going to save Chinese souls at any cost. And you know, they crack their knuckles when they say at any cost, you're like, Oh boy, that's that doesn't sound good. That sounds very ominous.
SPEAKER_R: I think there was also, I mean this is still a tool used now uh if you go to people who are starving and you trade food for uh you know agreement conversion, whatever, like it doesn't seem that I'm not that impressed with your tactics but it's effective. You know like I
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: technically
SPEAKER_L: those,
SPEAKER_R: have the numbers but I don't know
SPEAKER_L: can you
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: can have the retroviral uh capsules as long as you've passed the quiz on your genesis readings this week. All
SPEAKER_R: thank you so much I guess I'll do
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: weren't able to to describe the pact with noah. So I guess you don't get clean
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: water on the day. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: what a mess. Yeah I feel like I feel like yes I agree with you. There is definitely something interesting there too. Study like uh but I'm I'm interested in general about consensus building and like even just like from a leadership standpoint, you know I work with a lot of non profits and stuff and I. M. A. C. P. A. And I do a lot of board service work and so to me um it's never made sense when people think that leadership is about like ruling over others. Like it should be about getting people on the same page and if you can't persuade people to your position maybe
SPEAKER_L: year.
SPEAKER_R: there really solid reasons why your position is not great you know and we should be able to examine that and and change it and adapt it so that we cannot get at least reasonably close you know?
SPEAKER_L: sure. But there's got to be a limit their right like for example, I can talk to my girlfriend's parents and what I can say. Well you and I both agree they're they're christian and I can I can talk to and say you and I both agree that trump is probably not a model christian right? Like well I don't know about that, I'm like well you know he was cheating on his wife and raw dogging a porn star, like that's probably not very christian behavior. Can you agree on that? They said oh well of course we can agree on that. So it's not a good christian. Oh okay I suppose we can agree on that but we like that he is anti abortion and is appointing and and that's a break right? Like they will never break from that position. There's no way for me to persuade them to not support that position and vice versa. At which point we can't like form a coalition or a partnership on this common cause about you know what abortion policy should be or not. Um You know and you can't push too hard on than either. So as a C. P. A. And that's an extreme example of a personal example. But in your position, working with Ngos um if somebody just can't be persuaded to come to your side at least, do they make it clear why like there's there's some fundamental policy position right there? Well we just don't we don't believe in the distribution of funds in this way or we don't believe that charity distributed in this fashion is particularly effective and that's our core mission statement that's on our website. So our people or groups transparent at least when they can't can't be persuaded or can't sort of come into coalition.
SPEAKER_R: debt. I have two things I want to respond to that you said. Um so one I think that it obviously depends on the
SPEAKER_L: Killer.
SPEAKER_R: person and going back to this being a study of self awareness. Uh There are a lot of people out there that are not in touch with their feelings, they just feel things but then they're like uncomfortable about it, they don't know how to articulate what they're feeling. Um It's just very reactionary behavior in general. And so I would say the more in that space someone is, the more difficult it is or the less forthcoming they are about being able to explain the why for them, you know? Um But so mm my response is always like kind of what you do right away, get people saying yes as quickly as possible. So let's get to some base earlier level where we can like both say yes, we agree, we both agree on this. Um and then often times also doing what you do, asking questions leading questions but trying to be kind of slick about it at the risk of sounding manipulative. Like it's just extremely effective too. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I do this in my like business coaching too. You know, like people are always going to respond better when they think they came to the idea of themselves and so like trying to ask questions that will guide them to the same realization that we're already at. Um I've found to be very effective. But then as far as like a topic like abortion, I see zero reason to get into a moral argument with anyone about abortion or a similar topic. I see it as let's talk policy. So what's your goal is your goal to have as like let's start trending down, let's have fewer and fewer abortions happening every single year until we can get to zero. So the way to do that, here's what's going to be effective, boom boom boom boom boom. And let's start creating these policies, implementing these policies and we will see the results that you want and like try to get on the page. Like I don't, in a way, I think that they have a reasonable argument that like it's a life and we should protect life if that's just their argument, I can't really argue against that. So like so why would I play the game to do So, you know? And so but my argument is like if I had a tapeworm I would get rid of it. So why why would I, why would I not get rid of this other thing that's like feeding off of my substance, you know for us? Like so it's just uh but I'm not ever gonna have that argument with somebody, even though that's how I feel, I'm just going to come in policy was
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know that I had a goal, like I wasn't trying to get them to admit that we should have like candy bowls of plan B in every high school classroom. Um but but there's sort of like this constellation of social issues that I think if you aren't thinking about politics every day and I honestly don't believe people should, I mean I'm a political scientist, I read about this stuff all day, I'm job right. Like I feel politically informed and I wish other people would do so as well, but other people have
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: like jobs and so the cancer, tannery peer reviewed papers or even the newspaper every day. So they just kind of this, this constellation of this gestalt of like christian political identity, that's this big meatball of like what's good and what's bad and sort of trump is in the middle of it and what I wanted to do was like, let's identify the core of this meatball, like you have all these really good christian values and I admire you for this and all that, but like I need to I need to understand why this particular orange crusty thing in the middle is being surrounded by this sort of christian sanctity that you're putting up and so you have to sort of hide away at that, it's like, well do you think he's christian because of this? Well no, do you think he's christian because of that? No, it's like, okay, so why did you put him in the middle of the christian meatball to torture an analogy and it comes down to a policy like abortion at which point like, okay, so that explains that that's sort of where I stop, right? I don't, the abortion conversation is a whole different thing that's been around for much longer. But that's
SPEAKER_R: share
SPEAKER_L: what I was trying to like, like why are you planting him in with all this other imagery? Let's try to extract that and understand a little bit better. And and it was it was respectful and you know it was lubricated with beer for sure. But um you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: know, it was, it was
SPEAKER_R: important
SPEAKER_L: a good conversation. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: always important to a point that it it just degenerates the conversation quickly. Like
SPEAKER_L: 2 2 servings is good.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully I, you know, hopefully in general I'm very uh fair and reasonable, but I'm not going to pretend that if I haven't had a few glasses of wine, I'm not going to get you know,
SPEAKER_L: Sassy, sassy is the word up.
SPEAKER_R: sassy fast for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, so, and I had a political science professor in university who basically said he felt like it was great that we had so much gridlock in government and in congress because like
SPEAKER_L: since
SPEAKER_R: generally they make terrible decisions so the less that they can accomplish the better for all of us, that was his opinion
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: and that I always like will remember that. I thought it was so funny.
SPEAKER_L: I suppose it sounds like an edgy undergraduate political scientists take like I would get this
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: from like fresh. Yeah, like the freshman sophomore like did you know America is technically a Republican, not a democracy and like oh I see you read the Wikipedia entry for republican is very good, very drill. Um He's got a point like I don't, I don't study american politics, I studied japanese politics and they have a parliamentary system so it's a lot easier to get stuff done. And to his point, I mean could you imagine if the GOP had the Senate for the last four years or the House, excuse me as well? Right. Obviously a lot more would have gotten done and it would have been more for people like you and I damaging or deleterious. Um but in Japan they have like six different political parties so it's not like just one appears and does anything they want, they have to like collaborate and so it slows things down even as it's easier to pass legislation by the rules. You still have to go to the Green Party and you still have to go to like there's a party that's like japanese mormons and you have to go talk to them about their concerns and all
SPEAKER_R: intriguing.
SPEAKER_L: that sort of stuff. And so the legislation is very watered down. Yeah. If you wanna, if you wanna look at, it was called Soka Gakkai um uh the
SPEAKER_R: Acid
SPEAKER_L: roman
SPEAKER_R: you also
SPEAKER_L: ization is,
SPEAKER_R: extend to these or do you just know soapy? It's crazy
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I've been studying that stupid language for like 12 years.
SPEAKER_R: happy.
SPEAKER_L: It is so hard. It
SPEAKER_R: It's hard.
SPEAKER_L: is, if I had been doing French, I could be like, you know, speaking, you know, executive,
SPEAKER_R: translating
SPEAKER_L: you know, high
SPEAKER_R: poetry,
SPEAKER_L: oh, beautiful stuff and now I can, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can barely
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: see,
SPEAKER_R: think that's the hardest job in the world to be a poetry translator specifically like
SPEAKER_L: oh, I mean they're half crazy for a reason. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: can you say it again? There are
SPEAKER_L: Focus,
SPEAKER_R: spell it
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: for me,
SPEAKER_L: called Soka Gakkai s Okay. Space G A K K I. So they came out of a very traditional form of buddhism called niche potential shoe and then it kind of developed around a modern personality like this guy born in the 20th century and I wouldn't call it a cult, it's not culti it's just very centralist kind of like mormonism is and has tenants that are distinct from the parent religion that it came out of and they have a very very very coherent political arm as well which is imagine if like mitt Romney was the head of like the L. D. S. Party or something and the republicans constantly had to go to the LDS party and say you know, does this bill look okay, does this resolution look okay? Very very interesting Germany
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: has this too that like they have the christian social union or something like that And so they're like just part of politics and you got to go talk to them like you
SPEAKER_R: we studied
SPEAKER_L: is this?
SPEAKER_R: Germany and my my one political science class that I took to university and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I thought their system was fascinating. But this is years ago so I don't know if I'd be able to
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: spout
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: off.
SPEAKER_L: it's let's say the Bundestag and the buddhist rob is the upper house and they're just beautiful words to say
SPEAKER_R: I like it mm. Very good. So you're definitely the most unique person. I've had a conversation with them here,
SPEAKER_L: well thank you.
SPEAKER_R: the first person who's taught me something that's pretty exciting.
SPEAKER_L: Well stop me if I'm mansplaining as well, I try to be sensitive to that but I only want a man's plan on what I think. I know Japanese
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: politics.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, if you're an expert on something Man Splain away. But I had a X obviously an ex who literally tried to mansplaining about women's anatomy and I really should have seen that red flag more
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: clearly
SPEAKER_L: was this
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: early
SPEAKER_R: quickly.
SPEAKER_L: in the relationship or later in the
SPEAKER_R: like within like a month.
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: that's unfortunate, I'm sorry. But
SPEAKER_R: really outrageous. I mean I always have I stand up for myself, I have no issues doing that. But it was um in other ways I was too mesmerized. And I stuck
SPEAKER_L: sometimes
SPEAKER_R: with him anyways.
SPEAKER_L: these these this batshit insanity comes out of left field so far that you're not even prepared for it right? Like mild misogyny, plenty of practice and that I can handle it. Uh criticisms that I hear often but bad women's anatomy is like I had no idea that that was coming. I wasn't trained for this. I
SPEAKER_R: And he was
SPEAKER_L: don't even
SPEAKER_R: wrong
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: And I pulled
SPEAKER_L: Well of
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: like that. Of course he was wrong. Yeah. And I was just but he was like so adamant, so convinced that he was telling me. And I was just like, you've got to be kidding. This is
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: outrageous.
SPEAKER_L: we need to form a committee or something to prove you wrong apparently. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So ridiculous
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah
SPEAKER_R: I guess.
SPEAKER_L: that's but I'm glad he's next. I have a lot of friends who are in um there in relationships that are good enough. They're not abusive then certainly not abusive. Maybe mildly emotionally abusive, but there's some good parts too. And so they're kind of, there's this carnival game always think of where you have to push a bowling ball and it has to go up one hill but not go up the second. So it has to kind of fall into this this equilibrium. And a lot of them are in equilibrium, especially during lockdown because they're terrified of being single Uh during the 3rd spike.
SPEAKER_R: Dating during Covid is definitely nearly impossible and weird. Um But that you like, I don't know. I think it's really hard to maintain interest when you don't get to like hang out. There's
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: clinical.
SPEAKER_R: so there's only so much, yeah. It feels very business. Like, like I'm already on zoom all day for business. The last thing I want to do is like have like a zoom date at night. You know? It's like really gets, there's zoom fatigue for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, this is what we get from being in the continental United States. I have a friend who's in Melbourne Australia and they just came out of their third lockdown. They haven't had a case for 12 days and apparently everybody is very thirsty. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: living
SPEAKER_L: riled
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: Melbourne
SPEAKER_L: in the team.
SPEAKER_R: not long ago.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. There's Australians were already aggressive I guess culturally, but especially
SPEAKER_R: they are.
SPEAKER_L: now. So um so
SPEAKER_R: And very blunt. Like so many guys were just like propositioning me like within like
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: two hours of knowing them or something, you know?
SPEAKER_L: And that's that's you have the luxury apparently having this in person. Uh this front
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: in december january.
SPEAKER_L: okay, she's getting messages on. There's some new dating app that and they're like, you know, I want to have a baby with you. It's
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: like we haven't haven't met yet, right? It's like you
SPEAKER_R: come out of the gate swimming.
SPEAKER_L: well, he did. He came out of the gate with really aggressive sort of sexually. Anyway. And then and so he moved past the aggressive, anonymous sexting to let's just copulate and she's like there was a lot of red
SPEAKER_R: Gross,
SPEAKER_L: flags in front, but this is this
SPEAKER_R: gross.
SPEAKER_L: is really terrible.
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you use that word them out immediately to.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. The more scientific you make this process, the more repulsive it is. But again, they hadn't even met at that point. So she was she was repulsed on lots of different dimensions.
SPEAKER_R: Every every level. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: So so I was like alright, let people sort of calm down a little bit, let a week go by, you know and try it again and see if people normalize a bit. So I I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: saw
SPEAKER_R: cannot
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: imagine being there right now because I was just like meeting my like I was there staying with a friend, a guy friend, um just a friend. And so then every single one of his guy friends that I met the whole time I was I was just like all up in my D. M. S. Like the second like we left the party, your bar whatever you know? And I was just like your friends are really forward and really aggressive and he was just like
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: she was normal. Uh
SPEAKER_L: sounds like us.
SPEAKER_R: It sounds like every single other day in here. I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: was like okay but
SPEAKER_L: the Australians
SPEAKER_R: I was living
SPEAKER_L: are aggressive
SPEAKER_R: in Thailand before that and it was not the same
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: the same
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: or europe or they're not aggressive. They're just very relaxed about it right there. Like well that was a very nice day which you want to come over to my place like oh that quickly. Like I'm sorry, did I offend you? It's like, no, it's just it's very different from american moray is like, I mean you take it or leave it. I don't know. Look.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I dated someone in Spain when I was uh I was like volunteering in Spain and I met this guy through the volunteering. And so then we started but I was like it seems like he likes me but he was being it was so confusing and so I was like talking to my spanish female friends there and they said she's like one of them said there's a saying it would roughly translate as the spanish man will take the step but only if he knows he can take the step, something like that. And I was like okay and
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: so so I was like so I have to like make make this like super obvious or something I get. So we went on a date but he like brought his cousin with him and stuff and then I was just like
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: kind of violates the
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: dance analogy.
SPEAKER_R: is going on? I was so upset and then my friend was like no it's great, it's great. He's like wanting you to feel comfortable and like also like introducing you to his family, it was just a very different situation and I like met his, he had me like meet his kids within like I think like on our second date or whatever, I met his son already you know
SPEAKER_L: That's a
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: lot.
SPEAKER_R: and then yeah it was like a but but like really yeah the data in such a it's fun to like date around the world and then see all these like differences,
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: feel like you learn a lot more about the culture that way.
SPEAKER_L: Well it sounds like you had a much richer portfolio experiences before the lockdown. Imagine sort of Like, you know, deliberately single working on yourself around February 2020 or like I'm ready, I'm ready to hit the dating market and just everything collapses and falls apart.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: Like good God, no, finally
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: ready to finally ready to blossom. But now it's winter across the world.
SPEAKER_R: yeah now I gave up, you missed the window like
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: it was I had this really sweet seven month window where I was like all all like that my best self or whatever and now now I'm back to eating cake at that or
SPEAKER_L: Well there's there's
SPEAKER_R: whatever.
SPEAKER_L: there's there's hope in the spring, right? Why widespread distribution of vaccines and such in april uh you know, we're not too far away so everybody should get their crunches
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: see, we'll see. I know I need to get back to doing yoga every day, we'll see how that goes. I joined the gym, I'm worried about I'm here in Wisconsin. I don't know where you are. But Uh this isn't I haven't lived here, I'm from here but I haven't lived here in 15 years. And so being locked down here has been uh the first three months were really rough. I will say for sure I was, It felt like I was back in high school, you know like having no choice in the matter of being stuck in Wisconsin. And so so here I am and I I was doing fine and I haven't had any like covid waking or anything like that. But now that it's gotten cold, I'm like this is like a nightmare. I can't I haven't survived a Wisconsin winter in 15 years. Like I don't have my midwestern hardiness is like gone. You know like I'm
SPEAKER_L: Thousands.
SPEAKER_R: like a baby about it now and I'm like freaked out. Like I can't go up.
SPEAKER_L: You were luxuriating in these mediterranean warmth and being introduced to families and padilla. Now you're back in the line of uh
SPEAKER_R: Living in Bangkok for six months. Like I cannot deal with this cold weather. This is horrifying.
SPEAKER_L: and the hardest part is you're like, I need to stay healthy somehow. Let's go to the grocery
SPEAKER_R: I'm.
SPEAKER_L: store and midwestern cuisine or like what people do in late spring and winter is just like eat meat and sit like all my friends who went to school in Chicago, I mean they gained like £40 every year and it
SPEAKER_R: Yikes.
SPEAKER_L: worked really hard to live because
SPEAKER_R: Except
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: intense.
SPEAKER_L: are they going to do that? Like going outside is punishing like even going to get the mail. Makes me sad. Right?
SPEAKER_R: It's horrifying. It is. I
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: san Diego where I got my PhD like the winner is 65 degrees. So people are still running and
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: looking
SPEAKER_R: it's the best
SPEAKER_L: into the beach. It
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: aunt
SPEAKER_L: it's just,
SPEAKER_R: and uncle lived there.
SPEAKER_L: it's so, it's just so expensive. So like unaffordable, expensive, unfortunate
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: mhm
SPEAKER_R: so I agree with you about the food and how shockingly gross the grocery stores are here. Like I lived in Portland before this too, so I was like like I was so uh spoiled with bounty incredible bouncy all year round, beautiful growing season and just like the best of the best food and beverage to offer I think especially when you consider like dollar values in the whole U. S. I think that and now I'm like I'm a luckily I was a good cook and I love to cook before this but now I'm like yo my cooking flick Primo now it's really it's really leveled up for sure. But I have to get I have to like order all these specialty ingredients because I'm like cooking around the world you know? And so I'm like mail ordering like spices and stuff because there's nowhere around here that's like reasonable to get the things that
SPEAKER_L: So here's the key question. Why would you leave paradise for purgatory?
SPEAKER_R: I was, I got trapped here. It's not my fault, it wasn't the choice. I
SPEAKER_L: I see. All right
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: coming
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: back by chance. I was coming back at the end of february and I was just supposed to be in the U. S. For like five or six weeks. I was going to celebrate my birthday at the end of february friends. I was, as I celebrated my birthday and death for Alex, I thought that would be the funniest and so went there. Then I came back here and I was supposed to house sit for my dad for a month while uh like for this like interim period. And then one of my best friends was supposed to get married in savannah, mid april. And then right after that I was supposed to move to Georgia the country and, and or like go back and forth from there to Bulgaria. And so that was supposed to be the rest of my year. And then now I've been trapped here since february.
SPEAKER_L: that's horrible.
SPEAKER_R: It is horrifying.
SPEAKER_L: That's so terrible
SPEAKER_R: I agree. It is
SPEAKER_L: of all
SPEAKER_R: 100%.
SPEAKER_L: the places in America to be trapped too. Just like the coldest remotest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's the worst. But I find ways to extract value from anything. So that's what I'm working now that I've, you know, I think it's a for better or worse humans are incredibly adaptable. Like we even adapt to terrible situations and uh toxic relationships. We do have to all of it. And so I, you know, I had that rough like three first months where I was like really depressed about it. But now I'm like, no, I've got my, I've got a covid rhythm and I'm like building some new habits that I really nice for me.
SPEAKER_L: Are you sure that's not just Stockholm syndrome where the hostage takers universe?
SPEAKER_R: maybe. But whatever. Let me live in my delusion for a minute.
SPEAKER_L: fair enough
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: fair enough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: don't have any other choice. I might as well figure
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: to pop
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: anybody's bubbles until
SPEAKER_R: it makes the best of this bad
SPEAKER_L: spring
SPEAKER_R: situation.
SPEAKER_L: and summer. No it's true. I um I was a post doc at Yale and they took the second year of funding away because it's external. So I'm living and it's a very nicely appointed basement. But I am in my parents basement and I have a very good working relationship with my family and their geriatric dogs which I do need to walk one of them shortly but I'm also 36 I'm not the kind of person who wants to go home and live in their parents basement. This is a financial
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: necessity. So I am. I actually sent out my 400 application on Wednesday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you looking for teaching positions or what are you looking for?
SPEAKER_L: the academic job market is a dumpster fire. So I've been looking at tech jobs in government jobs in particular and it's a great time to move into government service. But those take
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: long.
SPEAKER_R: funny. I've been thinking about doing the same.
SPEAKER_L: Well the CPA you're much more qualified for for some of those jobs like budget and there are so
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: many openings for budget analysts and such and I'm afraid I don't know too much about what a C. P. A. Does certified public accountant. That's kind of work. I assume spreadsheets are involved. Um But but the government, I mean if you know V. B. A. The government will be very excited. Um But yeah there's a ton of financial analyst, budget analyst positions and you know they need you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Actually,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how much. Maybe. Well you you have a pretty like specific, like all phds, it's pretty niche what you study, but um but I have been mostly I love data. So I came from I worked at Deloitte and I have like an audit background, so usually when people think of cps, they think taxes, but there's like actually more of us that don't do taxes. Um And really what we are is risk management professionals. So I I'm trained to assess risk and either create mitigating controls against that risk or evaluate controls that are already implemented. Look for inefficiencies. Um like sometimes you have controls that like are accomplishing the same thing and you really they're redundant. You don't really need one. You can, every time you implement a control it adds costs and time to the process. So I'm very like process improvement oriented and a data nerd. And so watching how the polls have like been uh ill informed and have come to most of them have come to flawed conclusions. Has made me really interested in like maybe going back to school and getting my masters of data science and I think I could, I think I could improve what they're doing. I feel like a lot of, I know a lot of data science scientists, they are not in touch with middle America and so I don't think like they know how to design the research like accordingly and channel it.
SPEAKER_L: I both agree and disagree and I say that because I use survey analysis on my dissertation. My my department was very quiet heavy. There's some political science departments where they do the old fashioned like I went to Zimbabwe and was hung out with for six months and wrote a book about it. Ours was very much like you're going to learn are an SPS test and regression analysis and
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: for six months or die. Um And we're like oh my God is that political science like it is now. Um
SPEAKER_R: I think it's important. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And the research scientists are very good at the mathematical aspects but they're very bad contextualizing that in the political atmosphere it's like one of the big problems was nobody pulled latin X voters or Latina voters I've heard is that you put e instead of an X at the end, right? Like most of these polls and they failed to wait it properly, are the right the post stratification weights, people are like half these guys were like, what's that? Right? Outside of like Nate silver, Nate Cohn and G Elliott Morris at fivethirtyeight new york times and economy. It's like nobody was doing any of this stuff and they had, like you said, they have smart data scientists who go in there and like, you know, here's what the confidence intervals are going to look like and here's what air is going to look like. It's like, but are there is correlated to anything that we might be forgetting? Right? Like, well, I don't know. It's like, well, of course you don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I also think we could, I want to see the question, I want to see maybe this is published. I haven't looked it up. I need to look this up and see, I want to know exactly what questions they're asking people because I think you could ask, I think you need to ask different questions to really get to the truth. Like some people are embarrassed about their choice and aren't going to tell you like and uh and aren't obvious about it like so I volunteered as a poll worker on Election Day and they like there were no incidents. Everybody was peaceful and polite as could be. It was like Calm, almost like a positive atmosphere. We served 775 people and There was like one person wearing a Trump mask and even mass in general 98, of everyone wearing a mask and no issues, no arguments, nothing. one guy was like a obvious trump supporter. Everybody else totally chill. And Then I count I was like going through ballots at the end of the night overwhelmingly voted for Trump like 2-1, you know, as as it was for election day voters all over the us. And so so it was like dramatic how these people I think are like hiding in plain sight kind of thing and they're not, it's the noisy ones that attend the rallies that get all the attention. But there's a lot of educated, regular folks who are your neighbors and your coworkers are also building, you know, and
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: I don't think it's a
SPEAKER_L: the name for this that you want to punch in google scholar is the Bradley effect or the it's sometimes called the wilder effect. They're slightly different. Kind of mean the same thing that there's a discrepancy between how people express themselves on surveys and then how they act. Um most salient lee this is with racism because you can't ask somebody like, you know, do you hate black people? No one,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: no one will
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: say they will.
SPEAKER_R: one will answer that yet.
SPEAKER_L: But people will try to like the classic way pollsters will try to prime people on a racist answer is do you think african americans should work harder for what they deserve, right? These sort of questions that kind of get around these concepts that are tied to racism with without saying racism. Um or you can do things like um everywhere there called it like they're called shaking test or melon and test or something like that. But you take a photograph of somebody who's one race or another and you adjust the color and see if that changes people's perceptions of the candidate. All these sort of like tricks to to kind of get around it but that you're right that that is a fundamental problem. And I'm guessing you actually have seen a lot of these questions what they're asking service because prolific has a ton of these political science oriented surveys. Um
SPEAKER_R: And so the polls that were those the surveys were answering there are directly tying into like the poll data.
SPEAKER_L: So the poll data,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: assumed
SPEAKER_L: problem
SPEAKER_R: these were more academic in nature and not.
SPEAKER_L: these are but the questions are often shared. So big firms like Pr I or quinnipiac. You can see the kinds of questions that used by looking at the it's called the A. And E. S. The american national Electoral survey. It's run kind of by academics and post polling firms as well. It's really really big its longitudinal so it's got many many cohorts.
SPEAKER_R: Can you, I'm sorry. Can you say it again? American?
SPEAKER_L: Sure its american
SPEAKER_R: What was it?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's the american national electoral or election. Something like that survey A. And E. S. Everyone always calls it aims and they try to find like the most benign, simple, parsimonious, un controversial way to ask a question so that you don't get this discussion like um and it's contextualized for like american audience as well. So it's like uh instead of asking do you like or dislike a candidate? They'll use something called A Feeling Thermometer, right? And this is a nice approachable measure for people like zero degrees is chilly and cold on the candidate and 100 degrees means you're hot hot hot. It's like okay that is a pretty approachable measure that people can kind of kind of get behind. Um And so you can see what these really banal forms of these questions look like. And that's usually what these big polling firms are asking, right? They're not unless you're actually, Fox News has a reputation for having good independent polling. But if you take something like, Oh yeah, they're gonna be like, you know, who's the best candidate for president this year? The great american donald trump or sleepy joe. Obviously that's a loaded question. That's a poorly designed.
SPEAKER_R: Right, Right, right. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Um, so I think they try to make the questions as un controversial as possible unless there's some fancy experiment to play.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Okay. Do you have to go walk your dog?
SPEAKER_L: I do have to walk my dog. She's very stiff, she's 15 and we got to keep going to keep her limber. But yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: It was nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, if if you have additional questions about polling, I can give you my email address. I don't know if that's like forbidden through this medium or not. And
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you're not
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: interested,
SPEAKER_R: either.
SPEAKER_L: you can just say no. But I'd
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: be happy
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: a way to message me on the platform? Let's look
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so because I think that would be open for. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I can't tell you my like prolific ID number or something because I feel
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: like it's gonna screw up I'm comfortable with it. But I think it might screw up their survey data because then they know who then they can identify you as a real person. Right?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: that be the issue?
SPEAKER_L: um They have our unique identifying numbers anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I know I'm saying, but if you give your email now they have like your name probably or something.
SPEAKER_L: I have an email that does not have my name.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, then let's just do it because I'm going to email you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's very I love talking about polls and I most like one of the categories of jobs and looking at his data analyst so I can go where I really don't want to work for Starbucks. But I'm so tired of being unemployed that I'll help Starbucks maximize their profit earnings ratio for a little bit. It's uh it's hungry hungry scholar. This was a pedantic name and made a long time ago. Please don't judge me. H. U. N. G. R. Y. Scholar. Yeah. At gmail. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Cool. I'll email you.
SPEAKER_L: And um
SPEAKER_R: It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The same. I hope everyone is as interesting moving forward. If they continue to offer appointments
SPEAKER_R: I only have one left, so it's really going to be a craft.
SPEAKER_L: you have a maximum that you can do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's a 77 conversation maximum. Your number six. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: right. Well I hope the last one is a doozy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, We'll see.
SPEAKER_L: It's one of
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: was nice weight. And you said Garrett. Right, Okay. G A R R E
SPEAKER_L: E.
SPEAKER_R: T
SPEAKER_L: T.
SPEAKER_R: T. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a great rest
SPEAKER_R: I'll email you.
SPEAKER_L: of your cold
SPEAKER_R: Have a good
SPEAKER_L: horrible
SPEAKER_R: walk.
SPEAKER_L: Wisconsin day.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Take care.