Okay. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah, sure. Yeah. Mhm. Hey? Yeah, yeah. Mhm compliance. Mm. Business. Mhm.
I can you hear me? Mhm,
are you? How are you today? Mhm.
Garrett?
Well, I don't think anyone's grading you on garishness for a prolific,
this
should be
fine. Mhm.
Good.
Gary. Yeah. To
our Tts and you
just so very nice to meet you. Uh, is this your first time doing this study through? I forget what the name of the firm is, what whoever
they
are.
Okay.
yeah, I'm glad to have more money in my Paypal account, but I kind of feel like they're thirsty for respondents because they just keep scheduling day after day after day. Like you want a larger sample size or anything? No. Okay. All
I would
mostly
agree, but I grew up in this sort of Wild West phase of the internet where there was a lot of weird and not the internet isn't weird, but I'm also an older brother, so I'm very defensive about like how people access the internet and talking to strangers over cameras. Definitely one of those red flag um have a news of communication. It's got a bad reputation, obviously this is different, but so that leads me to a question that I like to ask people, what do you think they're trying to do in this study? Because I was very confused the first time it took, I was like, is there a prompt? Is there a suggestion, a topic like, nope, you just talk?
Yeah.
Yeah.
you.
That's interesting. I've mostly spoken to people in their early 20s in college students which I used to teach at a university. So I have experienced talking to them about topics like this, but they were really hesitant to talk about anything political. They talked almost like it was a bad word. They're like, well, you know because of recent events and like do you mean the pandemic like no recent electoral events? I was like, Oh I mean you're, you're referring to the 2020 presidential election elect. It's like oh I see, I understand. So tell me more about
your husband's farm or something like that.
They
had
cardboard cut out
of like trump in the background and like trump flag waving
in
the breeze.
When it comes to conversations like that, I always wonder what the very early Jesuit missionaries used to do because they were sent to these far flung places where there was no concept of and I'm not a practicing christian, there's no concept of Christianity or monotheism or anything. You have these dudes in burlap robes kind of thrown up on the beach, coughing seawater out and it's like, okay, go and establish an institution. It's like, how did you do that?
well,
so
my specialization is I, I do, I have a PhD, I did japanese politics. I've learned a little bit about the Jesuits in japan. They were inflicted with violence. I mean, they definitely used a lot of coercive bargaining tactics, but they weren't
paddling
anybody. That was the other way around the japanese were paddling them. Uh, for sure, once things got rolling, there was a lot more violence and gun powder and disease. But early,
early, early on, I mean, and they didn't even speak the language and that's kind of how I felt when I was in Southern California is, I don't know if you live in California, if you're familiar with California.
so coastal California, beautiful hyper progressive, great all that sort of stuff. You go about 50 miles east and it is a like mad max wasteland of people overcompensating uh you know with their symbols of trumpism and all that sort of stuff, I always found that very weird and somewhere in the middle there's like good music venues and good bars and good craft breweries and like you start to see a mix of people and it's like you got the sort of hipster with the trilby hat and like you know the felt cut flannel shirt, trying to talk to a guy who came in on a Harley? And again, I don't want to assume the guy coming on, the Harley is one way or another, but then he's got the trump t shirt and the trump leather patch, It's like uh I was just going to go, it's gonna be interesting
literally.
All
Right. They have a they have a sextant so I guess we should just follow the religion as well because
they're really good at tracking the star so they must have everything else in order. Um I'm not I'm not a history of of missionary stuff per se, it's just sort of tangential to what I do for my political science degree. So I'm sure that's true in some cases in the japanese case they're like these guys are they're dirty. Uh They speak a really stupid language, they had a word for them for the early Europeans because the japanese didn't have much dairy in their diet, but the Europeans did. So they called them to see which means reeking of butter, that sort of rancid butter smell. So they weren't particularly impressed with the european missionaries until some of them brought guns over. And then the local feudal lords are like, wow, these are really useful for beating up on my cousin on the other side of the hill. If I convert to your religion, can I have like a couple of boxes of those? So that's kind of how, when it was a little bit more transactional. And then
once the Lord was christian, he's like, now everybody in my domain has to be christian peasants, merchants, like, y'all gotta get with the program. So it's very transactional and very factional. But I'm sure it was a totally different experience in china or peru or you know, depending on the time period In which missionaries were coming through, the Catholics did very things very differently from those like 19th century evangelicals were like we're going to save Chinese souls at any cost. And you know, they crack their knuckles when they say at any cost, you're like, Oh boy, that's that doesn't sound good. That sounds very ominous.
if
you
want
those,
can you
can have the retroviral uh capsules as long as you've passed the quiz on your genesis readings this week. All
You
weren't able to to describe the pact with noah. So I guess you don't get clean
water on the day. Mhm
year.
sure. But there's got to be a limit their right like for example, I can talk to my girlfriend's parents and what I can say. Well you and I both agree they're they're christian and I can I can talk to and say you and I both agree that trump is probably not a model christian right? Like well I don't know about that, I'm like well you know he was cheating on his wife and raw dogging a porn star, like that's probably not very christian behavior. Can you agree on that? They said oh well of course we can agree on that. So it's not a good christian. Oh okay I suppose we can agree on that but we like that he is anti abortion and is appointing and and that's a break right? Like they will never break from that position. There's no way for me to persuade them to not support that position and vice versa. At which point we can't like form a coalition or a partnership on this common cause about you know what abortion policy should be or not. Um You know and you can't push too hard on than either. So as a C. P. A. And that's an extreme example of a personal example. But in your position, working with Ngos um if somebody just can't be persuaded to come to your side at least, do they make it clear why like there's there's some fundamental policy position right there? Well we just don't we don't believe in the distribution of funds in this way or we don't believe that charity distributed in this fashion is particularly effective and that's our core mission statement that's on our website. So our people or groups transparent at least when they can't can't be persuaded or can't sort of come into coalition.
Killer.
Mhm.
Yeah. I don't know that I had a goal, like I wasn't trying to get them to admit that we should have like candy bowls of plan B in every high school classroom. Um but but there's sort of like this constellation of social issues that I think if you aren't thinking about politics every day and I honestly don't believe people should, I mean I'm a political scientist, I read about this stuff all day, I'm job right. Like I feel politically informed and I wish other people would do so as well, but other people have
like jobs and so the cancer, tannery peer reviewed papers or even the newspaper every day. So they just kind of this, this constellation of this gestalt of like christian political identity, that's this big meatball of like what's good and what's bad and sort of trump is in the middle of it and what I wanted to do was like, let's identify the core of this meatball, like you have all these really good christian values and I admire you for this and all that, but like I need to I need to understand why this particular orange crusty thing in the middle is being surrounded by this sort of christian sanctity that you're putting up and so you have to sort of hide away at that, it's like, well do you think he's christian because of this? Well no, do you think he's christian because of that? No, it's like, okay, so why did you put him in the middle of the christian meatball to torture an analogy and it comes down to a policy like abortion at which point like, okay, so that explains that that's sort of where I stop, right? I don't, the abortion conversation is a whole different thing that's been around for much longer. But that's
what I was trying to like, like why are you planting him in with all this other imagery? Let's try to extract that and understand a little bit better. And and it was it was respectful and you know it was lubricated with beer for sure. But um you
know, it was, it was
a good conversation. Yeah.
2 2 servings is good.
Sassy, sassy is the word up.
Yeah.
since
You know,
I suppose it sounds like an edgy undergraduate political scientists take like I would get this
from like fresh. Yeah, like the freshman sophomore like did you know America is technically a Republican, not a democracy and like oh I see you read the Wikipedia entry for republican is very good, very drill. Um He's got a point like I don't, I don't study american politics, I studied japanese politics and they have a parliamentary system so it's a lot easier to get stuff done. And to his point, I mean could you imagine if the GOP had the Senate for the last four years or the House, excuse me as well? Right. Obviously a lot more would have gotten done and it would have been more for people like you and I damaging or deleterious. Um but in Japan they have like six different political parties so it's not like just one appears and does anything they want, they have to like collaborate and so it slows things down even as it's easier to pass legislation by the rules. You still have to go to the Green Party and you still have to go to like there's a party that's like japanese mormons and you have to go talk to them about their concerns and all
that sort of stuff. And so the legislation is very watered down. Yeah. If you wanna, if you wanna look at, it was called Soka Gakkai um uh the
roman
ization is,
Oh, I've been studying that stupid language for like 12 years.
It is so hard. It
is, if I had been doing French, I could be like, you know, speaking, you know, executive,
you know, high
oh, beautiful stuff and now I can, I
can barely
see,
oh, I mean they're half crazy for a reason. Uh huh
Focus,
it's
called Soka Gakkai s Okay. Space G A K K I. So they came out of a very traditional form of buddhism called niche potential shoe and then it kind of developed around a modern personality like this guy born in the 20th century and I wouldn't call it a cult, it's not culti it's just very centralist kind of like mormonism is and has tenants that are distinct from the parent religion that it came out of and they have a very very very coherent political arm as well which is imagine if like mitt Romney was the head of like the L. D. S. Party or something and the republicans constantly had to go to the LDS party and say you know, does this bill look okay, does this resolution look okay? Very very interesting Germany
has this too that like they have the christian social union or something like that And so they're like just part of politics and you got to go talk to them like you
is this?
so
it's
probably
it's let's say the Bundestag and the buddhist rob is the upper house and they're just beautiful words to say
well thank you.
Well stop me if I'm mansplaining as well, I try to be sensitive to that but I only want a man's plan on what I think. I know Japanese
politics.
Wait,
was this
early
in the relationship or later in the
I see.
Well
that's unfortunate, I'm sorry. But
sometimes
these these this batshit insanity comes out of left field so far that you're not even prepared for it right? Like mild misogyny, plenty of practice and that I can handle it. Uh criticisms that I hear often but bad women's anatomy is like I had no idea that that was coming. I wasn't trained for this. I
don't even
know.
Well of
course.
When
we need to form a committee or something to prove you wrong apparently. Yes.
Well yeah
that's but I'm glad he's next. I have a lot of friends who are in um there in relationships that are good enough. They're not abusive then certainly not abusive. Maybe mildly emotionally abusive, but there's some good parts too. And so they're kind of, there's this carnival game always think of where you have to push a bowling ball and it has to go up one hill but not go up the second. So it has to kind of fall into this this equilibrium. And a lot of them are in equilibrium, especially during lockdown because they're terrified of being single Uh during the 3rd spike.
It's just
very
clinical.
Yeah. Well, this is what we get from being in the continental United States. I have a friend who's in Melbourne Australia and they just came out of their third lockdown. They haven't had a case for 12 days and apparently everybody is very thirsty. Uh
there
very
riled
up
in the team.
Yeah. Yeah. There's Australians were already aggressive I guess culturally, but especially
now. So um so
Thank
you.
And that's that's you have the luxury apparently having this in person. Uh this front
is
like,
okay, she's getting messages on. There's some new dating app that and they're like, you know, I want to have a baby with you. It's
like we haven't haven't met yet, right? It's like you
well, he did. He came out of the gate with really aggressive sort of sexually. Anyway. And then and so he moved past the aggressive, anonymous sexting to let's just copulate and she's like there was a lot of red
flags in front, but this is this
is really terrible.
And
yeah. The more scientific you make this process, the more repulsive it is. But again, they hadn't even met at that point. So she was she was repulsed on lots of different dimensions.
So so I was like alright, let people sort of calm down a little bit, let a week go by, you know and try it again and see if people normalize a bit. So I I
saw
him.
Well,
sounds like us.
but
the Australians
are aggressive
not
the same
or europe or they're not aggressive. They're just very relaxed about it right there. Like well that was a very nice day which you want to come over to my place like oh that quickly. Like I'm sorry, did I offend you? It's like, no, it's just it's very different from american moray is like, I mean you take it or leave it. I don't know. Look.
well
that
kind of violates the
dance analogy.
That's a
lot.
For
Well it sounds like you had a much richer portfolio experiences before the lockdown. Imagine sort of Like, you know, deliberately single working on yourself around February 2020 or like I'm ready, I'm ready to hit the dating market and just everything collapses and falls apart.
Like good God, no, finally
ready to finally ready to blossom. But now it's winter across the world.
That's right.
Well there's there's
there's there's hope in the spring, right? Why widespread distribution of vaccines and such in april uh you know, we're not too far away so everybody should get their crunches
in.
Thousands.
You were luxuriating in these mediterranean warmth and being introduced to families and padilla. Now you're back in the line of uh
and the hardest part is you're like, I need to stay healthy somehow. Let's go to the grocery
store and midwestern cuisine or like what people do in late spring and winter is just like eat meat and sit like all my friends who went to school in Chicago, I mean they gained like £40 every year and it
worked really hard to live because
what
are they going to do that? Like going outside is punishing like even going to get the mail. Makes me sad. Right?
In
san Diego where I got my PhD like the winner is 65 degrees. So people are still running and
looking
into the beach. It
is,
it's just,
it's so, it's just so expensive. So like unaffordable, expensive, unfortunate
and uh
mhm
So here's the key question. Why would you leave paradise for purgatory?
I see. All right
come
on
that's horrible.
That's so terrible
of all
the places in America to be trapped too. Just like the coldest remotest. Yeah.
Are you sure that's not just Stockholm syndrome where the hostage takers universe?
fair enough
fair enough. Yeah.
I'm not
going
to pop
anybody's bubbles until
spring
and summer. No it's true. I um I was a post doc at Yale and they took the second year of funding away because it's external. So I'm living and it's a very nicely appointed basement. But I am in my parents basement and I have a very good working relationship with my family and their geriatric dogs which I do need to walk one of them shortly but I'm also 36 I'm not the kind of person who wants to go home and live in their parents basement. This is a financial
necessity. So I am. I actually sent out my 400 application on Wednesday. Yeah.
the academic job market is a dumpster fire. So I've been looking at tech jobs in government jobs in particular and it's a great time to move into government service. But those take
very
long.
Well the CPA you're much more qualified for for some of those jobs like budget and there are so
many openings for budget analysts and such and I'm afraid I don't know too much about what a C. P. A. Does certified public accountant. That's kind of work. I assume spreadsheets are involved. Um But but the government, I mean if you know V. B. A. The government will be very excited. Um But yeah there's a ton of financial analyst, budget analyst positions and you know they need you. Mhm.
Yeah.
I both agree and disagree and I say that because I use survey analysis on my dissertation. My my department was very quiet heavy. There's some political science departments where they do the old fashioned like I went to Zimbabwe and was hung out with for six months and wrote a book about it. Ours was very much like you're going to learn are an SPS test and regression analysis and
for six months or die. Um And we're like oh my God is that political science like it is now. Um
And the research scientists are very good at the mathematical aspects but they're very bad contextualizing that in the political atmosphere it's like one of the big problems was nobody pulled latin X voters or Latina voters I've heard is that you put e instead of an X at the end, right? Like most of these polls and they failed to wait it properly, are the right the post stratification weights, people are like half these guys were like, what's that? Right? Outside of like Nate silver, Nate Cohn and G Elliott Morris at fivethirtyeight new york times and economy. It's like nobody was doing any of this stuff and they had, like you said, they have smart data scientists who go in there and like, you know, here's what the confidence intervals are going to look like and here's what air is going to look like. It's like, but are there is correlated to anything that we might be forgetting? Right? Like, well, I don't know. It's like, well, of course you don't know.
The
the name for this that you want to punch in google scholar is the Bradley effect or the it's sometimes called the wilder effect. They're slightly different. Kind of mean the same thing that there's a discrepancy between how people express themselves on surveys and then how they act. Um most salient lee this is with racism because you can't ask somebody like, you know, do you hate black people? No one,
no one will
say they will.
But people will try to like the classic way pollsters will try to prime people on a racist answer is do you think african americans should work harder for what they deserve, right? These sort of questions that kind of get around these concepts that are tied to racism with without saying racism. Um or you can do things like um everywhere there called it like they're called shaking test or melon and test or something like that. But you take a photograph of somebody who's one race or another and you adjust the color and see if that changes people's perceptions of the candidate. All these sort of like tricks to to kind of get around it but that you're right that that is a fundamental problem. And I'm guessing you actually have seen a lot of these questions what they're asking service because prolific has a ton of these political science oriented surveys. Um
So the poll data,
your
problem
these are but the questions are often shared. So big firms like Pr I or quinnipiac. You can see the kinds of questions that used by looking at the it's called the A. And E. S. The american national Electoral survey. It's run kind of by academics and post polling firms as well. It's really really big its longitudinal so it's got many many cohorts.
Sure its american
I think it's the american national electoral or election. Something like that survey A. And E. S. Everyone always calls it aims and they try to find like the most benign, simple, parsimonious, un controversial way to ask a question so that you don't get this discussion like um and it's contextualized for like american audience as well. So it's like uh instead of asking do you like or dislike a candidate? They'll use something called A Feeling Thermometer, right? And this is a nice approachable measure for people like zero degrees is chilly and cold on the candidate and 100 degrees means you're hot hot hot. It's like okay that is a pretty approachable measure that people can kind of kind of get behind. Um And so you can see what these really banal forms of these questions look like. And that's usually what these big polling firms are asking, right? They're not unless you're actually, Fox News has a reputation for having good independent polling. But if you take something like, Oh yeah, they're gonna be like, you know, who's the best candidate for president this year? The great american donald trump or sleepy joe. Obviously that's a loaded question. That's a poorly designed.
Um, so I think they try to make the questions as un controversial as possible unless there's some fancy experiment to play.
I do have to walk my dog. She's very stiff, she's 15 and we got to keep going to keep her limber. But yeah. Um
yeah, if if you have additional questions about polling, I can give you my email address. I don't know if that's like forbidden through this medium or not. And
if
you're not
interested,
you can just say no. But I'd
be happy
to.
I don't think so because I think that would be open for. Yeah. Yeah.
As
I
could
um They have our unique identifying numbers anyway.
I have an email that does not have my name.
Yeah. It's very I love talking about polls and I most like one of the categories of jobs and looking at his data analyst so I can go where I really don't want to work for Starbucks. But I'm so tired of being unemployed that I'll help Starbucks maximize their profit earnings ratio for a little bit. It's uh it's hungry hungry scholar. This was a pedantic name and made a long time ago. Please don't judge me. H. U. N. G. R. Y. Scholar. Yeah. At gmail. Mhm.
And um
Yeah. Yeah. The same. I hope everyone is as interesting moving forward. If they continue to offer appointments
you have a maximum that you can do.
right. Well I hope the last one is a doozy.
It's one of
you.
E.
T.
All right. Have a great rest
of your cold
horrible
Wisconsin day.