No, I can remove
so yeah,
I'm good. How are you? What's your name?
Okay. Sorry if my, maybe the light seems a little Harris.
Maybe
that's
what
Hi, how's it going? You said
Garrett with
Okay.
nice to meet you. I'm Jessica
better
up
labs or whatever. Yeah. Um No,
this is going to be my sixth one, I think my sixth successful one and then like to know show ones.
I don't know. I think though a lot of people have like, you know, are like home more on their computers, more board. Like honestly, I'm just like I miss the random discussions you have with strangers that you come across. Like I miss like weird stuff like that, you know? And so this is kind of the equivalent of like when you sit at a bar and you just talk to whoever's around you only
for
covid.
Um I think, but I don't know necessarily. I guess I have thought more about what would be interesting to me versus like what they're trying to accomplish, but I think it would be an interesting uh huh conceptualization of like self awareness based on the questions afterward of like how, how we were reading ourselves in terms of like how much we what percentage of the conversation we were talking were dominating, how good of a listener we are and then how other people actually perceive us. And so to me that parts of the interesting part. Um but I don't know if that's what I would assume that is at least like a sub
topic of the study, but um because
it seems like so obviously laid out for that type of analysis, but I think it could also just be, there could be something interesting to about like the topics that we choose and then how it relates to um whether it energizes us or not versus you know, we might
we might like the person like the one I had yesterday, the guy and I, We actually like had like a ton of stuff and really random things in common to like I volunteered as a poll worker this year. He had been a poll observer in 18, uh he's from Trinidad and I spent like two weeks there a couple, like just like a year ago, you know, like stuff that was like very like all over the place where both big theater nerds and he's a writer and I do some writing and so um lots of stuff like that. And but the whole first half of our conversation was all like election drama and stuff. And so like, it wasn't until then we started switching into like the arts and these other interests that we have that I felt like all of a sudden then our conversation got really energized and Like we ended we ended up going to like 45 minutes because then we were talking about cool stuff that we were both enjoying and so kept going. But but the whole first half of the conversation is like depressing because of the world we live in. So yeah, I don't know. Maybe there's something there too.
interesting.
That's funny. So for every single I don't it must be there must be some kind of um, sure like maybe people more inclined to, you know, like I feel like this the group is like we're self selecting by opting in were like pretty open people. There's got to be some of that. But so far every single person, you're number six, why? I don't, I'm not asking you who you voted for, but so far everybody has been very like progressive oriented and uh not, you know, not for fascism. So, so it's been like very uh I don't I don't feel like it's been like a hot button topic. I felt like everybody's been pretty much on the same page and like different ages. I've had a pretty reasonable mix of like ages. Uh you know, genders and race demographics have been pretty like wide ranging. So yeah, it hasn't been uh yeah, it would have been hard for me to talk for 25 minutes to somebody if it
was
going to go the other direction,
it
would
be
rough. I mean in my normal life, I'm fond of saying like I can be friends with anyone, you know, Whether it's for five minutes or 50 years, that's the question. You know? But like if I if I need to talk to somebody really has some scary beliefs, I would try to at least like fine. Mhm. You can't you can't you can't make any movement uh in those beliefs if you don't find some common ground first, you know? So I try to approach these
violence, didn't they use violence a lot
to do
it.
go
grab.
Marama.
I'm pretty strongly familiar with it but I have never lived there but Spent like I've been there at least 50 times maybe more.
You wore your opinions on your sleep so
uh huh. So didn't they also did these missionaries also benefit though? Just from the sheer fact that like nobody had ever seen someone that looked like them and they had more like modern modern tools or whatever with them and so there was kind of this like shock and awe sort of factor where like maybe they came from heaven above, you know like sort of I feel like at least in some places um I
feel like I've heard this about peru like and you know in peru that was like some of the response was just like oh these guys must be like you know, they're they're like magical somehow, so
totally.
bargaining.
I think there was also, I mean this is still a tool used now uh if you go to people who are starving and you trade food for uh you know agreement conversion, whatever, like it doesn't seem that I'm not that impressed with your tactics but it's effective. You know like I
guess
you
technically
have the numbers but I don't know
that.
thank you so much I guess I'll do
that.
What
what a mess. Yeah I feel like I feel like yes I agree with you. There is definitely something interesting there too. Study like uh but I'm I'm interested in general about consensus building and like even just like from a leadership standpoint, you know I work with a lot of non profits and stuff and I. M. A. C. P. A. And I do a lot of board service work and so to me um it's never made sense when people think that leadership is about like ruling over others. Like it should be about getting people on the same page and if you can't persuade people to your position maybe
there really solid reasons why your position is not great you know and we should be able to examine that and and change it and adapt it so that we cannot get at least reasonably close you know?
debt. I have two things I want to respond to that you said. Um so one I think that it obviously depends on the
person and going back to this being a study of self awareness. Uh There are a lot of people out there that are not in touch with their feelings, they just feel things but then they're like uncomfortable about it, they don't know how to articulate what they're feeling. Um It's just very reactionary behavior in general. And so I would say the more in that space someone is, the more difficult it is or the less forthcoming they are about being able to explain the why for them, you know? Um But so mm my response is always like kind of what you do right away, get people saying yes as quickly as possible. So let's get to some base earlier level where we can like both say yes, we agree, we both agree on this. Um and then often times also doing what you do, asking questions leading questions but trying to be kind of slick about it at the risk of sounding manipulative. Like it's just extremely effective too. Um
I mean I do this in my like business coaching too. You know, like people are always going to respond better when they think they came to the idea of themselves and so like trying to ask questions that will guide them to the same realization that we're already at. Um I've found to be very effective. But then as far as like a topic like abortion, I see zero reason to get into a moral argument with anyone about abortion or a similar topic. I see it as let's talk policy. So what's your goal is your goal to have as like let's start trending down, let's have fewer and fewer abortions happening every single year until we can get to zero. So the way to do that, here's what's going to be effective, boom boom boom boom boom. And let's start creating these policies, implementing these policies and we will see the results that you want and like try to get on the page. Like I don't, in a way, I think that they have a reasonable argument that like it's a life and we should protect life if that's just their argument, I can't really argue against that. So like so why would I play the game to do So, you know? And so but my argument is like if I had a tapeworm I would get rid of it. So why why would I, why would I not get rid of this other thing that's like feeding off of my substance, you know for us? Like so it's just uh but I'm not ever gonna have that argument with somebody, even though that's how I feel, I'm just going to come in policy was
from
share
Yeah,
important
always important to a point that it it just degenerates the conversation quickly. Like
hopefully I, you know, hopefully in general I'm very uh fair and reasonable, but I'm not going to pretend that if I haven't had a few glasses of wine, I'm not going to get you know,
sassy fast for sure.
Yeah, yeah, so, and I had a political science professor in university who basically said he felt like it was great that we had so much gridlock in government and in congress because like
generally they make terrible decisions so the less that they can accomplish the better for all of us, that was his opinion
and that I always like will remember that. I thought it was so funny.
he
intriguing.
Acid
you also
extend to these or do you just know soapy? It's crazy
happy.
It's hard.
translating
poetry,
I
always
think that's the hardest job in the world to be a poetry translator specifically like
can you say it again? There are
spell it
for me,
interesting.
we studied
Germany and my my one political science class that I took to university and
I thought their system was fascinating. But this is years ago so I don't know if I'd be able to
spout
off.
I like it mm. Very good. So you're definitely the most unique person. I've had a conversation with them here,
the first person who's taught me something that's pretty exciting.
I mean
yeah, if you're an expert on something Man Splain away. But I had a X obviously an ex who literally tried to mansplaining about women's anatomy and I really should have seen that red flag more
clearly
more
quickly.
like within like a month.
But yeah, yeah,
it was
really outrageous. I mean I always have I stand up for myself, I have no issues doing that. But it was um in other ways I was too mesmerized. And I stuck
with him anyways.
And he was
wrong
And I pulled
up
like that. Of course he was wrong. Yeah. And I was just but he was like so adamant, so convinced that he was telling me. And I was just like, you've got to be kidding. This is
outrageous.
So ridiculous
I guess.
Dating during Covid is definitely nearly impossible and weird. Um But that you like, I don't know. I think it's really hard to maintain interest when you don't get to like hang out. There's
only
like,
so there's only so much, yeah. It feels very business. Like, like I'm already on zoom all day for business. The last thing I want to do is like have like a zoom date at night. You know? It's like really gets, there's zoom fatigue for sure.
Yeah. I'm sure I'm sure
I was
living
in
Melbourne
not long ago.
they are.
And very blunt. Like so many guys were just like propositioning me like within like
that
two hours of knowing them or something, you know?
was
there
in december january.
Just
come out of the gate swimming.
Gross,
gross.
If
you use that word them out immediately to.
Every every level. Hopefully.
I
cannot
imagine being there right now because I was just like meeting my like I was there staying with a friend, a guy friend, um just a friend. And so then every single one of his guy friends that I met the whole time I was I was just like all up in my D. M. S. Like the second like we left the party, your bar whatever you know? And I was just like your friends are really forward and really aggressive and he was just like
she was normal. Uh
It sounds like every single other day in here. I
was like okay but
I was living
in Thailand before that and it was not the same
at
all.
I don't know. I dated someone in Spain when I was uh I was like volunteering in Spain and I met this guy through the volunteering. And so then we started but I was like it seems like he likes me but he was being it was so confusing and so I was like talking to my spanish female friends there and they said she's like one of them said there's a saying it would roughly translate as the spanish man will take the step but only if he knows he can take the step, something like that. And I was like okay and
so so I was like so I have to like make make this like super obvious or something I get. So we went on a date but he like brought his cousin with him and stuff and then I was just like
what
what
is going on? I was so upset and then my friend was like no it's great, it's great. He's like wanting you to feel comfortable and like also like introducing you to his family, it was just a very different situation and I like met his, he had me like meet his kids within like I think like on our second date or whatever, I met his son already you know
like
and then yeah it was like a but but like really yeah the data in such a it's fun to like date around the world and then see all these like differences,
feel like you learn a lot more about the culture that way.
No
so
yeah now I gave up, you missed the window like
it was I had this really sweet seven month window where I was like all all like that my best self or whatever and now now I'm back to eating cake at that or
whatever.
We'll
see, we'll see. I know I need to get back to doing yoga every day, we'll see how that goes. I joined the gym, I'm worried about I'm here in Wisconsin. I don't know where you are. But Uh this isn't I haven't lived here, I'm from here but I haven't lived here in 15 years. And so being locked down here has been uh the first three months were really rough. I will say for sure I was, It felt like I was back in high school, you know like having no choice in the matter of being stuck in Wisconsin. And so so here I am and I I was doing fine and I haven't had any like covid waking or anything like that. But now that it's gotten cold, I'm like this is like a nightmare. I can't I haven't survived a Wisconsin winter in 15 years. Like I don't have my midwestern hardiness is like gone. You know like I'm
like a baby about it now and I'm like freaked out. Like I can't go up.
Living in Bangkok for six months. Like I cannot deal with this cold weather. This is horrifying.
I'm.
Yikes.
Except
intense.
It's horrifying. It is. I
agree.
I know
it's the best
my
aunt
and uncle lived there.
I agree.
Yeah
so I agree with you about the food and how shockingly gross the grocery stores are here. Like I lived in Portland before this too, so I was like like I was so uh spoiled with bounty incredible bouncy all year round, beautiful growing season and just like the best of the best food and beverage to offer I think especially when you consider like dollar values in the whole U. S. I think that and now I'm like I'm a luckily I was a good cook and I love to cook before this but now I'm like yo my cooking flick Primo now it's really it's really leveled up for sure. But I have to get I have to like order all these specialty ingredients because I'm like cooking around the world you know? And so I'm like mail ordering like spices and stuff because there's nowhere around here that's like reasonable to get the things that
I was, I got trapped here. It's not my fault, it wasn't the choice. I
was
coming
back by chance. I was coming back at the end of february and I was just supposed to be in the U. S. For like five or six weeks. I was going to celebrate my birthday at the end of february friends. I was, as I celebrated my birthday and death for Alex, I thought that would be the funniest and so went there. Then I came back here and I was supposed to house sit for my dad for a month while uh like for this like interim period. And then one of my best friends was supposed to get married in savannah, mid april. And then right after that I was supposed to move to Georgia the country and, and or like go back and forth from there to Bulgaria. And so that was supposed to be the rest of my year. And then now I've been trapped here since february.
It is horrifying.
I agree. It is
100%.
it's the worst. But I find ways to extract value from anything. So that's what I'm working now that I've, you know, I think it's a for better or worse humans are incredibly adaptable. Like we even adapt to terrible situations and uh toxic relationships. We do have to all of it. And so I, you know, I had that rough like three first months where I was like really depressed about it. But now I'm like, no, I've got my, I've got a covid rhythm and I'm like building some new habits that I really nice for me.
maybe. But whatever. Let me live in my delusion for a minute.
I
don't have any other choice. I might as well figure
out
how
to
it makes the best of this bad
situation.
I'm sure.
Are you looking for teaching positions or what are you looking for?
That's
so
funny. I've been thinking about doing the same.
Thanks.
Uh Actually,
I don't know how much. Maybe. Well you you have a pretty like specific, like all phds, it's pretty niche what you study, but um but I have been mostly I love data. So I came from I worked at Deloitte and I have like an audit background, so usually when people think of cps, they think taxes, but there's like actually more of us that don't do taxes. Um And really what we are is risk management professionals. So I I'm trained to assess risk and either create mitigating controls against that risk or evaluate controls that are already implemented. Look for inefficiencies. Um like sometimes you have controls that like are accomplishing the same thing and you really they're redundant. You don't really need one. You can, every time you implement a control it adds costs and time to the process. So I'm very like process improvement oriented and a data nerd. And so watching how the polls have like been uh ill informed and have come to most of them have come to flawed conclusions. Has made me really interested in like maybe going back to school and getting my masters of data science and I think I could, I think I could improve what they're doing. I feel like a lot of, I know a lot of data science scientists, they are not in touch with middle America and so I don't think like they know how to design the research like accordingly and channel it.
Good.
I think it's important. Yeah.
Yeah. But I also think we could, I want to see the question, I want to see maybe this is published. I haven't looked it up. I need to look this up and see, I want to know exactly what questions they're asking people because I think you could ask, I think you need to ask different questions to really get to the truth. Like some people are embarrassed about their choice and aren't going to tell you like and uh and aren't obvious about it like so I volunteered as a poll worker on Election Day and they like there were no incidents. Everybody was peaceful and polite as could be. It was like Calm, almost like a positive atmosphere. We served 775 people and There was like one person wearing a Trump mask and even mass in general 98, of everyone wearing a mask and no issues, no arguments, nothing. one guy was like a obvious trump supporter. Everybody else totally chill. And Then I count I was like going through ballots at the end of the night overwhelmingly voted for Trump like 2-1, you know, as as it was for election day voters all over the us. And so so it was like dramatic how these people I think are like hiding in plain sight kind of thing and they're not, it's the noisy ones that attend the rallies that get all the attention. But there's a lot of educated, regular folks who are your neighbors and your coworkers are also building, you know, and
I don't think it's a
All
No
one will answer that yet.
And so the polls that were those the surveys were answering there are directly tying into like the poll data.
I
assumed
these were more academic in nature and not.
Can you, I'm sorry. Can you say it again? American?
What was it?
Right, Right, right. Yeah. Yeah,
interesting. Okay. Do you have to go walk your dog?
It was nice chatting with you.
I
don't
know
either.
Is
there
a way to message me on the platform? Let's look
I can't tell you my like prolific ID number or something because I feel
like it's gonna screw up I'm comfortable with it. But I think it might screw up their survey data because then they know who then they can identify you as a real person. Right?
Wouldn't
that be the issue?
Right. I know I'm saying, but if you give your email now they have like your name probably or something.
Okay, then let's just do it because I'm going to email you.
Okay. Cool. I'll email you.
It was nice talking to you.
I only have one left, so it's really going to be a craft.
Yeah, there's a 77 conversation maximum. Your number six. Mm.
Yeah, We'll see.
It
was nice weight. And you said Garrett. Right, Okay. G A R R E
T
T. Okay.
I'll email you.
Have a good
walk.
Thank you. Take care.