SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Cool mm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Um mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yes yeah
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: yeah and I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: okay? Good afternoon,
SPEAKER_L: Good afternoon, how are you today?
SPEAKER_R: good, how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: You're good, my name is Kevin and yourself
SPEAKER_R: My name is bob. I'm located in florida. Where you located
SPEAKER_L: located in new york so I'm in Queens and we are you know we're going for the lockdown right now but it's easy an awful little bit so I know exactly what you're going for down in florida.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: We're easing off to a point, I wouldn't say that we're you know going all over the place right now but we certainly I can feel your pain down in florida right now.
SPEAKER_R: you've been there done that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was quite a it certainly was quite a lockdown up here. Remember going over to the grocery store and he was late february and then looking at my phone and hearing that I don't know if it was new york city at the time but it was another city fairly close by stating that they were shutting everything down. So I ended up going back into that supermarket which wasn't terribly crowded um to get rice and beans and all the other fun stuff that we don't know if we're going to be able to get. So I spent $100 on other starchy things. That to be honest you're still sitting in the basement right now and uh collecting.
SPEAKER_R: eventually. You might use it then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. How are I mean are people seemingly staying home down in florida or are they
SPEAKER_R: No that's the problem is they're not staying home. They're just about doing whatever they want.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. That's uh I mean I so when I had to pick up one of my buddies who lived in the city and we drove in and I want to say that was in april but didn't actually take the subway or get out and go into the city. I just picked him up and brought him back over to queens. Um It was really, really quiet in the city but we also got hit with a double whammy. Two of not only were people not able to go out, but people weren't able to go to work either. So we certainly really quieted things down up here. And even now it's still, the city's pretty quiet. Queens is back to where it was minus the subways. Subways are still pretty quiet for sure. I haven't
SPEAKER_R: Think
SPEAKER_L: been.
SPEAKER_R: fun. The subways are still quiet then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, all the trains. In fact, my mother lives up in Connecticut and I was going to take the train up there and I said I'll just drive. So I drove and I passed by one of the train stations and normally the cars are filled to the brim over at the train station. In fact, there's a seven year wait to get on some of these train train parking lot past lists and went up, There was like a random monday or Tuesday, I took the time. It took some time off and holy moly just Dead. No, No one There whatsoever. So disappointed. But hopefully we'll be able to get past. In fact, my friend just texted me about Australia and I heard those lockdowns are pretty, pretty stringent over there.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty strict. And they had an outbreak there didn't they?
SPEAKER_L: I did. Although I honestly don't remember if they had gotten hit hard the first time. Do you remember?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Not that hard but they were pretty good about lockdowns and stuff. A lot better than I think we were every night. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well even like India, I think it's still fairly locked down to be honest. I really haven't followed it all that much. I mean, I don't know about you, but there's only so much I could watch this up until like, okay, I get it. We got the virus. We're going to stay home for a while. Just let me know what I can come out.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I mean I just keep up with you know how many cases are going on and where it's exploding etcetera. Um But more locally you know in my state and you know through the other states. But like you got had enough
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, for sure. We're in florida. Are you?
SPEAKER_R: contract contract. We will
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: jack
SPEAKER_L: is it?
SPEAKER_R: up in the northern part of florida. North, right on the east coast of florida Northeast.
SPEAKER_L: Or the where the jacks play? Okay. I mean, if I could just look at it from a football match and that makes a lot more.
SPEAKER_R: Jack Jack wires.
SPEAKER_L: Did you, have you been there for a while to grow up there? Just move over there?
SPEAKER_R: I've been here for like seven years from California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. So that's quite a move from California, over to florida.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, but you know, I really was looking forward to get to back to florida I've lived here before and you know, I like florida. Um now I would say a little bit less now because they're, the state has changed quite a bit but it's a good place. I mean Jacksonville is not a bad town, it's um has its ups and downs
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't think I've ever been to Jacksonville. I my, you know, just like every other you call us, Yankees have found that mistake and Yankees up in new york Connecticut jersey. Uh you know, we still have some family down in florida that moved down there um in all over two, I think my sister in law lives in bradenton, Reddington, or scars and scars down Barrington. Your uh
SPEAKER_R: by pampa.
SPEAKER_L: Tampa. Yeah, we've gone down there, that was great, uh stayed down there for her wedding and it was like three or four days. Um october gorgeous guys, it was a little hot, toasty and of course I've got a four year old and two year old. So uh for for work one week, uh this was last year, I had a conference down in Disney, so I decided to bring the whole family down. So we did the whole Disney route. I mean, look, if you know, I wasn't, if I was paying out of pocket for the whole thing, I probably wouldn't have brought the two of them because it's a little young, but figured, well, I got a hotel room, you know, there's some family that works then in Disney as well, so we were able to get some tickets for a good price as well. Let's just bring him down. We only did like three or four days. It was it was hot. It was toasting. I want to say it was like the hottest that had ever been or something in october and I certainly felt it. It was, it was worth
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what we usually if we're going to do the theme parks will be like starting in october or november, you know when it starts to cool down this time of year is not the time of year to do it, you know? Of course.
SPEAKER_L: no. And then you get
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: hit with the december folks coming on down in March or april with the school districts and all those. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: but no Jacksonville, I've never, I've never been to um, anything like Tampa.
SPEAKER_R: um similar to Tampa, Yes, it's not like Orlando, but I would say it's more similar to Tampa.
SPEAKER_L: And is it, I'm assuming, but it's not like Miami, is it?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Uh, so my life and I, on our honeymoon, we decided we're never going to be able to take two weeks off. So this is back in 2014. I said, Let's take two weeks off. And we did um Jamaica for one week and then we did aruba the other week. So the reason why I bring it up though is because we had to go up to Miami to do a switch off from I think we were we went to Jamaica first and then went to Aruba second, but regardless there wasn't a direct going over to the to I am, so we had to go back over to Miami and I said to my wife, I don't think we've ever really like exploring Miami, so we'll just take one day. Well we stayed at the sls over in Miami, let's just see how it is. And uh it absolutely was the we we start out like sore thumbs over there. Um We we didn't fit in whatsoever. You know, the car culture was really big. I drive a Corolla like all these Bentleys that was in front of the hotel. Like if I want to put my Corolla in front of here, they just automatically kicked me out of the hotel. Um and then like even the parties were, we just didn't fit so I'm glad that we went but I don't think we'll be going back to my end anytime soon.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, probably another area in Miami to go to a
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: lot of the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: younger
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: out there, you know Fort Lauderdale Miami, a lot of the younger crowds, you know it's for them, for myself. No, I mean we might get the keys or something but that's about it. I mean nothing really in Miami to see.
SPEAKER_L: Is that is that a drive from Jacksonville to the keys or have a flight?
SPEAKER_R: it would be a drive, I mean it's about six hour drive, 6.5 hours, so
SPEAKER_L: It's a bit of a drive said well you know in florida and frankly all these states even California as well when someone says 46 hour drive I feel like most people like, yeah no problem at all. Meanwhile up here in new york you ever say six hours to somebody like no no no no no I can probably take a flight for that in. It ends up bringing to either to D. C. Or brings you to Canada. Six hours really gets you quite far from new york. I'm very different in florida California. I know one of my family's in North Carolina to and they'll say the same thing now we went over to topsail beach. How long have drivers now? It's about 5-6 hours. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly yeah for here it's nothing, you know, it's just I can understand new york. People are more not as carp culture as they are or California, you know in other states
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We uh so my wife and I only have one car up here. It's been working out well because I was taking the subway into work all the time. So it really wasn't any requirement to have a car. She's a stay at home mom and she does not use a licensed car to come to work. So we said let's just get a used Corolla, we got a useful role. Uh We don't use it very often. We have to move it every once in a while for alternate side of the street parking, which you're not familiar with. Alternate sides. Just you can't park your car on one side of the street for longer than seven days. And if you do, if the street cleaners come and if your car is there they'll ticket it, is there another week they'll just boot it and you have to pick it up from the pound so you can't just plop your car on the street, but at least it's getting a little bit easier to find parking lately with uh many, many folks pitching out to the Hamptons or Connecticut or frankly everywhere outside of new york especially.
SPEAKER_R: everybody done left,
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, exactly. So we're expecting that by september, you know, some of these folks will start coming on back because school supposedly is going to be starting. Although we haven't heard any defendant plans just yet. I don't think that there is a start date for school yet.
SPEAKER_R: not a word,
SPEAKER_L: Now, how are how in florida are they approaching the school you started earlier in front of mistaken too?
SPEAKER_R: We are great, they were supposed to start next Monday but they put it off for 10 days and they're going to start August 20 now
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you think very August 20, Do you think they're going to start on August 20?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're pretty much set on that, they really don't care about, you know what's going on the denver's or anything, they're worried about the dollars and you know and the governor et cetera. You know that demanded that the schools open, They did offer home what they call Duval home room, which is still online instruction. So you can choose to do that for a quarter at the end of the quarter, you can decide to go back to your school or continue on online for another quarter. Um So that was a good thing, we just sign up both I have a five year old and a 13 year old, we were not comfortable with them going back to school right now so we don't want them to be the guinea pigs. So we said stay home and we'll do the online instruction here. I don't know about the five year old going into kindergarten. That's not gonna be easy.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I hear you on that. I mean, putting a four year old, my four year old in front of zoom during preschool was fairly painful and we didn't really feel like she got much out of it. But do they like, well, I guess that's the 13 year old, like the online instruction.
SPEAKER_R: She did because she did it the last quarter of the back in last school year. She'd like to uh it's a little bit different because she likes the interaction with the instructors and um she thought she wasn't pushed enough. She needs a little bit more for for school, she said and she wanted to go back to class but she doesn't feel it's safe. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: mean, are any of the kids going back or is it like, you know the percentage or have they given out percentages
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: of what's going on?
SPEAKER_R: did, which I was kind of glad to see her school alone. 50% of the students are staying home District wide, only 20% are staying home. So her school, I feel her parents a little bit smarter. Um it is a middle school and it is a gift of school. She goes to a school for gifted Children. So she has, I think her parents, all the parents that are there are a little bit smarter and said, hey, you know, we're not going to deal with this. And that was the last week. They're still signing them up until next week. And so that number might change even higher. So I'm glad to see you. And the principal said At most we're only going to have 300 students if it stays this way in the school at a time, I'm like, well that might work, But I'm not putting her in that 300 and plus she has to ride a bus and just too much risk right now
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't blame you at all. Uh that gifted and talented program is at a public school or private school
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: down.
SPEAKER_R: a public school and she, it's clear on the other side of town. She takes, she leaves home at 6 15 in the morning to get to school by eight a.m. So it, she takes two buses to get there. But she was chosen to go there when she was in elementary and she's, this is her last year there before she goes to a really good high school and she she wanted to maintain her seat in her school. That was her big concern. She would have taken the risk and gone to school if they didn't offer it just because she wants to maintain her seat to go to the next level.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's amazing how stressful it is for 13 year old, 14 year old, 15 year old to go through this right now, you know, I look at it from the lens of a two and four year old, like a worst case my four year old can't get in front of nursery school. We could figure out many of the other things. But for some of her students and especially high school where I feel like you and I could probably you know probably teach some of the stuff in the caterer eight. But then like calculus algebra two, I'm gonna have to retake the course online in order to teach my daughters about.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. I mean she's already going into algebra and geometry and I'm like, I don't know about that.
SPEAKER_L: uh that's really early. I took algebra two I think it was I was a sophomore in high school and I took a logical to have noticed that things are moving quicker in the math department with some of the kids now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because her school is all advanced placement classes is why she's already in these higher horses already and getting high school credit. She gets, you started getting high school credit in 7th grade so she don't have to complete them. Now when she goes to high school they're already done. Um Because she wants it, she's going to it's basically a college prep school too, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Is it um does she have her sights? I know she's sort of young still but sights set on college or what?
SPEAKER_R: not yet. She wants to go to college, she just doesn't know where yet and she's going to look at that next year going into high school. She wants to go into the ivy program um which is an international bachelor program And start taking that 9th grade, so I'm like cool.
SPEAKER_L: So my school didn't offer. I'd be, although I did hear the term bandied around when I was in high school, I don't think it was that big in Connecticut in general. But what is the I. B. Program again? Because it's different than a P. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is, it's a little bit more advanced and more of inter Matic will say with other countries and stuff and it really challenges them and so that's what she needs, something that's going to challenge her. And I said well good
SPEAKER_L: Does she fall more on like the stem area or is it more on like the english and other items?
SPEAKER_R: more stem, she loves mathematics, she loves science and that's her two favorite areas but she loves art too. So
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'll tell you, so I'm in a cybersecurity guy. Uh And I work you know more more on that see s side of the house. I'll tell her right off the bat if she isn't doing coding already, I would highly recommend for her to do some coding. It sounds like she probably is, but.
SPEAKER_R: he already is because she actually took the Microsoft has some coding courses uh some virtual coding courses during the summer and she she goes I've already done all these, she goes she goes I wish it was a little bit more challenging, but I've already done all this.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'll tell you uh when it comes to coding you can certainly make it as challenging as possible. She ever you ever want to do like an app or something? I know that there's a ton of kids, not, I don't know about her age, but you know, in the high school is going into college level, making apps now and I was just reading about, I'm sure you've been following the tick tock item that's going on with the U. S. But some of the competitors and one of them is called travel or trickle. It sounds very much like a word, but I think it's a made up word. Um and the owners of the place have to be, they look young. They look like they're either in high school or just approaching college. They made the mobile app, they were able to just do it a little bit better than Tiktok and they're riding their wave right now. People who are getting off a tick tock, they've got to be banking it right now. And yeah, if you saw the kids who have made it, you're like, did you graduate college or high school yet? So yeah, there's a lot of really exciting opportunities for, you know, the cops I side of the house and she could utilize some of the math skills, math skills. And then also she look at some of those same companies, facebook, apple netflix google, Who knows who's gonna be next in the same group when she gets to college as well. And then she would be, she's taking high school credits now, but she could also take college credits in high school too. Right
SPEAKER_R: that's correct, yep,
SPEAKER_L: man. I don't miss, I don't miss all this in high school. And I figured high school was stressful enough and I was there. But thinking about what my daughter is gonna have to go through, like it's a lot of work, obviously, it's good for everything that they're going to be doing in life, but it sounds stressful at the same time.
SPEAKER_R: there competition now and it's very competitive environment and it's, you know, it's up to the kid if they're going to want to get in that involved in you know, competition for it, you know, they need it nowadays, I don't know about our son, I mean he's free spirited still and he's not into learning right at the moment, but that will change, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Well, especially right now too, with everything being forced online, it's just a totally different atmosphere. Are you know, his friends or your daughter's friends coming over the house at all, or you know, everything is still pretty much quarantine at that.
SPEAKER_R: still quarantined, I mean she she went over and saw one of her friends spent the night um the other day, but as far as the other friends know, everybody's pretty much staying home um just you know, the smart people are are not interacting still, you know, if we do something, we might go to the beach where there's less people that um We did go down to Orlando last week and we stayed at a resort down there but they guaranteed us that it was only 25% capacity and everything, they had precautions in place and we felt very fine going there. You know if we got their check the dollar out of everything is that it's fine. We find we just went there to go swimming, we didn't leave it the whole week. We were there, we just stayed in the resort and swam and just enjoy ourselves.
SPEAKER_L: If you don't mind me asking, what resort did you go to?
SPEAKER_R: Is Orange Lake, it's right next to Disney World.
SPEAKER_L: okay, okay. You can tell, I have no idea what I'm uh I'm ok,
SPEAKER_R: we owned by holiday and they so but it's not a regular holiday and it's actually their vacation clubs and
SPEAKER_L: watch it.
SPEAKER_R: it's a very big resort. I mean they have three golf courses and you know they have four water parks there, place is huge but when we want we normally go there you know quite a couple of times a year we go there this time and to see how dead it was. You know, only see 25% capacity was like wow
SPEAKER_L: What was it a problem getting in at the 25% capacity or were they sort
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: of please
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: will
SPEAKER_L: down?
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm actually surprised that they still you know that it was easy to get in even at 25% I guess because people aren't traveling and you don't have people coming down to Disney World and come on the alligator amusement park. So even just Orlando that's looking at the restaurants and stuff and they were dead. I mean there was no cars in the parking lot where you see three or four cars, it was like this is not Orlando, this is not the normal.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, it's a little bit worrisome. I see it in new york as well, where you drive around and they do have the outdoor seating, So I don't know about florida right now, but in new york we want to face three opening, which means that most things are open other than things that are inside. So restaurants are also not included in that, so everybody's eating outside. And what's nice is that all of the people in the patrons are either on the streets or you know, they have a nice little set up right on the street, so everything's all blocked off. It actually adds a nice ambiance to the air, but then you look inside the restaurant, yeah, ones in there. Um and I don't know how some of these restaurants are going to be able to survive. A lot of these places are going to be able to survive even at 25% capacity. That's a 25% of your revenue. Considering considering what was going on from last year. It is a little worrisome but confident and a glass half full type person. So I'm hoping that over the next few months we get some positive news, even if they look, nobody wants to take the vaccine, at least we know that there would be a vaccine. But that's all speculation obviously right now. So I'm trying to look at the glass half full because if you look at it the other way, Good Lord. It's a very painful thing to do. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Master. Um are they going to up to 25% there? Are they just stuck at that for the time being.
SPEAKER_L: 25% for uh capacity
SPEAKER_R: Give Me
SPEAKER_L: in the
SPEAKER_R: 15.
SPEAKER_L: um they're probably going to keep things the way they are, given the fact that, I mean, nothing seems to be going well outside of new york and we already went through hell in a handbasket in March and april. I don't think they're really looking at revised, luckily right now, obviously it's warm up here, so it's a lot easier to get people outside and to dine outside, but outside of that, I mean, I was talking to my wife about this. What happens when october comes around? Yeah, it's great to have a beer outside and to drink and watch football, but to bring my four year old and two year old to dinner outside in the middle
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: of october,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: up in the Northeast, it does not seem like a lot of fun and I'm assuming that most of the folks would probably feel the same as well. Yeah, there's heating elements that you could put in, but you know, it's dark, it's going to be dark, it's going to be windy, the wind or the weather changes so quickly up here. And if we don't have the places opening up, I mean, I'm assuming most of would just go to uh, some type of delivery method uh Only. Which I mean that's got to be just a lot of effort for these restaurants and I'm not a restaurant guy so I don't know you know all the economics that go into it but I can't imagine it being very profitable.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Have you guys eaten up yet?
SPEAKER_L: We have we have uh so we went up to ski resort about three weeks ago, three or four weeks ago just to get some fresh air and to drive up to upstate new york. And we finally grabbed food at this restaurant that was right off of uh Hunter Mountain. I could be making that up. It was a ski resort. Uh It was nice going up there and go into the restaurant but we ate outside, we it out and Jack was actually sort of cold. Uh Maybe it's just me and the thought that I was at a ski resort but it did feel a little bit cold even though it's the middle of june july. Um but that was the last time we ate out. And I think to fold, we learned from that one we got used to cooking at home. Uh and just to see how economically inefficient it is to go out. Even with a four year old and two year old then you're looking at the bill, jeez this bill I could have probably paid for, sorry, a few days worth of groceries and I just spent it all on lunch
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: For me?
SPEAKER_L: almost like buyer's regret now. So I can't imagine other folks are feeling the same thing. Like it was nice to get out and get me wrong, but I don't think I want to go back to doing this like once or twice a month. It's a lot of money.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah. Like when we went down to Orlando, they're all condos. So we we brought our own food and we cook our own food the whole time we were there, we weren't going to take the chance with any restaurants and the majority of our still shut down like at the resort, so we're like let's just cook our own it's safer. We haven't tried any restaurants out, you know, in the city of Jacksonville, I just don't think it's safe at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't blame you. I wouldn't really feel very comfortable about that either. I like, I like my pizza don't get me wrong, so it's nice to get a pizza every once in a while. I'm delivered over here. So we've gotten delivery, but we really haven't ventured much into going out to a restaurant for a lot of those reasons that describe monetary doesn't make any sense for safety reasons and it's just not a really fun experience right now. I feel like I'm part of a medical experiment going out to some of these restaurants right now. I'd rather not be a part of the experiment.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we hear it's too hot to eat outside so there's no really there's no places that are outdoors and that's why our cases are probably still up because people have to go inside.
SPEAKER_L: This.
SPEAKER_R: You know, they talk about how people being outside would help and everything here in florida. People don't want to be outside unless you're at the beach.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I know. Yeah, that would be, uh, I can feel the bald spot on my head. I was burning up whenever I go to the beach. For sure.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, I know it's, I think it's 25 after now, so I think we should be all set well. Hey, I appreciate the time. It was nice meeting you as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, there. Um I think you can have a storm coming your way to. The one that just passed through here is heading up your way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's funny now that the storm clouds are fast approaching. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, very committing it and good luck to your daughter and son this year in school as well. All right.
SPEAKER_R: All right, same here and thank you. It's nice meeting you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You as well enjoy the day.