Yeah. Uh huh. Cool mm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Um mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yes yeah
yeah and I can hear you.
Good afternoon, how are you today?
You're good, my name is Kevin and yourself
located in new york so I'm in Queens and we are you know we're going for the lockdown right now but it's easy an awful little bit so I know exactly what you're going for down in florida.
We're easing off to a point, I wouldn't say that we're you know going all over the place right now but we certainly I can feel your pain down in florida right now.
Yeah it was quite a it certainly was quite a lockdown up here. Remember going over to the grocery store and he was late february and then looking at my phone and hearing that I don't know if it was new york city at the time but it was another city fairly close by stating that they were shutting everything down. So I ended up going back into that supermarket which wasn't terribly crowded um to get rice and beans and all the other fun stuff that we don't know if we're going to be able to get. So I spent $100 on other starchy things. That to be honest you're still sitting in the basement right now and uh collecting.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. How are I mean are people seemingly staying home down in florida or are they
Oh wow. That's uh I mean I so when I had to pick up one of my buddies who lived in the city and we drove in and I want to say that was in april but didn't actually take the subway or get out and go into the city. I just picked him up and brought him back over to queens. Um It was really, really quiet in the city but we also got hit with a double whammy. Two of not only were people not able to go out, but people weren't able to go to work either. So we certainly really quieted things down up here. And even now it's still, the city's pretty quiet. Queens is back to where it was minus the subways. Subways are still pretty quiet for sure. I haven't
been.
Yeah, all the trains. In fact, my mother lives up in Connecticut and I was going to take the train up there and I said I'll just drive. So I drove and I passed by one of the train stations and normally the cars are filled to the brim over at the train station. In fact, there's a seven year wait to get on some of these train train parking lot past lists and went up, There was like a random monday or Tuesday, I took the time. It took some time off and holy moly just Dead. No, No one There whatsoever. So disappointed. But hopefully we'll be able to get past. In fact, my friend just texted me about Australia and I heard those lockdowns are pretty, pretty stringent over there.
I did. Although I honestly don't remember if they had gotten hit hard the first time. Do you remember?
Well even like India, I think it's still fairly locked down to be honest. I really haven't followed it all that much. I mean, I don't know about you, but there's only so much I could watch this up until like, okay, I get it. We got the virus. We're going to stay home for a while. Just let me know what I can come out.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. We're in florida. Are you?
Where
is it?
Or the where the jacks play? Okay. I mean, if I could just look at it from a football match and that makes a lot more.
Did you, have you been there for a while to grow up there? Just move over there?
Oh, wow. So that's quite a move from California, over to florida.
Yeah, I don't think I've ever been to Jacksonville. I my, you know, just like every other you call us, Yankees have found that mistake and Yankees up in new york Connecticut jersey. Uh you know, we still have some family down in florida that moved down there um in all over two, I think my sister in law lives in bradenton, Reddington, or scars and scars down Barrington. Your uh
Tampa. Yeah, we've gone down there, that was great, uh stayed down there for her wedding and it was like three or four days. Um october gorgeous guys, it was a little hot, toasty and of course I've got a four year old and two year old. So uh for for work one week, uh this was last year, I had a conference down in Disney, so I decided to bring the whole family down. So we did the whole Disney route. I mean, look, if you know, I wasn't, if I was paying out of pocket for the whole thing, I probably wouldn't have brought the two of them because it's a little young, but figured, well, I got a hotel room, you know, there's some family that works then in Disney as well, so we were able to get some tickets for a good price as well. Let's just bring him down. We only did like three or four days. It was it was hot. It was toasting. I want to say it was like the hottest that had ever been or something in october and I certainly felt it. It was, it was worth
no. And then you get
hit with the december folks coming on down in March or april with the school districts and all those. Yeah,
but no Jacksonville, I've never, I've never been to um, anything like Tampa.
And is it, I'm assuming, but it's not like Miami, is it?
Uh, so my life and I, on our honeymoon, we decided we're never going to be able to take two weeks off. So this is back in 2014. I said, Let's take two weeks off. And we did um Jamaica for one week and then we did aruba the other week. So the reason why I bring it up though is because we had to go up to Miami to do a switch off from I think we were we went to Jamaica first and then went to Aruba second, but regardless there wasn't a direct going over to the to I am, so we had to go back over to Miami and I said to my wife, I don't think we've ever really like exploring Miami, so we'll just take one day. Well we stayed at the sls over in Miami, let's just see how it is. And uh it absolutely was the we we start out like sore thumbs over there. Um We we didn't fit in whatsoever. You know, the car culture was really big. I drive a Corolla like all these Bentleys that was in front of the hotel. Like if I want to put my Corolla in front of here, they just automatically kicked me out of the hotel. Um and then like even the parties were, we just didn't fit so I'm glad that we went but I don't think we'll be going back to my end anytime soon.
What
you
think?
Is that is that a drive from Jacksonville to the keys or have a flight?
It's a bit of a drive said well you know in florida and frankly all these states even California as well when someone says 46 hour drive I feel like most people like, yeah no problem at all. Meanwhile up here in new york you ever say six hours to somebody like no no no no no I can probably take a flight for that in. It ends up bringing to either to D. C. Or brings you to Canada. Six hours really gets you quite far from new york. I'm very different in florida California. I know one of my family's in North Carolina to and they'll say the same thing now we went over to topsail beach. How long have drivers now? It's about 5-6 hours. Uh huh.
Yeah. We uh so my wife and I only have one car up here. It's been working out well because I was taking the subway into work all the time. So it really wasn't any requirement to have a car. She's a stay at home mom and she does not use a licensed car to come to work. So we said let's just get a used Corolla, we got a useful role. Uh We don't use it very often. We have to move it every once in a while for alternate side of the street parking, which you're not familiar with. Alternate sides. Just you can't park your car on one side of the street for longer than seven days. And if you do, if the street cleaners come and if your car is there they'll ticket it, is there another week they'll just boot it and you have to pick it up from the pound so you can't just plop your car on the street, but at least it's getting a little bit easier to find parking lately with uh many, many folks pitching out to the Hamptons or Connecticut or frankly everywhere outside of new york especially.
Exactly, exactly. So we're expecting that by september, you know, some of these folks will start coming on back because school supposedly is going to be starting. Although we haven't heard any defendant plans just yet. I don't think that there is a start date for school yet.
Now, how are how in florida are they approaching the school you started earlier in front of mistaken too?
Do
you think very August 20, Do you think they're going to start on August 20?
No, no, I hear you on that. I mean, putting a four year old, my four year old in front of zoom during preschool was fairly painful and we didn't really feel like she got much out of it. But do they like, well, I guess that's the 13 year old, like the online instruction.
I
mean, are any of the kids going back or is it like, you know the percentage or have they given out percentages
of what's going on?
Yeah, I don't blame you at all. Uh that gifted and talented program is at a public school or private school
down.
Yeah. I mean it's amazing how stressful it is for 13 year old, 14 year old, 15 year old to go through this right now, you know, I look at it from the lens of a two and four year old, like a worst case my four year old can't get in front of nursery school. We could figure out many of the other things. But for some of her students and especially high school where I feel like you and I could probably you know probably teach some of the stuff in the caterer eight. But then like calculus algebra two, I'm gonna have to retake the course online in order to teach my daughters about.
uh that's really early. I took algebra two I think it was I was a sophomore in high school and I took a logical to have noticed that things are moving quicker in the math department with some of the kids now.
Okay. Is it um does she have her sights? I know she's sort of young still but sights set on college or what?
So my school didn't offer. I'd be, although I did hear the term bandied around when I was in high school, I don't think it was that big in Connecticut in general. But what is the I. B. Program again? Because it's different than a P. Right?
Does she fall more on like the stem area or is it more on like the english and other items?
Well, I'll tell you, so I'm in a cybersecurity guy. Uh And I work you know more more on that see s side of the house. I'll tell her right off the bat if she isn't doing coding already, I would highly recommend for her to do some coding. It sounds like she probably is, but.
Well I'll tell you uh when it comes to coding you can certainly make it as challenging as possible. She ever you ever want to do like an app or something? I know that there's a ton of kids, not, I don't know about her age, but you know, in the high school is going into college level, making apps now and I was just reading about, I'm sure you've been following the tick tock item that's going on with the U. S. But some of the competitors and one of them is called travel or trickle. It sounds very much like a word, but I think it's a made up word. Um and the owners of the place have to be, they look young. They look like they're either in high school or just approaching college. They made the mobile app, they were able to just do it a little bit better than Tiktok and they're riding their wave right now. People who are getting off a tick tock, they've got to be banking it right now. And yeah, if you saw the kids who have made it, you're like, did you graduate college or high school yet? So yeah, there's a lot of really exciting opportunities for, you know, the cops I side of the house and she could utilize some of the math skills, math skills. And then also she look at some of those same companies, facebook, apple netflix google, Who knows who's gonna be next in the same group when she gets to college as well. And then she would be, she's taking high school credits now, but she could also take college credits in high school too. Right
man. I don't miss, I don't miss all this in high school. And I figured high school was stressful enough and I was there. But thinking about what my daughter is gonna have to go through, like it's a lot of work, obviously, it's good for everything that they're going to be doing in life, but it sounds stressful at the same time.
Yeah, Well, especially right now too, with everything being forced online, it's just a totally different atmosphere. Are you know, his friends or your daughter's friends coming over the house at all, or you know, everything is still pretty much quarantine at that.
If you don't mind me asking, what resort did you go to?
okay, okay. You can tell, I have no idea what I'm uh I'm ok,
watch it.
What was it a problem getting in at the 25% capacity or were they sort
of please
come
down?
No, no, it's a little bit worrisome. I see it in new york as well, where you drive around and they do have the outdoor seating, So I don't know about florida right now, but in new york we want to face three opening, which means that most things are open other than things that are inside. So restaurants are also not included in that, so everybody's eating outside. And what's nice is that all of the people in the patrons are either on the streets or you know, they have a nice little set up right on the street, so everything's all blocked off. It actually adds a nice ambiance to the air, but then you look inside the restaurant, yeah, ones in there. Um and I don't know how some of these restaurants are going to be able to survive. A lot of these places are going to be able to survive even at 25% capacity. That's a 25% of your revenue. Considering considering what was going on from last year. It is a little worrisome but confident and a glass half full type person. So I'm hoping that over the next few months we get some positive news, even if they look, nobody wants to take the vaccine, at least we know that there would be a vaccine. But that's all speculation obviously right now. So I'm trying to look at the glass half full because if you look at it the other way, Good Lord. It's a very painful thing to do. Uh
25% for uh capacity
in the
um they're probably going to keep things the way they are, given the fact that, I mean, nothing seems to be going well outside of new york and we already went through hell in a handbasket in March and april. I don't think they're really looking at revised, luckily right now, obviously it's warm up here, so it's a lot easier to get people outside and to dine outside, but outside of that, I mean, I was talking to my wife about this. What happens when october comes around? Yeah, it's great to have a beer outside and to drink and watch football, but to bring my four year old and two year old to dinner outside in the middle
of october,
up in the Northeast, it does not seem like a lot of fun and I'm assuming that most of the folks would probably feel the same as well. Yeah, there's heating elements that you could put in, but you know, it's dark, it's going to be dark, it's going to be windy, the wind or the weather changes so quickly up here. And if we don't have the places opening up, I mean, I'm assuming most of would just go to uh, some type of delivery method uh Only. Which I mean that's got to be just a lot of effort for these restaurants and I'm not a restaurant guy so I don't know you know all the economics that go into it but I can't imagine it being very profitable.
We have we have uh so we went up to ski resort about three weeks ago, three or four weeks ago just to get some fresh air and to drive up to upstate new york. And we finally grabbed food at this restaurant that was right off of uh Hunter Mountain. I could be making that up. It was a ski resort. Uh It was nice going up there and go into the restaurant but we ate outside, we it out and Jack was actually sort of cold. Uh Maybe it's just me and the thought that I was at a ski resort but it did feel a little bit cold even though it's the middle of june july. Um but that was the last time we ate out. And I think to fold, we learned from that one we got used to cooking at home. Uh and just to see how economically inefficient it is to go out. Even with a four year old and two year old then you're looking at the bill, jeez this bill I could have probably paid for, sorry, a few days worth of groceries and I just spent it all on lunch
and
what
almost like buyer's regret now. So I can't imagine other folks are feeling the same thing. Like it was nice to get out and get me wrong, but I don't think I want to go back to doing this like once or twice a month. It's a lot of money.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't blame you. I wouldn't really feel very comfortable about that either. I like, I like my pizza don't get me wrong, so it's nice to get a pizza every once in a while. I'm delivered over here. So we've gotten delivery, but we really haven't ventured much into going out to a restaurant for a lot of those reasons that describe monetary doesn't make any sense for safety reasons and it's just not a really fun experience right now. I feel like I'm part of a medical experiment going out to some of these restaurants right now. I'd rather not be a part of the experiment.
This.
I know, I know. Yeah, that would be, uh, I can feel the bald spot on my head. I was burning up whenever I go to the beach. For sure.
Hey, I know it's, I think it's 25 after now, so I think we should be all set well. Hey, I appreciate the time. It was nice meeting you as well.
Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's funny now that the storm clouds are fast approaching. Well,
Hey, very committing it and good luck to your daughter and son this year in school as well. All right.
Yeah. You as well enjoy the day.