can you hear me
okay? Good afternoon,
good, how are you doing today?
My name is bob. I'm located in florida. Where you located
what
you've been there done that
eventually. You might use it then.
No that's the problem is they're not staying home. They're just about doing whatever they want.
Think
fun. The subways are still quiet then.
Pretty strict. And they had an outbreak there didn't they?
Uh Not that hard but they were pretty good about lockdowns and stuff. A lot better than I think we were every night. Yeah.
exactly. I mean I just keep up with you know how many cases are going on and where it's exploding etcetera. Um But more locally you know in my state and you know through the other states. But like you got had enough
contract contract. We will
jack
up in the northern part of florida. North, right on the east coast of florida Northeast.
Jack Jack wires.
I've been here for like seven years from California.
Yes, but you know, I really was looking forward to get to back to florida I've lived here before and you know, I like florida. Um now I would say a little bit less now because they're, the state has changed quite a bit but it's a good place. I mean Jacksonville is not a bad town, it's um has its ups and downs
by pampa.
Yeah that's what we usually if we're going to do the theme parks will be like starting in october or november, you know when it starts to cool down this time of year is not the time of year to do it, you know? Of course.
All
No,
um similar to Tampa, Yes, it's not like Orlando, but I would say it's more similar to Tampa.
No,
yeah, probably another area in Miami to go to a
lot of the
younger
out there, you know Fort Lauderdale Miami, a lot of the younger crowds, you know it's for them, for myself. No, I mean we might get the keys or something but that's about it. I mean nothing really in Miami to see.
it would be a drive, I mean it's about six hour drive, 6.5 hours, so
Exactly yeah for here it's nothing, you know, it's just I can understand new york. People are more not as carp culture as they are or California, you know in other states
everybody done left,
not a word,
We are great, they were supposed to start next Monday but they put it off for 10 days and they're going to start August 20 now
and
Yeah, they're pretty much set on that, they really don't care about, you know what's going on the denver's or anything, they're worried about the dollars and you know and the governor et cetera. You know that demanded that the schools open, They did offer home what they call Duval home room, which is still online instruction. So you can choose to do that for a quarter at the end of the quarter, you can decide to go back to your school or continue on online for another quarter. Um So that was a good thing, we just sign up both I have a five year old and a 13 year old, we were not comfortable with them going back to school right now so we don't want them to be the guinea pigs. So we said stay home and we'll do the online instruction here. I don't know about the five year old going into kindergarten. That's not gonna be easy.
She did because she did it the last quarter of the back in last school year. She'd like to uh it's a little bit different because she likes the interaction with the instructors and um she thought she wasn't pushed enough. She needs a little bit more for for school, she said and she wanted to go back to class but she doesn't feel it's safe. I
want
We
did, which I was kind of glad to see her school alone. 50% of the students are staying home District wide, only 20% are staying home. So her school, I feel her parents a little bit smarter. Um it is a middle school and it is a gift of school. She goes to a school for gifted Children. So she has, I think her parents, all the parents that are there are a little bit smarter and said, hey, you know, we're not going to deal with this. And that was the last week. They're still signing them up until next week. And so that number might change even higher. So I'm glad to see you. And the principal said At most we're only going to have 300 students if it stays this way in the school at a time, I'm like, well that might work, But I'm not putting her in that 300 and plus she has to ride a bus and just too much risk right now
it's
a public school and she, it's clear on the other side of town. She takes, she leaves home at 6 15 in the morning to get to school by eight a.m. So it, she takes two buses to get there. But she was chosen to go there when she was in elementary and she's, this is her last year there before she goes to a really good high school and she she wanted to maintain her seat in her school. That was her big concern. She would have taken the risk and gone to school if they didn't offer it just because she wants to maintain her seat to go to the next level.
Exactly. I mean she's already going into algebra and geometry and I'm like, I don't know about that.
Yeah, because her school is all advanced placement classes is why she's already in these higher horses already and getting high school credit. She gets, you started getting high school credit in 7th grade so she don't have to complete them. Now when she goes to high school they're already done. Um Because she wants it, she's going to it's basically a college prep school too, so
not yet. She wants to go to college, she just doesn't know where yet and she's going to look at that next year going into high school. She wants to go into the ivy program um which is an international bachelor program And start taking that 9th grade, so I'm like cool.
Yes it is, it's a little bit more advanced and more of inter Matic will say with other countries and stuff and it really challenges them and so that's what she needs, something that's going to challenge her. And I said well good
more stem, she loves mathematics, she loves science and that's her two favorite areas but she loves art too. So
he already is because she actually took the Microsoft has some coding courses uh some virtual coding courses during the summer and she she goes I've already done all these, she goes she goes I wish it was a little bit more challenging, but I've already done all this.
that's correct, yep,
there competition now and it's very competitive environment and it's, you know, it's up to the kid if they're going to want to get in that involved in you know, competition for it, you know, they need it nowadays, I don't know about our son, I mean he's free spirited still and he's not into learning right at the moment, but that will change, you know,
still quarantined, I mean she she went over and saw one of her friends spent the night um the other day, but as far as the other friends know, everybody's pretty much staying home um just you know, the smart people are are not interacting still, you know, if we do something, we might go to the beach where there's less people that um We did go down to Orlando last week and we stayed at a resort down there but they guaranteed us that it was only 25% capacity and everything, they had precautions in place and we felt very fine going there. You know if we got their check the dollar out of everything is that it's fine. We find we just went there to go swimming, we didn't leave it the whole week. We were there, we just stayed in the resort and swam and just enjoy ourselves.
Is Orange Lake, it's right next to Disney World.
we owned by holiday and they so but it's not a regular holiday and it's actually their vacation clubs and
it's a very big resort. I mean they have three golf courses and you know they have four water parks there, place is huge but when we want we normally go there you know quite a couple of times a year we go there this time and to see how dead it was. You know, only see 25% capacity was like wow
no
I
will
No, I'm actually surprised that they still you know that it was easy to get in even at 25% I guess because people aren't traveling and you don't have people coming down to Disney World and come on the alligator amusement park. So even just Orlando that's looking at the restaurants and stuff and they were dead. I mean there was no cars in the parking lot where you see three or four cars, it was like this is not Orlando, this is not the normal.
Master. Um are they going to up to 25% there? Are they just stuck at that for the time being.
Give Me
15.
Thank
you.
Exactly. Have you guys eaten up yet?
For
what?
For me?
Exactly. Yeah. Like when we went down to Orlando, they're all condos. So we we brought our own food and we cook our own food the whole time we were there, we weren't going to take the chance with any restaurants and the majority of our still shut down like at the resort, so we're like let's just cook our own it's safer. We haven't tried any restaurants out, you know, in the city of Jacksonville, I just don't think it's safe at this point.
Yeah, we hear it's too hot to eat outside so there's no really there's no places that are outdoors and that's why our cases are probably still up because people have to go inside.
You know, they talk about how people being outside would help and everything here in florida. People don't want to be outside unless you're at the beach.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Yes, there. Um I think you can have a storm coming your way to. The one that just passed through here is heading up your way.
Thanks.
All right, same here and thank you. It's nice meeting you