Let's see.
Hi, can you hear me? I can't, how's it going?
Fair enough.
I'm in California. Mhm
Oh not in, not in stroke out. I'm up in the bay area close to san Francisco.
Um right now it's pretty good. I don't think there's any fire like active fires. But saying one thing though that was pretty bad like it was, it was bad enough that you basically couldn't go outside um you know, for fear of health or whatnot. Yeah.
we did, we did you? I don't know if you saw the videos like sort of like a, what's that movie Blade runner? It looks
like that. Yeah.
Mm
Having
it.
What can you do?
almost
used the next season. How are you for you?
Got you. Okay.
is
that?
What's, what's Dallas like? So I've been to Houston but never ever to Dallas, never to Austin
connect.
The
three,
you chose the right spot.
You know uh the hurricanes, do those hit you guys
like I know there's
another
one coming up soon
I
think.
What you guys want to want to send one of those storms over to California? I'm sure we'd be happy.
Yeah. For better for us. Um I don't know, this is probably true for Dallas who but like good food. Uh there's a lot of good restaurants around here. Um
yeah, yeah the mexican food is that here is really good I think ironically, so there's a lot of like chinese and asian people here. Um but I haven't actually been able to find like a very good, very like quality and low price asian place near me. Um
Yeah, it's tough to find for some reason I don't know why.
I know.
Yeah you'd think so but like I don't know just sushi ramen was the big things here
correct?
What,
yeah you mentioned you play games too. Right. What type of what type of games you play?
Yeah for sure. Do you think you have like Sirius X or whatever than the new one House
and
House?
Uh Because I know that's like the big thing right now I play some games you've got no consoles unfortunately.
remember.
correct
I'm wondering like I'd say more like a strategy type of guy. So uh civilization is up my alley. Um
Yeah there's a game called uh what is it war game? Red Dragon. Yeah.
Yeah so so it's it's a it's a strategy game but the whole premise is like your commanding, you know some sort of army go
up against the other guys are me. Um I think it's really interesting because it's a real time strategy, right? So you actually have these like real life units, so apaches like you know Abrams battle tanks um and you fight against the Russians who have like their own real life stuff. Um It's pretty cool. I don't know if
you like the slow
pace
and he
just kind of you know
100.
I'm gonna sounds fine.
What's what's it
called?
Hate parties,
It sounds record.
kind of play it.
That's
How to turn it, Cut it, try it.
Okay cool. Cool. Yeah maybe that'll be my like black friday shopping. I'm building a list for black friday I guess. It's more like cyber friday now, but
that's true.
I wouldn't mind not just sales galore all the way through, that'd be nice.
Is that like stadia? Because that's
Watch
it.
This is like sort of like the Xbox, the Ambassador.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I don't know. I have to check it out. My thing is so my thing is like maybe um you know, around holiday season when like no one's working, maybe I'll try that, but if I'm working and I have to do that, like there's no way.
Really? Um So I think it's one of those things just like a juggling act all the way through.
Yeah. Mhm. So
mhm. For sure, definitely. Well, thanks, thanks for letting me know about this. Okay.
That's awesome. What's your All right. Here's a question. What's your favorite game like if you had to choose boy?
Various
then.
And
it's something not so something good came out of that, so that's good.
You
uh you do like like stand boxer, it's more like on a server, those PVP
type of
game.
No,
no, no, I hope. Yeah.
Yeah. No, for sure. Um I used to I played my craft a little bit. My favorite thing was sort of like just building the house. Right. Yeah,
because
like your
creativity glory, you can just do whatever you want. Physics, you know? Not necessarily a thing, you kind of just two blocks in mid air. So that part was really cool
robots.
Mhm.
Yeah,
wow,
tear down.
No.
Z is it sandbox
still or is it
more
admission
injured?
I don't
think we'll
check it out. Thanks for all these game rex. I uh I wish I could spend more time playing games. It's one of my
hopefully
over thanksgiving.
Hopefully
over
christmas.
Yeah, I guess in that sense like the pandemic wasn't maybe like as as bad for you because like you can kind of just
switch
to
the gaming
because
like
that's
eric.
And
michigan. So I'm I'm I'm a student right now in college, so I actually should be in Illinois like in Chicago. Um so in a sense like I traveled 2000 miles back home home with the pandemic. Um You know, for better for worse, obviously can't see friends in person, but like Chicago right now is super cold. Like it's like fucking freezing right? So I'm
happy
to be back
in
California.
Don't don't
even
try
it
just starting
that
experience.
So.
Yeah and like every time you
go out like you can't go out like a t shirt and shorts right? Like you have like like you know four or five layers and it's just like like going out as a pain
now.
and
there
and yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure. It's peaceful. It's just not
you
know I
think
you can't
the peace
when it's so
cold.
Yeah. It was great talking to you. I have classes but I really enjoyed getting to know you
game
game
rex. Thank
you for that.