Hello.
going
well. Oh my remind. They have just been off. Um Okay that's good. So are you are you retired?
Nice. Where? I don't really know too many places but my friend does live somewhere in south so.
Okay so you get like uh like smoke and fog and all that from fire is real good then up there. What was that like?
Did you get those red skies and stuff?
Blade
I saw the Blade Runner kind of san Francisco. Yeah that was interesting. Yeah I
listened to a like a game podcast and there in the bay area so they're always talking about when it gets real bad. The ash I guess gets real bad. Like they had the air quality was just absolute trash obviously and they said that the ash was building up on their windows and stuff like the window sills and stuff like that's crazy. Yeah but you're fine
with it
living in a classically Bernie state.
It's like a season now. It's like every year it's like, well the ash cloud should be coming an easier now any day now. It begins a nice fire, beautiful orange skies.
That's right.
I'm in texas near Dallas though.
We don't have to deal with the fires, but it's flat here, so we deal with flash flooding. So last
couple
years we've been flooding.
Yeah, those are the big ones, Dallas Office and Houston. I've been in Houston a couple of times. I mean that is the swamp capital of like of flooding when it floods. It's Houston that gets at the worst man, they'll be A. Mare. That was good. I live like 20 miles south of Dallas. So
I go to and four to check out things. I used to work near Dallas, so it's really busy. I live in around the edge, like right when it cuts off of like just concrete jungle, it's actually a little more country where I'm at. So I get to not deal with the noise of Dallas and Fort worth area because it's really loud. But yeah, like Dallas, it's a lot of stuff to do whatever you want to do here. I'm sure I have a friend that was in Austin, she's moving up to uh Dallas soon, so Dallas seems to be happy. And I got another friend that's like, thank you for moving to Dallas. I have someone that lives in southern California, you're chino and he's thinking about moving to Dallas to so everyone's converging over here. So
I
mean was that?
Yeah, no it's it's fine for what I for like the climb is pretty good. Um We got a couple of people that moved down from uh my lady friend was in pennsylvania, she moved down so she moved from uh someplace that Snowden had like an actual winter to like it's always mild, it's always like beautiful autumn equivalent when it's a winter down here, and she's like, oh my God, it's like actually comfortable while and then there's no snow to shovel your car out, it's great. No, the only thing is like flooding and tornadoes.
No,
thank
you.
That's like Houston, because they're on the coast were so inland, that one thing we get is uh rain from it, so if there's a hurricane after hurricane or tropical depression or something will hit, it always has the gulf, that's where that speeds up, so we're always getting rained from it. And a couple of years ago there was like three big storms back to back that just slammed the coast, and that's when we got like flooding. It was like a record breaking flooding from like I think the record was like in the 1950s so it flooded really, really bad. It was two weeks of straight rain. I know you don't know what rain is, but it rains
occasionally here.
It's two weeks of that. Which is insane. That's like your whole year's worth one month. It was record breaking rain and I couldn't believe it was, the ditches were constantly full was constantly wet. Uh Sometimes would overflow. Like we have a ditch out front and you can see it slowly creeping into the front door. Like imagine looking out and seeing like a pond in front of your house, that's what it would be. Sometimes touch the roads, cars were like it doesn't take much to lift a car up and people see like wet, you don't know how deep it is. So like when you live in a place that floods, they're always like, yeah don't don't trust that, don't go over there Because you might go in there and it's like 2" in your car is floating away because it flows immediately. Um So yeah, flooding sucks.
Yeah, like girls weather is is very like consistent, but you could use some rains every now and then. Yeah. What do you like to do in California? What's your bay area? That's expensive. What are you into? That's a that's a real pricey as the priciest, most f place to live. I feel like you got that in new york.
We like to heat. That's like some hispanic culture over there, to his love mexican food over there. So that's really cool.
There's not like a good like community that's sprouted up and you can go to get like authentic food, you know
that's a bummer.
You think that would be pretty popular there?
Yeah, I guess that makes sense. I had, I've never had like good rahman from like a nice ramen
shop or something. I haven't had any traditional ramen before, but like three places moved down recently from like, there's like one place from California, they opened up the place in Dallas and someplace from new york, like uh have like a couple of locations and it was actually this
after Covid started. So I was like, well, I'm not doing it now, but I'll check it out later. Can imagine like all these places opening up so many places opened up in the last year. I'm like, oh, that's great, it's a horrible time for that. But that I want to try some good rahman and I love, I love to try some good Robin. I uh I really enjoy my sushi rice. So I got like a little Zoe arushi thing. I was like, man, I've been missing out. Had that for years. But as soon as I got that I was like, I need some more traditional like asian food in my life, I think because there's nothing really like fast food places, a couple of mom and pop shops that I've tried here and there. But like there's no like I want to try some just from every now and then I'll see some cooking things like uh, just table or something. Had like a guy that was just all about Rome and, and I was like, I'm so jealous. I want to try some, we have text Mex so we probably have a lot of similar stuff. It's obviously similar stuff. We have a lot of mexican food, inspiration stuff here. So I love me some mexican food. I'm sure that stuff and plenty abundance over there.
I am like I play games, I play all kinds of games so I play everything um actually uh played on like I got like all the consoles now, not the new consoles. I do have a new Xbox, I played on pc. I played just about anything. The only thing I stay away from is I'm not really into like uh like simulation sports games, The Arcade Sports Games have played. It was not a lot of those, it was more like a 90s thing. Yeah, I played games for a while. I met my my fiance playing games online and uh and then she moved down so so yeah, video games pretty big part of my life.
we? Re pre ordered
that and we have two of them. So I got
us some expectations.
Yeah. Yeah. We uh we like it, it's good, it's nice because it's finally got my dream was like just get some SSD s into some consoles so we can really benefit from that. And now that they have like SSD they're like super snappy and you can go play some old games, I was playing um Black Desert, it's like an MMO and uh on console it's very active, there's something like strong initial load times and like the world streaming, like texture streaming is actually limited by the hard disk drive of those old consoles. So you'll have issues where popping is dramatic. But with the new consoles and SSD is streamed so much faster, so you're loaded into areas you're fast traveling fast traveling like fast. In fact it's like breaking some old games where expected fast travel and see like a loading screen,
read a tool tip for a bit, but it's like immediately sometimes for those older games and they just, you'll see bugs sometimes. Like there's a Witcher which is like, you know, which is like a big open world game. You
can fast travel around whenever you fast travel. It sends you there and lows so fast at the loading screen doesn't pop up. And you actually see like weird bug of like the character like sliding in the environment and like sitting in a spot and it's like it looks really awkward and jakey. It's kind of fun. But yeah, we play some new games and checking out classic Call of Duty right now. Actually we're playing some zombie mode. So yeah, we're playing a lot of different things right now. You said you play pc games, what do you play on pc or?
himself.
That's not, I don't know that. What's that?
No.
And
I
play
the,
I played RTs games. Yeah, I played uh some classic games. Um I really like Starcraft two when it came out and played that quite a bit. I try to direct people into that whenever I started getting more specific with like hero units is when I backed off, whenever you go from an army to like here's a dude and he's got five cool down abilities. Like that's like the delta aspect of that. I don't really get into, I really like command and conquer and Starcraft and I can't think of it. The other one, the other actual big one that kicked off everything. Um I really like those old school RTs games as those are fun. Except it's really competitive. RTs s are like extremely competitive. So I play Starcraft, I play against my ceiling and then I eventually get destroyed every other game.
So just go bought stop for a little bit or something. The Starcraft actually had a cooperative mode where you have like two bases or one base and you can like a I stop like stop. It is fun. Um
uh There's actually a console RTs game that came out that was a lot of fun. It was halo wars, it was all based on halo. So it was like they simplify some of the aspects of the base building and stuff but it has had all the big armies to control and stuff like that and it was a little simplified but now that was fun. Hadco up in it.
Great
hate
halo wars.
it is cool. I try to drag my friends into because I played it and I was like this guy coop come on there like what the hell I don't want to play this like no it's good, come on. So
whenever you play Co op you can both do anything. But what I ended up doing was I was I was like a housemaid. I just maintained the base spat out units and they went and attacked and stuff. I was just like set up some turds here. I set up defenses, defend the base, they went out intact is unique. Cool Co op experience. It was so fun. Yeah.
Halo wars wanted to is good. Good stuff.
Yeah. I believe it's on peace. I think halo wars, the first one came out on pc so you could probably check that out now.
it's cyber month. Dude, like every week there deals
they stretched it out to like two weeks where it's like the first week was like cyber and then the next week was the physical stores. Now it's the whole month walmart Target everything has like here's our month long special. I'm like dude chill out, it's gonna be a yearlong special. Um
Well since you're on pc I don't know how capable that your pc is. It sounds like you can definitely play some games. Have you ever looked into like game pass or anything like that?
No it's like um it's like a it is like a netflix kind of subscription but you download the games. Um
So
I'll give you access to like a lot of first party games on Pc and you'll get access to like gears and like halo and like four zone stuff. So you'll be able to check out a lot of new games for really cheap by just getting like the game pass subscription for Pc only. It's like $10 a month or something like that.
Yeah well you have Xbox game passing at pc game fast. Um There's like an addition that I have because I found everything and just It can include like the online service stuff is called ultimate like $15 a month. And you get pc get the Xbox game pass and you get like the Xbox live but you need to play online so it's like everything together. But for you if you only play on pc, you can just get the pc game pass and then you can just have access those games and the cross play to a lot of those games you can play with the council people if you have a council of friends and stuff. I have people that have been playing just on pc right now and I'm playing on consoles like Call of Duty Years for uh like all of these games are like cross play now so you can just play on pc with console people. So good time.
But that in like Yeah, yeah
that's life man, get yourself a lady friend and then it's like oh well then I I still have time and then you like you have like a baby and like I still have, I think I have to, you have no time. All my time is taken up. There's no free time anymore. Yeah,
but definitely check out that game pass. That's that's something that's like pretty good to check out some new games, especially we haven't been playing everything,
you'll they have like a streaming service where it is like stadia where you can stream out stuff so once that service goes live you can stream it out to your phone, well you can actually streaming out to your phone if you have it right now. But once it gets fully integrated, then you could do it have an android phone. You can stream out and place a place stuff without downloading, but you can download stuff on the pc. Just, you know, that's a big deal for you. Yeah, games. I can talk about games all day. Mhm,
Favorite game, I guess. Favorite game kind of what kind of feels like the game you played the most. Right? When I think about it, like games that influenced me or something. I have a few games. Don't know if I have a favorite game, my favorite games, but Streets of Rage definitely. Uh was one of the first games I played growing up that I was like, oh, this is cool. And it was a co op game. And so being an only child, I'd be playing by myself. And then my mom would be like, you want someone to play sweetie. And it sounds like the latest stuff ever. And it actually is, but it was like a really sweet like body when I was like, oh my God, I'm playing games with someone of course, like your friends come over or whatever and we play that. That was like a big game when I was growing up and it was like brutal and violent and it had like chicks and like uh like latex outfits and stuff with whips. It wasn't age appropriate at all for me. But I played it and I loved it. Um So that's like early influence and honestly it would be like probably Minecraft or something that's like my game that's
most influential. Now I played
my craft so much do, this is insane. I met like a two people that I keep in contact with now that we're good friends with them for like seven years. And I they really got to know the lady friend on Minecraft. We played on Minecraft. We didn't meet. We met on rest, which I don't know if you ever heard of. That's a nightmare game for Nightmare people. Most toxic game. Very played it is worse. But we met on that. But then we, you
know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We we took it to my craft and that's where I got to really talk to her and hang out and not worry about, you know, game influenced so much. So yeah, my crafts pretty good. I like Minecraft. I take people to Minecraft when I meet them. I'm like, you want to play some Minecraft. And then this is it's kind of a weird like social experiment almost because it's very creative and open to interpretation. There's no goals, there's a linear path in that game. It's like do what you want. So if they go off start building stuff, it's like my type of people. Great. So you got some creativity, you want to build a little house. Uh
It's fun.
All
call,
no, not PVP, I never do PVP and my craft. That's like and saying that's really really popular for like younger people I think not to bash on it if you love my great PVP or anything
but
uh no that's like a that's a different generation thing or something. I see service dedicated to it. That low PVP, I played to like create and build stuff and just live in that little survival world. It's not very hardcore survival world, but it's fun. You have an infinite world where you can just go gather stuff and build things. It's like open world lego it's it's nothing but creativity and imagination. That's fun.
I
love
that.
Yeah, there's this game on pc that's really hard core. It's not my craft, but it has a blocky aesthetic right now. And it's all physics base actually. So it's like uh man, it's this is really, you should look at it. It's
not really interesting. Um No, it's a let me get the name for you real fast. It's all physics space. It looks really pretty. It's actually so hard core uses like ray tracing and stuff that looks really cool and has all these fun physics like interactions and stuff. Um Again, we just blowed up real fast. Yeah.
Mm Got a goofy name too. Mm hmm.
Oh my God,
tear down. That's what it's called, Tear Down one Word. And it's like,
it's real puzzle base. It's not like I don't know. It just came to mind we said physics because there's no physics in the world of Minecraft. Everything just floats and stuff. But this is the exact opposite where like different uh different materials have different properties.
So like would would burn breaks are like harder to break down. You're trying to like uh as to this to like awkward to explain. But you're kind of like break yourself down making a path and then you run a run to like steal something. So you make the path and like you get like a little crane, you can knock the building down, it falls down. It's like, I don't know. It's really cool looking. You should check it out. It's like it's
kind of path,
like
progression. So
it's not really open. But that just seems like something
that games will take advantage of later on with the way the physics in the world and activity works. It just looks really cool. Mm But uh yeah,
I'm
full,
I
definitely
all
my
friends
and fiance, we all play games so it's like thing, we all hang out and play games together. Even her friend, she's got a couple of lady friends that play games in the, they'll play sims together and just talk or something. That's like the cool down thing. It's yeah,
we
were
looking forward
to some
things
I'm
very introverted, she's more outgoing. I was looking forward to checking out. Like we wanted to go to the state fair. Texas has a big state fair, right? And we're like, damn, I'm not gonna be able to do that. I took her to the first one
the first time last year and uh we have a lot of fun, we're looking forward to go into it again. But as it progressed were like all these things are going away, we're going to concerts and stuff, right, can't do any of this stuff anymore. But like I said, I'm introverted, so I just play games and I live a lot of friends online and honestly nothing really changed. I besides like work stuff that got complicated. Like I was working uh for a doctor and then I went to something closer. It was an amazon warehouse. I was like well this is consistent hours and Hazara and I was like, I'll just do that. I guess it was horrible. But uh the pandemic it when I was in the warehouse with people that are packed like sardines and I was like all we are doing this, we are doing this right now, we're gonna not gonna So yeah, it changed a lot of things
that way but like everyone I know is like online in some way and a lot of my good friends I've met playing online so we just keep doing our thing. They looked out. A lot of them ended up having uh work from home jobs and stuff so that was great for them. That was like perfect. It's like great. I'm a gamer, I work from home and then switch the input and I'm in a game playing games like yeah you don't have to worry about commute anymore. He just are there. Oh yeah. What about you? How did how did that affect you? We got a little bit of time left.
I got
a buddy. Listen Wisconsin
and
he
tells me about all the fun stuff of living in a cold ass areas. The yeah I never lived in a cold cold area so I don't really go through that. It snowed once. Everything. Yeah
when I went
to
visit
it was
but
I don't know
if I'm living there,
I love the cold but I don't know if I could deal with shoveling and ice and all that like Oh man.
No.
I
didn't prepare enough whenever I went to go visit her in pennsylvania and uh I had like three layers and it was like texas layers and I was like I should be good. We walked two blocks and I was going to be good to get to the store and I was like freezing my ass off. It's like too cold. Yeah. No it's it's real out there it's quiet but
when it snows and no one's out some weird quiet
eerie kind of feeling. It's kind of calm. That's also a theory. A little bit.
Yeah. Yeah you can't do
it.
I guess
it's
like you turn
inside
and
then you're just like we're looking outside the window and see like post apocalypse like you can't go out. Well our time is up if you want to keep going that's up to you. But I think we got our time in if you want to call it okay.
California guy,
Wildfire
survivor.
You're doing
it all right man. Well it's good talking to you. I hope you have a good day. You too.