Yeah. What? Sure, Church, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh Right, okay. Yes. And yeah,
yeah. Can you hear me? Oh, I can't hear you. Let's see. But you're on mute. Mm They want to check your volume or check your audio heard you for a second. Maybe try can you hear me thumbs up if you can hear me? Okay? Uh maybe try clicking on the link again. Uh Yeah,
I
can hear you
now. All right,
cool, cool. How's it going?
Good.
Where you calling from?
down here in florida.
It's nice. Nice speech weather. Lived here my whole life. I like it.
not
quite. You all got snow up there right now.
And for you, by the way,
True.
Pleasure. How many of these have you done?
It's
like # four. Yeah. Yeah. Fun little thing to do on the side.
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And uh just cool way. Just like talk to new interesting people.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think you're actually like allowed to do this uh pretty high number of times. I was talking to one guy.
Good.
I think you can do it like nine times. No. Yeah.
not bad. Yeah. How long you've been using the prolific site?
What's a user testing?
better.
Pretty good. What? Which?
I like it. Have you another good side if you haven't used it as amazon mechanical turk. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's uh how many, how many have you done? Any hits on it?
What?
Right, Right. Yeah, I got you. I got you. Um, you know, I'm just gonna say if you, if you like using prolific um, mechanical turk could be good just for um, I mean it's like primarily on weekdays. Once you get past like the 1st 100 hits, you do qualify for more like academic surveys. So yeah, similar surveys that you probably
would see on like prolific. I would say there's probably higher quantity like throughout the day and It'll be like, you know, 75 cents, 80 cents studies that take, you know like 7 to 8 minutes and just like do them quickly. Sometimes you do them like half the time and you know, you can do like, you know actually like 67 bucks in like a couple, a couple of minutes or whatever and pretty good. So yeah.
But
How long have I? Um
So like I I kind of just got into it. I think the beginning of like october um I was just like looking up different, I was going through Reddit and trying to find out, you know, what different options were available online for either like doing surveys or just like intelligence tasks that you know, you can like make some, you know, side money with. So it's about my close like two months now I guess. Yeah. Right. Um
Go ahead.
Actually
this is
what?
So you're kind of acting like a secret shopper for the Uh huh.
Okay. Okay. Cool. Yeah, it might be another worth checking out then. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
It's
weird living through history. Right.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. I mean I don't think anybody really anticipated Yeah. Seeing the world like it is now when they were at their new year's parties on the even 2020.
No.
Yeah. I mean it's been I would say that for me personally, it's been I think I'm in a fortunate position um I haven't really been impacted in a hugely negative way, but I know that you know much other people are worse off, so I'm I'm personally grateful and fortunate for how how things have turned out for For myself. Um but yeah,
so I mean, so if you're if you're 20, you know, odds are you probably like calling it from a university somewhere? Um uh So are you how how have things shifted our things uh more remote now or
like classes just up and running as usual? Uh
Shut up.
And
yeah, that would, yeah, definitely.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Are there any like restrictions in terms of like how many groups or how large groups students can gather in, or are they regulating that at all? Mm.
That
we
and
Yeah. Yeah. It's uh it's kind of a nightmare of a situation, really. Yeah,
wow. Yeah. No, totally. And you know, it's and it's crazy like when you look at some of the colleges that are going completely remote and then they're still charging like as much tuition and like,
existence,
You
Yeah. There isn't much you can do short of like actually organizing with everybody else in the program, like, all right, we're all going to pull out at the same time or something, you know? But, you know, that's not really,
it
is.
It's, yeah, it's that's and that's and that's a, you know, a crappy situation altogether when you legitimately have to do all the courses for the, for the, you know, your study course, whatever you're doing. Um Yeah, you're you're you're in a really tough position as far as that goes. Yeah.
hardly
at all. Like it's, I mean you you can go down certain streets and it almost things are operating like they're the pandemic isn't even happening. Um It's pretty unregulated in that respect. Yeah.
And you know, it's, I can kind of see where the, I guess the governor is, the big executor of all that and I could I can see the mindset behind letting things just kind of run free because we
depend so much on tourism that if we were
to really shut down and regulate things. Mm I can see our state budget kind of just going completely un completely in the red and we could like risk bankruptcy as a state. So yeah, I mean, and there was some, I think we've already also seen a big, big spike in the cases earlier in the year. So were you, while things are, you know, it's, it's, you know, a big question of whether it's right for things to kind of run free, there's, we've already kind of seeing the brunt of the damage. So it's like, all right, well might as well just let people do what they want out. I'm really kind of mixed on the subject.
Isn't
that
something?
Yeah. I mean
for sure like, I mean, I think like there's still like a high demand for like vacation resorts, beach resorts across the state. You still have decent traffic coming to places like Orlando Tampa um Miami even So yeah, I mean it's definitely kind of depressed like there isn't as much like travel, but it's still there and people are still kind of going like you know people are still like cabin fever elsewhere in the country and so people want to get away, people want to break, people want a vacation even with everything going on. So It's kind of, it's kind of maybe like 50% right now you know? Yeah.
Oh yeah that's for sure like uh on the up and up and uh people running rvs going across across country and like different trips and stuff like uh that was something I actually did kind of recently read an interview with my significant other and like the demand was insane with that. I mean because we went around like the Yellowstone area and everybody in the country is trying to do that right now you know going like hiking camping and what not. It is insane. Yeah. Yeah.
totally. Yeah. Well, you know, hopefully with uh you know, maybe like next 6-9 months if they can get like that this vaccine approval, maybe things will have
be back to to some sense of normalcy, you know.
Active
I think.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's crazy. It totally just like change is all like human interaction, you know? Yeah.
It sucks.
Um and
you know, and I would imagine to like they were probably even like more like, I mean you must have
encountered some really major changes if you're if you had any like background and you know theater prior to like going into your program now, it's like you can't really, you can't like practice could participate in productions or anything like you used to like, what
are you
doing
for that now or you'll you'll have like any productions that you're able to put on okay,
you know
this?
it's
fuck
Yeah, Uh huh that's hard.
Uh I work in a hospital um and yeah,
so
believe it or not, I actually, like the job openings went down with all of this because yeah,
because nobody was, so I work in the emergency department and nobody was going to the emergency room for like a couple of months, and because the patient
volumes were down so much, they were actually cutting jobs, like in the department. Yeah.
Yeah,
it
was really kind of like a yeah, it was an unanticipated consequence, like everybody I think, was anticipating a huge surge in volume after what we saw happening in new york, and like Italy, so what we didn't see initially was a huge spike in covid cases. But what we did see was that people who normally came in for things like, you know, heart attacks strokes, everything that went way down. Because everybody, so many people in the population were afraid of coming into the hospital, potentially catching covid getting sick from that. So you just end up with a big drop in patient volume across the board. And because of that, I mean, there some of the like staffing companies either went out of business
or they were about to go out of business and they had to cut cut jobs. So luckily that's kind
of bounced
back. But yeah, it's been, it's been interesting development. The volume was still kind of down across the board where I am. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. It's uh, it's it's been a crazy year say the lease. Yeah,
Yeah. Right. Uh And man and the unfortunate thing going forward is that the Statistically the risk of another pandemic happening in the next 10 years is actually pretty high. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully will be more well equipped to respond to it. But I mean like, I don't know if you saw like any of the news stories regarding like Denmark and uh there was actually like a covid mutation that was emerging in like the mink population. And they actually had to like
Thanks.
That's
just
So
this
is
so
There was one animal population that had a strain that while it had did not have the the ability currently to infect humans, it had a very high potential to jump species because they had to kill off pretty much the entire mink population that they were uh uh what's the word that they growing
basically, their livestock called that? Yeah.
Yeah. Who'd a thunk?
But that's that's where that's where they isolated it. And they were doing research on there, like, oh my gosh, we have to immediately just like kill off kill this mink population. But uh if this word, this word of gunpowder would totally for like all the vaccine progress for the year, we go back to square one. What?
but I think things are looking on the up and up though.
I mean in a lot of ways it's kind of like, it's like living through a period of history, like, like a like a like a major war in a way. Yeah.
And.
From
Yeah. Yeah. And ironically to it's still one of like the safest time to be alive, you know, in terms of standard
of living and like, you know, violence rates are at an all time low. I mean there are a lot of things to really be kind of fortunately excited about so,
but
And
It
Yeah. No. Yeah. It is wild, you know. Yeah. But um yeah, I think one probably one of the one of the really good things. I think one of the surprising things is that we actually do have the vaccine already like ready for FDA approval. Like that. That that is a really it's it's an achievement that deserves a nobel prize if it ends up really Halting the progression of this virus. Because literally almost every other vaccine in history is part 5-10 years of clinical trials.
Trust.
Yeah. I mean that's that's another question because meanwhile they probably have the technology available and the resources to distribute it throughout the population at a low cost. Getting everybody to take it in a timely manner. That's that's probably going to be like the real issue is really fostering that confidence across the population.
Thanks.
right. I mean and you I think the public perception of the polio vaccine was radically different at that time too because everybody knew and believed polio because it was such a it was a virus that touched so many people in the population. Everybody knew somebody who had required like an iron lung. People would see these facilities filled with iron lungs and they said oh my gosh this is a terrible virus. There wasn't any question of whether or not this was a real virus or whether the numbers were doctored. Nobody even questioned that because it was just self evident. Um Unfortunately
yeah, it's the way that news is disseminated and digested and you know, I guess polarized.
It's really I think one of the unfortunate unintended consequences I guess of the democratization of news information. Uh yeah. So yeah, I think that's going to be probably the really big challenge is just getting people to take the freaking thing. I think an interesting program that actually saw as someone kind of proposes Just offer everybody a $1,500 stimulus. if they want to receive the vaccine, Then it's no longer political issue. You say, Hey, you want a $1,500 stimulus check. Get the vaccine. No, no questions asked then
probably.
And that's always a problem. Right actually getting it approved. You know, that's
the idea of paper. What time are you now?
on.
you as well and stay well.
All