Hi
thank you. All right is this
working
now?
All right I can hear you.
I'm doing all right
how are you?
So I'm in Ohio where are you?
Oh florida how's that?
Really? That's all yeah it's not that it's not beach weather
up here.
Uh Not yet. Usually it doesn't start till like maybe december to like late. Oh I guess it's late november already. There's usually snow by now but there's not they all like ever get.
I'm true
nice to meet you.
Uh This is my second. How about
you?
Yeah it's cool. It's like nice. I feel like I can get like have a little extra spending money here and there.
Yeah it's always interesting to like meet people I never connect with otherwise I guess.
No.
Oh I was just talking to a guy who said he'd done a bunch to my last the first guy I talked to.
Oh really? It's pretty good.
I just actually um remember who but a friend recommended it. I've been using I well I still use it but I've been using user testing for like a year I guess. And then um someone also recommended prolific and I was like why not add it on?
It's um it's interesting. It's like kind of the same idea but like very different. It's uh you get screened out a lot because they don't have the like super intensive beginning questions. But you do a lot of product research I guess. But um we will send you to a website and you feel like give you certain tasks like oh we want you to find like you like your how your experience with the platform was And then like they pay uneven like $10 as per day. And like you qualify for a
lot less but you also but they usually just take any more from like 5 to 40 minutes and you get 10 bucks three. So
it's not bad. So yeah, that's why they're my side gigs.
think that one's just like, that was a lot less user friendly.
I've done
a couple, but I haven't really used it since I signed up. What? Like I'm a I'm a full time student. So I also um I don't have a ton of time. So like just the user, like the user experiences for prolific and user testing are just so much easier to figure out what I'm like, I do it in a like all check prolific while I'm taking a break from doing homework, you know?
Well,
people, yeah, I'm
not going to give that another look, but who knows, You know, how long have you been doing surveys and stuff?
yeah.
Mhm.
User testing everyone. I'd recommend you have to record your voice for all of them. So unlike something they want you to like camera too. But it's not that
I got paid $40
to buy
myself lunch at Ihop and tell them what like safety signs they had up on the windows. Yeah. Yeah. It's like sometimes like you like have to qualify for like qualified for like a free thing which I got 10 bucks for. And then they're like, we'll give you 30 bucks if you turn on your, if you like order a meal, turn on your camera and like basically give a review of like how the quality is. I'm sure it's cheaper than like actually sending employees to check on the stores.
It's like it really just depends on the difference that race. But I like using them to.
So how's your, how's
your year bed?
It really is. Like just all the things that like I'm I'm barely 20, like I've got all and there's all this crazy shit has happened
Oh yeah. So I remember like being news probably like talking to my friends and classmates who were like, yeah, 2020, new decade. Like because none of us were really aware of 2010 happening. Because like We're all 10 were like nine or 10. So now we're all like, yeah, new decade. Some people bring back the roaring twenties and then like, who knew what was gonna
happen?
yeah, same here.
Or
um My school went like a hybrid, like kind of a hybrid quarter class. But um like classic way of doing it I guess. But I am a theater student. So some of my classes like you just can't do online. So some of those have been like in person, but like we have our yoga mats set up six ft apart
so we can like make sure the way, make sure we're all and we're all wearing clear masks and like trying
to like maintain our distance and do what we can as like safely as possible. It's like, it's scary being at a university,
we're all managing hopefully things
get
better.
They they can't really, I guess because like I know some universities, like um whenever I live, all the students have to live on campus and they are being more heavily regulated. But like the students at the school, I go to live either live off campus or are commuters. So like you just can't,
like
once they leave campus
they can't regulate us. And like that sucks. But it's like, I don't know, you have your like group of people that you feel safe with and then like one of their roommates decides to go to a frat party and suddenly everyone's corn, right? There's only so much they can do.
It really is. I'm kind of glad I'm not on the organizational end of anything right now.
Yeah. We had a whole lake snafu this year because my voice lessons, I like meat with my voice teacher once a week and they're paying us and they're making us pay in person costs because they did lower the price of all the classes that were moved online. But
because it was listed as a hybrid, they're making it to pay full tuition. But when they like tried to fix it, when like my bones teacher tried to fix it and stuff, um
they were basically like, well you were supposed to tell us if you're going to be online by this day and on like when that date was like hers contract hadn't been confirmed to like there's really not much that new
even then classes were
required to take every
semester to graduate so it's just like
well we're managing how are things, are things being regulated in like down
in florida.
yeah.
Well
no.
Oh no it's especially the product
like
tourism
and stuff like there is not okay we're ready, are you getting tourists like
and?
Okay. Yeah that makes, I'm like because I don't know most people I know like aren't traveling right now, especially not like big reports and stuff but I know there's also been like a big uptick in interest like in the upper peninsula of michigan where people are renting houses and they feel safer doing like more secluded thing. I have a lot of people are like renting houses on the lake. Um
Honestly anything to get out these days.
Well,
yeah, I'm hoping honestly it's so, it's so hard just like not being able to even, I don't know like all be in class and I'll be doing something and then like something will
happen and like my friends
and I like you can't even like hug each other after something happens, you know? And like that's why we're so used to be able to doing after like something was emotionally training. We'd all like feel like okay, we just can't.
he
does. Yeah.
Why
look?
no
we
didn't,
we did
just not right now when the weather is bad, but the beginning of the year,
we did a production of Sunday in the Park with George that I was in and um we were we rehearsed with Mass entirely outside. We did the show with masks, all the actors like we didn't quite make six ft, we were like all spaced out, nobody touched during like the entire course of the show. Um audience came though, like people really enjoyed it, but they were like all like greenie and lawn chairs and sitting outside and it was, it's definitely
a very different experience. I also, I organized a cabaret that was like all outside. So like we had like big speakers and like a little platform for all the singers and like we also wore masks but people could
like drive up in their cars and like rolled out listen from there, so we've been trying to do stuff but it's really not the same.
Yeah, you were home like,
come
on.
really?
and
right.
He didn't think about where people just like less willing to risk a visit or like
was everyone
Four
now
it's,
That's the first thing
it really has, especially in medical, but that suddenly you'd be dealing with a pandemic.
I've heard, I heard that it has a
high chance of being
like
something that's going to evolve quickly. Like
in some of the
articles
and discussions
with the like people creating a vaccine that I've read, but I hadn't heard about like it happening in Denmark. It.
breathing.
Yeah. I didn't know Denmark had a large nique market, but
I'm,
that would be so scary. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm, I'm hopeful for the upcoming year would like knock on wood. I know I shouldn't say but you know, I'm just gonna hope for the best and do what I can, you know, like especially that it feels like something there's only so much you can do, you know, hoping for the best.
definitely. It's interesting. One of my like first like world news memories was like I was I one of the last like general, I'm
like one of the last like groups of Children who was alive for like 9 11 happening even though I don't remember it. And then like earliest like political memories was like Barack Obama being elected and like
now I'm here and I'm just like, what a time like what a time to be alive.
No.
Yeah, it's like, I don't know, it's like,
it's weird knowing that I like I have like I've been lucky I had a very safe like childhood like this and that. And then suddenly it's like
I feel like we're being like hit by all these historical events and all the news
and everything that's happening now,
No, it doesn't push this one through and then we'll have to figure out how they're gonna
disperse it I guess.
remember I remember goodness I can't speak. But I remember reading in like american history about like
how people like line up for the polo vaccine when that was just like looking at everything that was happening in the country was like that could not be us.
Themselves
polarize.
Yeah. I mean
You could you could help me with the vaccine for $1,500 if you wanted to like I don't know when people have to actually agree on a programme for that, though.
No, that's
I think we are. We've passed 25 minutes. So
yeah, it was great chatting with you. And yeah, I hope you have a great week rest of your weekend.
You
too. Bye.