SPEAKER_R: you can hear me? You know?
SPEAKER_L: Home
SPEAKER_R: Okay, Pizza. Uh there we go. Hey, How Are You 2? Sure. Yeah, I just want you to, we're doing well. Tell me is it where you're
SPEAKER_L: it's I'm from the baby
SPEAKER_R: You're from what?
SPEAKER_L: the area
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're from various. So these I have this is what my third time doing this. And then the last person that I had was also from the bay Area that they were from Oakland. But I live over here by southern California, but most people, but it's just just do very hot or very look. Yes. Yeah. It's like other by where there is a wildfire right now is where there's a farmer that I like to go buy peaches from. Not just pieces, but other, so this stuff right now you have teachers And he has some of the best features that ever tried. Still usually end up going in a recent year around this time people 500 teachers. And I don't think you're gonna be, I'm gonna be able to go this year to buy any of these teachers because I'm pretty sure he's evacuated and that's not gonna be a time organ release. So you know the wild players that are pretty crazy because there are a lot of this is much as well. Mhm. There are any wild fires over there isn't.
SPEAKER_L: Well there are there like
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: not close like they're like no like mirrors it's like there's a fire is like to the west into the north. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Because really knows a barrier that I've only been up there like once or twice. But like I don't really know how how rural, I'm sure that like towards the east is where there is all the internet you suffering great in court. It is yeah. Their campuses schools from anyone. Oh there's the older yesterday and this Stanislaus National Forest and just Eldorado National Park. Oh it was renowned for renos over. Oh that's where the tall is it? Oh well anyways I haven't really seen what it takes to africa. Yeah. What are you what just like here san Francisco here?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Because I've only like the yeah well we're gonna send physical like once. It was very interesting. There's a lot of people, there's a lot of traffic and there really wasn't much I mean there was much to do is just that we can't really find any part. Is that like sort of calm when you have, when you go to this year san Francisco if you go there often or do you not go there often at all?
SPEAKER_L: I don't go there is that cause an option it's like there but like so haven't I just go for fun but like having clean the water?
SPEAKER_R: But just imagine it being very expensive
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's probably very expensive bike rack and everything there.
SPEAKER_R: because I I mean I live close to the time like about an hour away and a lot of my friends and a lot of people that I know they don't really go to those senses. It surprised how we don't end up going to the city because they feel like it's two and safe or it's too offensive for them. Like it's not really it's a nice like have you been so sad? Please?
SPEAKER_L: Have you been to wear?
SPEAKER_R: Have you been to Los Angeles?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have right secretly is there? But like the atrocities hears nothing.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah there isn't much. Well I mean I guess there is something to the Los Angeles but I mean it's not much also Los Angeles. There's a lot more to do. Thank you if you want to go to the beach. All right. It's for the branch museums and example. Perfect. But what is it that you do?
SPEAKER_L: Um Can you say that again?
SPEAKER_R: What is it that you do?
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm a student
SPEAKER_R: So your city do you go to a public university or private one?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I go to Berkeley
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes a little Berkeley my friend. Well that's certainly one group. He told me that Berkeley is nice but there are a bunch of homeless before that and I'm not sure if you live in the toilet
SPEAKER_L: I do.
SPEAKER_R: the rooms aren't that big.
SPEAKER_L: Well I think it depends on which one you get.
SPEAKER_R: He got one of the older buildings and so I went inside his dorm room and it was just um probably the hassles your room right now and It has like four buckets.
SPEAKER_L: mhm some of them are that big. Mhm. Review
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: please school
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: are you still in school?
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm told well cool. I mean I should still be in school but a month for me Torrey studying.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I understand business administration
SPEAKER_R: Well that's exactly the same thing that I say it was boring.
SPEAKER_L: room
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you like it.
SPEAKER_L: I think I enjoy it. It's like I'm more going into finance and I think it's really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Let's see. I mean they see you're playing is just that I just need the decision that I wanted to go inside businesses administration but without thinking what actually went into because I mean it's just there's just a lot of different you can go into it but none of them really interested in. So that's why
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: they didn't really end up on through. But I mean what year are you in right now? Are you in your 1st and 2nd year?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in my third year,
SPEAKER_R: You're in your 30s? You
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: going into my 3rd year.
SPEAKER_R: wait. So then how is it going to work right now? Is are you just going to have a bunch of online classes there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have like was all classes haven't started yet, they're actually starting next week. So him, I have like a part time job on the side. My mom has a internship with already ended so I'm just getting ready for like online classes.
SPEAKER_R: With Do the four seats and be in the dorms while.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no classes
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: are like like we're all at home America,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: we don't have any campus like this were like for folks in us.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's a good thing because I mean I feel like they end up charging you but for the one
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we have to pay for tuition but we don't have to pay for bones.
SPEAKER_R: that's a different. But I mean there there's the bad thing about not living in the dances that you don't end up getting socialist because everyone I want to go busy. My friend like you would end up spending the whole time just playing ping pong. Yeah. Apparently very bad at it compared to everybody else there. But it was a lot of fun
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: like do you end up doing anything like do you do any extracurricular activities? You know?
SPEAKER_L: mm well I mean several concepts and then also has like that's what they tell me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, all that means really fun. We diamonds on as a bird. Right? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because I, the last time I played batman was when I was in Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I brag I'm like semi professional, just like I used to have I ever prayed for was a little so I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Places in, how competitive can a person be in baton? Are there like different needs?
SPEAKER_L: it's not very big in the US but like badminton and like Asia, it's like a huge sport. Like it's like one of the biggest vindication
SPEAKER_R: Right. Mm. I thought I would end up being able to
SPEAKER_L: and many table tennis is only like it's popular but not as popular as
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: bad.
SPEAKER_R: third time?
SPEAKER_L: It's just that people can this it's like more Westerns like it's easier to play because like you don't need much space and it's just like more fun. Anybody can play at their own home versus and you have to go to like the gym will play.
SPEAKER_R: you have to go to the gym. I mean really, it doesn't really seem like there's a big barrier of entry with that sport because all you really need is just a racket and then you can just set up a pretty
SPEAKER_L: Thank you
SPEAKER_R: much anything. And so do you really need to go to a gym?
SPEAKER_L: my mom. I think like honey, I like played off been for like forever. So like I
SPEAKER_R: so you
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: just used to be like conditioning and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah, because I mean really the only sport that I still play is just soccer
SPEAKER_L: reviews.
SPEAKER_R: because there's a person um like you know about talking.
SPEAKER_L: I know my soccer, but I'm not like super into it.
SPEAKER_R: well, I mean there's this really cheap enough, Really rich team was called 96 city. And they ended up building uh well they created a company, they ended up building different artificial fields around here in southern California.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: It was like 3, 3 or four different centers and so dark missile fields are really nice place. So that's where I go and I'm going to go put my friend. Yeah, but it's um the there are there are really other shape and the only vastly climate
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I see.
SPEAKER_R: because Bannon, is it a really intensive support?
SPEAKER_L: Um like it can be, it's just like most people, it's like amateurs. It's just like for fun persons like you can't really professionally since I've been very,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Are you
SPEAKER_L: it was like
SPEAKER_R: in a professionally
SPEAKER_L: uh huh. I used to play on nationally and junior but like no, I like I just play on my on breaking bad. Like
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I think they're like since the models like Before they were like when they actually played professionally and six Children they like or like national rank people like they also go to great this like our bed and then she was like, you know even
SPEAKER_R: Susan. How does it work in the United States? Like is there a professional elite or is there.
SPEAKER_L: um it is but it's just for like I was just feeling juniors just like, it's like how do we look like at the end of his school and then it just depends afterwards. Most people like most people decisions like
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: better, it just turns it's like recreation with them. Like most people don't pursue it professionals.
SPEAKER_R: These I imagine really the I don't see the only thing but like the highest professional level would probably be the olympics. Yeah. Because the, I don't even know how good to addiction. I'm pretty sure they get blown out of the water by the Argentine. What? Mhm. Mhm And I never really thought about it because I know there
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: they're like a bunch of other sports that have like their own personal things, but you don't really hear about unless you're really into like people who weren't playing with crops or writing or uh huh participants in general for people who go out and when they know something really big person countries. I just can't see myself. So I have absolutely no idea what goes into something like that. Right? Yeah. Come on recruit like how good would you say that you want
SPEAKER_L: mm. I would say my mind right
SPEAKER_R: compared to all the I mean would you call it a club or what we call it? Something else? Like what, what's happening there in Berkeley?
SPEAKER_L: mary Claude and I'm probably one of like look at us.
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: pursuit.
SPEAKER_L: whole place is the wrong.
SPEAKER_R: Is there a guy that you end up hating? Because he's he might be a little bit better than me.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I could sleep for like sometimes you're just proving better while sometimes ringing off the life. They're like varies.
SPEAKER_R: Well, because in high school ended up playing in the Tennessee and you need to have like a really good mentality because if you don't, if you're if you don't have the the mindset for it, then you end up getting the really awesome, you just get married. And then because you're only relying on yourself inviting you please single, repeatable.
SPEAKER_L: when I play boats
SPEAKER_R: You see both. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Kleenex
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Because is there a lot of space we do give you a bigger field if you play doubles? Or is it the same field?
SPEAKER_L: just listening
SPEAKER_R: That doesn't really seem like there's a lot of space enough for two people.
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: you think
SPEAKER_L: you have to learn how to like play together.
SPEAKER_R: he has a moving like, arming, I guess?
SPEAKER_L: You have to, it's like learning how movies. Like if one person goes to the front and the other person will be in the back. You have to learn how to like if then present a front shift to left. You should feel right.
SPEAKER_R: And do you have to go up or do you just stay back?
SPEAKER_L: No, it depends on the situation. Right?
SPEAKER_R: And then I guess it is a little bit like tennis and he's in Tennessee under the plane. Just doubled because I wasn't really good enough to placing these everybody intestinal screen. It's just a bunch of athletes. Mhm. Because the since it was really competitive And there are only three spots and so everybody was just out for themselves really socially. But yeah, it was just the one time. I mean if it's anything that can also imagine it's really fun,
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: he's the end up getting in ventura journal. Well, so wait, do you end up playing against other schools or do you just playing within yourself?
SPEAKER_L: We do like we do you see all of you verifying very very few seats.
SPEAKER_R: We shouldn't. What is the talking later? What is the top team right now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh very quickly.
SPEAKER_R: Was it briefly tell me because there are. Well um he's my friend. She ended up going you see your mind and well this is you can't really tell you what about you see today so I really know how to get there is what department but I would imagine that you see the team would also be really good. Do you have a lot of money? I'm not sure if you've ever been to the campus but it's pretty nice campus.
SPEAKER_L: Where did you say you went to school again
SPEAKER_R: Oh I just went to your to your feeling.
SPEAKER_L: well? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: These are split the 14. Mhm. That's nice. I mean it's pretty basic but it's the agriculture program is really big working like if you ever I'm not sure if you have been any seriously uh There's a let's go. There is the main campus and outside of the main campus there's one two three Three really big fields are about like two miles long. And so the thing about this er is that they're they study a lot of citrus plants
SPEAKER_L: Well just
SPEAKER_R: and so for so while at least when I was uh great in school they do you know a little bit of agriculture. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: they ended up splicing a bunch of different citrus trees and so they ended up doing a bunch of different mixtures of different situations for example or lemon
SPEAKER_L: written
SPEAKER_R: orange. We're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like a noise
SPEAKER_L: hybrids
SPEAKER_R: and rigor.
SPEAKER_L: of like
SPEAKER_R: but your high roots. Yeah and those are really cool. My period one was the orange and the lemon because it had the sweetness of an orange. Well would it taste a little limit
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh So I think sweet and sour.
SPEAKER_R: the grapefruit? And the orange was also good because he had the taste of the great food and the sweetness of the orange because the great food is really tired. That's hard I guess it's hard to get to work. They just don't really agree.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: suppose,
SPEAKER_L: sweet.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's not sweet. But if you slice slice the orange and the greek food, then it ended up being a little bit sweet. And that's why I was thinking about it. But it's just uh the event where they showed off those sort of hybrids was in this festival. That was called the or interesting something that every single year. But the thing is is that they sold alcohol in that festival and people got really drunk and they ended up finding a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: And so they ended up canceling the festival after like a couple of years. Because many people would just hide he brought it back last year. And guess what happened?
SPEAKER_L: happened again.
SPEAKER_R: They happen here until their cats. I mean they canceled it. Anyways, you can go after the pendant, but it's like something because I mean there are things to do around here, but there probably aren't as much as where you and so like a few things that we do have people in the parading and because do you want to just think, okay, these are not sure if you're like a big drinker, but yeah, it's just so Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I never knew like about all these like hybrids. How is he out?
SPEAKER_R: Like if you go to uh sensitive markets, I've started to see a hybrid of a plum and an apple.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm So we'll send the end of the mhm mhm
SPEAKER_R: Oh shit fucking in there. He was a plumbing apple or over the element of I forgot it was applying something. I'm pretty sure it's an apple. But I feel like in England was, it's pretty much the only happy that I've seen so to pop up, it's just that hybrids right now are just really not viable for mass production because um at least I don't think it is because they're still really early fields I think. But I mean I didn't I didn't really have any friends in that department, so I can't really tell you what like why? I think at least that's how I feel about it whenever it was talking with the people around them four, It's just a have you ever had like a hybrid flat?
SPEAKER_L: Or maybe I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: It's just mm do you like have you ever had a yellow watermelon?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah they have.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think of it like that, it's like you have a watermelon and you already have an idea of where you're going to get right and then you open it up and it's just something completely different. And then so you end up it ends up throwing you off a little bit. But then when you eat it, it turns out that maybe it's a little bit sweeter than what you thought it was going to be and maybe it takes a little bit different than what you thought it was interviews. So that's like the best type of analogy that I can make. I don't remember the last night you want. Do you have you seen a yellow watermelon recent year now?
SPEAKER_L: I like you didn't,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. You know we're in a very long time. I feel like that's actually hybrid but I don't know what the hybrid. Well it would be a hurried with
SPEAKER_L: I thought it was like natural, like I learned it was like a mutation or something in the watermelon.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that exploded because I mean it's just I would assume it's just a mutation with the color of the the first because I'm trying to think
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: of for uh
SPEAKER_L: But the yellow water knowing is much sweeter. It's like almost like funny Compared
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to her with a pink one.
SPEAKER_R: I do remember being lost myself. It's just that it's been so long that I don't really remember that. I just remember that it was just really cool because you just opened it up and it will feel and it's also very clear. I don't know if it's worth it because I know that in Japan they have like the square watermelon, they put the water runs inside the mold and it comes out of that square and they thought they,
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Japan and I had this memory for the novelty. Like it's not like it's not really any different. It's just like, I think if you just grew it, your family just both cool.
SPEAKER_R: but don't they also have like these really special Carnegie Mellon's that enjoys, they sell for like an extremely high prices. Have you had those right now?
SPEAKER_L: Mm. I honestly so. Oh yeah, I think you barry.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: She's figured out its new Bari king melon Might be what you 18,000 they're like or they're just like cantaloupes, but they kind of do,
SPEAKER_R: they're kind of and she
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: said, I don't know
SPEAKER_L: actually. It's like
SPEAKER_R: is that every personally I want a hybrid of a mango and people.
SPEAKER_L: hoping, interesting.
SPEAKER_R: So the, it would have, these are really like wrangling a really teaches. So I imagine that the hybrid of a man, you wanna creatures something that would be different. But I mean I could just get just mixing a mango and peach and you can find directions, you can flip it. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: This means I will be free to 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Uh we'll have anything. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you.