Home
it's I'm from the baby
the area
Well there are there like
not close like they're like no like mirrors it's like there's a fire is like to the west into the north. Mhm
Yeah I am
I don't go there is that cause an option it's like there but like so haven't I just go for fun but like having clean the water?
Yeah it's probably very expensive bike rack and everything there.
Have you been to wear?
Yeah I have right secretly is there? But like the atrocities hears nothing.
Um Can you say that again?
Well I'm a student
Yeah I go to Berkeley
I do.
Well I think it depends on which one you get.
mhm some of them are that big. Mhm. Review
please school
are you still in school?
Oh I understand business administration
room
I think I enjoy it. It's like I'm more going into finance and I think it's really interesting.
What
I'm in my third year,
I'm
going into my 3rd year.
Yeah, I have like was all classes haven't started yet, they're actually starting next week. So him, I have like a part time job on the side. My mom has a internship with already ended so I'm just getting ready for like online classes.
Oh no classes
are like like we're all at home America,
we don't have any campus like this were like for folks in us.
Yeah, we have to pay for tuition but we don't have to pay for bones.
well
mm well I mean several concepts and then also has like that's what they tell me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I brag I'm like semi professional, just like I used to have I ever prayed for was a little so I
it's not very big in the US but like badminton and like Asia, it's like a huge sport. Like it's like one of the biggest vindication
and many table tennis is only like it's popular but not as popular as
bad.
It's just that people can this it's like more Westerns like it's easier to play because like you don't need much space and it's just like more fun. Anybody can play at their own home versus and you have to go to like the gym will play.
Thank you
my mom. I think like honey, I like played off been for like forever. So like I
think
reviews.
I know my soccer, but I'm not like super into it.
What?
Mhm. I see.
Um like it can be, it's just like most people, it's like amateurs. It's just like for fun persons like you can't really professionally since I've been very,
it was like
uh huh. I used to play on nationally and junior but like no, I like I just play on my on breaking bad. Like
I think they're like since the models like Before they were like when they actually played professionally and six Children they like or like national rank people like they also go to great this like our bed and then she was like, you know even
um it is but it's just for like I was just feeling juniors just like, it's like how do we look like at the end of his school and then it just depends afterwards. Most people like most people decisions like
better, it just turns it's like recreation with them. Like most people don't pursue it professionals.
No.
mm. I would say my mind right
mary Claude and I'm probably one of like look at us.
This
whole place is the wrong.
Oh yeah, I could sleep for like sometimes you're just proving better while sometimes ringing off the life. They're like varies.
when I play boats
Kleenex
just listening
which
is,
you have to learn how to like play together.
You have to, it's like learning how movies. Like if one person goes to the front and the other person will be in the back. You have to learn how to like if then present a front shift to left. You should feel right.
No, it depends on the situation. Right?
it is.
We do like we do you see all of you verifying very very few seats.
Oh very quickly.
Where did you say you went to school again
well? Mhm
Well just
know.
written
like
hybrids
of like
Uh huh So I think sweet and sour.
But
not
sweet.
Well
happened again.
I never knew like about all these like hybrids. How is he out?
Mhm So we'll send the end of the mhm mhm
Or maybe I'm not sure.
Oh yeah they have.
I like you didn't,
I thought it was like natural, like I learned it was like a mutation or something in the watermelon.
Thanks.
But the yellow water knowing is much sweeter. It's like almost like funny Compared
to her with a pink one.
I've been to Japan and I had this memory for the novelty. Like it's not like it's not really any different. It's just like, I think if you just grew it, your family just both cool.
Mm. I honestly so. Oh yeah, I think you barry.
She's figured out its new Bari king melon Might be what you 18,000 they're like or they're just like cantaloupes, but they kind of do,
it's
actually. It's like
hoping, interesting.
This means I will be free to 25 minutes.
you.