you can hear me? You know?
Okay, Pizza. Uh there we go. Hey, How Are You 2? Sure. Yeah, I just want you to, we're doing well. Tell me is it where you're
You're from what?
Oh you're from various. So these I have this is what my third time doing this. And then the last person that I had was also from the bay Area that they were from Oakland. But I live over here by southern California, but most people, but it's just just do very hot or very look. Yes. Yeah. It's like other by where there is a wildfire right now is where there's a farmer that I like to go buy peaches from. Not just pieces, but other, so this stuff right now you have teachers And he has some of the best features that ever tried. Still usually end up going in a recent year around this time people 500 teachers. And I don't think you're gonna be, I'm gonna be able to go this year to buy any of these teachers because I'm pretty sure he's evacuated and that's not gonna be a time organ release. So you know the wild players that are pretty crazy because there are a lot of this is much as well. Mhm. There are any wild fires over there isn't.
It
Because really knows a barrier that I've only been up there like once or twice. But like I don't really know how how rural, I'm sure that like towards the east is where there is all the internet you suffering great in court. It is yeah. Their campuses schools from anyone. Oh there's the older yesterday and this Stanislaus National Forest and just Eldorado National Park. Oh it was renowned for renos over. Oh that's where the tall is it? Oh well anyways I haven't really seen what it takes to africa. Yeah. What are you what just like here san Francisco here?
Uh huh Because I've only like the yeah well we're gonna send physical like once. It was very interesting. There's a lot of people, there's a lot of traffic and there really wasn't much I mean there was much to do is just that we can't really find any part. Is that like sort of calm when you have, when you go to this year san Francisco if you go there often or do you not go there often at all?
But just imagine it being very expensive
because I I mean I live close to the time like about an hour away and a lot of my friends and a lot of people that I know they don't really go to those senses. It surprised how we don't end up going to the city because they feel like it's two and safe or it's too offensive for them. Like it's not really it's a nice like have you been so sad? Please?
Have you been to Los Angeles?
No. Yeah there isn't much. Well I mean I guess there is something to the Los Angeles but I mean it's not much also Los Angeles. There's a lot more to do. Thank you if you want to go to the beach. All right. It's for the branch museums and example. Perfect. But what is it that you do?
What is it that you do?
So your city do you go to a public university or private one?
Oh yes a little Berkeley my friend. Well that's certainly one group. He told me that Berkeley is nice but there are a bunch of homeless before that and I'm not sure if you live in the toilet
the rooms aren't that big.
He got one of the older buildings and so I went inside his dorm room and it was just um probably the hassles your room right now and It has like four buckets.
but
what?
No, I'm told well cool. I mean I should still be in school but a month for me Torrey studying.
Well that's exactly the same thing that I say it was boring.
I don't know if you like it.
Let's see. I mean they see you're playing is just that I just need the decision that I wanted to go inside businesses administration but without thinking what actually went into because I mean it's just there's just a lot of different you can go into it but none of them really interested in. So that's why
they didn't really end up on through. But I mean what year are you in right now? Are you in your 1st and 2nd year?
You're in your 30s? You
look
wait. So then how is it going to work right now? Is are you just going to have a bunch of online classes there?
With Do the four seats and be in the dorms while.
So.
So
I mean that's a good thing because I mean I feel like they end up charging you but for the one
that's a different. But I mean there there's the bad thing about not living in the dances that you don't end up getting socialist because everyone I want to go busy. My friend like you would end up spending the whole time just playing ping pong. Yeah. Apparently very bad at it compared to everybody else there. But it was a lot of fun
like do you end up doing anything like do you do any extracurricular activities? You know?
Yeah, all that means really fun. We diamonds on as a bird. Right? Yeah,
because I, the last time I played batman was when I was in Hi.
Yeah. Places in, how competitive can a person be in baton? Are there like different needs?
Right. Mm. I thought I would end up being able to
the
third time?
you have to go to the gym. I mean really, it doesn't really seem like there's a big barrier of entry with that sport because all you really need is just a racket and then you can just set up a pretty
much anything. And so do you really need to go to a gym?
so you
just used to be like conditioning and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah, because I mean really the only sport that I still play is just soccer
because there's a person um like you know about talking.
well, I mean there's this really cheap enough, Really rich team was called 96 city. And they ended up building uh well they created a company, they ended up building different artificial fields around here in southern California.
It was like 3, 3 or four different centers and so dark missile fields are really nice place. So that's where I go and I'm going to go put my friend. Yeah, but it's um the there are there are really other shape and the only vastly climate
because Bannon, is it a really intensive support?
Mhm. Are you
in a professionally
what?
Susan. How does it work in the United States? Like is there a professional elite or is there.
Two.
These I imagine really the I don't see the only thing but like the highest professional level would probably be the olympics. Yeah. Because the, I don't even know how good to addiction. I'm pretty sure they get blown out of the water by the Argentine. What? Mhm. Mhm And I never really thought about it because I know there
they're like a bunch of other sports that have like their own personal things, but you don't really hear about unless you're really into like people who weren't playing with crops or writing or uh huh participants in general for people who go out and when they know something really big person countries. I just can't see myself. So I have absolutely no idea what goes into something like that. Right? Yeah. Come on recruit like how good would you say that you want
compared to all the I mean would you call it a club or what we call it? Something else? Like what, what's happening there in Berkeley?
The
pursuit.
Is there a guy that you end up hating? Because he's he might be a little bit better than me.
Well, because in high school ended up playing in the Tennessee and you need to have like a really good mentality because if you don't, if you're if you don't have the the mindset for it, then you end up getting the really awesome, you just get married. And then because you're only relying on yourself inviting you please single, repeatable.
You see both. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Because is there a lot of space we do give you a bigger field if you play doubles? Or is it the same field?
That doesn't really seem like there's a lot of space enough for two people.
Do
you think
he has a moving like, arming, I guess?
And do you have to go up or do you just stay back?
And then I guess it is a little bit like tennis and he's in Tennessee under the plane. Just doubled because I wasn't really good enough to placing these everybody intestinal screen. It's just a bunch of athletes. Mhm. Because the since it was really competitive And there are only three spots and so everybody was just out for themselves really socially. But yeah, it was just the one time. I mean if it's anything that can also imagine it's really fun,
he's the end up getting in ventura journal. Well, so wait, do you end up playing against other schools or do you just playing within yourself?
We shouldn't. What is the talking later? What is the top team right now?
Was it briefly tell me because there are. Well um he's my friend. She ended up going you see your mind and well this is you can't really tell you what about you see today so I really know how to get there is what department but I would imagine that you see the team would also be really good. Do you have a lot of money? I'm not sure if you've ever been to the campus but it's pretty nice campus.
Oh I just went to your to your feeling.
These are split the 14. Mhm. That's nice. I mean it's pretty basic but it's the agriculture program is really big working like if you ever I'm not sure if you have been any seriously uh There's a let's go. There is the main campus and outside of the main campus there's one two three Three really big fields are about like two miles long. And so the thing about this er is that they're they study a lot of citrus plants
and so for so while at least when I was uh great in school they do you know a little bit of agriculture. Yeah
they ended up splicing a bunch of different citrus trees and so they ended up doing a bunch of different mixtures of different situations for example or lemon
orange. We're
like a noise
and rigor.
but your high roots. Yeah and those are really cool. My period one was the orange and the lemon because it had the sweetness of an orange. Well would it taste a little limit
the grapefruit? And the orange was also good because he had the taste of the great food and the sweetness of the orange because the great food is really tired. That's hard I guess it's hard to get to work. They just don't really agree.
Well
suppose,
yeah, it's not sweet. But if you slice slice the orange and the greek food, then it ended up being a little bit sweet. And that's why I was thinking about it. But it's just uh the event where they showed off those sort of hybrids was in this festival. That was called the or interesting something that every single year. But the thing is is that they sold alcohol in that festival and people got really drunk and they ended up finding a lot.
And so they ended up canceling the festival after like a couple of years. Because many people would just hide he brought it back last year. And guess what happened?
They happen here until their cats. I mean they canceled it. Anyways, you can go after the pendant, but it's like something because I mean there are things to do around here, but there probably aren't as much as where you and so like a few things that we do have people in the parading and because do you want to just think, okay, these are not sure if you're like a big drinker, but yeah, it's just so Mhm.
Like if you go to uh sensitive markets, I've started to see a hybrid of a plum and an apple.
Oh shit fucking in there. He was a plumbing apple or over the element of I forgot it was applying something. I'm pretty sure it's an apple. But I feel like in England was, it's pretty much the only happy that I've seen so to pop up, it's just that hybrids right now are just really not viable for mass production because um at least I don't think it is because they're still really early fields I think. But I mean I didn't I didn't really have any friends in that department, so I can't really tell you what like why? I think at least that's how I feel about it whenever it was talking with the people around them four, It's just a have you ever had like a hybrid flat?
It's just mm do you like have you ever had a yellow watermelon?
Yeah, I think of it like that, it's like you have a watermelon and you already have an idea of where you're going to get right and then you open it up and it's just something completely different. And then so you end up it ends up throwing you off a little bit. But then when you eat it, it turns out that maybe it's a little bit sweeter than what you thought it was going to be and maybe it takes a little bit different than what you thought it was interviews. So that's like the best type of analogy that I can make. I don't remember the last night you want. Do you have you seen a yellow watermelon recent year now?
Oh yeah. You know we're in a very long time. I feel like that's actually hybrid but I don't know what the hybrid. Well it would be a hurried with
Oh that exploded because I mean it's just I would assume it's just a mutation with the color of the the first because I'm trying to think
of for uh
Well
I do remember being lost myself. It's just that it's been so long that I don't really remember that. I just remember that it was just really cool because you just opened it up and it will feel and it's also very clear. I don't know if it's worth it because I know that in Japan they have like the square watermelon, they put the water runs inside the mold and it comes out of that square and they thought they,
but don't they also have like these really special Carnegie Mellon's that enjoys, they sell for like an extremely high prices. Have you had those right now?
What?
they're kind of and she
said, I don't know
is that every personally I want a hybrid of a mango and people.
So the, it would have, these are really like wrangling a really teaches. So I imagine that the hybrid of a man, you wanna creatures something that would be different. But I mean I could just get just mixing a mango and peach and you can find directions, you can flip it. Mm.
Oh yeah. Uh we'll have anything. Yeah,