they were fun. Are you wait a second. I'm sorry. Um, don't have tons of tabs open. Can you see me?
I can't. All right. Yeah, I don't, this is my work laptop. I don't use a whole
lot.
So, um, I didn't, I'm a little late. I didn't read the whole thing. I'm guessing we gotta talk about talk for 20 minutes kind of
quarterback.
About
whatever
we
want. Right,
I am a, I work for a large manufacturer. I do national accounts cells. So I call On the top 100 restaurants and hotels throughout the country. Nothing, nothing exciting. Yeah,
I've been in sales roles for a while. Um, you know, I work for Several large Fortune 500 companies and just move on as I get older. I'm bald now, so I'm 40. Uh, you know, I was getting older, you know, better opportunities would open. So this
one
freak. Oh, it was awesome. I'm traveling all the time seeing the country. Uh, now is um, I do
zoom
Where are you were part of town do you live in? You know what part of the country do you live?
I'm in Memphis.
I've been in Nashville hundreds of times thousands probably.
From even when I was a little kid, I mean I'm much older than you but when I was a kid we used to go to uh Opryland. Opryland was an amusement park and then
yeah they had rides, it was fun. I I don't know what happened and then work now. I used to go up there. I used to go up there once a week for work right? Uh Yeah last week I have kids and they were they were on fall break and we went to Gatlinburg which is in East Tennessee on
the way back. Yeah, we stopped in that state tonight, Nashville the way back, so.
Well it's a huge city. Um It looks One trillion times different than it looked 30 years ago. Shit, 10 years ago. I mean it's growing every people, I saw a number one time like x number of people move there every single day. It was crazy. Uh
Back 20 years. I'm 40, so 25 years ago. Memphis was bigger than Nashville. Population Wise.
It's just uh leadership went opposite and. Well, where'd you move from?
Well, tell me a city maybe.
Okay. I've been to roanoke. Uh huh.
Well maybe is that where VCU, is
that
drop
in?
Okay, that's right then then. Yeah.
Was
it called Longwood?
Yeah. I've never
heard
the full name. I like the east coast. Um Yeah. Pre Covid, I used to go to charlotte once a month business and I would drive all over north Carolina because I know that's different than Virginia, but I consider it east coast, man. It's beautiful. Yeah.
Yeah. That's a cool city.
Yeah. Not as low as Memphis.
Yeah. back in the day, 20 years ago, Greenwood was the, the rich place. Uh Greenwood and frankly, um,
franklin. Yeah. I mean times have changed. I mean going inside of Nashville where areas that you wouldn't dream of Dylan. I mean, I guess you would dream about it, but there'd be no reason to go and you go there today. It's just booming businesses, restaurants. It's crazy.
Good.
that's
And some, some big investors come in there and buy a ton of money and change it. Uh, you know,
good for them
I guess. Um,
And you, did you choose to move to Nashville or kind of work told you to
I,
How about
so vega bill? I know their endowment is just massive. Covid has affected everybody. Do they, did you all have to lay people off or because of the, your money did not as much?
that's good. I mean, I know Memphis doesn't have as many colleges as Nashville and shit
ton
of Nashville. Memphis has, you know the big one, University of Memphis. Then it has roads and christmas, small private ones. They have to uh a hbcu and across the board, every school, every university and moving what layoffs?
Uh I don't know, to what extent I'm not in the industry, but you know, I read the paper so yeah,
I'm cool.
It is Vanderbilt even offering on in person classes right now.
Uh, you know, so here's my, I used to be big into the news.
here's what happened. I would get on twitter, I'd get on wherever both sides were so negative, it was just it was affecting my attitude. Uh So honestly this sounds bad. I just stay out of, I mean if something major happens you know I'll see an update and I'll probably read I just stay out of it just because it creates a negative, I'm a positive, you know they will say a glass half full or half empty, I'm glass overflowing and like uh all this new I mean it was just affected my whole attitude so I had to stop
you
know it's it's it's all for what it is. I mean to me I mean well the news is not awful, it's the bickering back and forth from different viewpoints, you know what I mean?
Uh huh. Hey I lost you, are you back? You
said we're all very divided and then you lost it. So what you know?
Me too. So I kind of had this feeling, I don't know if I just invented this or I hope it's true, I feel like on November 5th November six and whatever the day after it was the election, the fourth,
the third, I kind of felt like I remember 4th 56, we're gonna have a ramp down period and then hopefully on the seventh we're all good. I mean back to, I mean we're always gonna have bigger and you're all bickering, you're always gonna have people different opinions no matter what, right? Yeah,
it's been so bad for me.
oh and I feel bad, you know, I don't experience some of the stuff, there's a lot of people are going through, luckily for me uh my view I can say, hey I'm gonna turn off the news, you know, I guess I have that privilege. Billy, whatever you wanna call it. But
So
yeah, I mean it's great. Yeah. Right. Yeah. How did you get hooked up with prolific?
Hey, good
money.
I've been on itself since quarantine. Uh, I love playing the lottery. My powerball is
scratched
it. Yeah. So I'm never gonna win, but I play it. And my wife, she's like, hey rico, You've got just stop, you know, you're not gonna win cause I go by $10, tickets. Well, pretty much every time I would go to the grocery store or gas station I would buy. And so I have young kids. I feel like I'm going to the grocery store daily. Not, not
doubt,
but before Covid definitely. So I would buy $5 you know? So anyway, so I found
this.
Yes I found this um Somehow I don't even know that I've been doing it every time I request to pay out a buy lottery tickets with it.
So
Yeah so I use this one and um There's one called D Scout. Um
So that that that's all at base and that pays really good like $50-$200 per session. The problem is you don't get, I mean you may get chose more than I do, but I've only done like five or six of them since quarantine. No, I mean still though he takes a couple hours and You know $200. You know, maybe if I got $200 a one. So maybe I wouldn't buy all lottery tickets. But
definitely when a prolific 15 or 17 I can assure
you I will be buying a lottery ticket.
Yeah, well it's not worth it. So uh just so you know, uh but you will probably be the type of person who would win in my opinion now basis not on any facts but based off of what I feel like happens every time somebody wins a jackpot. I feel like the hero. I hear. Yeah, I've only played it one time and I won the jackpot. So I'm like I said, I'm sure that's not factual, but that's what my brain says.
Well
let me just tell you don't
do it,
don't
play.
Yeah. I mean I love the game and stuff like that. I mean I'm not attached to it, but it's fun to me. I go into it knowing that You're not this casino in Las Vegas that's 90 billion ft high with flat screen TVs. It's not built off of uh you know, handing people money so I
so you almost have to view this entertainment otherwise you know I mean it's just not going to you may win every once a while but long term if you could decide to do it so and
I
even
know
that.
Yeah I mean that's kind of so if I were going to we don't have them here but like I'm traveling in las Vegas and we had one I'd say you know I'm only taking 203 whatever that number would be. I say I'm not going to take any more what happens is it's gone and I go straight today A. T. M. You know that's where they get you and myself control. Isn't that good? Just like last night we made Halloween cookies for my kids
and I'm pound I'm eating them like a maniac. I probably had seven of them Like um I said I'm not eating, I'm not going more than three and I'll just go back one at the time and get more. So
that's
I even talked to myself when we were making the cookies, I was like, you know, a rational person would not make the whole, what is that called? A log a role, you know how you bother?
But I was like I'll just go ahead and make it so there's zero left.
I mean I had a good time to eating them. Not necessarily decorated him because my kids are messy. I mean I got a five year old in 23 year olds.
Yeah, so I just cleaned up their mess basically. But the cookies were good.
That's
why
I'm all they are twins. Yes.
I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you um when they were born I couldn't imagine my wife for any mother dealing. I mean I'm a man, so I didn't have to carry them and do all that stuff with it, but I lived in the house and having to deal with them. It is a lot, that's me and I when I thought I did a lot probably didn't and I know I didn't do anywhere near as much as my wife did, You know? And like you're working on 3, 4 hours of sleep weeks at a time. It makes you um you're talking about the news making in a bad mood, you lack of sleep, can
it
affects
everything, you know? Uh And so I got to the point where I said um we have got, we have got to have somebody here during the day, we have to, so we hired a name. He wasn't a name, he was one of our friends daughter who was 18 Um and she spent that whole summer you know from 8-5 and just really helped. Uh
I don't know how like when I see these big families on tv or just walking through them anywhere you see like a family of like 5 to 7,
I used to never even like before I had kids ought to be like dang that's a lot of kids and that's all um now I look at them and be like how in the heck are they smiling right now because
you know it's crazy
I
should
You need to do what you want to do without having to think about I mean um I've never wanted them, it's just kind of happened and then when twins happened I was like this is not happening again because they won't I won't allow my body to happen.
So,
uh it's uh but
I mean they're here
now
and
I love, I'm glad I have them. But it changes. I mean it used to be like, So I'm 40. I had him late. I'm, 40 35, I guess I was 35 when I had my oldest, you know, So If I wanted to sleep until 10, get up and go eat pancakes, go back. No big deal.
Now.
There's a smidge of sunlight. I mean, just the smallest twinkle of sunlight in the, in the air. Kids are down there. Hey? What we're doing today? You know, it's,
and
I have no clue nonstop all day. No,
But
yeah, So anyway, what, what do you like doing for fun?
Hey,
I guess it's changed. But yeah.
So what is, what is the video game system these days that people play the most
or
is
that
computer
banks these days? I haven't played a little. I used to play all the time but it's been.
So
you can put a controller to the pc.
Uh huh. You can tell I've been out of it out of the game. I mean I
had a I had a PlayStation one whenever that came out in 98.
I loved it. I mean I played it when I say I played it, I played that thing. I mean all day every almost play the place they should one. I'm playing so much. I had to jump it upside down and to the left to get the thanks
to play.
Uh huh. My my my oldest son always asks about video games because I guess he hears people at school talking I guess. I don't know where he hears it. And um somewhere I have like an old Sega and I was going to try to find those um
if
he got into him. Yeah. So,
so
your
way younger than me? Do they, were you when you were growing up? Did they like second genesis was already gone, right.
Yes, you're
oh you did. So when you were playing video games, you're playing like good. I used to look at the second genesis. Alright, so first thing we had was an Atari. Then we got an intend to and then when Sega genesis came out, I said, oh my gosh, I don't know how anything can get better than this. And like you look at those pictures now and like, I think to myself, how the hell did I play that for 10 hours of the time?
I
played, I played him once. Well not with the controller, like on the computer. I found my buddies told me this thing. He's like you need to get you an emulator is and can download all the gang. He was uh so I was like really into it. I was like I was dead set on doing it, enjoy, I try to do and I was like
the
I want to like I would love to plug him. I just don't know that. I have to say yes. Somewhere in the attic. And it probably is superintendent. I'm almost positive that you probably just couldn't plug those into the T. V. Like you could back because you have to like they're not red yellow chords. Remember those three chords with a B.
Yeah
that's right. You have to like screw this thing in with a little nozzle into the back of a T. V.
You know I'm not sure because yeah you have direct tv by chance or cable box.
You're smart. So well where I was going with on the back of the box the receiver they have one of those that's the only place you would see it.
There you go. That's what it looks like. So I used to have to anyway so
and you had to put the TV on Channel four. It was weird. Um.
well dan uh looks like according to mine were about wrapping up. Not that I enjoyed talking to you but you know everybody scheduled let's see what
no You said 20 or 25.
Yeah so that's what I was thinking. 20 that's that's your
Well I watch a ton and I mean since quarantine a ton of T. V. Whether it's netflix or have pretty much every streaming service you can imagine literally
netflix we have all that crap. Then I found this website you can watch everything for free so I'm a thief now but I watch a lot. Um So I'm saying that to ask you do you and if you do you got any good suggestions because I love
to watch them.
I've
seen it a million. Yeah.
I'll check it out. I mean I find myself sometimes I'll sit there and whatever I'm watching won't even be good but it's just on and I
sit
there
yeah maybe I'll have my phone or something else. But yeah it's just on in the back
the hotel so well you,
Yeah well hey I enjoy talking. This is easy so um and um
so let me ask you I didn't like I said I was late so I didn't read all the instructions. Next all I gotta do is close this out and probably a question there. Right. You know?
I see.
Well good to hear you have a good week. Goodnight. We'll
see you