Okay can you see me?
It's
mine too. Yeah. Okay.
25
I think is how long it wants us to talk for um
here
let me
start
yeah about whatever we want. I think I'm gonna just start a timer so that we can make sure that we get there. Um Okay so I suppose the first question is what do you do for a living?
How did you end up in that?
that's
true.
It's a little
different. That's fair.
I live in Nashville Tennessee.
You're in Memphis. Oh that's funny. I wonder if that was intentional or not. I've never actually been to Memphis. Have you been to Nashville?
that makes sense.
no.
yes I'm familiar.
I've only been in Nashville for about a little over a year now so I don't know this today very well because I've only like half of that time has been post covid so I haven't gotten a lot of time to explore but
it's a massively growing say like it and
interesting.
I'm from Southwestern Virginia. Um Are you are you familiar with the area at all?
Roanoke?
it's a pretty small city so some people are familiar especially in this area but but it's not super well known.
VCU is in uh is in Richmond which
is
closer
to central Virginia.
Yeah I went to school about an hour from from B. C. I went along with university which if you're not familiar with Virginia you're probably not familiar with along
with
Longwood. It's
strange
neighborhood.
my my best friend lives in Raleigh. Uh
Yeah it's a really cool city. Um The the cost of living is a lot lower there too. So
that's fair. Nashville's expensive. When I first moved down here, I was pretty surprised at how expensive is. I actually live just outside Nashville in Brentwood. Um So I we even have lower cost of living here than national proper, which is lucky because it's expensive.
franklin.
I was told
that only a couple years back the gulch where they're building all of those like new apartment complexes. I was told that like you were you were told not to enter the gulch
because it was that rough.
no surprises
there.
Yeah I'm glad they're making money. Somebody ought to be.
So um I worked for a different institution completely before I moved to Nashville. What happened was my partner works in uh is studying to become a professional pilot. Um
So he was in Nashville, he's going to mps, you they have a pro pilot program. Um And so I uh you know, he needed to be down here and my job is very flexible. Um I work in higher education, so I moved down here um and I started working for Vanderbilt. I got the job before I moved, luckily. Um It's always scary to move without one, so I got the job before I moved and we found a place, it actually took us about a month to find a place here in Nashville that suited our needs. Um But
so we were able to sell
so I think that the question is, do they have to lay people off? And I think that the answer to that is probably no, like I think that the school certainly has the money to keep everybody on board. What they did instead was they offered an early retirement option for people who are late in their careers. So some of the people who are, who were a little older who were right on that edge of retirement just opted to take that option and they got like a bonus to the retirement to just right now. And I think that was their alternative to laying people off because I'm not aware of anybody who's been like, actually laid off
were covered
in them.
Now.
it was a big higher education in general has taken a big hit. I actually work in the office that manages the transition or manage the transition from in person classes to online classes. Um
So we saw a massive change over um sort of that march to maybe june period. Um It was a handful. All right,
yeah, so they have some in person classes and a lot of hybrid classes and then some classes that are being operated completely online. Um But yeah, they're offering some in person classes just very carefully. Um I think the Vanderbilt's numbers are still pretty good in terms of who's been infected so far. Um but I don't know if you heard there was like a 10,000 person concert uh this last like a week ago, maybe less than that in Nashville that was held without authorization. So we're looking forward to seeing those numbers come back.
That's fair. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
exhausting.
Yeah. It's we're all very divided right now and to some degree. I think that it's reasonable. I think that there are circumstances that cater to that.
hi.
All right. We still got Okay. So um so we're all pretty divided right now. Which I think in some cases is reasonable. Like I think there are circumstances that division is it just is what it's going to be but it's stressful like I'm tired more than anything. I am just so I just want the election to be over is really what it is for me. I wanted to be done.
The third.
Yeah.
We're also tired. Yeah.
I call it privilege. I have
a lot of it myself.
How did I get? So I don't even remember I signed up for this platform like four years ago, something like that like several years back and I didn't use it much when I first signed up but I'm also part of another platform called user testing which is like a user experience testing platform. Um And so I didn't do a lot of that with like Microsoft and Spotify
and
yeah so you make $10 per like uh screen recording test and those take like 10, 20 minutes usually. And then sometimes you do live conversations with a company that pay either 30 or $60 depending upon the duration. Um so they pay really well and it's a cool platform you just get to work on. Um but uh, but I, so when I was, when I started working with you for testing again, I was like, okay, well I remember this platform, let me check it out again. So I've been on this again for maybe two weeks, not for very long. What about you?
that's
so fun.
that's
there.
nickel
and diving yourself.
That's
so fun.
Not familiar with that one,
lexmark.
No,
absolutely. Yeah, that makes sense. I have only ever bought one lottery ticket my whole life, but the allure is there like I want to, but I also have such low confidence in my ability to win that. It's hard to convince myself that it's worried that.
I don't know. I would have to do some more research to determine just how fair that is. But
also
I,
for the
record
I think, yeah, I need to, I need to probably stay out of that. I've always been afraid to like go gambling and things like that because I don't know if I would get attached to it so I'm just gonna void again.
that's true.
I
feel
like
if
I were ever to, if I were ever to do it, I feel like I'd set aside maybe like a couple 100 or depending upon the circumstances, maybe a couple $1000 and say this is the money I'm gambling with and then not touch the rest of it. Like I feel like that's the only way I could permit myself to do so.
So fun.
Well it's not, it's like nickel and diming yourself out of money. It's the same concept. It's just, it's
easier because it's so accessible. It's right in front of you there.
like the role things. Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Hey, you know what, what did you have a good time?
Oh my goodness,
gosh! That must be exhausting though. That, that is a weight. So are they twins? The three
year
olds?
Oh my goodness, that sounds so exhausting.
Oh yeah, that'll
kill
you.
Absolutely. Why? Imagine that would be exhausting. So
oh my gosh!
Catch.
I have no idea. I have, I'm 24 years old for context um and I have no Children and I don't intend to have Children because they terrify me. They look like
such
a big responsibility and just I, you know, I need sleep and I need time to myself. How do you get those things?
that's
her.
I,
people
look
the same.
Nobody,
Yeah, it wasn't hurting anybody.
They have
so much energy. Where are they getting it from?
that's
exhausting.
Gosh, for fun. Before Covid are now,
that's the real question.
Cash. Um, so I mentioned that my partner is in college to become a pilot. So, um, that's one of the things that we bonded over actually initially was that we both love airplanes. So one of the things we do a lot of his plane spotting. Um, yeah, so we will go to the airport and we'll just sort of watch the planes and it's kind of calming and um and then uh personally I really like video games and things like dungeons and dragons. I would consider myself a pretty massive nerd. So
so system gosh in terms of like consoles I
would
say
that
this
no, see it depends on the category of people so I feel like within like be sort of young adults or like teenage boy range you're probably going to see most of them on Xbox but then it feels like like the switch like the hand hand held that Nintendo's got out is really accessible. So that was really popular. I play on pc mostly but I do also have a switch
and I love it. Uh huh.
Yeah you can be absolutely can.
absolutely.
It was one of the best consoles that was ever made though. The PS one and PS two were incredible.
my goodness,
A report thing.
that's so
fun.
Yeah, I love all the old consoles. They're not super supported on a lot of platforms anymore. But but I had I had a game cube and I had like all the all the older bulkier consoles, I had them when I was younger
and I
wish,
oh yeah he's gone. Yeah,
I did have.
Gosh, it sort of gives me a headache now. Have you played those old games like
anytime?
Set
up processes hard. They don't work properly when you first set them up. Yeah, they're kind of exhausting to get running properly.
Right
away. Hmm.
It's interesting. I don't remember that but I trust your memory.
We don't know your cable at all. I actually haven't ever in my adult life.
Oh gosh. Um what are those called? Our modem for our internet? Has that.
That's fun. You know I didn't I never knew that that's what they would use for those consoles. But I suppose it makes sense. It's one of the older sort of cable formats that.
Yeah. Yeah. I still remember I always lose the right channel. Like I would click a button on the remote and then I'll have to try and find my way back but I didn't understand what I was doing so it would take me 20 minutes. That's good.
Absolutely.
25. So we're currently at 23:30 according to the timer that I started.
Absolutely. Yeah.
Comcast.
Gone.
I so I don't have a great attention span when it comes to tv. I really latched onto youtube video videos as a format because they're shorter and easier to digest. But I love crime shims. Um Any any crime drama. So my favorite like probably ever was Criminal minds. Um Which is not underground at all. You've probably seen it if you're big
in the T. V.
but recently I've been watching a show on hulu Called Numbers. Um It's a similar style of crime drama except it's based around like a mathematician. Um And he uses math to solve like various FBI related problems. I think it's pretty good so far. It's not my favorite obviously but I would definitely recommend it you know.
it's
just
some what
background noise is always nice.
if you have anywhere to be we have reached 25 minutes so we can we can stop at any time.
Absolutely.
Yeah. So you should have that survey still open that you open the link
to and then there should be a button at the bottom that you can click to go to the next part. And then uh we can just close this. Take the survey. We should be thinking
I'm
having a good one. Bye.