I.
Mhm. Sorry, let
me
just address my volume.
Okay.
I think we're good. So a conversation for 25 minutes, let's
do
it.
Okay
so um where are you from?
I'm
like
so how did you end up in Kentucky then?
That?
Wait
so
did
you
uh my name is Danielle and I live in a very small town in pennsylvania close to the border of new york New Jersey.
I've been here my whole life, I did move away for a year to Amsterdam for my masters but I came back and I was gonna work here but you know now the job market is not looking so great so
work and organizational psychology career.
Yeah I really loved it and it worked out because I love traveling, I did a study abroad program when I was at Penn State and so it was very cheap for me to study there because I have dual citizenship with Germany. So it was the best year of my life and traveled so much.
Yeah. So I cannot do a PhD though, so perhaps to you.
I am.
Yeah, that's really good then. I'm glad it worked out. Okay.
What?
Is a school, How is it with the PhD now during the coronavirus?
Well,
I've been
I'm
in my
Sorry.
See
that
I
usually
like,
I agree.
There is,
it's
Yeah.
What
are you
doing nowadays? Yeah. So not much. I was applying like crazy for jobs. Um and then, and then I almost had one and then they're like, oh, uh yeah, sorry, because schools are shut down, we can't, we can't really hire anyone for this role, but you know once it's over we'd like to meet you, so um
I
mean
there
are
that's the thing like there there are companies that are looking for employees right now, but I'm trying to go more into, you know corporate jobs like from marketing to organizational development of human resources, so a lot of positions like that I feel like aren't really looking uh for people, so I'm just kind of focusing on myself and trying to take, it's kind of hard, you know, not being able to go out and things like that, but it's important to keep like take care of yourself as well, so that's why I'm just you know I'm reading more, I'm practicing more my german language skills which I need to do
and just yeah just uh doing cleaning up around the house, just things to maintain my sanity. Yeah
Well
what is what is that like then? I've never heard of that.
they
no.
Perfect.
So
there
on
And
so
that
was
like
well
find her
and
wow.
I didn't think of that but I feel like a lot of people and I've spoken to people too because when you tell them you're studying psychology they just assume like counseling or mental health or something
and it's it's a lot of people don't realize how much of psychology needs to be implemented more in businesses and um that's my internship was it was like uh in change management which
helps
like yeah like psychologically I mean people can do a change but how do you get them to stick with it and how
do you help their emotions through that process? Like all of this is so important for helping businesses succeed?
I agree.
Graham
calling.
Yeah, that's how I felt because I
was I was undecided for a while. Um and then like I was almost the end of my second year in college and they're like okay, you have to pick a major now. Uh Oops, yeah,
but
I had taken the psychology course and I and I spoke to the professor I had and then I spoke because I took an economics course, I really like that, so I wanted to implement something with both psychology and business, so that's how I kind of got into that, but like, like you said, I mean you can take a mix of classes in undergrad, but finally, when you get into the specifics like in graduate school, like where you're using everything together, it is
so much more beneficial and makes sense.
I have no idea. I it was so tough because I ended up, I decided to come back and I don't know, I didn't know whether to stay or not and it was only a year master program and everything was so condensed, you had your courses and then you were doing your thesis during your internship, so it was a lot of work and um I don't know, I was just like I think I want to go back to the States, figure it out and then maybe I'll go back for like a trainee ship program or something. Um And everyone in my program stayed in Amsterdam and has a nice job, so I don't know if I made the right decision. Yeah.
Yeah. so I just, I don't know, I don't know if I don't think traveling is gonna be the same for a while, so I probably will have to get a job here then maybe one day I'll go back for a little bit, but um I would live probably again maybe for a few years anywhere in europe um but I think toward the end of my life I want to be towards home in the US. Yeah,
yeah, my parents immigrated to the US in their twenties and then they met here and so they've been here as well and they don't plan to go back to europe, so all their
families are there,
those
my mom's from Germany, so that's why I have the german citizenship and my dad's from Poland, so
yeah, so um I kind of grew up with different cultures and I'm kind of mad because I didn't speak fluently with me as a baby or child so I don't know much but I'm
working german, I know a little bit so I'm working on it.
is impossible, it's very difficult but the food, there's a lot of celebrities like with the meats and stuff, they serve the meat dishes, so yeah they have a restaurant, so I've been helping with that, yeah,
help
the glass
guys,
so like northern europe to uh
yeah, it's pretty easy to travel there and it's cheaper than northern europe, that's for sure
well as the, I don't know now but they have budget airlines which traveling I would like fly on the weekends like when I was living in Amsterdam to visit my family in Germany was like €80 you know round trip or so. So
it's
it
and we did that when I moved to Amsterdam my dad helped move me in so we flew to Poland to see his family and then came back after the weekend so it's so easy to just go anywhere for the weekend or something.
that's one thing I miss the convenience of traveling because in the US it's so hard and expensive
if
you
don't
you
have asked
for land,
it has a couple
stop.
Oh wow! I thought they would have more public transportation. New
Orleans.
Well
parents
are there.
Both my
sister
uh so eventually you will have to make your way there
pretty
for
yeah, no it's it's hard I agree and you want to do your own thing and it's nice to be away as well, but at the end of the day you just I don't know there's that constant fear like if anything happens and life so short and you want to see them. Yeah it's difficult.
I have his sister, yeah, she's older than me husband and and
um Yeah she's pretty much Oh are you still there? Okay, I don't see you.
I
hear you. Okay.
Okay, well the mic is still working.
Here
it's mine mm Okay well it's OK so far. Um
uh Yeah she's
pretty
much lived to you okay. Uh but she moved to michigan for law school and she just came back not that long ago. So now we're all living together again, it's great
feed
it,
Gonna
be
there.
Bye.
brother.
to help balance it out. Okay, now I see you
yeah
Well you never know, I mean
now
who
knows?
City
I
mean it's
jeez
I
mean
all
set
up,
you take that race in California too
But
that's kind of how I lived my whole life too because there's a lake bias and then I was in Amsterdam and there's canals and then I during my study abroad program I was on a ship so I've just always been around water, I feel like it's it's
of course
no
that
yeah so I was like you I always wanted to study abroad and because my family in Germany I thought I was going to end up there um And then we had a customer come into my parents restaurant and their daughter went to semester at sea, I never heard of it like what is this? I looked at the price and like okay never mind. Um and then I don't know a few months later I just like I don't know it was the end of my sophomore year, I wish I went earlier like you said, but um I just decided to apply and I actually got a lot of financial aid and scholarships
so
and I took like the cheapest cabin whenever so I was able to go somehow and it was amazing and it I was able to work it out with like my graduation, it was the beginning of my junior year, so it was kind of the courses I needed but it worked out because the courses were through Colorado State University, So I took
psychology and it worked out um And so yeah, I went in the fall and I ended up leaving two weeks early. I met a few other students I have never met and we we backpacked a few cities in europe and then we docked in Germany, we went to Greece italy spain and then down to Morocco Senegal, across the equator to south America, went to brazil Ecuador. Um I'm already forgetting places and then up to Costa rica and then we ended in san Diego and then I flew back to the U. S. Like right before christmas and it was it was so worth it and I just tell everybody about it and then especially if they're like a freshman or sophomore, I suggest to like go right away. It was so great.
That was 2016.
Yeah, I miss it. I don't think there's like a day that goes by where I just don't think about it, like some people from it or just some random experience I had or just just, I just miss living on the ship, it was great. So
it is, so my mom is a chef, she knows all this german food of course from Germany, so she cooks mainly german food, however we have other european dishes and my dad does some barbecue as well.
dairy. Yeager, The
Hunter,
society
here,
So
I was gonna say were you forced to it too nice, but
so you
understand.
paris,
that's why I kind of don't mind right now, that was shut down because it's like, it was just every weekend would be so late and uh and I mean now you can finally catch up, you know, reorganize things and it's so it's kind of nice, but
it's
I feel bad too because they are like, wow, our kids are never going to take this over and they get sad about it, but I'm like like you guys see how much it is and how much work it is and you know, you helped us get through college for a reason like, so we don't have to work like this, so
that's nice. I said that though,
that's the polar side of my family, they're very strict,
so great advice.
that's good.
Yeah,
no, I I understand my, my german family, they're not too strict, but my, my polish side, my grandma's like that she just wants me to put your lawyer now too because my sister is that law school like. No it's fine.
Just take a
mediocre job.
bobby.
I'm so sorry.
it might again
well
no I didn't want you for some reason I can't do Skype call it like anything with video. I thought it would be okay but it's still crashed. Oh my God.
I hope it. I hope I didn't want you to not
get
it,
but I
felt
bad.
I can't help.
wow. I'm surprised held
in that long. Honestly
I should have warned
you.
Yeah honestly this went better
than
I thought.
that was
Yeah
and then we just I don't know. Yeah, different like areas we went
into but sort of similar paths.
It's
Yeah. You too. I'm really
sorry about
that again
but
I'm glad used to be and I think it's fine. Uh All right. Maybe I'll see you later in life.