Yeah. Hello? Hello? Yeah. Think. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Two. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Going Okay. Mhm. I was going to move right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Go ahead. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Oh okay. Strong. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. People. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Quick. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It Oh. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. As well. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If yeah. If Mhm Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh get thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Sure.
Hi.
That
was
me too. Yeah. Yeah
sure.
We
can do
it. Uh
huh.
I
live
in Lexington Kentucky right now. My name is jenny and I was actually born and raised in New Orleans. Yeah.
Yeah I actually went back to
school to get my PhD and accounting. What about
you?
Where
do
you live and what's your name?
Cool on all. Yeah. Where were you born and raised?
What did you get your master then?
that's so cool.
So awesome.
That's what I thought after I like graduated got my masters in accounting and I sat for my C. P. A. Exam and I was like I am
never going back to school again but I just realized that I love teaching. Um So that's really what brought me back but like the good thing is is because I love traveling as well and so like I'm presenting my research and a lot of conferences and so like I've never traveled this much in my life like and it's been around the U. S. But like there are some like conferences abroad that like universities will pay for. So I totally get you on the traveling.
so it's exciting. I
graduate in May 2021. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
I feel
lucky because for me um I'm in
my dissertation
phase so I'm not going to any classes or anything like that and so I'm just working on my papers and projects and I can do that
anywhere. So I've been working from home which has been I mean I usually can't concentrate that well at home but like I've made it
happen
so it's been fine because I usually
like
working
at the office or at a coffee shop or something like that. Uh
Yeah and I'm not teaching this semester so
my office made my friend who is teaching,
you know, you have to put all of it online so that's been a little difficult for him. Yeah.
So
what are you doing
nowadays?
So
what
kind
of
job are you applying for?
That's
Yes. Yeah. I feel like organizational psychology is so important and like I mean I feel like most companies don't realize how important it is and it's so that I could see that kind of being like annoying when like you don't see companies like have like a perfect role for
you or something like that. But um so I think that's really cool because it is my area of research is also psychology based but it's in the accounting world. So. Yeah.
Yeah, so one of the projects that my office mate and I are working on is how emotional intelligence is important for auditors because a lot of audit firms don't really value or think about like emotional intelligence in the sense that like they just want auditors who have a base level of like accounting knowledge
but like knowing
how to understand how you feel, sense how other people feel and then use emotions to achieve that goal of like a clean audit or like whatever their task is is like really important. And like we realized that was so important because we both worked in the accounting and audit world and I mean you're working like 80 hour weeks, you see
your colleagues like more hours than you actually see your own family. And so there have
been
like a lot of tense
situations where like I feel like if I would have known about emotional intelligence and how to handle my own emotions, I wouldn't have been in those conflicts. Um And so
that's
what we're
studying
is like
we're trying to develop a scale
to measure
and auditors emotional intelligence
and whether like auditors who score low on that scale, you know react differently to stressful situations than people are auditors who have higher emotional intelligence. And then a follow up study we want to do is like because this is a skill set, it's not like an innate characteristics. So you can actually train people to help increase their emotional intelligence. And so we want to bring those low guy auditors train them and then see if we can get them to be in a better spot. Right?
Really? Just seems not really funny.
What?
I
don't know. God
that.
Yeah. I think I really think that people should in college be forced to take a psychology course.
Because I mean, I didn't really, I took a side course in high school, but like during college, I didn't really take any site courses. But like in the PhD program, all
I'm
taking our stats courses because you know how to actually like rather statistics and just psychology, graduate level courses. And like, I've honestly, I hated like call it like undergrad. And I like struggled during the Master's program because I just felt like, oh my gosh, I'm taking these classes. But like during the PhD program, it's been so awesome because all the classes that I'm taking, I feel like this is everything that I'm going to use in the future and the site courses are just so interesting. So
it's been fun.
Mm hmm.
That's,
No.
Yeah. So do you want to live in the States or do you want to live like in europe?
yeah. I mean you'll get there 100%
Is your family also obviously in the same city you're in now, right? Yeah.
Where,
where
did they we immigrant from?
it's so cool.
gonna
it's so funny. Yeah. Like whenever I hear german and polish, it sounds like a little bit similar. But I don't know. I bet you can tell the difference. Yeah.
Yeah, like my, so I recently got married, so my husband and
I
thank you. At the end of my program, we were planning a 2.5 month trip to europe. So like
we were planning on starting in spain and then like we were going to go, we are going to go like through Germany and then up to like Amsterdam um I don't think we're gonna get to go to Poland because it's too far east. I think our path because his dad is Norwegian so we're going to spend a lot of time and like Sweden and Norway that.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So but yeah we're excited to see that part of the world. Um and see Amsterdam which you lived in so.
Yeah well like everything is connected by train or. Yeah so like it's like you don't have to really drive which is nice so.
my
gosh
now.
That's so cool. Yeah
it's like if you
don't
have
a car, I feel like in some like in Lexington Kentucky if you don't have a car like it would be so difficult to get around but like obviously for like the bigger cities like new york and L. A. It's fine. But like even back
home
in new Orleans
like if you didn't have
like you were kind of stuck
in your neighborhood really so.
New Orleans,
public transportation is so bad.
Uh huh. But I would love to move back there just because like my parents
are they're
my sisters there and then like my brother who lives in D. C. Like he would move back to new Orleans if both my brother and sister both my sister
and
I were there. So.
Yes. Yeah. Like I'm hoping
like my first placement
like at a university after I graduate would be new Orleans but like I'm not holding my breath so. Yeah. But it would be so nice in your family.
Um Do you have brothers or sisters?
Does she live in pennsylvania?
Oh you know uh I see
you.
no, I see you.
That's so weird.
Maybe my internet I mean.
Okay.
Thank
you.
Oh that's so nice. Good. I know. It's
like
I want I could not um see my parents everyday because I would go crazy but like I do want to be
there
to
help them like whenever they get older and stuff like that and I know that I can't do it alone so like
I need my brother and sister
to be there to help.
So good. Right. Oh. But yeah it's like because like my husband and I were talking about like California or like west coast just someplace more like outdoorsy would be so awesome but
it's so far away from family so. Yeah. But
I know,
I know because
like
my brother was saying like he's like, do we all really want to live in New Orleans? Like think about it. Like if like the city
is, I mean it's
already
underwater basically. Like it's below like the water line. So like
yeah, there's this point. I mean and it's all we've always known, like the city of New Orleans is built like almost like at the bottom of the bowl. Like there's this sport in downtown new Orleans where you stand on this like levy and you look to the left and you see the water and then you look to the right and you see that the city is literally below the water line. And so it's like my brother is like, yeah, he's like eventually it's going to be underwater. He's like, I don't know if it's going to be obviously like 100 or 200 years years, who knows? So he
was
like really want to all set
up
in new
Orleans.
I know, that's true. Yeah, but
have you so nice to just be near the water? But we yeah, because like my husband is from nova Scotia Canada and so that's like just east of main, but it's like island type thing. So he was always by the water and he really liked it. Mhm.
did you do this Master at scene? That is so cool. That's like the one thing I regret whenever I was Grete is like I never studied abroad. Uh huh. But like my parents like we always went to Taiwan like
every couple of years or so because that's where all of our family is. But like yeah, like an undergrad, like the majority of the students at my university would study abroad, but like I just never did and like because if I did then I would have had to graduate a semester later or something like that, it's like I had to take like certain courses to graduate on time with an accounting degree and like the accounting courses overseas follow different standards so I couldn't take,
right? I know it's so sad, but so
where do you go for semester abroad or at sea?
I was
dead.
my
What year did you do all of this?
Oh my god, that's so cool.
some of your parents in a restaurant, what kind of restaurant?
what's the name of it?
It's not
german, my
parents
used to own a restaurant in memory which is a suburb of New Orleans. So yeah, it was
like a chinese slash chinese restaurant. And like my brother, sister and I used to work there.
I'm like,
we
went because we would always work there friday and saturday nights. But like in hindsight, like, you know, because like your parents are at the restaurant all day so like you don't really get to see them. So like in hindsight that was like us spending time with our parents.
But like, I mean because restaurant hours are really long. Oh
It's like it's so
stressful to own a business. And so that's why I like after seeing what my parents did, like I was like, I never want to own my own business. Oh.
Yeah. 100% My parents, we're like if y'all are not taking over the restaurant there like we did this just like as a means to an end. Like 100% you're not doing this like go on and do like having your life. I mean.
Yeah. Like and so therefore we like felt guilty if we did anything less. Because like they were like the stereotypical like very strict asian parents were like literally it was like three occupational options. And
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so it was like
I can only choose out of doctor lawyer or C. P. A. And I was like and I don't want to be a doctor because I thought it was like too hard. So I was like I'll just do the easiest of three. I'll be a C. P. A. An accountant.
Yeah. And then my brother and sister are both like medical doctors. So it's like yeah
mm
old
people
are so hard working and like they're very because like my husband who is a hand therapist, like an occupational therapist, one of his good friends who he works with is also polish and you're so frugal. Like so funny because like when we go to restaurants and like we don't finish something we're like I was just a little bit left. He's like I'll take it like and he was like so hard working. Like I mean he's a full time hand therapist but he's always like doing side jobs
and like and stuff like that. It's like super close with his family in Chicago. So it's so funny. Mm. Oh yeah. Mhm. I don't know if you can hear me but your video paused. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah wow. Yeah I want. Hello? Hello? Hello? Mm Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah
I was like oh no I I
I don't want you to think that I hung
up on you.
But I do think I think we are at the 25 minute mark or past so
I
think
no
I think
we're
good because like
I think like it's shut off right at like 26 minutes so I think we're good. Oh. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah
it
was so
good
talking to you.
I
know
and I can't believe how much we have in common, especially our parents both
owned restaurants. Mm.
Uh huh.
I know.
good luck with everything
was so nice meeting you Danielle.
No
not
at all.
Take your
maybe in Amsterdam bye.