Mhm. Yeah, maybe. Hello? Uh I think it might it might be me. I can't hear you. I'm not sure. Mhm. Yeah, You're my con hey. Yeah, I still can't hear you. Um I know that my mic is working because it sounds like you can hear me and my audio is working. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No, I still can't. That's all right. Um I'll wait if you want to it might maybe you want to refresh your browser or restart a computer real quick. I'll wait a couple minutes. There's no problem. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. No. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Right, Okay. Mhm. But, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Hi, now I can hear you. Oh yes, we're good. All right.
Hi.
No
problem.
So you had a lot going on. Yeah,
that's good. Well, my name is ted, what's your name?
Tyler. Great. Where
you from?
All right. You
don't sound
like you're from, you don't sound like you're from south Carolina.
That's
cool. So currently I'm in Baltimore uh sort of Baltimore, white marsh Maryland. It's right, it's right near Baltimore. Um but I've been sort of all around recently. Um mostly is like a digital Nomad traveling stuff. Um
but then in february, I came back from Panama. I was living in Panama because of the coronavirus. So my sister lives right near here. I'm not living with her, I got my own flat temporarily waiting to go back. So what about?
So
yeah, so I work for a digital agency based out of new york um and it's here and their work. So it's um mainly we focus on helping companies with their uh their training materials. Uh huh. It's sort of like internal um employee compliance stuff and it's but it's here and there, so it's bodywork which is fine if you're traveling because especially in South America because you know, the wages are so deep there,
so. Yeah. Yeah. What about yourself?
You just
and
on the
ground that was great. Yeah.
The tune
a lot of
I couldn't see what happened because my face is in the corner of the screen,
so
I just saw that something
happens.
You play guitar?
That's
What type of music
do I
know? I I've tried to play the guitar, I play the piano. I've tried to play the guitar
in the past, but I just I don't know. I think it's because once you learn one instrument I played, I played the piano in my flat. I I just have a have a corgi, like a weighted keyboard thing. Um because otherwise I can't, I well, I can't afford a grand piano, but also I can't have one in an apartment, but the cords are actually pretty expensive, the weighted ones. But I think it's because of the dexterity of your fingers, like once you learn how to play the piano, it's hard. I mean, I'm sure some people can do it, but it's very difficult to then sort of rework your brain into like the other. I can't play that I've tried, but I can't, it's difficult,
very
difficult
instrument.
There
you go.
What about you? Did they, did they never tried to force the plane or anything?
yeah, I was forced into it, but but then I was forced into it. But then I rebelled a little bit in high school. I played the drums because I thought it would be cooler and get me laid. And then I switched back to piano after, you know when I realized it was actually cool. So I went through like a phase, you
know what
type
of
Grand
canyon?
No, I was going to ask you, what type of grandparent was it? A Steinway? Do
you know? Do you remember?
would
be
course. Yeah.
Yeah. My father, my father had a Steinway. Really old
Steinway actually
was so old. Some of the ones they have in 1920s, they have like extra keys at the end of them because you can't even find them anymore. Yeah,
but my my step mom took it because she's a bitch after,
after he died. I mean after he died. So I
thought
they were
going to get to me because she doesn't play the piano. I'm like, why do you, why do you, why do you need a piano? You can play it? Just give it to me. I'm the only person the family that plays. So I think she wanted it there for decoration or something. So
classical.
Classical. I would love to play jazz. But it's just it's a different, I just piano is one of those things that it's so hard to learn at a later age, you know, so it really has to be ingrained in your early it just it's so complicated. How do you feel about the guitar? Do you feel the same way or what do you what
do you think about the learning
about
that?
That's interesting. That's so it's it's uh it's interesting. It's kind of like it's kind of annoying that you can't have that same ability to sort of capture that same, that same energy has been you're younger, you know? But also so much other things going on when you're older, right? You know? Um
Hello?
Yeah. You have any kids? Uh
Okay. I'm sorry to hear that.
Same thing. I don't have any kids. Um Actually to be honest with you, I don't really like kids and it's it's a little bit of a problem because my sister just had a kid and so I mean the kids only like four months old, but now I'm supposed to be an uncle, but I'm like I haven't really grown on me yet. But then again, he's not he's only I don't I don't really think he's he's gonna even remember me anyways for another four years. so
Well, what do you think about that? What do you think? What do you what do you think about? I'm not what do you think about what it means to be a good uncle?
Thank you.
Got
it.
You're,
yeah, you're, you reel them in, you, you reel them in a little bit. You, you know, you tell them that hey, everybody's been here before, you know, you've done a little bit of this and that. Yeah,
yeah, that's a tough one. Like a good uncle. You know, all my uncle sucked. Did you ever have a good uncle? Uh huh.
But
is that good or is that normal? That's the thing,
Yeah, I know.
It's a tough
question.
It's a tough question, who knows? Yeah, I think maybe, but I don't want to be, yeah, I'll figure it out in a few years I guess. But like I don't like I'm not his father, you know? So whatever. So well what do you what do you like that? So what do you like to do for what's like, so what are you doing in south Carolina, You born and raised there or did you move there? Hmm.
interesting. My uh my uh my ex girlfriend, one of my ex girlfriends, uh she went to law school at Baylor University in Orlando and then but she doesn't study law, she became like a she's like a she's not even corporate law, but she does like uh like I don't know, it's like weird like she's my ex, I'm not really sure exactly soon. but she never it's weird. She went to law school, but she never wanted to be a lawyer. Is that common or is that just a thing that she did?
I know, but she graduated and she passed the bar, but she never even like when she was in her, you know, third year or whatever. She she never she was like, I never I don't want to be a lawyer. Mhm.
All
Mhm.
But
going
into it is different, right? Because it's wouldn't it be more like you find out, find out after like after you graduate and
then
you switch
rather than going in and be like, I'm not going to be a lawyer at all, but I'm just gonna do this whole thing.
I'm
Always.
Well, especially barry because it's a private, you know uh have you heard of barry in Orlando? It's like a private, to be honest with you, some of the best law school in the world. I got him.
Yeah. It's like it's like the university of, well, I don't want to, I don't want to shit on any colleges, but it's like the university
of phoenix
of
law schools basically, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Well um but yeah, lawyers. Um what, so what type of are you generally interested in?
You know
You'll
recover.
payday
those advanced lines uh
There's
good all
these
people live.
Yeah, wow, that's great. Yeah.
No, they know their real soul seekers. I mean there's little suckers I should say. Yeah, I got sued actually. So the combat the agency that I worked at or I work at um before I'm in the role that I am right now with, this is more like corporate training. But I started off with them as a recruiter and I got sued when I was a recruiter. It's a small agency and I got sued because I'm trying remember the details. But I was on a call with a salesperson and we had uh positioned a position as a sales position as a very entry level position because that's what our budget was literally. We just had like uh you know it's like 30 30 K a year entry level position in Manhattan, which is very little. You can't afford that unless you're
in Manhattan
in Manhattan.
So that's why it's an entry level century level, completely entry level. And I was on the phone. And before this I had I had some experience in that, I mean in recruiting and so I had made the mistake of, I told him by the way the long story short as we won, but I had made the mistake of saying on the phone to him That um oh this guy by the way had like 40 years of experience and he was
also
he told me he was looking for way more way more money. He was looking for like you know like 100 and 20 K. 150 K. Like that per year. Uh as like some sort of base but also everything you bind. I made the mistake of using the word JR. For the position not to him, but I said this is this is a more junior position. And then
on
yep. And then the next thing you know actually this is not the next, you know, this was like two months later the new york city employment, whatever people they called R. H. R. And I was I was not I'm not I was never technically part of HR it was more like a headhunter, you know, associated with HR and they were like, did you tell this guy that he was too junior for the job? And I was like no, I said the job was anyway, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter specifics, but
we
ended up winning. But that whole, I mean it never went to court or anything, basically we had to get on a call with a new york city employment agency or whatever. And then they heard our side and they decided that there was no okay, so whatever to bring it further. So what do you think about that? Mm
hmm.
London.
were
Junior, you know?
mom.
But
I wasn't saying that I wasn't, I was trying to imply that, hey, we can't even ever offer the salary that you're looking for. Like, You know what I mean?
And
if you search, if you search this actually for employment, stuff like that word junior because I remember the time it spent 10 years, so maybe stuff has changed. But um, because I'm 30 for about 35. But so this is like 10 years ago. But um, when this happened like, like it was a mess, conference calls and stuff. But Luckily my boss had my back and I've been with this company for 10 years one of the worst one back and forth lately. It's not been so good. But
no,
you go. There you go. Yeah.
So Panama specifically, I can't tell you. Uh No, I can't tell you. I can tell you it.
I can't tell you. It's not it's not good. So but I
ended
up
I ended up going to
I
know but
I don't know
the people here who are recording this better laps. So
yeah, it's not a pc story end up there by mistake and then just ended up staying there for like a year. Really liked it. It's great down there. Have you ever been to south America at all?
What's
part? Oh yeah.
But
oh you have to go back. I was in brazil. Uh So before Panama was in brazil um I got like re diverted because of another virus. I was trying to go to Columbia anyways the um I was in the house which is in the northern part of the amazon, this great city, but nobody ever goes there. So it's a secret.
because it's it's in the amazon. So if you look at the map of brazil, most people go to like, most people go to Rio Sao Paulo. If you're not going to go to Rio or Sao Paulo, you're probably going to go to uh well if you're single, you're gonna go to gagne. Because that's where like, you know, there's it's a very liberal area to meet men and women. And then if you're not going to go to going on, yeah, you're probably going to go to a safe a which is a surfer place. But nobody ever goes to manaus. Yeah, but it's got great fish. It's beautiful. And it's so weird if you search my house after this conversation, like um search like the dolphins they have there and you can go on these trips and like it says it's the amazon. So you see all this weird stuff that you'll never see. Also it depends on what type of what type of vacation. Or are you like do you do you like are you more of like an ex expedition or do you more like relax? Either one is fine.
Yeah. So this will manaus is the best of both worlds because so you have the city which is my nose which is the capital of the state Amazonas in northern brazil. But then you can also go on these like weird expeditions where you see like tribal people and these dolphins that look like. It's hard to describe what they look like but weird creatures and stuff and then their fish are so delicious. The best fish in the world. Yeah that'd be that would be my recommendation. Um. Sir.
Oh yeah for sure definitely. Um Because the cost of living you know I mean it's you can get a department there with room cleaning. Uh All included. They like to do the room cleaning because it gets really humid there. And also they like to sort of spy on you to make sure you're not breaking anything.
So they sort of keep it included. You know like a luxury apartment in Panama like maybe uh top price 7 50. But you can negotiate maybe like 5 75 a month in certain
part luxury apartment luxury like maybe one bedroom. I'm talking about one bedroom apartment. Okay.
Very cool. Very good. All right my friend I think we're out of time. It was good it's good to talk with you. This is cool. I don't
know I don't know what to expect. A interesting
experience.
Uh No I did one like five months ago. I want to say actually I tried to do one yesterday, somebody canceled. But then I, the last time I did it I think I voted I think three people canceled and I spoke to one other person from why? So yeah,
that's
are
they? I was just looking at the thing. Oh yeah,
we can we can talk for a few more minutes. Yeah, sure. Yeah, that's fine with me as well. So
yeah, so um we're also, have you traveled outside of the United States at all?
See
did
you hear the news story about Italy today? Mm Yeah, there's a news story about um google it after, I'm not sure the specifics, but uh yeah, what would you guess? Italy's main export is
Mhm. Exactly and so there was a wine and then luxury goods, but yeah, wine is their main export and the it's been a huge problem because they need to keep control of this stuff and the italian like counterfeit, they've been really uh clamping down on this stuff, busted a ring of the most expensive, a counterfeit ring of the most expensive wine in Italy that they were selling to Taiwan or was it Korea somewhere in Asia?
Yeah, it's an interesting article, it's a cool article and and uh it was it was like a family operation, son and father are under arrest, her house arrest and then they arrested like 11 other people. This was like today, and um it was a perfect replica down to the weight because like for like for like if they were like exporting it, they would have like eight or something, right down to the weight and the only way that they found out, they busted them by the way while they were doing another huge batch of and then they were onto them before a whole new batch of wine which was rated the world's number number one wine by like all these people last year And they're selling it to the asians for like 70% of the price. That was at this whole warehouse facility in Madrid, they
weren't in Italy, they were like I think Madrid Barcelona, they were in Spain and the only reason why they caught them was um one of their truck drivers, like just like this low labor guy as he was driving. He like I guess he like something happened accidentally dropped a case of it
by the side of the road or something and that's what's fun off the entire investigate the multi million dollar investigation was just this guy slipped a a kiss.
What a stupid thing to do. I mean they
must have been
so test, they must have been so
pissed.
said
that
they had these guys, they said they had the weight down to these bottled wines, on the weight of a tissue paper,
On the way to the tissue paper, everything was perfect and they have been running this for like 11 years. I
don't know, I think it was like half a million euros a month. Um And
they were, it wasn't the same wine, obviously it was actually they put I think the expensive liners from Eastern Italy and they were putting in some some other cheaper wine but not that much cheaper because it was still had to be pretty good for them for the people, whoever they were selling it to to not understand but some other place and then they were doing the margins and they did it all. And yeah, you can google it after. I'm not I may have messed up some specifics in that, but I just saw in the more in the news this morning. It was pretty
Yeah. Counterfeit
like.
All
We'll have
a have a great night. Good to meet you.