I
think I figured out while I was restarted my computer but I don't think that's what fixed it. I uh I have like
two
different things I have to have like zoom and I also have Cisco Webex and when every time I use webex it switches my audio to like sound flower or some shit. I don't know.
Uh Yeah I figured it out now. Got there in the end.
Tyler.
I
am in Columbia south Carolina.
About
you. Ted
Yeah, everyone says that I don't have an accent. Maybe I just I think I grew up in the T. V. Generation. I just got you know, I don't know.
What about you?
burn it.
So uh what are you so digital Nomad? What do you do as a digital?
No man.
This
I'm an attorney.
Work for the
state
government.
Yeah it's crazy.
It's
fine. Yes, but things are falling, it's fun.
Maya
my
controller
fell off of my computer. Yeah
I do yep. Uh This is my baby uh martin something O. N. C. 16 something. Uh
After like a decade or so.
You
up?
minutes.
To
answer
the question
you're going to ask before I cut you off. I do finger style mostly. Uh which uh
is good because it doesn't require any talent. Just lots of practice
a. Yeah I cannot play the piano. My mom is fantastic pianist. Um And she and my dad when they first got married their agreement was that he could buy a boat if she could get a baby grand piano. So she bought like $20,000 baby grand piano and that's like 20 grand in like 1990. So and so she tried to teach my sister like both my sister and me to play piano so that eventually she could give it to one of us and neither of us can play.
No, I mean they like, but they like encouraged and I took lessons for my mom was like a music teacher on the side and so I like she taught me, I just never took it. Yeah.
Very
kind
of,
I
don't
know, sorry. I am a bad, I'm bad at this. Please go ahead.
It was
It was. Yes. You
understand
why?
Uh
thing.
Thanks.
yes.
So what?
I
don't
know.
I don't know like what the genres of piano are. Do you play classical?
Do you play modern music?
I
didn't
learn
until I learned the summer after high school I graduated high school. It's my first picked it up and I'm not like a proud you anything. So it's probably look, I think that's kind of how it is for everything. Or you can start young like you really, that's when you can really get good. Um But for like the level I play at, it's been fine, but.
Yeah. There's nothing
like childhood to be able to spend like 12 hours on one thing and not think of anything else.
nope single. Just got broken up with actually
as a sign. Uh What about you?
Right. Yeah, babies are awful. Uh My sister's three kids, I like one of them. Uh huh. Yeah, I'm like very iffy like I can take a read kids, it's fine.
I'd be a good uncle. Oh God. Uh
I have. All right, so my family is very religious. I'm the black sheep. I left the church. So my idea of a good uncle was very different than my family's idea of a good uncle,
which
my idea of a good uncle is too. Uh You know, a guy would be like when they like 16, give him a beer, don't tell the parents, you know, be like cool, like responsible responsibly. But like, you know, you want to be the person they can come if they ever get in a huge fight with her parents, you want them to like come to you instead of like going off, who knows where? So you what? You
know,
But they don't live, we don't live in the same state, so I never even see them. So who knows?
I have uh one uncle, we saw him once a year every year on christmas Eve. Thanks
very close.
I don't know like I like I know some families are very close. My was just not like um I don't think I would have bonded with my uncle very much like just knowing him as an adult. So I guess it was good. But uh huh
Sometimes
I
wish I had a closer family.
Born in charleston, um coast and then moved up to Colombia for law school. Uh it's five, it's like Colombia has a thing. Whereas if you don't have like a very specific plan to get out of Colombia, you just end up. Yeah, it got its tendrils in me. And so now here I am.
That's not usually if you go to our school you become aware.
interesting. I mean, I know, I mean it's very common for lawyers to
go into other, like not to do other things and not practice law specifically, but like like a lot of compliance people are lawyers even though they're not really practicing law. Um
So that I can see like that's pretty common, but if you yeah, other
than that
I'm not really
that's
usually
the path.
Yeah. That's
pretty weird. Especially with how much law school costs seems like
a risky gamble.
private like or like for profit hospitals are not not a great idea.
University
next
set up.
good.
Uh So I uh do consumer law, so all right, so I too big types of our corporate and litigation so like dealing with contraction shit or like litigating bosses. And so I like to litigation. Um I worked for a really big firm um doing employment law where I defended big shitty corporations which was awful uh and destroyed my soul. And so I am what I left that and now I work for a state agency
making like an eighth of what I did. Which is that, but
I'm
much happier because uh so what I do is I Like really shady companies that want to charge like 8,000% interest on loans or um do I like to pay their bones or that kind
of? Yeah.
Yeah. So we got
for them,
yeah, so we go after them, shut
them down.
It's great. I feel good about myself
that,
that's that
I don't understand now.
Somebody in Manhattan on 30K.
You
mean?
Uh He said you for
age discrimination.
Yeah, I got
you.
Yeah, so
age discrimination is pretty hard to prove anyway. Um I think yeah it's probably the new york city accounts on human rights or whatever, they have a lot.
Um Yeah that's pretty common the way it happens like employee makes or or an applicant makes a complaint. Um And they usually try and resolve it before they go to court. Um Yeah, made that. I see. I know obviously it's not what you meant like like turning my like I could see it. I would be like was
that
Yeah. It's like it's just like objects, right? Like talking to an older
apple plant and you're like oh we're looking for more junior like
I guess.
Yeah. Obviously. Yeah, obviously you were
in the
Yeah, I'll let you in on a secret, lawyers
ruin everything.
how did you end up in Panama?
you can't tell a complete stranger.
will.
We
will never
see each other
again. Who
else
could you tell?
fair.
I went I was in brazil a long time
ago.
Just for like a week. Not long private trip. But yeah,
that was when I was a teenager, so I would love to go back.
weird. Uh huh
I mean more like uh so either like city, like sporting city or like hiking?
are you going back to Panama after the Coronas?
All right.
Damn,
demos. Very cool.
absolutely.
Was this your
first time?
so, I know
it's like 25, but I also know like I took a couple of minutes. Do you know what exactly when I got on? Because I feel I think I'm pretty sure that are like very stickley about, it has to be like 25 minutes of talking not just like your same
time.
Yeah, it's like whenever I
that yeah
I went to ITaly for when I after I took the bar exam, went to Rome to venice and a couple of day trips
out. Um And then where
else?
Wine.
No.
Damn.
Who?
wow.
Where's mr
fate?
I swear
like criminals are like very good like some of them are like crazy just gonna
be
scanned.
Damn.
Damn. They Oh my God. How much money do you had me? So much
christ?
Damn. Uh
All right. I think
we are. I think we should be good now.
I think it was 75 when we started so All
man,
See you then we'll