well,
you hear
me now? Oh, there we go.
Okay. Yeah, my volume was all the way down so I'm sorry. I talked.
All right, good. Alright. I'll start or stop watching now. How's it going, man?
I had to bring the family over here to get some good wifi. That's why I was a little couple minutes later. I was like roaring over here because my, I used all my uh, hotspot data so I wouldn't have had any good service. So I had a
quick
rush over the in laws real quick, so
I'm
good.
Ohio
you
man.
lucky you man.
Yeah. Well, we had snow Sunday night and
then it was 60 yesterday
and 60 yesterday, 60 today. So
I'm sure you wouldn't, you'd rather have your bouncing around.
We go down to florida every year over christmas and new years down to Sarasota. Where you at?
okay. Orlando area. Okay.
Well, right.
Yeah, I don't, if I told you where I lived, you'd be like, huh? You
ever heard of the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
I think Canton.
yeah. I mean, yeah,
it's
in Canton.
Ohio.
That's
where I'm.
probably columbus and in columbus probably.
Oberlin is probably the closest, Yeah. I can't even remember where Oberlin is, but I know it's closer than Cleveland and columbus.
Okay. Yeah, that's a popular school around here. Cool. So you born and raised in florida or you go to school down there?
man.
I hear that. I hear that crazy world right now, man.
I don't think anyone could have forecasted this. Yeah. Yeah. It's really, so do you need to do many of these prolific videos? How many times have you done this?
Okay. This is like my four. Yeah. 34th. Yeah, that's cool. I actually got, one time I got a girl that was literally 15 minutes down the road. Isen't that crazy? Yeah.
No I didn't know her but like she's like, I kept saying where I lived and she's like, well okay, be more specific. And I'm like okay, that's where my town. And she's like, I literally live like two towns over. I'm like,
yeah, that was pretty cool local stuff. Yeah.
I don't know man. It's they blow it up. I don't know if it's bad or not. I don't know but I don't have, I don't know anybody that died. I know a couple people who got sick, but they made it.
Yeah. You guys don't even have a mask mandate, do you?
Okay. See I had heard that florida. It was really really like um they weren't very like, yeah like like like you said they're not very like, like hard on the issue like you know they don't really, I don't know the word but yeah.
Ohio is pretty,
do you have a curfew?
We just got we just got put on a curfew last night. We had to be helped.
We had to be Like bars and everything shut down at 10 PM.
there a lot of hell is how's it down there? Is it like really scary or do you know people who have died?
Yeah. My 92 year old Grandpa got it. He he beat it crazy. Yeah. I know. I don't know if we're supposed to be scared of this thing or not. It's hard.
I don't know. Maybe it's because it just hasn't
hit close um Why? I'm like not as, I don't know I was worried but I did I had another conversation with a guy from new york, it was the first time I did this, he was from new york and I think it was a little bit north of the city and he said it was even bad there. Um Well you know you heard about new york, I mean they were the worst
and
there.
Yeah, I mean I have friends over and uh just from playing the online games and stuff, I got friends over in India and like over in the Middle East and they said um it's really bad. They are the ones that told me it's really bad. Um
Yeah, they said literally like people were going like government officials were going door to door and I mean this is just 11 area, you know, I don't know if they live upper class, middle class, I don't know, I just know him like you know from gaming and just talking a little bit. But they said like later literally like taking people out on stretchers like houses all around them like it was like that. But then that they would they said that all these people weren't considered covid death. So I don't know. It's crazy. It's crazy. There's so much out there man. I just wish I knew the truth.
It's just hard to believe this all started with someone getting bit what is it eating a bat in china? Isn't that
what it
was?
mean this is why don't eat a batman. I mean
thank you.
Yeah. And then it came to came to the truth. So you look pretty young. What are you studying? You said you go down in Jacksonville. What are you studying?
so your
wall back there. Got you.
nice.
gee that's tough.
You don't know
what the future holds. Right,
mm. Yeah, that'd be tough.
All right. It's not like there's a tv show you can get on there and just, you know like
the voice or something, you know, there's nothing like, you know the you know like that.
Yeah man, I don't miss school. I graduated way back in from college. I don't miss the stress that came along with it, but I had only had one online class. I don't even know if I'd like the whole online deal.
I had a degree in computer networking. Yeah,
yep coding and all that stuff yet. And then I've been a I work at a shop for like I've been there 16 years so I don't do it at all. But I know how to use a computer more than anybody that I know. So I guess that's a,
well that's pretty expensive what I paid for that.
Yeah, for sure. So what else do you do besides uh your loving music there?
Man, that sucks. So
are
you
done with your whole elective thing or are you in your where you're in the more the more music classes?
time.
Right.
Well
and then you fit in like, but what do you do with like prolific? The only thing you do
to make money on the side or?
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I made I made a pretty good buck off this For sure. I like these. I don't get too many like the $15 ones like these. But like yeah, it's definitely a good moneymaker. Have you ever heard a swag bucks?
Okay. I've made uh huh. At least a couple 1000 off of that.
Just like, um, so my job I have, I have a lot of downtime. Like I just watched machines and they usually are fine and
was just play dumb dumb games like we have to get the lake level whatever And it's like $50 or you got slot
games that you've got to get to level. Yeah. Or slot games, you got to get
level like 200. You just like set it for auto and just walk away. Easy money.
Oh, how long ago was that?
check
into
that. Yeah, if you want to make some decent money man. I mean if you have like another device, you can just put it up, put it to the side and just let it go.
of that girl that lived close to me that I did this video, she told me about that. I forgot. How is that?
Too much of a hassle.
man. I don't know if I ever heard of that man. Okay.
All right. Cool. Yeah, me and my guys at work, I got everyone like hooked up to like swag bucks and then I get like a cut of whatever they make. It's nice. You get some people underneath you making you make some good
bucks. So saving up for christmas money for the kids.
Yeah. They say the numbers are going up. So I don't know we're the big rumor up here was he was gonna shut us down again. Our governor and Tuesday it came on. He said no, we're not going to shut you down. We're going to give you a curfew. Is that like everyone hates this guy's guts? Like, oh man, like either shut it down or don't like why do you? And, and they're not even going to enforce it. Like they even like the police officers in the area, they're like, well we're not going to enforce it if you're like out on the road after 10:00, we're not going to pull you over.
Well,
I mean,
I never heard that one, wow. Yeah. Uh I don't know. Like, I don't from what I know about government, like I don't like your governor can like issue. Like I thought you had that, this is something you have to be voted on. Like
this one person, he can just say you have to do this.
I mean, I don't think that's how government works. I thought it had to be like, you know, I mean, even if the president wants to do something, I mean I guess he has an executive order but like I mean you usually have to go through both sides to get something done. So I don't understand how, I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. I hear you. Yeah. It's like what's next? Right. Uh huh.
Yeah. I know. That's how we felt like we got our we got income tax back and then we're doing stuff to the house and like all of a sudden it's like well hey hold on we got to cancel that the cove. It's happening and then I guess so. Mhm.
All
Yeah. That saved you man. Yeah. My friends were supposed to go to Mexico and they had they only got half their money back because you know, they couldn't go but they only got half of it back so. Yeah.
It sucks. Well they shut down like all the cruise lines and everything. I'm sure people were lost the money there.
Mhm.
And
I don't know. It just seems kind of dangerous. All them people on one boat, but I guess I'm sure they're doing temperature checks because they're going on, you know, there going up. So, or they would have to have a negative test, but I don't see them. I don't see how that you can go on a cruise unless you have all these, you know, if you're getting, I would think you'd have to be tested before you go on a cruise. That's just asking for it, isn't it?
Yeah. Oh man. Oh yeah. So listen, so Monday. My mom calls me and says, hey kid, I work with, got tested for Covid and he's positive. I was around him. We both at some point had no mass on, you know. Um Anyways, my mom's high risk. Right? So I'm like, all right, well you gotta you need to schedule an appointment to get tested. Okay. So she's like, well I don't want to go in a hospital where everyone is sick, you know? Right. So I called and scheduled her a drive in one or you just drive up to the hospital? They come to, you know what I mean? So they're like, okay, well her doctor needs to send us a slip that she needs to have a test. I'm like okay, whatever I handle all this stuff, they're like, okay well we'll call you in a few days and schedule your for you to come. That was on monday. She still hasn't been called. Like isn't this like a end of times talk deal and you're taking all week long.
Okay. Yeah. They told her, hey you can go to um CVS pharmacy or something and but I don't know if we recommend that they're saying right now um the tests are 30%
accurate like what like okay well maybe that's why we have a huge spike in numbers. 30%. I mean you might as well just
that you have it. Right. Yeah. Uh huh.
This whole thing, man, I don't know.
Oh man. Aaron Aaron optimist. I like it. Yeah.
See it wasn't it wasn't that it was even what I'm trying to say, You tried being in Ohio so like February two like may your like it's snowing so like we're just like okay it's getting warmer out and they haven't lifted this thing like we haven't done nothing all at least you can
go outside and go for a run. Like we freeze our butts off like so we were just june came and they're like, oh we don't know if we're gonna lift this in june or july. We're like all right then this is this is like everyone's attitude like ok, screw it. We're just gonna be a lot less in like, I mean you get cooped in, you go crazy, you just get bored. I mean winter suck.
saw articles, florida is not florida is not listening. Everyone's at the beach.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it seems like if you're outside and you're spaced out, your chances are like 0.1 I mean I don't
know.
I am
All right. Hey dude, we're done man.
All right, well hey,
just remember how good you have it in florida. Alright, Don't be complaining. Like at least I'm not that dude up in Ohio and it's snowing a foot.
Not right now, but you just here pretty soon. Yeah.
Alright man. Hey, take care.