mhm, mm hmm, mm. Mhm.
Uh I can't really hear you just kind of clipping, can you hear me? I think
I
yeah, I think it's a cut a little lot, but I can hear you fine. I just put it down on my end.
Uh No, you're good. Nothing now. I got a good
I'm cool. I'm angry man. Yeah. What about you?
I
got it.
What
are you
at like? Bye.
All right, okay. I'm
in florida right now. All
right. Oh, that's where I live. Yeah.
Uh I guess sometimes because the weather kind of just bounces up and down. Uh huh.
What?
Good
ara
Uh because sometimes it alright, it'll be it'll be raining like for like 10 minutes and next 10 minutes will be straight, son. Yeah.
Okay. Uh can see me so like 10 minutes from Disney isn't?
Yeah. I tell people Orlando because they don't know what kissing me is,
but
And
uh sort of Yeah,
I don't follow okay,
I
don't
follow football
too
much
better. Okay, is that close to um what's the bit I know there's only two players in Ohio. I know. Cleveland.
Oh yeah, columbus Sandown, Oberlin, the only place I know. Is it nearby any of those?
Mhm. Yeah, I don't know that because I have a couple of friends would go to like school over there.
Yeah. Just pretty much a live down here in my entire life. Yeah.
I mean I'm going to like school in Jacksonville, which is like two hours north, but I made this year I'm doing it all online, but yeah, privilege.
Yeah, I would like if I would have told myself in the past like everything that's gone on like in this year alone, like I wouldn't believe myself.
Yeah, I've done this a couple of times I think like five now.
you know her?
Like, wow. Uh
How's covid over there? And
I don't know what's going on in florida only because the governor here is just kind of like, you know, I mean, it's kind of saying that they're bad here, but like no specifics and like no shutdowns or anything.
not really. I mean, it's kind of like socially enforced that like everyone knows to like, or a mask, but you know, there's a lot of people who don't and it's not necessary to wear mask.
I
mean,
so, uh,
already,
uh, no florida has none of it's basically like, like as if nothing was going on. Yeah. Like if you go to restaurants, like the most you see is like a little like, like a plastic barrier, but then like that's it. Yeah.
I'm not that or not in florida that I died like a couple like my family members like in new york and like I like in Dominican republic have some family down there, a couple of you have been like in florida like I've known a lot of people got sick but they are like fine
Yeah, I don't know, I remember like an april or may or whatever. I remember the death toll is climbing up like pretty fast, it was like 100,000 this week or like something like that, but it's pretty much like stagnant. Mhm.
The
You know your god. I think, I don't
know my whole timeline events like in my head is gone be like yeah, like early on remember new york got like pretty hard.
Yeah. Yeah and it's I think like the worst part about this whole thing is like seeing other countries like kind of like beat the whole thing I guess and then like the U. S. Is still kind of like dealing with it. Yeah.
huh.
Yeah there's a lot of like just stuff floating around.
I
don't
that's what they said at first with them. They kind of changed it so all I know it has to it has to deal with like a bat. Yeah.
I remember
being like in school like I was on my bed just like scrolling through like instagram whatever. I saw something that said like new things kinda like guy eats a better like sick or whatever. I'm like all right that's like whatever because if you read like the news every day about like, like stuff on facebook or whatever, like just stuff that isn't real. But uh that's what I was seeing it more news more and more. I was like, oh man, we're going on.
uh I'm doing jazz studies, so I was like
piano.
Yeah, playing just piano. Yeah,
I mean it's kind of like rough out for like kind of musicians because there's like nowhere to play. Not like gigs or anything. So Yeah, I don't think the last time I played, I was like three days before this whole thing happened.
Yeah. Well now yeah, it's kind of like, I don't know, like not that I like want to switch, but I'm like thinking about switching because like, man, like
being
Yeah,
exactly. Yeah. I mean even with like, I guess if everything else you there there's still uncertainty, but it's like being a musician is kind of like, you know, that's like, well yeah.
Thanks.
The but I just got to hold out and see what, you know what happens. That's all I can do.
Okay. What's that? What do you study?
That's like I I. T. Type stuff.
The.
Okay. Yeah. President school now. It's like, it's crazy.
Uh I don't know. I mean nowadays I just kind of like, I've been watching some movies just at night. Like just kind of like if I have some time I just like go out for a run or something like that. But pretty much all my NAMI nowadays only time spent with like classes. Because like I guess the thing is like teachers like since we're all online and like I guess we're at home like teachers I guess think that we have more time to like do more stuff. They just pile on moral and working pile and pot like. Oh man.
It
was
like,
I mean I guess like the way the school kind of like sets up your classes like you have like a whole ton of music classes and then you really take like one like Janet like it's a mess or something like that one or 2. So. Yeah. I think like and I don't know because I from music they like pile on mark glasses because like instead of like say like for classes like supposed to be three credits, let's say it's like two credits so you have to take more classes to reach like your credit
limit. Yeah.
Because I know like I had a friend who was doing like pre-med like out of all things and he had like To class that day and it would be done like by like 12. I
got like five a day. I'm like done to like 10 PM sometimes when I was over there. Yeah.
what
nowadays? Yeah. Because I was like, man, I kind of like need a job. But then I was like, man, it's impossible. Like kind of fit in with everything. So like started looking at some online stuff. Yeah man, prolific guys working.
Yeah. I used to be the on that a while.
Or I can never like get anything off of that.
There.
there.
I
mean, I remember I used to do it used to be, I used to do it for like a search engine. Like I remember like google used to like, I used, I used to get like, I think it was like 10 cents for like that. Like a search or something like that.
That was a while. A couple of years. I think I tried
to get
it.
Yeah. I got to look into that. I tried doing um amazon mturk also, but
I've heard people like make like some money after that. Like a lot. I feel like I can't get on it because like amazon keeps like declined my like, like account because like, yeah, it's like different amazon accounts, they have to like make like they keep declining my account before I even signed up for the thing. So it's like all right. The customers. Yeah.
So I'm just not going to do that. But now I've heard a lot of people like make some money off of that. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. I think I was gonna say like I was thinking just getting like a seasonal job, like walmart doing overnight stocking, I get the women. So it's like, I'm like Going to be done for a school for maybe four weeks. I think I'm like, yeah, I like that as well. Take the time and just like try to grind up some hours. Yeah. Yeah. I guess I just got to see what the whole future holds.
Yeah. It's like you're supposed to do, it's like, man, that was going to do that.
Remember
the I don't remember they try to do like that like the first like week that I get like, you can't be out past 10 pm or like whatever, but like nothing happened. No, nothing they said. They can like issue these cards out there. Like if you had to go somewhere you have to like show him a car, Nothing like that ever happened. Uh
Yeah. I don't know.
No.
I don't know man. This whole year has been like a three. I think the worst part about this is like I never know what's coming next. Like. Like it gets worse upon worse every year. Not every year every like month. Like every like, like there isn't always a news article that like always surprised me. Like wow. I know it could get worse but it did.
like the beginning to see. It was like really? I mean for me at least it was like a good year for a good couple of weeks or months or whatever.
I remember I was supposed to be booked on like a like a tour for like music and then like that whole thing cock it. Whoa. It wasn't supposed to be in Argentina but like
didn't sign. Yeah but I didn't sign up in time so like like that was like before this whole thing happens without damn I got to like sign up for later or whatever. But then like that whole thing happened now like everyone who's like signed up to be on the trip, how to like go through this whole thing to get their money back so it's like man being laid out to help me for once.
Uh
Yeah I remember I mean that I think I saw one a couple of months ago even it was like the people got stuck on like the cruise lines and they like like they couldn't get off of them because they had cole hitter, I don't even think they had, but they're like suspected of having it. Yeah.
Actually, no, it was a couple of like days ago I saw one that there's like 500 people on board
that someone had it and it was like the same deal. Like not everyone is stuck on the cruise line.
Yeah. Like I got surprised like even then if you got tested, like, I don't think this is the right time will be going on a cruise or anything. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. I've heard that there's a couple of states on it like that. I know here at least like it's not even at the hospital, you have to get it just like, it's like baseball stadium that I guess they don't use anymore because obviously Covid, but they just turned out like the big part, it's like a big parking lot. They just have like driving us all day that you don't even have to like schedule too. Just go if you want.
30%.
I guess.
Uh
Yeah. I don't know. I'm like, it's like in my head like the second it turns into 20, is going to like sun shines and butterflies.
I mean, I don't know. At the beginning, I was like what the eye we're gonna be here for like two weeks, three weeks max. It was like then it's like, oh man, you're being there to like april, it's like man april, that's a while away. And I was like you're gonna be here until june. I was like june man, that's crazy. And I was like, man, they're gonna be here till 20, man.
Well
I never I never thought about that like that people like whole snow thing because I like here for it obviously year round hot. Yeah. Even then like the first week that this whole thing happened, I remember people like it was like a whole big thing like like spring break was going on, like just a ton of people at the beach just like crying together. Uh huh
Uh We went to the beach a couple of months ago like but like at that point like it was not empty but it was like a good amount of distance between people. I've seen something like places where it's just kind of like everyone's just crowded together.
I
don't think it's something crazy. I was never in a million Years style like I don't know, I just don't know anymore. It's like a new low every again every news
article that comes out. Yeah.
Yeah, I can't
believe that. Bad.
Oh man. Fuck
That was crazy, man. Keep keep it easy and keep it safe, man.
Thanks to.