SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Come on. Uh huh. Uh huh. From Yes. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: how are you? Good,
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you doing? I'm Raylene,
SPEAKER_L: I'm Christina.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too. So I think we're just supposed to talk,
SPEAKER_R: The stock? Yeah. Yeah. Where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: so I'm in north Carolina. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Utah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? So you're about nine o'clock right now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You're a little later.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um So I I normally I normally uh it's funny my boyfriend and I have a curfew because we both have to get up for work in the evening and so in the morning and so I normally leave his place about 10 30 come home and this is my time where I check final work emails and and so I said it would be a good time to do like 11 o'clock um like before I decided to go to bed. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. I have a couple of step kids that live in Ashville. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They love it.
SPEAKER_L: it's about 33 3.5 hours for me. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: it's a beautiful city though. Asheville, it's very
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been there. I lived in charleston long ago when my ex husband was in the Navy.
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: But yeah. Yeah. So that's my only living in the south. I mean I used to work in new Orleans all the time,
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: but we traveled there and rented, you know for would rent a place for a month or two as we worked there. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: New Orleans is a cool city. I mean it's it's I used to go there frequently with a friend of mine so we would go like maybe a week out of the year. Um But then, you know like as you get a little bit older sometimes things are, you know and I a few years ago I took, well it's been seven years now. Gosh I should say something. But my job used to be before Covid I traveled a lot. And so it got to where when when I had vacation I didn't really want to travel again. I want to be a huh? So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well what are you doing your job?
SPEAKER_L: so I work in management consulting for a small firm that we do HR type not policies but like if you're going to implement say a new payroll system or something like that. So so we do like business cases that if you need to make a decision about maybe, or even sometimes like, hey, we're looking for a new benefits administration provider because maybe we're thinking about outsourcing that, or we want to bring it back in from outsourcing and stuff like that. Um So it's not like the policy hiring part of HR but tools to enable people to do that. So
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like what you do?
SPEAKER_L: do like, you know, it's it's funny because now a lot of people with Covid, you know, they get to work from home and I've been able to work from home for a while unless I was at a client site. So I think a lot of people are experiencing like a lot of people don't want to sit in the office every day. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I was the director of marketing for a mortgage company and did all of it from home
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I think that that's, I don't know, I feel a little bit more productive, but sometimes it's the it's how do you, I am now at home versus I'm working
SPEAKER_R: well I didn't have any issues with that actually. I work too much. I was like I would work 10 and 12 hour days because it would just blend, you know, I'd like run downstairs and make dinner and then end up with 45 emails, you know, and just get buried. But yeah, I I love working from home and when I would go into the office it was like, could you please stop talking to me, people would just drive me bonkers. It's like, how do you get anything done? Oh my gosh!
SPEAKER_L: I think it's harder.
SPEAKER_R: But it is hard to feel like you're on a team if you're always at least for me because I, you know, I worked pretty much worked by myself, did all the stuff and so I didn't feel as connected to, you know, the people at the office,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: think that's, I work for a small firm and I think that's one thing that we are challenged because none of us live in the same state even. And so a lot of us have known each other because of previous jobs. But to build culture, it's really hard. You know, when, when, you know, the only time I may talk to you is if we happen to be working on a project together and if we're not, then it's almost like, oh, I see you on our team calls on Fridays, but I don't really have a, I don't know what you like you do in your spare time is often, you know, stuff like that little stuff that makes you feel like I trust your opinion or trust your perspective because you don't have that constant kind of connection. So it's it has pros and cons for sure. So what makes you do these surveys, I mean?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It's just been fun. I just sort of like doing and I guess I probably think that I know shit or something. I don't know. I don't know. It's like I I I think it's fun because they're there, they tend to be more about how people think rather than about like consumer stuff that kind of stuff doesn't I just don't care all that much, but I care about cultural things and where we're going politically and all of that, so I like prolific because of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's just kind of where I'm so it's funny because I, you know, sometimes when I have like these moments away because I spent a lot of time on meetings like this, like the Webex zooms go to meetings, just whatever. And so there's these down times where, you know, I've I've kind of done work and so I used to get like on facebook and stuff and but then I felt like it's just been really negative with the election, you just really negative. And so I told my boyfriend I was like, you know, I used to do mechanical turk and like surveys. I said I think I'm just gonna kind of do that to fill up time and because it was a more productive way, you know, it's nice to have like a little extra money or what have you. But um it was better than the alternative of reading some of the, the stuff that's just happening on social media right now with the election. To me, it's just disturbing and it doesn't matter which side your own. It's just like I have friends very far right. I have friends very far left or family and, and it's like both sides can be completely nasty with each other and it, I started to feel a little toxic to me. Um So that's kind of what
SPEAKER_R: little.
SPEAKER_L: I started doing all this again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh it is, it's sad to me. I mean I I have cried a lot of tears just thinking, come on people, we were humans here. We all just want to love our kids and our grandkids and go to work and have health. We all want the same things we really do when you get down to it, we all do. And I mean, I think there are certain people that want things to exclude other people and those people, you know, when the white supremacists, that that's so disturbing to me. Um but they still want to love their families, they still want to love their kids. And if we can find those like places and nobody wants to get sick right now,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: nobody.
SPEAKER_L: no, no.
SPEAKER_R: So I know it really is. I mean, I I used to do all the social media for the for my company, so I was constantly on all the platforms and having to see what was going on. It's really nice not to have to be on there
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: and not have to keep
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, it's very um I mean I've muted a lot of people because I I don't you know it's one thing that it's interesting because I you know like I speak to the leader of my company and and he is he's about as liberal as you can get and it's funny his partners is about as conservative as you can get. So it's a good balance. But we were last year at a conference together and and I think that's when you know people are starting to vote in the primaries and I remember telling I was like yeah I don't think biden will make it because I said you know there's too many things about him that some people just will not accept. And it's funny because he, his echo chamber is people that think only like him. And I told him I said you know what, I have a lot of family and friends that are definitely far more conservative and I've never mute any of them. I never, you know, I haven't muted any of, you know, until this year actually because to me, I like to hear the different opinions because then you can kind of like, I actually will watch Fox news or go to Fox news, like I'm and CNN and then try to piece it together and try to be a little bit like, okay, what is this place saying versus what is this place and saying? Like NPR go to the Guardian and it's, it's just, I feel like there has been this inability for people to, like I've had some friends say like I deleted even my family members that do not believe what I believe. And I'm like that I think that's uncomfortable to me because I feel like we all have the ability to try to understand what is driving you to feel this way versus what's driving this person until this way. And and I do think that there's some inherently bad people because you know, you know, I think there is real evil in the world and then I think a lot of people are shades of gray, like they may not just be educated about something or they may have a perspective because this happened to them. So I worry in this country if we become so unable to talk and how and I have no idea how you even help improve that, like I don't even know.
SPEAKER_R: How we bridge that gap.
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea and that's what kind of concerns me because like I look at, I don't have Children, but I look at my little nieces and nephews and yeah, I want them to live in a place where you can talk and have conversations and learn from someone else, even if you still have that and they may not agree with them at all. Um So yeah, it makes me sad. It makes me, this election cycle is really made me sad for many reasons.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah. Oh gosh, f. I mean, and people being angry about masks making masks political, it's just like holy smokes. I even if it, even if it only helps a bit, I'm more than willing to do that to show that I value your life and I want to protect you. But that's just me, you know, and yet I'm in Utah where there are so many anti maskers
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I bet.
SPEAKER_R: and it is that, oh my gosh. Oh and it's, and the hospitals are like a capacity were one of the states that's doing the worst right now, which doesn't surprise me at all. And I don't know, I think we're just going to have to find that we need to take care of each other and care, you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's weird because I don't understand. I know a girl that she's like, I feel like we're in a mask, you know, it's gonna take away auction just and this and this and I'm like surgeons wear them all day long when they're in the operating room. But you
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: know, for me it's like, am I gonna wear, you know, I have like these, you know, in fact when the surveys ask you, I'm kind of like, well it depends, you know, like if I'm out on a trail, I'm not gonna wear one. Like it's hot and humid here. You know, during the summer, I'm not wearing one. I, I am going to suffocate like it is, it's just too hot with exertion and all that. But there's no way I'm going to go into a grocery store without wearing one and the people that refuse, it's like, I, I don't understand. And my boyfriend, I were even talking about, he's like, if we could have just, he gets season tickets to our local NHL team and he's like, I'll happily go sit in the arena wearing a mask the whole time, not take it off once if it means that I can go in and support the team and especially all the small businesses that own like, like the little food stops and stuff inside the arena. He's like, hey, I'm more than happy to do that, but the people that refuse, he's like, I, I don't understand like if the business asked you to wear a mask, why are you going to get all over them? Like just put on the mask? Really? Is it really going to harm you? But some, you know, to do that, you know, like I did have, I live in a town house and so I was standing out my little tiny plot of land because you know, it's not even, I don't know if it's like 1/100 of an acre or whatever. It's a little front yard and lady did pass me walking her dog and she pointed at me angrily that I wasn't wearing a mask and I'm like, I'm standing in my yard in my little young, like I don't think we're there yet and if we are there, then we shouldn't be leaving our house. Like, if if we are there, we should, none of us should be outside. Um, so I feel like there's a but the people that are so ba humint lee against it, I'm like, I don't understand why this crushes your day that bad to just put on a mask when you go. I don't it doesn't, it's nonsensical to me.
SPEAKER_R: That's exactly. I mean, I don't think you have to wear them when you're on the trail either. I mean if you're going to be standing there talking to someone, okay, pull the mask out, put it on. But when you're outside, they say that you should be okay that it's more about the exposure. So I totally agree. I it's just so weird. I don't know. I mean, I literally, my partner is because I have like some auto immune issues. He has gone to the store for all ourselves. I have not been in a store since March. It is, yeah. Is that amazing? We were just talking about that because I waited in the car when he went in to get water today for set our water store. And, and I'm like, man, I am so ready to shop again. And,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: but I, I just have too many weird preconditions
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't blame
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, uh I'm not, I just can't do this because I don't have any grandkids yet, but I'd like to see them if that ever happens. I don't know. Maybe my son's never will decide to have kids, but and that's cool too, totally their choice. But, you know, I would like to be alive for that. So, you know, I
SPEAKER_L: My mom lives
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: me and she she has frail health, like, she's she'll be 67 in december, but during all this, so she only has one kidney years ago, she had kidney cancer. So I take out the kidney and, and you know, just she's not just not in the best of health. And so she had during all this, she fell down in the house because she had had a knee replacement, hip replacement the following year. So her her mobility is still not great and so she fell down and broke her arm and she would have surgery. So it was not something that could and so just that whole experience and I remember she was just very worried like you don't wanna go the doctor and I was like mama, I mean your arm looks really like I'm not a doctor, but I don't think that's something that you can just wrap up and we're good. She was very nervous and because she has not been out of the house, we've gone too, we did something for a family I think around july something like it was maybe it's for july 4th, but other than that like she just she was very very worried and then she re broke the arm how to get surgery again. So I know she fell down again because she wasn't she she thought she could do something and then she ended up tripping and falling again. But she was really nervous, like even you know, and I had to wait outside of the hospital while she had surgery and she's just worried that you know, like you she only has one kidney, so there's a lot of she's got like heart some heart issues and so it's kind of like, you know, she's like, I'm worried that if I were to get that then you know, if it's really kind of hitting certain people with conditions, like maybe that would hit me. So you know, it's weird like we live in the same house, but she she actually works for american airlines from home, so our schedules are all played right now, she's working. Um But we, you know, I haven't really if I, because I do go out and I haven't really helped her or anything, you know because I try to keep a like if I know that I've been exposed to other people and it's just a very strange um experience, my mom's like, you know, it's just like, it's hard to think that this has been since March, like it's
SPEAKER_R: I know. And it I hate that I feel suspicious when I see people not wearing a mask when we're out. You know, like I'm just in the car and he's shopping or whatever and it's interesting to watch people and just think so you really don't care about other people at all, do you? And I hate that I have those suspicious thoughts about my my neighbors and my people that live around here. It's just I wonder what is going to do to a sociologically, you know, how well how will start thinking and being with other people? Maybe it will. Maybe I'm hoping it ends up being a good thing that they get a lot of information about different um diseases with all the research they're doing and all of that. But I don't know. It's really we're in some really tumultuous weird times. It's like, wow, I've said to my kids, I'm sorry my generation screwed up the world for you guys. So sorry.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I think it's um I don't think it's anybody, you know, I think it's I don't think it's like any one thing that screws everything up, you know, I think, you know it's funny because a friend of mine did post something on facebook and I saw it and she was like, I'm proud of the I think maybe 56% of the whatever percent that actually voted. But she was saying that she was excited that, you know, it looks like Biden has one. And, and, and I kind of laughed because I told her, I said, what's really sad is that out of the availability of people that can vote, it's still such a small number? And I said that that kind of makes me more sad is that we have, you know, sometimes I think people are so disillusioned, like, you know, I think that's the part, like to me, I kind of put as much blame on any any generation that doesn't get out there and at least try to kind of speak up and say like, how you feel. And honestly, I don't care if your invite republican, democrat, independent libertarian or whatever, but you know, there's people that died for that, right for you to have that. And you know, if you could just care more about the country and about the people versus just like, you know, what kind of deal can I get on amazon? Like I feel like that's even so that's why I don't I can't blame like your generation, my mom's generation or or my generation, because I look at it like I wish people were maybe a little bit more worldly just and just like a participating versus only if it's like on social media or if it's like I want to go buy something or you know, so I don't I kind of, you know, I think that's where things start, right? Like kind of speaking or standing up for something that you believe in, even if I don't believe in it, I still think that's better than then sitting back and just not doing anything. That's not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Being passive. Yeah, it's interesting. I have 10 step Children and my own and two of my kids and they're all so very involved and all quite vocal. All of them liberal. Uh it's really interesting. It would be tough. I think they probably eat their eat their siblings if they weren't. Because there also, I mean one of them is so radically liberal
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and uh it's just so fun to watch them talk about their ideas and you know, online and bad things back and forth. 11 of the kids lives in London, another son is moving to Ireland in, yeah, in june my son has a heavy metal dude. So each, they tour europe
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: the time. So we have, yeah, it's really fun to just watch them expand their views and and listen to what they've learned. They are so much smarter than I ever was at their age because they just have so much access to so much
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: knowledge
SPEAKER_L: know them?
SPEAKER_R: and they care so deeply.
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that, I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: love that because I think, you know, there's nothing worse like to me than, you know, I was in a group and this lady was like, I think maybe this is the first year everybody, I'm like, you're 42 like I am and you just never have ever thought, you know, like, I'm glad you're doing it, like I'm really glad you're doing it, but I kind of thought to myself like that's really sad, like there was a time where women would have no choice even if they wanted to, you know, like and that, you know, I I guess that's how I was raised as my family was like as soon as I could be 18, you know, it's like you need to go register, you need to do this and even if you kind of don't want to do it because it's a pain at least just set this time aside and do it. So I think that's great that your kids are that way. You know, like, you know, I think it's, I wish more people or that passionate because I think that's where good ideas come from is when you have those passionate conversations and beliefs.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Yeah, it's, I'm really proud of them. All the guys are such feminists and I'm just so happy to see them going online. Hey dude, back off, you don't get to talk to her like that, you're really making an ass of yourself,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you know? And I just like that there so very different than the culture I grew up in and the way I saw men and how men treated women. You know? I mean I'm I'm 59 50 how old am I? 59? And it's just so weird because women were just able to get their own like credit cards when I was a team and I mean think of that I was a teen and I remember when women couldn't get mortgages and they couldn't have their own credit cards or in some states couldn't even open their own bank accounts. Even if they were single, their dads had to co sign, Can you imagine?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: So I
SPEAKER_L: nothing.
SPEAKER_R: mean it just it makes my blood boil to think of it, you know? And um so many so many young girls don't get that there were women who literally died so that you could cast the vote,
SPEAKER_L: My mom
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: so my mom told me, so it's funny. My mom, my mom is actually on the autism spectrum. She's high functioning aspergers. Um, so there's a lot of conversations that we just don't, she's not good at them, right? Like, so it's, you know, like things about feelings, it's just just has a little bit beyond her. Um you know, like if I were to go and be like I had an argument with this and she'd be like what were you thinking about for dinner tonight? And you're like no. Yeah, but I asked her because she had been in the army, like that was what she did when she was 18 and I think she was there for four years and then she got married had me and and you know, we were talking about like sexual harassment and she looked at me and she goes, mhm. Clearly people did not, you know, I don't think women even remotely understand how bad it could have been. She's like when I was in the army it was she's like it it was pretty awful and she said that you just kind of got a thick skin because you just realized well um okay, he grabbed my private parts. What am I gonna do? Like tell my studio is also a man with other 50 you know, there's just not, she's like to, it's like how you reacted to it and in a way that, you know, kind of push back and she's like, so for her, you know, she's, she's kind of like, you just, you know how she used to tell me, she was like, don't put up with it because you have the choice now that I didn't have. Like it just was, you can only fight back so much when, you know, when she was in that kind of situation. And so just to hear kind of what was okay back when she was in the military versus what are things like in the workplace now? She's like, it's night and day. She's like, you know, now it's kind of like for her, you know, going to like sexual harassment training and everything else. She's like, people don't realize how good they haven't, you know, it's like a while to get there because she's like, it was so different when she was a teenager, was so different than what, you know, you could expect and you know, like her husband had a friend that he used to beat his wife like because she didn't cook right or something, and my mom was like, you know, you didn't get in trouble for. In fact, her husband asked herself, what would you do if I if I hit you? She's like, well you just better not go to sleep because that would
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: be the last time you hit me. Like, you know, and and she meant it, you know, that she's just very clear in that and she said that, you know, it's to see people be able to make different choices than which, you know, she had experience. She said it's it's very different. She said, I wish a lot of young women would take advantage. Whereas, you know, she would love to have opportunities that like even my little cousins have now that she just didn't get to have the parade.
SPEAKER_R: But we still have a long way to go. We still don't, we still don't get listened to when women are harassed
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: even though we can report it, not much gets done. So there's we've got a long ways to go. I'm grateful for how far we have come. But it's like I tell some of my my younger friends in their twenties and thirties, I feel an obligation to keep fighting for you. I do because I don't want you to lose your right to reproductive health and your right to choose when you start a family or don't at all, it's your choice and I don't want you to lose that. And and they're like, yeah, I didn't even realize it because it was embarrassing when I was getting married to even talk about birth control or anything like that. I mean it was just a different time,
SPEAKER_L: Well, my
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: my boyfriend works in pharma, he's a statistician and economist. And so he worked for many years on HIV and like 20 years he worked in HIV and and I was like, why are you so passionate about? He's like, I grew up in a very conservative Southern free will baptist upbringing. He's like, HIV if he's like, I don't know if you remember, but how was the first time they ever talked about sex on the news? He's like, people didn't understand really how you got it. And he goes, you know, when I and he's like, and that's the only reason when they're talking about because people were dying. Like, you know, back in the eighties, if you got it, and in the early nineties you were just not gonna it
SPEAKER_R: Death sentence,
SPEAKER_L: death sentence. And he said, you know, for me, he's like, I always wanted to be a part of something meaningful. And I realized like, this was a disease that affected people, that it was still hot shots. You don't want to talk about it. And he's like, so that's why I was always a passion for him. And he's like, and now the day he's like, you know, because now he actually works on cancer, certain types of cancer medications. But he said, you know, it became where you will you might die, but you'll probably die with HIV, you're not gonna die from it. And he goes, and that's a huge difference. And he's like, so that's when I realized, well it's okay to move on to a different type of drug. He's like, and so then I wanted to find what is the next drugs or the class of drugs for people that don't get the same attention. And he's like, like Alzheimer's we still haven't been able to figure out how can I treat that and give you more meaningful life versus not. And so it's just funny because he was like, I was so fascinated by HIV because when they talked about it was like the first time on the news that you talked about sex. He's like, and people are embarrassed of it. He's like, you know, you have dan right or someone up there saying sex on the news. And it's like, whoa. He's like so I I viewed it as this opportunity that so many people that had it were so disenfranchised and he's like and I just wanted to participate in that. And so it's kind of like what you said like he used to not be able to talk. I mean they used to not even have real like tampon commercials and stuff like that because you wouldn't mention it. It was like I guess women have stuff going on but it's
SPEAKER_R: Down
SPEAKER_L: kind of funny.
SPEAKER_R: there, just hold
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: hold it
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: like don't talk about it that's kind of gross and you know like I remember my mom loves the old black and white tv shows and you know they have the bed for the husband and the bed for the wife whose leaves like that but you just didn't really you know it was it's not been that long ago where things just, you didn't talk about. And so it's it's kind of fascinating what access people have now and they take it for granted. They don't realize that um you know, like years ago, like even when I turned 18 or 19, there's no way I would have asked for like birth control, like that might probably mean that I'm loose for this. You know, it's it's just, it's interesting. It's it's a different things have still changed and I don't think some of the younger girls and women understand how things could regress because it wasn't that far long ago that things were very different, wow.
SPEAKER_R: My youngest step daughter when she was 14 did ask me for birth control and I was so proud of her, her mom threw a fit and said no way. And I said, hell yeah, I said are you still planning on being sexually active with this guy? And she said yes, and I said yes, we'll go get your birth control. I would much rather be dealing with your mom mad at me about birth control than you pregnant at 14. My mom was pregnant at 14 and I know how hard that was. She had my oldest sister when she was 15, if you can imagine. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: grandma was very young and uh you know my granddaddy was, he was going off to war and was like, you know, they asked if they had to go to south Carolina because they couldn't get married here and her parents went and she got knocked off as soon
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: as and then he went off to war. So she was by herself with his uncle, helping her and then her family. And so he's out in the korean war. But it's funny because I grew up in a in eastern north Carolina and um my high school was pretty poor, like it was public school in my middle school too. We were pretty poor, it's about 89% black and even the white kids. I mean there's a few that were kind of wealthy, but it was poor farmers, just factory workers. And so one thing I was an exchange student in France and I had grown up seeing pregnant girls since middle school. You know, like people that had, like, I remember eighth grade, this girl's on her second baby and that was the first thing I asked like my franchise school and I couldn't really say it in french. So I had to translate. I'm like, we're all the pregnant girls in the nursery. Because I had, I had grown up with just seeing like that's normal. And they looked at me like,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: heck.
SPEAKER_L: confused? And I'm like, no,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: no, like I don't see pregnant girls because I'm like, what are y'all doing here? This is bizarre to me. And they were like, well do you need to see a doctor? Like do you need help? And I'm like, I don't know. I don't think so. But I'm just curious and it was, it was such a culture shock for me. Um because you know in north Carolina schools were going to give up. But I mean my high school in France gave birth control like it will condoms. I mean they weren't prescribing birth control, but you know, there would be a day where you get all your vaccines like they call your name and they'll be like everybody that starts with last name if you're gonna get your vaccine. So it's a very strange different exposure seeing where sex education was. You know, there was an emphasis put on it so that you could prevent pregnancy versus where I grew up where you just don't talk about it because you shouldn't be doing it. But kids are going to do stuff and so then you have all the offspring. So it's just a very different experience. So I would agree with you like kids are going to do what they're gonna do and especially if it's forbidden. And so I'd rather you have tools so that you don't get a disease or God forbid bring a baby because that is, my mom was, my parents were divorced when I was an infant and, you know, my mom was a single mom and we lived my grandparents because she needed help and you know, I I kind of always wanted a dad, but I didn't have one. So, you know, it's, I know how hard it is for women to be on their own and raising kids on their own. And my mom was definitely not fully alone, so.
SPEAKER_R: See my parents were together and they got married and they're still married, but not not the best relationship
SPEAKER_L: It's working.
SPEAKER_R: to watch, you know, they were they never grew up because he was he was only two years older, she was, you know, they were babies, they were like 22 24 when they had me, their fourth child, so imagine
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: how just they just didn't grow up and they still, I mean it's funny my my partner is like 10 years older than me, so he's in between my parents age and my age
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: and and I've asked for his uh perspective, you know, I'm watching them as their kids, so I'm sure I'm judgmental of how they are and he's like no, there really a mature they they have their like in their eighties and they act like teenagers, they're still not very grown up and I'm like, okay, because I just I never really saw good parenting, thank goodness. I was a I was a good mom and still, you know, I mean my kids are grown now but that it was I had to read a lot, I was grateful for dr Phil and different shows. Ah no different people on Oprah to figure out, oh, that's what you should do when your child misbehaves, you don't Oh, okay. You know, I'm grateful for therapy and all of those things
SPEAKER_L: My grandparents
SPEAKER_R: cursed.
SPEAKER_L: were, I think by the time they had, I mean, I feel bad for them because my mom was, you know, back then, like my I remember my grandfather was dyslexic and so when he was a child, they just
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: considered him stupid and it's like, no, there's actually a real problem. Like, you know, the letters and it took many years even when his adult for someone to finally figure out what was, you know, we're his learning disability came from. But you know, I think about my mom because my mom, you know, like now we have resources to understand like autism and whatnot. And I remember they, you know, they were like, well, we're parents and you're gonna learn how to ride a bicycle. My mom's like, I do not want to ride the bicycle. And you know, they were like, well, you'll sit on the basketball until you want to learn because Children learn how to ride bicycles. And my mom sat out there until nightfall because she's, I don't want to learn the bicycle. And so I feel bad for them because that was the first experience, there was zero resources for that. And so then they had two kids after that and then I came along and my and they were really good afterwards, but I think it was hard for me. I can't imagine that you you don't have the resources to understand a child that's going to be different than any other child. And then when you're 16, like my grandma 16 when she had her pregnant at 15 and you know, you're and then my grandad come out from the war, like that's it's a lot like I think that they you know, there's some decisions that they would make that even when I was a teenager and like that seems curious to me, like I let them do that, but I learned from that too. But you know, it's it's I kind of felt pity for them because my mom is is not and she lives with me because she I encouraged her to go back to college and she then she never left and I love her dearly, and it was, you know, I used to be a little bit better about it because in my twenties it's like my mom will not move out of my house, I don't understand and you know, now it it works really well, like, you know, especially when I would travel, my mom helps me out a lot and in many ways when I just don't have time to do things. But um it was a it took a while to get there because of, you know, my mom socially, she social interactions confused her. Um and then people get confused by her because she doesn't really know how to read the room and um and then
SPEAKER_R: I have a son who has Asperger's
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: so I know.
SPEAKER_L: so you so you understand it's and you know, like, you know, my family, like, she'll say things and and sometimes my cousins like, God, that really hurt my feelings and she's like, can I know your mama did not mean for it to? And I'm like, no, she doesn't. She, she just, she thinks that, you know, you asked her opinion. So she told her no, you're the names you're thinking of for your Children sound like dog names. And I'm like, but in my, in my mom's mind, she's like, of course I'm telling you this because this is the honest truth. And I'm like, but you know, so I kind of, I feel like my grandparents, gosh, like that was a harder one to start with versus her sisters who were, you know, very, you know, oh, I forgot the word neuro typical. And uh so my mom was kind of the one that broke the mold with them and I think they had to grow up a lot because they could not like working even schools. It was it was always just a challenge um to advocate for their daughter when others sometimes didn't understand either.
SPEAKER_R: You know, so my son Ethan had grew up with a he was born with a genetic bone disorder that they just really in the last 10 years he's 28 now are realizing that asperger's comes with that because there's a weird thing with a with how proteins are assimilated in the body that caused bone tumors. Benign bone tumors to his body. But it also causes other
SPEAKER_L: expectations.
SPEAKER_R: issues like dyslexia, he had dyslexia. I always knew that socially he was different and that he was, you know, there are just things he'd look at me and he just knew like that thing about not writing a bike. He was there were things he would not do and you did not matter how much I wanted
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: him to do them or how much I told him why or what was logical and so I just learned to just roll with it. But it was such a relief when when his his condition is called multiple hereditary exist. Asus. M. A. G. It's a really rare bone thing and when they started doing research in the last just a dozen years because it's so rare they haven't done much research on it. Um To find out that he that they there are social issues and there are asperger GTA. You know when I told him I I've wade so should I tell listen should I when I told him he just said that is such a relief. Oh my gosh I've always known I'm different. Oh so grateful to know that. It's not that I'm just weird because I can't understand people very well and he's still I watched him he doesn't want to do things of certain people that are safe aren't there with him he wants to only be with the safe people. He's always been that way you know and I just think well at least he's pretty high functioning. You know he can work. Which is I never thought he'd be able to mostly because of physical stuff. But also you know you add in physical issues mixed with social issues and that's a lovely cocktail.
SPEAKER_L: My mom likes, she got this job at american Airlines and I had worked a little part time job with them so I knew how the interviews will work and they were doing a big hiring thing here and I remember because it is and I knew there would be a telephone interview and then there would be a group interview so I at least had known all that and so in the house because you know I knew when they would call her for the interview, my mom, she was just kind of forget everything. So I literally our house for like this two weeks I plastered every room with the notes on the wall. Like even things like smile while you're talking to them giggle once and you know, and I knew what the format of the group interviews and what they would ask and I told her, I said, I don't care which order they asked a question you answer the very first one first, make sure. And so she did that. And it's funny because for an airline person, so she, she works with the elite passengers and uh, and reservations and so on there like their elite passenger program and it works really well for her because you have to know all the rules and my mom is extremely well driven. She's very pierce the day that here's this. And it's funny because she had a wonderful manager who knew that my mom was a little bit different and she helped my mama locks, she listened to the call and my mom was like one of the causes like I'm sorry that your father has died. However with the fare basis code that you have on this ticket, we do not offer a and the manager was like, hey, you know what? You gave him the right information. I'm so glad about that. She's like, but just paul's like, I'm sorry that your father has died before you hit him with the other stuff. And my mom on the meanwhile she's like, I'm just trying to give them the information she needs. So she has learned that. And she had a really wonderful manager that I think must have had somebody in her family that she understood and so she didn't penalize her, she just really supported her. And you know it's funny because she deals with these elite passengers who want to be on and off the phone, they don't want to chitchat. So she's so good at that because she will tell you, you know, she she knows it all in her heart about I can't do this, can't do this and so they appreciate that because they don't want to chitchat, they just want to get you know, they're going off to their next flight or next business trip or whatever. Um But it's like it finally it was like a blessing. So like something came along that worked perfectly with how, you know, she doesn't have to be super social but she enjoys a little chit chat. She gets um that's exciting, you're going to New Orleans, I like history, you know, and and that that's that fills her and so, but it's also appeals to her rule, her structure of rules and following codes and and so it it was like a blessing that she got that. But I remember just getting her through the interviews, I didn't think she'd be able to find a job that really she could maintain and and this now she's had it for like 12, 13 years and
SPEAKER_R: Wow. That's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: and they appreciate
SPEAKER_R: You're such
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: a good daughter.
SPEAKER_L: Well there
SPEAKER_R: It's a
SPEAKER_L: have been times where I have not been perfect, it's been like having
SPEAKER_R: is?
SPEAKER_L: a teenager time
SPEAKER_R: I'm a good mother and I have not been perfect believe
SPEAKER_L: well we're humans
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: but I can I can imagine like it's you know, one of my family members asked me, they're like, do you ever want kids? And I'm like I think that ship has sailed now, it's like no I I respect being a good parent is a lot of work and I said you know what, I don't think that I'm suited for that and I said I think that I have done my karmic good daughter thing and I'm like I just don't think that I have it in me to to raise another human being. Um I don't like and I I love my my little nieces and nephews and um but I like being the fun aunt like you know I'm not gonna give you socks for christmas because I want to be fun and I'm gonna give you coloring books and like something that makes noise that your mom will probably hate me over later but I want to be fun and and I said that you know I get joy out of that but um I think being a parent is really ridiculously hard.
SPEAKER_R: Now that I might have grown I really I would not do it again. But it was wonderful at the time. I mean you know if I if they got someone pregnant and had to move in and said mom tape
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: via grandma full time I'd be like, fuck no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: This is my time. Thanks. But I mean I say that, but I love my, I love my kids and you know, we've been lucky, we don't, haven't had, you know, drug addicts or I mean we've had experimenters, which is fine, but we haven't had much of the stuff that so many, especially with a dozen kids between us. Really, really lucky, you know, two and they're doing their passions and all really engaged, right? Amazing people. We're just really lucky. So,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that that
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: that's a blessing because some people are just not that lucky. That
SPEAKER_R: I love,
SPEAKER_L: blessing.
SPEAKER_R: I just loved it. I loved being a mom. I loved every, every stage. I loved all of it. So I'm just, but I do not want to do
SPEAKER_L: Kids,
SPEAKER_R: it again, nope, nope, nope. I totally get not wanting to have kids. And so I tell my kids, you know, like my oldest son is married to the lead singer in one of his band, season two bands and both really quite successful. But I get it if they never want to have kids, I mean, would I choose turning europe or having a snotty poopy p baby. I'd probably choose during europe any day singing heck yeah. You know, getting to share the stage with people like King Diamond and you know, I mean, heck yeah, that's so I get it. Yeah, Blue oyster cult, you know, getting to meet your p roast.
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: Gosh,
SPEAKER_L: that. I totally get that to like there's time for other stuff later. I mean it's I totally get that like it's a, you know, it's I think that that's the guy I was telling someone and my cousins, like I'm just selfish like every weekend you're doing Playdates and little sport things and this and that like when do you and your husband have time to connect? Like you know, I guard
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: that time um you know during the week and I'm exhausted with the work or whatever, so the weekend for my boyfriend and I and it's funny, I mean we see each other every day, we do not live together because you know, I kind of like having, I spend the night a few nights week, but then I like have it coming home and um but I I really treasure our weekends, like where we can just, even if we're just sitting on the couch reading news stories to each other, I try chairs that so it would be hard for me to give up every weekend just center around the kids. Like how would be hard, Like I I don't think that I would enjoy that, maybe that makes me selfish, but that would be that
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: would be very hard for me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think, I don't think be deciding what you want, your life to be is selfish. It's not for me that I just like, I knew I wanted to be a mom, but I totally get not wanting to because you want to kill them half the time when you have to hear but mom, why do cars have ran tires and not square ones 47 times in an hour? And so you're just like, I swear to God.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mom used to say she was like, you know when you hit about 13 and 14, she's like, I loved you so much, I didn't like you, but I loved you and I'm like wow that's that's really direct. She's like, she's like, you know their Children go through page stages of being complete selfish narcissist as their you know like toddlers. She's like and then they get their joy and then they get back to that. I hate my mom. I don't have to listen to you. I'm in a daughter. She's like, you know it's hard being a parent. She's like so there are times where I didn't like you, I loved you and I would do anything but I did not really like you. So I found that very kind of insightful that she's like I didn't really like you then it's really not. I wasn't my Gm at the time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it has been so wonderful to
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: sit,
SPEAKER_L: we are
SPEAKER_R: sit
SPEAKER_L: over
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: talk
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I think we have to the survey now so
SPEAKER_R: Maybe they'll fire us. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think they will. Hey. Well basically like our I think our $14 or something. So
SPEAKER_R: Who life is good?
SPEAKER_L: wonderful. Let's keep healthy.
SPEAKER_R: You too. You, too and enjoy your weekends.
SPEAKER_L: You too
SPEAKER_R: That's coming up.
SPEAKER_L: you to take care of yourself.
SPEAKER_R: bye. Bye.