Hi.
Good, how are you doing? I'm Raylene,
Nice to meet you.
The stock? Yeah. Yeah. Where are you located?
I'm in Utah.
Yeah. Yeah. You're a little later.
Cool. I have a couple of step kids that live in Ashville. Yeah.
Yeah. They love it.
wow.
I haven't been there. I lived in charleston long ago when my ex husband was in the Navy.
But yeah. Yeah. So that's my only living in the south. I mean I used to work in new Orleans all the time,
but we traveled there and rented, you know for would rent a place for a month or two as we worked there. But yeah.
Yeah. Well what are you doing your job?
Do you
like what you do?
Yeah. I I was the director of marketing for a mortgage company and did all of it from home
and
well I didn't have any issues with that actually. I work too much. I was like I would work 10 and 12 hour days because it would just blend, you know, I'd like run downstairs and make dinner and then end up with 45 emails, you know, and just get buried. But yeah, I I love working from home and when I would go into the office it was like, could you please stop talking to me, people would just drive me bonkers. It's like, how do you get anything done? Oh my gosh!
But it is hard to feel like you're on a team if you're always at least for me because I, you know, I worked pretty much worked by myself, did all the stuff and so I didn't feel as connected to, you know, the people at the office,
so.
I don't know. It's just been fun. I just sort of like doing and I guess I probably think that I know shit or something. I don't know. I don't know. It's like I I I think it's fun because they're there, they tend to be more about how people think rather than about like consumer stuff that kind of stuff doesn't I just don't care all that much, but I care about cultural things and where we're going politically and all of that, so I like prolific because of that.
little.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh it is, it's sad to me. I mean I I have cried a lot of tears just thinking, come on people, we were humans here. We all just want to love our kids and our grandkids and go to work and have health. We all want the same things we really do when you get down to it, we all do. And I mean, I think there are certain people that want things to exclude other people and those people, you know, when the white supremacists, that that's so disturbing to me. Um but they still want to love their families, they still want to love their kids. And if we can find those like places and nobody wants to get sick right now,
nobody.
So I know it really is. I mean, I I used to do all the social media for the for my company, so I was constantly on all the platforms and having to see what was going on. It's really nice not to have to be on there
and not have to keep
up.
How we bridge that gap.
Yes. Yeah. Oh gosh, f. I mean, and people being angry about masks making masks political, it's just like holy smokes. I even if it, even if it only helps a bit, I'm more than willing to do that to show that I value your life and I want to protect you. But that's just me, you know, and yet I'm in Utah where there are so many anti maskers
and it is that, oh my gosh. Oh and it's, and the hospitals are like a capacity were one of the states that's doing the worst right now, which doesn't surprise me at all. And I don't know, I think we're just going to have to find that we need to take care of each other and care, you
know
what?
Two
That's exactly. I mean, I don't think you have to wear them when you're on the trail either. I mean if you're going to be standing there talking to someone, okay, pull the mask out, put it on. But when you're outside, they say that you should be okay that it's more about the exposure. So I totally agree. I it's just so weird. I don't know. I mean, I literally, my partner is because I have like some auto immune issues. He has gone to the store for all ourselves. I have not been in a store since March. It is, yeah. Is that amazing? We were just talking about that because I waited in the car when he went in to get water today for set our water store. And, and I'm like, man, I am so ready to shop again. And,
but I, I just have too many weird preconditions
that
it's like, uh I'm not, I just can't do this because I don't have any grandkids yet, but I'd like to see them if that ever happens. I don't know. Maybe my son's never will decide to have kids, but and that's cool too, totally their choice. But, you know, I would like to be alive for that. So, you know, I
don't
know.
I know. And it I hate that I feel suspicious when I see people not wearing a mask when we're out. You know, like I'm just in the car and he's shopping or whatever and it's interesting to watch people and just think so you really don't care about other people at all, do you? And I hate that I have those suspicious thoughts about my my neighbors and my people that live around here. It's just I wonder what is going to do to a sociologically, you know, how well how will start thinking and being with other people? Maybe it will. Maybe I'm hoping it ends up being a good thing that they get a lot of information about different um diseases with all the research they're doing and all of that. But I don't know. It's really we're in some really tumultuous weird times. It's like, wow, I've said to my kids, I'm sorry my generation screwed up the world for you guys. So sorry.
Yeah. Being passive. Yeah, it's interesting. I have 10 step Children and my own and two of my kids and they're all so very involved and all quite vocal. All of them liberal. Uh it's really interesting. It would be tough. I think they probably eat their eat their siblings if they weren't. Because there also, I mean one of them is so radically liberal
and uh it's just so fun to watch them talk about their ideas and you know, online and bad things back and forth. 11 of the kids lives in London, another son is moving to Ireland in, yeah, in june my son has a heavy metal dude. So each, they tour europe
all
the time. So we have, yeah, it's really fun to just watch them expand their views and and listen to what they've learned. They are so much smarter than I ever was at their age because they just have so much access to so much
knowledge
and they care so deeply.
I'm
it's
Mm hmm. Yeah, it's, I'm really proud of them. All the guys are such feminists and I'm just so happy to see them going online. Hey dude, back off, you don't get to talk to her like that, you're really making an ass of yourself,
you know? And I just like that there so very different than the culture I grew up in and the way I saw men and how men treated women. You know? I mean I'm I'm 59 50 how old am I? 59? And it's just so weird because women were just able to get their own like credit cards when I was a team and I mean think of that I was a teen and I remember when women couldn't get mortgages and they couldn't have their own credit cards or in some states couldn't even open their own bank accounts. Even if they were single, their dads had to co sign, Can you imagine?
So I
mean it just it makes my blood boil to think of it, you know? And um so many so many young girls don't get that there were women who literally died so that you could cast the vote,
you
know?
No.
But we still have a long way to go. We still don't, we still don't get listened to when women are harassed
even though we can report it, not much gets done. So there's we've got a long ways to go. I'm grateful for how far we have come. But it's like I tell some of my my younger friends in their twenties and thirties, I feel an obligation to keep fighting for you. I do because I don't want you to lose your right to reproductive health and your right to choose when you start a family or don't at all, it's your choice and I don't want you to lose that. And and they're like, yeah, I didn't even realize it because it was embarrassing when I was getting married to even talk about birth control or anything like that. I mean it was just a different time,
so
Death sentence,
Down
there, just hold
it,
just
hold it
in.
My youngest step daughter when she was 14 did ask me for birth control and I was so proud of her, her mom threw a fit and said no way. And I said, hell yeah, I said are you still planning on being sexually active with this guy? And she said yes, and I said yes, we'll go get your birth control. I would much rather be dealing with your mom mad at me about birth control than you pregnant at 14. My mom was pregnant at 14 and I know how hard that was. She had my oldest sister when she was 15, if you can imagine. Oh,
but
What
the
heck.
All
See my parents were together and they got married and they're still married, but not not the best relationship
to watch, you know, they were they never grew up because he was he was only two years older, she was, you know, they were babies, they were like 22 24 when they had me, their fourth child, so imagine
how just they just didn't grow up and they still, I mean it's funny my my partner is like 10 years older than me, so he's in between my parents age and my age
and and I've asked for his uh perspective, you know, I'm watching them as their kids, so I'm sure I'm judgmental of how they are and he's like no, there really a mature they they have their like in their eighties and they act like teenagers, they're still not very grown up and I'm like, okay, because I just I never really saw good parenting, thank goodness. I was a I was a good mom and still, you know, I mean my kids are grown now but that it was I had to read a lot, I was grateful for dr Phil and different shows. Ah no different people on Oprah to figure out, oh, that's what you should do when your child misbehaves, you don't Oh, okay. You know, I'm grateful for therapy and all of those things
cursed.
All
I have a son who has Asperger's
so I know.
You know, so my son Ethan had grew up with a he was born with a genetic bone disorder that they just really in the last 10 years he's 28 now are realizing that asperger's comes with that because there's a weird thing with a with how proteins are assimilated in the body that caused bone tumors. Benign bone tumors to his body. But it also causes other
issues like dyslexia, he had dyslexia. I always knew that socially he was different and that he was, you know, there are just things he'd look at me and he just knew like that thing about not writing a bike. He was there were things he would not do and you did not matter how much I wanted
him to do them or how much I told him why or what was logical and so I just learned to just roll with it. But it was such a relief when when his his condition is called multiple hereditary exist. Asus. M. A. G. It's a really rare bone thing and when they started doing research in the last just a dozen years because it's so rare they haven't done much research on it. Um To find out that he that they there are social issues and there are asperger GTA. You know when I told him I I've wade so should I tell listen should I when I told him he just said that is such a relief. Oh my gosh I've always known I'm different. Oh so grateful to know that. It's not that I'm just weird because I can't understand people very well and he's still I watched him he doesn't want to do things of certain people that are safe aren't there with him he wants to only be with the safe people. He's always been that way you know and I just think well at least he's pretty high functioning. You know he can work. Which is I never thought he'd be able to mostly because of physical stuff. But also you know you add in physical issues mixed with social issues and that's a lovely cocktail.
Wow. That's so cool.
You're such
a good daughter.
It's a
is?
I'm a good mother and I have not been perfect believe
me.
Now that I might have grown I really I would not do it again. But it was wonderful at the time. I mean you know if I if they got someone pregnant and had to move in and said mom tape
via grandma full time I'd be like, fuck no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is my time. Thanks. But I mean I say that, but I love my, I love my kids and you know, we've been lucky, we don't, haven't had, you know, drug addicts or I mean we've had experimenters, which is fine, but we haven't had much of the stuff that so many, especially with a dozen kids between us. Really, really lucky, you know, two and they're doing their passions and all really engaged, right? Amazing people. We're just really lucky. So,
you
know,
I love,
I just loved it. I loved being a mom. I loved every, every stage. I loved all of it. So I'm just, but I do not want to do
it again, nope, nope, nope. I totally get not wanting to have kids. And so I tell my kids, you know, like my oldest son is married to the lead singer in one of his band, season two bands and both really quite successful. But I get it if they never want to have kids, I mean, would I choose turning europe or having a snotty poopy p baby. I'd probably choose during europe any day singing heck yeah. You know, getting to share the stage with people like King Diamond and you know, I mean, heck yeah, that's so I get it. Yeah, Blue oyster cult, you know, getting to meet your p roast.
Gosh,
don't,
no.
I don't think, I don't think be deciding what you want, your life to be is selfish. It's not for me that I just like, I knew I wanted to be a mom, but I totally get not wanting to because you want to kill them half the time when you have to hear but mom, why do cars have ran tires and not square ones 47 times in an hour? And so you're just like, I swear to God.
Yeah. Well, it has been so wonderful to
sit,
sit
and
talk
with
you.
Maybe they'll fire us. Oh.
Who life is good?
You too. You, too and enjoy your weekends.
That's coming up.
bye. Bye.