No. Hello?
I'm good. You?
That's
good.
My friend told me about it and I needed
some
extra money so I decided to do it.
Yeah. Like I feel like there are so many other sides were like, oh, make money and then you like, don't actually know if you can trust them, but I feel like prolific. It's like super nice because you kind of know off the bat, you know, it's like very professional.
Yeah. Where are you from?
What? You're in Washington too?
I'm currently in s o clock, but my friend goes to school in Bellingham who recommended me this site. She goes to Western.
I'm
just
Oh, okay. So we're not too far apart in age because I graduated last year, so this will be my second year of college. That's weird to say. Right?
Yeah. I've been like finding like, so I go to Bellevue College and it's like, it used to be a community college, but now it's just like a regular one because it has
a couple of four years, but it's still considered a community college. But um like a lot of the classes are now online and like some of them that I want to take like for my major, they have um you know, scheduled times and I'm like well I don't really want to take a class online if I have to like, you know, commit to a certain time to a degree, you know, because it's
like well I want to be able to work and stuff, you know, if I need to. And so it's been like kind of difficult finding a job and then scheduling classes on top of that.
Yeah. Yeah, it's really bad. I mean I took some online classes when I was still in my first year, so it's not super different from me, but I would have thought that they would have like excused some of the fees because where I go to Cool, they have like a $52 online learning feet. And so it's for every single class, which is a little ridiculous. Really?
Oh my gosh.
You pay
for like medical and like tuition and like just I guess like campus stuff if you're living in dorms too.
I
think my theory is that like a lot of kids who did like full time at um you know bigger colleges are now going to like community colleges and stuff because like a lot of my classes at Bellevue filled up really quickly um like we have about a month, you know until classes start and like almost everything is filled up and it's like uh
yeah it's all online, but I think they've reduced some of the classes, but I'm not entirely sure. Like I know they still have like some stuff like chemistry and some physics stuff online. Yeah, I'm like, oh, that's
Yeah, but like, almost every single math class is almost always filled up. So yeah,
I'm trying to take calculus one, but there's like one class that hasn't filled up, so I have to get on it soon.
I
okay, so I took ap calculus in my senior year and I completely bombed it because I didn't apply myself.
It
is
though.
Yeah. About halfway through, I'm like, I don't know what anything means anymore. I'm
like, why am I doing this? I can't remember what this even means.
Oh my God, I can't even fucking remember. All I know
is you find
the slope
of the slope.
This sex.
gosh.
No,
this.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. I mean luckily for whatever reason my teacher put a pdf download of the entire book on her website and so I downloaded it at one point. So now I have the entire book and I'm like, oh, resources.
I mean I used to be super good at math. Like I think I passed, I passed pre calc I think like with the B plus or something and I never opened the textbook or whatever. But then like um cal Karol's are long and I'm like, oh fuck yeah.
It's
oh yeah, it's
like a completely
different
map. Yeah.
That
was fun.
Yeah. No, I can't remember. You get rid of like the B portion of like Y equals Mx plus B. And then you take X down a degree. I don't you did some sort of witchcraft, I can't remember
what.
Um I really want to take chemistry just because I think that's what I want to do but it's hard getting into classes because they like again just fill up so fast and they have like set times. Um
So like because it's like a community college like mindset, they had some classes like from five o'clock P. M. To seven o'clock PM and I'm like that would have been perfect but it filled up so.
Remember
I had a friend who was taking chemistry I think the same year as myself maybe and she had a chemistry teacher and she got pregnant and so like
two months in, they had a sub for the entire year and apparently the sub was awful because he was a sub
teachers always be getting pregnant.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I
also
um I guess it was fun, but I think I was
to
cringe e so I block it all out, you know, it's just like why did I do that? And that's all I can remember. So I'm like block.
Yeah. It's really weird because in college there are too many kids to keep track of a reputation, you know?
I don't have that because I go to a community college, so everyone is there and they're like dumb.
No.
I mean that's what I found, it's like kind of depressing because it's like I don't have any real friends because they all abandoned me after high school. And then like I have people I have like, I know because the classes, but with corona and stuff, you know, it's more difficult to be social. So I'm like, fuck now I got my brothers that shit.
That.
I mean,
But yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah. I don't know any people like that. So it's like interesting to hear because like I see on Youtube or whatever, like James, Charles and whatever the hell. You know, they go to like Ella parties and I'm like, that happens. What is it only them? And then like you're saying, you know, other people do that. I'm like,
how the
Yeah. I don't
get that. I mean,
I'm
just anti social so I wouldn't know.
Dead.
Exactly.
Oh
That's
Yeah. I live at home, so I have two younger brothers, so it was like, well, I don't want to move away and leave my parents because they're divorced um with my brothers because they both have like really big jobs and so they can't always do that. So
I generally stay at home and watch my brothers, so it's like a matter of like picking them up from school and making sure they're getting their stuff done. So
like
Um once 14 and the other is 12, so
they do
my parents
do so. Yeah.
But yeah, I mean they're boys, so there's no like grudges or like, I don't know, my mom had a bunch of sisters, so there's not a lot of infighting. It's just fighting. It's like you get out of my effing bathroom and they're like, it's not your personal bathroom. And I'm like, it is though. Yes.
Yeah. They have like a bathroom downstairs where they are, so that's their bathroom. So I'm like, go use your arm and they're like, yours is closer. I'm like, I don't care. So. Yeah.
I'm the only girl too, so super benefits. Really?
Hey?
Yeah. I'm like, they're gross and they stink up my bathroom. But yeah,
exactly. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. But you mentioned you have an older sister. Is that your only sibling?
Well, that's
Well, that's nice, I guess.
I have two dogs with me. I have three women dogs on tour with me. Let me show you to the to you.
This is chip.
Chip.
Yeah. Like, I was going to name a chocolate chip because he's a Dapple. I don't know if you can tell but
I thought chocolate was
to mainstream of a name. So I named him Chip
You.
He's like 11 or 12 I want to say. Yeah, I think he's 12. Yeah.
And
then
and
then
this is Toby
hey buddy, he's very fluffy.
He's like two or 3. So he's he's a little bit older but he's still kind of, he's the puppy and the family. Really?
Yeah. Her name is piper, she's the very youngest. She's only like a year or so old and um she is like very, she's very energetic. These two are super calm, but she's like super hyper.
Yeah. She like barks at all the neighbors, you know, she's very protective of us despite
the fact she's like 6" tall.
So.
Oh yeah, definitely. But
she's a flight
risk. She'll run away and chase a rabbit or whoever, so.
Thank
you.
Trump.
I
had
yeah well you get a lot of bunnies in this car too. I mean I remember beginning of quarantine, you would just see animals everywhere. I'm like it was crazy. Mhm.
The other year our dogs got fleas because we think because the bunnies were there and it was like the worst experience ever. I got so paranoid like going to bed at night. It was
the worst.
No
like
I
mean
you pull back your sheets and you're like I do I see any fleas and you're like is that dirt or is that a flea? And you're like it's three a.m. I should probably just deal with it and go to bed
there.
No
it's so horrible. Um Yeah we tried using like the clinical shampoo stuff but that didn't really work and then there's like a bunch of like these like sprays it's got like mint and other like fruit shit in it and it worked super well so that was awesome.
Yeah I bet.
Yeah and like really bad conditions. I mean obviously if you're not like washing yourself you know more likely but you know just,
All
I hate moths. I often hate moths when
they just freak me out. I don't like them because
like
um because like we went to a camp in like fifth grade called the camp or Kyla on Orcas Island and so everyone would have a pet caterpillar and they were fuzzy and then I found out that they were like moth caterpillars and I got freaked out. And then um another time a moth flew into my shower and that was like horrifying.
Yeah. I hate them so much like not to like run away but I just hate the thought of them, you know?
Oh yeah, I'm totally cool with butterflies,
you know?
No mas like.
And
yeah, it's
just
like
Yeah. I think that was the one that flew in but yeah. Um like I'm cool with them. It's just I don't want them near me. Is it then?
Like a foot.
say
I
like have a fear of them but like really it's just
like
with
exactly. Like I'd rather not be around a moth
probably spider because like I don't like other blogs. Yeah. I mean like I have no problems with spiders. I mean they just create their little webs and they catch other bugs and like, I mean having spiders in my room is preferable to mosquitoes is my thing.
unpopular opinion.
my
gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Probably
the fact that there's a small, you know, you're like, oh, it's just a like small ass spider, whatever.
Oh yeah. Like if I see a big one, I mean I'd like probably crush it or try my best to get it outside, but like big ones can go, they belong outside. They're no longer house spiders.
Adam
Yeah. I mean it's just difficult to deal with them.
I hate heights.
No. Yeah. Heights are not fun. I have this irrational fear of falling into a port a potty and not being able to get out.
like
I've
fallen
into like the toilet because someone left the seat up, but like falling into a porta potty would be like 100 times worse.
I don't know because I know they don't go into the ground so logically there not that date, but also illogically I'm like, you have no clue how deep that is.
I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah.
I I can somewhat do horror movies, like I'm fine with blood and guts, but anything dealing with any like gross things like that, I'm like, I'm out.
yeah, I watched the saw movies and I was doing something else and so I look up and I'd be like, oh, I guess that's happening.
it's like the concept you can't really handle. I feel like
Yeah, that's
it.
Oh, my name's Delaney.
We just started talking and really get what's up, bud.
Yes.
Nice to meet you too, Kara.
You too.
I will you too. Back
at
you.
Yeah. We just close out to see you.