Hello?
Yeah, how are you?
You're pretty good.
So
how did you get into prolific
with
this?
Yeah, I saw something on Tiktok, so I was like, okay, I'll start it out. It's like some lady, she's like, yeah, this is how you make money online as like someone who's young, I guess. And prolific. Was one of the only ones that worked for me though.
I agree. To,
and I'm from belly ham Washington.
Where are you from?
Oh, yeah, as soon as a good school I
grew
up here, I went to, yeah, I went to high school here and the running start program. And then, and then I still haven't decided what I wanted to do, because I graduated just just this year, I guess.
Well, it's nice because I did the running start programs, so I got I got a s um, I agree. But yeah, I don't know. It's weird because I don't, I haven't planned on what I'm gonna do next for college carrots, one, Corona too. I don't know what I'm going to do, you know, et cetera? Yeah.
And then
completed.
Yeah. Actually it's so weird with Corona all like schools. I mean it's kind of a ridiculous how you have to pay full price for like half the experience.
Yeah, especially they're going to like more expensive schools like say job, I got my sister's going and she can't, she can't do online classes to, we want to, she just cannot focus herself, wow. So it's like she has to like still live in Seattle,
which is really expensive and then she can't do all that classes cause she'll feel though sadly so good to it. She really is. It's just she can't do more like classes. Uh It's kind of ridiculous because you have to pay for everything, you have to pay for the whole experience, so no discounts, you've got to pay for like what do you even pay for, like, teachers and stuff? The first
is quite,
but you're not getting the campus stuff, you're
just,
is it like all online?
But some part,
are you taking any male classes?
I took calculus one and I didn't like it,
it's terrible.
Well it's hard and
there's
so
it's like literally math is like another language, so first you have to learn the other language and then you have to be smart enough to apply it, it's like a two step thing and it's impossible.
like
do you remember all the like rules for like derivatives or whatever?
There's
10
of them
and you have to know you have to know all of them, like you have to have them memorized two, And they're all really complicated and you have to like, you have to be like, Okay, so here's this really complicated math problem. Now, I have to go back into my memory of these 10. Really hard to understand a concept and then figure out which one I have to apply first. You have to do like so many
of them. I was just so bad. I remember my teacher, he gave us like an exam, you know, and it was so hard that we all failed. So he never gave it back to us as a take home exam. Mhm.
And so then we all just went to the math learning center and we'll just work together,
you're
not supposed to do. But yeah, but yeah,
it's worked. And then he's like, he's like, oh yeah, I made the problems harder than the practice
once I gave you. And he's like, it's so that, you know you can I don't even know what his logic was for that. Well some teachers do that. They're like oh yeah the practice problems they're not going to be like what's up? Like sam I'm just giving you these practice. It's like that doesn't help me at all.
Yeah. Actually though math is still hard though to like but you have to read it and understand it and that that's hard and apply it. All right.
Well I feel like pre co it's a lot of like I just
feel like it's a lot less memorizing.
It's a lot
more just
math.
you do more problem solving than you do knowing the steps and that's why this is kind of like another language is because you have to like no everything and what it means. There's so many new concepts that come in with calculus. I feel like versus pre it's just, it's like a little baby step. That's really not that bad. I liked recalled a lot though. We're
deep.
Yeah, there wasn't scary things like derivatives and I don't remember, I just remember drip, it is part for me. You have to change them was here to like you get a problem, remember. And then you have to like currently, like you wrote it differently, like you like make the first number like lower or something or higher and then the exponential would go, would go down you were there.
Actually
it's crazy. So many different stuff. Well other classes are you taking?
Right,
accountable. I like to chemistry kind of and she was a remember my, sorry, I'm just going off at stories, but I remember in my high school chemistry class, our teacher didn't teach us like what atoms were or like how they work. And then he was like making adam model like as like a fun project or whatever and like nobody got it right. You never taught us having to get out and like only one person in it, right? And we're all just super confused. And then I remember I went to my community college and in nutrition and the teacher just explain Adams so easily. And I was like, why why couldn't my other teacher do this? Because he never taught us Adams at all and he was in chemistry and this other computers in nutrition. And I could teach like usual protons and neutrons and you will turn it's so much easier. Mhm. Do
you think?
Whoa.
Yeah. I don't know. Teachers are so interesting sometimes.
Yeah. What, what are they doing were first priority over here? What do they do and live in their own lives? So freaking rude.
Did
you like high school
you
see?
Yeah. Little little I don't know. Everyone was weird in high school. It's so nice being out of high school though. I mean like for me, I took a running start so it's like I kind of left junior senior year, but I don't know every time I like went back, I would just feel like this like tension of everyone's like in their own groups looking at me, you know like they weren't but it's like well they kind of are they kind of just judge everyone in their own little groups. It's like I just didn't like that. Like everyone has like a reputation almost.
you don't know them. It's not like he grew up with most of them. It's just like and I feel like that gets rid of like a lot of toxicity of people in general, but you know, there's also like the popular people who just grow up to be mean sorority people.
Yeah, but it's nice. Everyone just, I remember as soon as I went to his community college, I used to be like, in high school, I would be like, you know, cute clothes tight, fashionable, do my hair and makeup. And then the instant I get to community college, I'm like, sweatpants, sweatshirt, no makeup, no hair, You know that every day I was like, this is great. Didn't have to worry about it because no one cares at
all. And it's so much it's, I don't know, and I kind of like it because it's like, you can make friends, but then like you just move on after kind of, but you know?
Well,
I mean that's what you're supposed to be doing technically, you see those people who are quarantining at all and you're kind of like you feel kind of bad trying
to feel hateful. I mean at least I do, like I see people who like party every night like getting drunk and it's like,
like in big party situations
to what are you like? Like they're just doing it shamelessly to like their little and posting their Snapchat stories like every single day.
what
it is like, they're all like
many
and
I
well that's good though, that's I think that's really all like you have an excuse now, you know? That's kind of why I'm feeling, it's like if you're an introvert you're like, yeah, I'm used to this,
get used to my lifestyle, you know? Yeah.
Oh but
yeah, there's plenty of people still partying and all this stuff And they say now that we're in Phase two, you're supposed to be able to like have a group of like five people you can hang out with or whatever. And I mean that's not too bad. Like open hanging out with my good friend who lives on the lake, so I've been going over to her house a lot.
I mean she's probably the only person I've been hanging out with. And I mean there's some people who can't really control it because they have roommates or whatever, so they have to stay quarantine them and then if they want to go home, you know, they are going to see more people like their siblings and stuff. Are you at home?
Beef.
How old are
they?
They should be paying you for that,
isn't it?
Good
because you're like the babysitter now? at home Danny, taking care of the wilderness. Oh, the way you guys get along?
they have their bathroom two or like guest bathroom?
I feel like that's an older sibling to you, kind of get those those benefits. Yeah.
Yeah. You should get the only bathroom,
the your own bathroom you don't want to share with two little boys.
it's your your area,
yep, I just got another sister, she is um 22. She's going to U Dub. We've had we get along pretty well for most sisters, especially now that she's moved out mostly with about you kind of you don't have that much of troubling. It said I've always really looked up to her so I like her a lot. She's the sweetest person too as much as we do fight, you know, like I can still really appreciate her as a person and be like, yeah, she's super cool. She's very much a peacemaker and very nice and bubbly and happy. So
I just adore her. Yeah. But yeah, when we were little we used to always fight the, especially about clothes and that was me because I would steal all of her clothes and she just had a no borrowing clothes policy and that really pissed me on. And so it just, I was a little bit of a clue up close. Aholic I guess. So it it costs a lot of issues but that was about it.
yeah, I would say so too. Do any sports, any pets?
I love dogs.
Yes. Who is this? What's it say
tip.
Thank
you.
I like it a lot. It's so cute. He's so
calm. How old is he?
Small.
Small
but lived pretty long though.
What's his
name?
Oh, how beautiful is Toby? Huh?
I don't know, I love this, this is great. How old is Toby?
he's still a puppy. He said he had a 3rd 1, right?
So she's out running around the house.
Tom
sometimes
I think they're bigger than they are.
I didn't keep
it.
I'm staying with my dog. It's, I mean it's not as bad, but it's like if you open the door then like we're not used to her like running out. So like some were like, oh come back. You know, we also taught her how to walk off leash on trails and stuff because she's a she's a labrador, springing lyrics. So she's like this really really really energetic. She really, really a lot to walk every single day. Uh We'll take her to go off trail. If she sees a bunny
then
like it she'll
run away, you not want to come back, but she's not too bad, but it's still like quite annoying Especially since like 40 bodies this year. Have
you seen a lot
of them here?
Yeah, I don't know, we have our user, it's like there's a lot of monies uh and then it kind of like dies down and then there's like a lot of troubles this year. It's really bad though. I'm trying to emulate, she like every time you drive to her house she used to like three bunnies at least like just running around her property. We have so many.
were
you scared? You're going to get the fleas. Well you can't
get please
but
you
know.
I know, but they're gross. I'm not
a fan of bugs
Angola.
Oh yeah, that's good because they're not they're not too bad to get rid of if it's not too bad let's just try to like okay I'm pretty sure we had as we had oh no not for fleas. But she's she had fleas when they first got heard and they were pretty easy to get rid of. But I remember one time she had like a little I thought it was like a little like white thing on her face that wasn't attached. So I remember I got like these little tweezers and I was like this this doesn't look good, like I gotta get rid of it, which sounds bad but just just wait and then I saw I like got a really good grip on it and I'm like 123 and I rip it off and it's like a tick, a giant tip, it was so fat and juicy and it looks like so it looks like a giant pimple or something. I don't know. So gross. She's had a couple takes I think, which is not good. Gross.
People can get text to have they.
That kind of stuff. Looks are grows, I hate spires, spiders are the worst
for me. I have like a fear aspires the really bad one.
they're okay from far away. But as soon as you get close you're like, oh
and they
fly.
Sure you had it. Hmm.
Are you okay with butterflies?
That's
weird. How can you be okay with vocalizing up? Ma
Watts are ugly. Like they're definitely like the ugly sister or whatever. But like I think butterflies are okay. But then when you get really close, you know, that's when you're like, I'm not okay with this anymore because they're really reading from a distance. We
get along with mosque here though. So I'm pretty used to mosque
and there's
no
group countries to there's like the white, like okay ones and then there's the brown fat chunky ones. These ones are the worst I'd say.
I can get that at what distance though would you be like, hell no.
Okay. That's not too bad. That's
pretty
good.
You
just
really highly disliked them. Oh,
would you rather be around um, alter spider?
I don't know how you feel about that. That's courtesy. I
Yeah. I really don't flip with spiders. I remember I remember one time there was a spider on my ceiling and so I'm like, mom is a spider on my feeling because it's right about my bread. And she's like, well I can't help you because she's also scared excited. So what we ended up doing is we had to get a trash can and then a book on top with a paper towel and try to smash it because
you
don't really want to hit me, right? Mhm.
We do not. They're so scary. I don't understand how you're not scared. Like I understand they're small, but they
got
what if it seems like a big one, you know, like
mm hmm. No. And I don't like squishing them either because then they go skittish like crunchy
fish. I hate the noise. I hate it. I'm just not a fan of spiders at all.
Well, I'm still scared of them. They just, they really put fear in me, but I'm also scared of like hate and
yeah, I turned out my deal.
I mean like they're kind of dark and scary and like that would be terrible.
That
would
be careless.
Well, yeah, because they're kind of deep, How are they? Like,
It could be like 20 ft, you know?
Well I some ladies like this really gross video in africa who was like his gross um famous people, but they literally did this thing where they went in a giant slingshot in a port of body. Yeah,
that was it was called like, maybe it's like the kick ass movies or whatever. I came home. It was bad though, it was gone. The guy, the guy I was dating, like it was like freshman 8th grade, so it wasn't like a serious thing, but he's like let's just watch all of the movies and they're all so gross, they're all so bad. It all has to do with poop and like boy jokes and all this lovely stuff.
No, we also watched the scary movies, we watched all the like saw movies and stuff which are as scary as they are just like hard to watch.
Yeah, I guess their arms being pulled off or the jaw is being hi open or whatever.
Well, it's just because like it's like watching the survival movies, you know where you're like, I just really hope I'm never put in the situation
because it's like
you don't even want to have to think about what you would do. You know, like you don't want to be like, oh I would do this or I would do this because it's kind of like a screwy situation no matter what you're kind of like, you can't you don't even because you know that it could happen like a very unlikely chance, but like it could happen In that .1%. It's like what makes it hard to watch? I feel like at least for me. Yeah. Well anyway, I think are 25 minutes is up. Oh, also we never said our names. My name's Cara.
That's so weird. He never said her name.
This is normal. Okay.
Well, it was nice to easily me
have a nice day.
How fun and quarantine. Stay safe. Stay healthy.
I
think
this