expression okay. Of course. I don't know about that. I can't. Yeah. Hello? Hi. Yeah, can you hear me? Ok. Meet it there. How you doing?
Good? My name's Jacob. What's your name? Justin nice to meet you. Where
you from?
Los Angeles? I'm from uh near Chicago. In the suburbs of Chicago. Kind of, how was Los Angeles these days? I went there about four years ago I think.
It's getting to that season. Haven't seen I haven't seen any snow yet this year myself. So but I'm also I prefer heat and I don't like snow. So I like it how it is so far, which is just stay inside as soon as that whole snowing and everything starts up. Yeah.
So how old are you?
30
to 22? Yeah,
I'm in I'm in college. I work at like a sandwich shop. I don't know if you guys have jimmy
john's
over by. Yeah,
I worked there and so with everything I've kind of because I live in a college town, so there's a lot less business than usual. So this is my way of kind of trying to keep up with my bills and everything. I do prolific.
And I also
use Swag bucks. You've heard
of that one. Those are the two that I mainly, as I've tried a couple of other websites, but those two are like my main to, I'd say do use other websites like prolific or I'm,
I tried to get in on that and that I got decline. I'm
assuming
I just thought, yeah, I was like, a lot of people say good things about it. And I don't know if like maybe with Covid and everything that they just have so many people working that they don't want as many or maybe
I just fall into it. I don't know how they like pick who they want. I don't know if it's like a demographic thing where I'm just in a demographic that they don't want to hear from right now, how that works. Yeah.
that's what I've heard. I've heard. It's like you
do a lot more work for what you get out of it. But I mean the difference I guess would be that there's probably more consistent work there with prolific where you're just kind of waiting for something. I'd
go to Illinois State University. Yeah.
So actually what I'm
like
two hours from Chicago. I grew up around Chicago though, I'm just kind of in the middle of nowhere
in terms of like we're in Illinois. So But yeah, I don't know. I'm glad I'm not in Chicago right now.
everything's starting to lock down here too. There's a bunch, I mean there are a lot of people who aren't here, but at the same time, there are people who are here in town that are college kids and a lot of them are just being done. So like there's still throwing parties. There's actually think like two days ago, one of the nightclubs was open and they like, there are videos where it looks like it's like at full capacity and I mean no one's doing any
form
of any safety, no mess or anything, so I'm
expecting
it to get worse before it gets better here. I
am currently cybersecurity major, but
this is
my,
it's my third major and my third college, so I've just been kind of hopping around. I should have graduated by now if I had like cemented what I wanted to do beforehand and where I wanted to go. If I had all that planned out at the end of high school, I would have been actually graduated last spring. But yeah, I went to texas tech University. I only went there for like a semester though, and my major is computer science and then I was like, you know what, I don't know if I want to do this. So I came back towards Chicago, went to community college and I did criminal justice as my major and then I kind of had the same situation where I was like, I don't know because I did that for about a year and a half and I initially kind of wanted to go into law enforcement and be like a police officer and I actually, I took some tests for the Chicago police to work there. I was like, like I was 19 and so I couldn't get hired what I could take the tests early, so I was just kind of doing that to see if I would even be able to. And I was like passing the tests. But I mean it's not like with all of the
like
events
around police it's not getting any better to kind of join the profession. It's very discouraging. So transferred to Illinois state and now I searched my major as well, but it's not for nothing because I do end up having enough credit to get the minor in criminal justice which could be useful potential. Who knows? I feel like the major like the major criminal justice or of cybersecurity itself is gonna be sufficient enough to get me a decent job in the coming years. It's a pretty, pretty good
field to work in right now. Yeah. Yeah.
Hopefully I can fix my computer though. I've been having some problems. I think recently I had some problems over the summer with like corrupt files and I had to completely reset my computer and it looks like those problems are coming back. Yeah, so I just need to make sure I just need to finish this semester because I've got a I've got some projects I'm still working on, I just
have to make sure that those can
be able to still turn those in and don't have to completely restart
all of that.
I think it's like a software problem, but the fact that it's like it's already happened before makes me kind of curious as to maybe it's hardware, maybe I just need a new just new computer. The computer is not too old. I think it's like three years old. I bought it off of a friend. So um he
built it so I'm not sure exactly how long how old everything is in it
because that's it.
Yeah. Uh He like builds computers a lot and it's just like his hobby and
just like just like build them and sell them like I've got one from him and my roommate has one that he built as well and then he has his own that he built and he's trying to sell him here all the time. He just likes to like build them and then sell them just to be able to build a new one I feel like, but it's what he likes to do, keep doing it I guess. Yeah.
I'm not sure because like when I um when I initially ran into the problem over the summer it was like I was doing like the the system scans and all that and it was like corrupted system files. In the end it looked like what it was because then I would try to I went in after doing a bunch of like different troubleshooting. I went in and try to do like the windows repair function itself to prepare my windows and it just wouldn't work is like because
I think
it was a system file that was corrupt so it
couldn't actually get that fixed. And so right now, I mean I just ran into the problem two days ago, one day ago, maybe it's actually like something I don't know, I noticed like issues over the last like two days or so. And then like I finally decided that I would do the skin now scan everything and it said it repaired something, I ran the skin again and it said there's something that can't prepare. So uh
I might yeah,
I don't know, I don't know what's going on. I mean I've only got like this week this week and I have my thanksgiving break and then we have two weeks left including our finals before we're done. So I just need to make it that far with this not even maybe like two weeks and I can reset it and then have a back door to do the rest of the semester. But you need to be able to turn everything in. It is always annoying though having to like when you reset a computer you get a new computer and you don't have you file if you don't have them safe somewhere having to read all of them. Because that's what I over the summer when I reset it I have an external hard drive but that was the only thing that I had available that I could put windows on two for the to refresh like freshly or install the windows so I had to wipe my hard drive, put windows on it and the completely start from new and I don't want to do that again. It
does it mean minor and it's not terrible hearing it's pretty, it's pretty fast downloads and everything but I'd just rather not go through all of that. Especially then when you're like sitting there and you're like, hey I'll go do this, I'll play this game or something like that and you go to do it and you're like wait I didn't reinstall it, you gotta go and go through that process again. You
never know what you're gonna end up forgetting about when you go back through all of it, you know? So do you do you like work with computers a lot too?
Do you prefer laptops over desktops done?
Yeah. I liked I had a laptop for a while and I just, I mean the only reason I would ever use it was if I just
I was like not going to be at my apartment or you know wherever my desktop is, I would always go to the desktop first, so but ended up giving that away. But yeah, I don't know, I had I had that laptop that was like the only computer ahead from two or three years and I don't know, I just I liked it, but at the same time like going from that to a desktop, there are just things that I don't want to go back to, you know, like having like a just bigger things, really bigger keyboard and we're like space to kind of work with when I have like this full desk as opposed to kind of being more crammed on the laptop or like the bigger screen. So like, I mean I guess there are ways around that, like, I could just plug in an external keyboard and mouse and all that, but I feel like that just kind of defeats the purpose of it if you were to like fully plug in all of the different things externally,
and you said that.
But
yeah, one thing I did like though was because I would use it um to like stream on my tv, so I would like
to
bring
my laptop into my living room, getting HTM my cable and plug it in and then uh like Youtube videos or whatever, I want to put them up on the big tv. So that was probably the main use of it for like the last year of its existence in my hands uh but
mostly played video games, especially right now. Uh
so
I
can't
get uh the main one I play is legal legends. Uh recently,
I haven't played Dota. Well,
I think I think I might have played it like once or twice, but I haven't played it enough to really know it. I mean, I know I obviously know of it and how similar it is to legal legends and all of that, but in depth, I do not know, but I've been playing league for like seven years. So yeah. And then recently I've started playing Black Desert online, just started playing that. Because I don't know if you're if you play like memos games like that
Black Desert online right now has like a, like a deal I guess you'd say because it's
usually a $10 for an MMO uh but right now, if you like play it in your trial period, which I think is 14 days and you get to level 50 then you get it for free. And getting the level 50 probably takes like less than less than 12 hours less than a day of like actual actually playing the game. So I mean I just hit level 50 actually before we got on this call and I started a couple of days ago. So I mean if you're into that kind of a game, it could be a potential opportunity for you. Uh
What
What
What?
Uh I never I was never good at counterstrike. I've never really been good
at like shooting games on Pc. But like my entire childhood was like playing color duty on Xbox and stuff
like that. So like I don't know, I haven't played with like a council uh like an actual controller and a couple of years. So I don't know if I'm still as good as I used to be, but I used to be really good like shooting games on council and then really bad at them on pc. Did you play Valerie when it came out or do you still play it?
I got into the closed beta on the second day or whatever and I played like all of the beta, but I don't know, I'm just like when you're not that good at the shooting games, it's not very motivating to keep playing them.
I don't know. I feel like it's easier for me to keep playing League of Legends because like at least like decent enough at it to play like in competitive leagues and stuff like that. Like I actually run a league and then I play in one with my school, so like I'm not I'm not even close to being like one of the top players, but I'm like good enough to actually stand a chance in my games. But then when it comes to like shooting games I just like I am so bad. So like I found where I belong I guess in that like spectrum of games to play. Yeah. Other
than that I mainly I like to play like strategy games and then like I said still strategy but like four X games. So like civilization like that series and so like that
and rim
world are two big ones. For me. Remember World is just a weird game though. I don't
know if you've heard of it.
Rim World, It's like this weird two D. Game. It's like a survival game pretty much where you have like your ponds are like spawn like you crash on the planet or whatever and you build up your four and you get raided by other people and stuff like that. But it's just a weird game because like, I don't know if you use heavy, you do use Reddit. So the subreddit for the game is just
like everyone in the game, what they do to make money is they either sell drugs or harvest organs. So it's just like, just by that you can tell like the dynamic of the game is just weird like
and it's like it's one of those games where it has like a very, very big modern community. So there are mods to do anything you can think of in that game, which just makes it even like even better. I don't know, I have a couple of 100 hours played in that game. A popular like posts on the subreddit is like I have, people will be like, I have 1200 hours played in this game and I just learned something. It's one of those games where it's like you never know what's going to happen and you never know what you're going to learn about it because it's so random. Uh
definitely it
keeps you on your toes. Uh Yeah,
I'm actually working, one of my projects from my classes is uh we're working with raspberry pi and Art of, you know, and all that, and so are like, final project is to just do basically anything we want with the raspberry pi, we just had to get it approved. And so the the project that I chose to do, I'm going to work on, I got to finish it by friday is uh making a retro pi, if you know what that is, it's uh like a program, it's just an emulator basically for retro games, so you can run like a Nintendo
64 games, game boy games. All that on the pie, so
I'm pretty
excited for that.
the emulators
I
think. Yeah that's basically what it
is but
it's
just
like it's some kind of stand a little thing. So like I have uh I have here basically I just gotta plug this thing in with like this H. D. M. I. Cable, I can plug that into my tv and then plug in. Like if I if I had a controller I could plug into controller but I guess I have to plug in a mouse and keyboard to it and plug it into power
and I can play
Mario
or whatever I want. But Tony Hawk, who knows that's
one. I think I think that might be like one that I presented on his Tony Hawk. I remember did you ever play like the Tony Hawk pro skater those games? It's like, I think
those are on Gameboy in Playstation. I remember those a lot for my childhood, so I might end up doing that just for the nostalgia because that's basically what the whole thing is,
I
might
do.
I remember.
Do you speak japanese?
You can
read
japanese, okay. Yeah, because
slowly
learning
how to
slowly learn how to read it through playing games. That's great. You're
growing up and you're playing video games and parents are always like, can't be playing those to teach to be violent or whatever else. But in the end they would just teach you how to read japanese,
That's
great. Yeah,
I never, I took spanish and then I took french when I was in high school and I do not remember anything. I remember like a couple
of like, like weird words are just like, where is that stood out I guess at the time. So like, I remember like the spanish word for lettuce, but like, I don't remember anything
that's
useful. I don't know. At least. I mean, I don't know. It's it's similar with learning like computer languages I guess learning normal languages in the sense I guess. I don't know. I feel like it's kind of easier though with computer languages and that's why I mean, I definitely have caught on because I've worked with both java and python. So I mean python is super easy, especially
especially after like having even a little bit of experience encoding because a lot of it is still similar to other
stuff, but then just easier. Yeah,
pretty much.
I
wish, I wish I, you know, didn't go to for university. Honestly, I wish I just like still did more learning, but I just like got an associates degree or something at a community college is just so much
more affordable and like it's just not necessary to go to
year university really. It's just kind of. I don't know, I feel like it's just like digging myself into a hole where I'm going to be in debt. But at the same time I know that like it's
still
giving me like good knowledge and I'm still like getting good experiences out of it. But
I don't think that all of it is worth the cost really. Especially
because when I was when I was going to community college I was going there for free and then I was also working um like a really well paying job. I think you guys, I think I'm pretty
sure that they're in L. A. Uh The company's called 1 800 got junk. I worked there
and it paid it paid pretty well. And
it also
working there, it also has some pretty good benefits because I mean you're like you go around and you people pay you to take things that they don't want. And a lot of times it's like nicer stuff. So like you're picking up a tv or you're picking up someone's old guitar collection, like weird stuff like that. Like the cool stuff comes along and then uh either we recycle it or we keep it. So like I got some pretty cool stuff off of that job. So I mean I definitely I definitely regret giving that up to come here but at the same time I'm hoping it will pay off in the long run. So.
I did not know that. I thought I think I heard something about them opening and of course I didn't know that. It was it's pretty
The
the
only thing that's bad about that is that I don't want to be I don't want to stay in Illinois. I want to go somewhere where it's forever and like the weather is better at least just sunny.
Very.
That's true.
Well I think we're over time actually so it was nice to meet you
and have a happy holidays whichever ones you end up celebrating. I don't know if you're going to do that. I mean I'm not doing thanksgiving my family said now so I mean have a good week, have a
good rest of the year and everything.