Yeah, sure can get my uh straight it disappeared on me. Hey, there we are. Yeah.
All
Yeah, I got I mean Mhm. All right, I'm a little dark apparently, but it's weird. It's the light behind me and around me. Perhaps I need a new laptop. It's not a very good excuse
hey, not too bad like yourself. Um We're in the world area.
Where in the world are you
Kansas? All right Virginia.
Oh yeah. What about
what?
That's where I'm at?
that's pretty funny. Um
No open
Yeah, I was going to say you couldn't get smaller than that. Yeah.
I think.
I've been here since uh well mostly since uh 91.
No.
Oh, there you go. Um Yeah, I spent a few years out in SAn Diego, but uh build a house here, kept it, you know, that type of thing. Move back in.
Oh, I'm in and I I t yeah.
You too
boring.
I don't know, it's it tends to keep me jumping. Um I've got uh you know, more than a handful of projects going on and um yeah, issues cross everything
from artificial intelligence to data analytics to um you know, cyber security, you name it, we've got we got things going on now. Are you primary software developer or what
Right. Yeah, so you know, it's a it's a it's a good field. I mean um if you if you get loyalty going um it's tough to beat um I mean just I'm like a platinum for life in my area, right? And so branded this year is really tanked travel, but but whenever I go I still get the concierge lounge and you know, all the amenities that make things just a little nicer.
I
mean
it's
it's a bit madness. Um Yeah, it's interesting, you know, when you think about, I think about all of that, it's kind of like, wow, yeah, you almost feel like it's people promoting towards the party versus the individual and, and not really thinking about a larger picture and I don't mean to generalize things like that, but um, it just feels that way right now.
Thanks.
that's, I think that's pretty much the thinking. Um, you know, and, and it was, it was a tough choice this year. Um, you know, I'm conservative by nature, but did not necessarily support the party this year.
I,
I could, well, exactly, and I, and I couldn't, I couldn't either this year. Um, it was a struggle for sure. Um, you know, I had lots of discussions. Is it worth even doing, you know, that type of stuff and at the same time, sorry, dog is going to be part of the ground.
What
Yeah, that that would have been really hard um to to at least just from my perspective, but so
Well, yeah, and and then it gets to be challenging. I mean, you know, I've talked to people, they were like, you know, there's not something not right with with trump and so what happens if, you know, within a year like he's incapacitated and you know, do you vote for the VP pick? You know, is the VP then though? The thing that that you voted for?
It potentially could be so um yeah, I haven't, early this morning I looked at the updated tallies, but I haven't looked at since and so it's uh it will be curious to see kind of what happens. It was really sad to watch the news conference last night and uh that trump did and
if
Yeah, I mean it deserved it. You know, the sad thing is he in my mind there was a great potential to do some really interesting things and good things, but it's the approach and the and the constant like gangster type attitude that really made it, made it difficult. Um I used to work for an organization that he fired the director for and
uh um it was it was living it from the inside, it was so many so many lives that were bold phase and you knew it and
what's
that?
What?
Exactly? So you know, it just becomes quite disheartening but so yeah, unfortunate piece to me is like there could have been so many opportunities to be presidential right to you know to to rise above some of the Bs and it just never happened. I mean,
thank
you.
That's right, Yeah,
it was pretty totally crazy and and incredibly frustrating. Um but we'll see uh we'll probably have 30-45 days where uh you know 30, days worth of mess to to wait to get a good answer.
Which you know, there's a degree of grace that doesn't exist and so no,
I was hoping he would come out and do that and be like we see where it's going and You know, that's where it is, 1 2nd, I gotta holler at the dogs,
just admit it, look man, okay, oh
are
the little dog is deaf and and he just runs around, He gets he takes his cues off the big guy and so if I can if I can call the large dog to come then it normally mitigates the little God, oh
he's upset about something, I don't know what it is.
Uh huh. So but yeah we've got uh two dogs, 4 cats and a horse,
it's a bit of a zoo. Well
All right well you know we're taking up the slack for you guys, wow. Oh
it's fantastic.
it's a it's a it's an expensive hobby so you know be careful what you're doing.
Well so we released a pasture and and I built a running shed inside the pasture um and so you know it all works out really well but and then there's a barn and other facilities around where we're at but you know largely um take care of things but it's not at the house here, so
that's
my
wife,
yeah my wife yeah.
Uh Yeah so you know it's at this point I think it's like a big dog, you know, you know, it's all good um Yeah, it's but it's kind of nice to get out and you know, it just kind of like is grounding, right, when you're out there and dealing with large animals, right, makes a makes a huge difference in uh and just what do you think about things? Right,
um now are you new york Kansas city by chance?
Okay. Um Gosh, it's been about a year and a half since I've been there, but I ran, you know, we were of course trying to barbecue and
But
if I remember and Q. 39,
yeah, that's why I had the an appetizer, that was the burnt ends,
That was beyond delicious.
and it
yeah, that would be rough, yeah,
I know if I ever get back there, that's where I'm going, for sure.
that's right, that's right, yeah, no this is after one try, I was like oh my God it wins so
fantastic. So have you been uh you know tell work environment for long duration or
tell work environment or it was that
your
notes?
Yeah, I mean we're right now, yeah, we've we've
started
mid March
and um as of now, you know, we've told everybody through the end of the year. No, you know, no question. Probably middle of this late spring at best and but we're going to adjust because who knows?
Exactly, exactly. Yeah, we're finding, you know, we're
95
98 99% effective and so I don't see it going back to the old norm um You know once everybody's leases runs out, I feel like the commercial real estate market is going to just just
tank
exactly. I mean, I don't know what your commute is. It sounds like it's probably less than a half hour, but
I used to take the train and it was an hour 20 each way, you
know, just
ridiculous. Right. So, but yeah, I'm not ready to go back anytime soon, that's for sure. And uh, you know, I'm working on strategies on making that business case effectively. Right. So mhm.
Yeah. I would imagine even if the vaccine, a vaccine comes to be proven, you know, I tend to think it's going to be a year until it percolates out enough. Yeah. To be meaningful.
So, um,
Did
you,
I
know
it was an election thing. Right. I mean, and it was so transparent that that's the case. So I know I'm curious did your company have to put out new technology to make you guys effective or did you have it already in in house? I'm curious.
Yeah, no that's interesting to hear hear. I mean largely we were we were already in the cloud which totally enabled everything um but
yeah, exactly, um and so but you know, we ended up having to deploy zoom and go to webinar and doc you sign and you know, things that you know to facilitate some of these other issues. Right. Um we had Skype already running but we're actually sunsetting that now we've moved over to teams and
Well, but but Microsoft next year is ending its support.
And so that's why everybody is shifting over the teams um yeah, we even uh it was where we had VoIP phones at the in the office, but you couldn't access them from anywhere other than the office um through the handset. And so we shifted that just in the last month to integrate it into teams so you can call through teams and it's your desk number, you know so that's been nice.
Mhm. So you know kind of interesting all the different technologies you have to worry about.
exactly, I mean where where I used to work there were you know multiple classification levels of information and so you have to be physically there in order to have access to it. Um And so my understanding is they're kind of they're starting to rotate um like one weekend 3 weeks out to try to spread the workforce around but it's it's fundamentally um ineffective because so much information gets passed on these systems that are not accessible externally that it's a total shift in in the model to where they have to be incredibly careful and what's communicated in what's accessible to everybody and so it becomes a real problem.
Yeah exactly yeah this place was you know there was you know 15,000 people in one building, You know 35,000 you know in the you know organization type of thing. Um And uh I was in I. T. And that organization and moved on before all this happened. But yeah I got tons of friends back there and they're just like it's better than you would have expected but it took them too long to you know get rolling.
So
so
well
no you know we didn't um You know it's pretty interesting in that sense. Um They I mean they used to okay 1/2 i gotta shut the door. Mhm. Say. Mhm. Yeah yeah sorry about that. The little guy apparently is seeing some neighbors. You have some yard work done and is uh off his
rocker
when it
it comes to being able to stay quiet so now
thank you. I can't hear you. Yeah. I don't know what happened. Uh As I sat back down it looked like my laptop.
I've got you. I heard some
other weird thing going
on.
You may be okay
interesting.
Yeah. For some reason the internet connection dropped real quick so but I'm back and the dogs quiet. Um
Cooley.
that's
fine.
How about yourself?
Gosh. Yeah. Very C.
A. R. U. I.
You'll find one with a flag behind him. Yeah.
Yeah. Hey you as well.
And what's
the
what's your company? T. G.
Sweet.
Well do you guys have anything I meant to ask you back when I mentioned Marriott,
do you have
anything to do with them or are you guys focused on other?
I mean
it's
one of
those things
where
if you travel a lot, it sure as hell it sure helps. It's worth it, mm. You know to uh uh, you know, join up on the program early on. I didn't and I should have, but you know, the benefits are well, you know, you scatter things instead of consolidate
them and so makes a difference. Right. Oh cool.
Hey, you as well
and
enjoy the rest of day
and
stay
safe out there. Thanks you too.