Can you hear me?
as
you can.
pardon me. So how's everything going?
wouldn't it?
I'm in Kansas
thanks. That's actually I grew up
uh under expert,
different experience.
No kidding, That's crazy. Okay.
Small
world,
it's been a long time since I've been back there. So I moved from there when I was like elementary I guess and then moved to Kansas.
Uh huh. So yeah. That's pretty crazy. Uh huh. Mhm.
Apple.
I would have overlapped pressure then. I was born in 90 so.
It's a great place, I love it out there. Uh huh. When the what do you do for a living?
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah boring, boring
it.
Always.
Now do I. T. Consulting so I'm a consultant for uh an ad agency. We do a lot of work in the space of loyalty programs for large companies, so we'll do integrations, will build out mobile apps, web apps, that sort of thing.
Yeah. You guys recovering okay from the election,
this
craziness,
this madness.
Mhm. Yeah, I agree that the candidates are so, I mean obviously, I don't know where you sit on the spectrum, but yeah, I mean, I think nobody on the, on the democrat side thinks that biden is the best candidate. They're just, I mean, you got to go for the party because the thought is get trump out and then we can we can fix
the rest like Yeah,
it's rough. I find myself usually somewhere in the middle, maybe a little left leaning. Um but yeah, this one for me was just like, I just couldn't do it, I couldn't throw, I mean in Kansas, the votes are honestly pretty meaningless, but I mean I'm going to go out and vote, but I just couldn't vote for trump just him
as a person.
At least you can take solace and I mean finding a fairly conservative democrats so it could have been worse, right? It could have
been Bernie.
that would have been more in the lines of not voting for me.
Yeah. Honestly if the taliban are like you have to consider that with this vote just with how old I mean even both candidates are but you really have to look at B. P. S. And be like okay what are their agendas that might actually be more important than the presidential agenda?
I
mean they got pulled from most major networks I heard Like they pulled it in 30 seconds.
Hm.
Yeah. It's
not even
disguised lies. It's just so outright like obvious lies.
Like what do you even gain people know? Yeah.
I'm kind of expecting them to like, I think I a
lot of
people thought it was almost an act, right? Like he's trying to be polarizing to get the votes and it made sense during the election and then he wins and it's like, no, wait, this is actually just who he is. Okay.
Crazy.
Especially if he's trying to challenge every, every way he can, which it sounds like he's going to he's going down fighting.
Society in general today, it's just that doesn't exist anymore, so I don't know why I expected it to happen with him, but I kind of still did he admit defeat?
You're going away
five
people more.
four.
Well,
wow, Nice. That's
my wife is allergic to dogs and cats, so no cuts here.
we do have, it's actually kind of cool right down the street. We live in a very suburban area, but right down the street we have a house that was built so long ago that it's like a farmhouse almost. Then they have land with some cows and horses and they basically have to sign out the front yard, that's like feel free to walk down and look at the animals, so we'll take our daughter down there to go see all the animals, She
loves horses, so it's pretty cool.
Yeah, I'm sure it is, I can't imagine you guys have like a big stable form.
Do you write or
someone
in the
family ride?
Nice, that's cool.
yeah. Thank you.
Yeah, right now it's like 20 minutes north of us.
Yeah, that's
true.
Oh, that's my favorite,
Oh my gosh, yep.
Yeah, that's my favorite place. They actually, they just built a new one, a new location and it was like two minutes from my office where I work and it was almost bad because you just walk outside in the morning
when you get out of your car and it just smells a barbecue and you're like, oh no, I'm hungry already. It
well,
yeah, that's the best place, yep. It is funny though, it's like uh very take a place and we defended to the death.
I mean there are good, but that to me is because they have some really good stuff.
you know what?
we've been
doing
it, we've been doing it since about late March, I think we were pretty early and getting out and then we're still not even having a date to go back yet. Call from home for the foreseeable future. My guess is like middle next year before we go back.
And
we started
that.
Yes. That's crazy. Uh Just said it's funny because like that at the place that I worked previously going into like Marco. But even with the thing they were talking about working from home, everybody was trying to make a big push like, hey, let's work from home more often. And they were like, no, no, that would kill us. Oh anyway, clearly it didn't kill you.
Thank
you.
Thank
you. Yeah. Nobody is going to be looking for the same size space. Even like our company, they're like, we may go back, but it's going to change. We're going to have policies in place where you can start to work from home 2345 days a week if you want. Sounds good to me. Yeah.
Yeah. It's not too bad here. Yeah. I can imagine another places like L A. New york Places where to go 10 miles. You're looking at two hours. The game changer,
Get
messed screwed.
Uh, it will be interesting to see post covid, how if we can even say postcode, but I think we're gonna be in in this kind of state of the world for a while. Yeah.
What?
Yeah, distribution will be slow. It's not gonna happen in any quick time frame always.
I just
laughed trump saying it's going to be here by
the end
of the year.
No, we're pretty good. We're, I mean, we had uh, fairly high, uh, like remote workforce, not high by any means, but enough that we were ready for it. We had people all over the country. I think that helped. And we had a lot of people who travel obviously in consulting, you're gonna get a lot of travel. So I think from that standpoint we were somewhat ready.
I can imagine how brutal. Obviously.
a lot of companies are doing that, making that switch like Skype, it's shrinking significantly.
Okay. Probably wanna. Yeah. Yeah,
Yeah.
A lot of pivoting, but I think tech companies were obviously better suited for making that pivot. I'm sure there's a lot of industries that are struggling right now.
Yeah, I can imagine that. I mean probably still large company you start thinking about like some small companies that definitely don't have things like zoom in place and You know, they're, they're used to having 15 people in an office. I can't even imagine how they're getting by.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you
guys? I'm curious because impact on business. We uh we had to like stop for one K matching this year and like
our company decided
to all sorts of like cutbacks and you guys have anything like that impact.
not
happy about
it.
Mm. Yes. Yeah. Multiple hayrides tied to one email is what it's sounding like. Instead of being multiple emails,
I mean, oh, be honest, I'm kind of met a locks here. Can you, can you,
can
you
hear me? Okay? Mhm.
blasting audio. I don't know what
something got a muted and you were hearing it, I think
there
you go. Yeah. So I think we're winding down on our time here. I don't want to see uh I'm not sure. I'm not gonna be offended if
you say
no but if you have like a link that I'd love to connect with you I'm asking
you rather than what's your name
gi
but what's your lessons? Okay. Well we called any of those
Institute of Museum and Library 70. Perfect. I will
I'll get you adam. It's
to
you.
D E.
G.
And
I
I haven't seen I'm still fairly new. I haven't worked with mary yet. Uh But it wouldn't surprise me that we do some marketing with them in terms of our loyalty. I know we don't do that, wow but we probably
have
done
something
with
them in the past.
we got along
yes. Walk. I like that. I got I reached out to you on linkedin so you should see that I'd give you my last name but it take us an hour for me to spell it for you, but
you'll see
it.
It
was good talking
to you.