Hey good morning.
How about that? Right
finishing breakfast.
I had scrambled eggs, crescent from Costco and uh great group coffee.
Are you this morning?
How are you this morning?
Yeah. Did you have breakfast?
mm. The kombucha that's kind of healthy
kind of whereabouts
are you in the country?
Which is why I'm just finishing breakfast because it's eight o'clock.
Yeah. Where in pennsylvania are you?
Um
What?
we don't have to be specific it's fine. Let's go. Uh I've been to uh pennsylvania twice both to philadelphia for
work.
What they're for work was cool.
What?
Yeah it's a I grew up on the west coast and spend close to my life on the west coast so going somewhere with a little more like older history. Uh It's quite interesting just to hear that so yeah I I visited like as much of that as much of that stuff as I could while I was there. But my favorite thing to do was the uh motor museum. Yeah.
It's very strange.
I love it. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. West Coast is pretty nice. I like it quite a lot. Yeah.
You
know.
Oh go ahead.
That's
yeah. Portland's pretty cool. Pretty cool town. Yeah. Just a few few hours away from here and we go once or twice a year normally. Yeah. Not now. Uh How if your has your quarantine time then?
I had
a lot of time indoors. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm
good
bear pick up some new new hobbies or something. Start getting real real creative. Mhm. Mhm.
There was maybe by four solid months of staying inside. Uh huh. Worked on my house, a lot a lot of house projects spend a lot of time with my family and a lot of walks around the neighborhood that was about as far out as we got most, most of the time like grocery shopping like once every 2 to 3 weeks or something. And it was very bizarre but I went back to work uh in july so I've been going back to work every day in the city of Seattle uh
every day. So it's it's a very strange place to be in a city. And Seattle had in addition to having a pandemic had quite a tumultuous protests and regarding with the Black Lives Matter and stuff. It was there was it got pretty violent and crazy out here so everything is boarded up and hardly anyone out but you know it's nice to go back to work and uh huh be around people again as safely as possible. We wear masks and distance as much as possible and wash hands as much as we can. And so far it's worked out pretty well. So no one I know is come down with it so that's good.
I'm an art handler. So I work in a museum,
can
you? Uh
All right.
Thank
you.
I'll
tell you, I've worked in a museum for just about 20 years now, doing lots of different things. Uh If you want to work in a museum, fine to medium, doesn't matter which which one kind of uh You know, I'm sure you have specific things that you're interested in uh and just get your foot in the door anyway you can. So I came up to Seattle to do art school and uh I have a degree in animation and got a part time job in the museum like in the gift shop basically. And just have stayed the whole time essentially and change jobs every few years within the institution and uh I've done a lot of different things there and built an interesting skill set and got to know all the people people and museums tend to stick around a little while. So it's you know there's usually a core staff that kind of stays on staff for many years. So you kind of get to know these people and it's very cool and interesting and fun job. I mean really your working around art and talking about art and so uh yeah I like it a lot, I could probably go on about it but I'll try not to
and
no.
What what sort of art are you interested in or did you have an art history angle in particular or?
Do you,
what kind of art do you like yourself?
Well not necessarily that you make, but like who are some of your favorite artists or movements or you know I have put you on the spot here a little. I know it's a it's a hard question sometimes. Yeah.
painting
portraits or painting portraits?
Okay. Not familiar with that.
But
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna look look her up, look look them up, how do you spell that? Mhm.
Oh like the lettuce
remain. Uh
It's
very beautiful,
very interesting. I don't think I've ever seen the support.
It was very cool.
Please.
Uh What what time period, where these are these?
that's a born 18 74 1970. Uh huh.
Okay.
So
Early 19 hundreds. Yeah.
It's
pretty
bold
lifestyle at pretty bold lifestyle at that time. Yeah.
Very cool.
The standards
she like figurative painting.
Yeah. Okay. That's
I
Yeah, I think just about just about everyone who works in an art museum is an artist of some kind, just about everyone, not everyone, but a lot of people are and that can be fun. Two see what other people are doing and really kind of gives you an insight as to who they not necessarily who they are. But just another angle. We have a staff art show usually once a year or like a volunteer art show. And so like some of that are we put up in not a gallery but like in a separate corridor that usually the public has access to. And it's like, oh, that person made this, wow, that's crazy. Or really good. Or look at something and be like, oh, that person is maybe a little disturbed, right? So it could be kind of fun, Right? Yeah. So find a job in a museum if you like. I know in philadelphia there's a lot of museums, but
it sounds like you have some obligations at home. Yeah.
Do you
are you working or?
All
Was that because you didn't enjoy the work necessarily
or is it just because
Yeah. Yeah, That's okay.
Yeah.
Just nothing. Just
not enticing
work. Just not enticing work.
Thank
you.
Have
That's
true.
Just
keep
you on down.
you may have made the right choice, yeah.
That's cool.
I would say it's changed a little bit. I really came into art liking you know, Van Gogh and like Rembrandt and all like kind of a big named figurative artists and anything that was like beautiful painting. I make paintings myself and generally they're fairly detailed in figurative in nature. So like that's kind of what I gravitated towards. Uh but having worked in the museum for almost 20 years and like six years physically being around the art, you know like holding it being close to it. It's definitely changed. And I have a huge interest in abstract artists and that kind of thing. The expressionist paintings. I just install the show here. A very uh varied collection from a local collector here. And uh she was very interested. This collector was very interested in modern art from like the fifties through the eighties to nineties. So like Rothko's and Barnett Newman and franz Kline and uh things like that,
like
big colour fields, uh kind of things, and so so many different ones. It's hard to, there's so many artists, it's really hard to just choose a few. I'm always finding ones that I'm interested in, and I forget about uh every day is like, oh, this is fantastic, I love this, this is so interesting. And uh you know, it just enters my brain for a little while and then floats away. Mhm. I guess where I get to work with very wide range of objects, so it's not just paintings which I do enjoy, but I get to work with objects from around the world as well. So, like I have an appreciation for almost all of it. There are definitely some things which it kind of drives me a little crazy. Uh And most of them are fairly contemporary I would say. Uh and they just require, I mean I'm all for thinking about art and its role in our lives and culture and all that stuff, but sometimes there is such a stretch of imagination to get to that point, or it's it's so forced that it really it just yeah, who cares? Anyways is that really, and if I find more and more that there's a lot of that stuff where you know, you just take an everyday object and kind of crinkle it up and you know, throw it on the table and it's like oh this represents blah blah blah blah blah, you know what I mean, like that sort of idea seems to have just uh come into the into the world and Mhm. I don't know, I don't love it, Those
are some of those objects can still be beautiful and valuable, but yeah,
they don't do a lot for me. Okay.
so
I like a lot of different kind of art, yeah, yeah, almost
everything can be beautiful, yeah.
frankly, and that I think uh something that he really went for as well and kind of pioneered some of that idea as well, like don't think about anything, just think of this and look at it and what does it make you feel kind of, and it's kind of a hokey idea, you know, stepping back a little bit, you know, like, okay, it's just colors guys on the canvas, that a lot of people, a lot of the way public, you know, just general public may look at this and be like, it's just some blocks of color, but if it's surround yourself with it and step into it, So that is just like in your field of vision, you know, it can make you maybe have a feeling or calm you down, you know, give you some idea or reminisce about something else. So, you know, it's very interesting. Yeah, so anyhow art, but anyhow, what are you up to today? Not much.
Yeah, I've done it few of these lately and this is the first one to connect in a little while, so thanks for being here.
Yeah, maybe like two ish months ago, I did kind of a series of these, maybe like three or four of them and I, someone was always there to connect. Maybe it was because the pandemic was a little more happening and people were at home doing stuff. Uh so I had like maybe four on the road that were very successful. I mean, met some nice people and very interesting and had some need conversations and, you know, it's fun. It's a bizarre kind of thing to just, you know, there's a stranger and you have to just strike up a conversation. Yeah, I kind of enjoy it and you get paid for it, which is not terrible.
Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, I think we're just a few more minutes.
Well,
I took the day off. I'm in the middle of moving, so I have to take a couple days off to do that. So, had a my house flooded uh in the first week of june, my washing machine flooded my house, so we had to move out and move to an apartment. So
the house finally got finished almost five months later. Yeah, so we're in the middle of moving back now, so took the day off to pack stuff and organize things and unpack on the other side. The house and the apartment or not that far apart from each other. So
huh. Yeah, it'll be nice. And then I don't know, just some errands and whatever else. Hopefully it's not all moving stuff my son, a
four
year
old for. Yeah, lots of energy.
That's about it for me. And then tomorrow I'm going to rent a truck and get like the big furniture stuff out. So we've just been taking carloads back and forth, Right? Yeah, so kind of busy. So this was like, all right, I think I should be up by eight o'clock. I'll probably be drinking coffee and eating breakfast around that time and then I have to go do things. So the timing of this actually worked out pretty pretty well,
Yeah. Well, hey, it was nice chatting with you.
I'm josh,
thank you Rachel. Hey, keep up with the art, your interest in art and seriously, like if you are able to try to find a museum to work at doing whatever.
I'm serious. Like the security guard, admissions desk, like gift shop, that's when I started and administrative stuff, like I worked as a receptionist for five or six years, so do whatever they need done.
Anyways, if you want, I'm not telling you what to do.
Well,
I hope I've inspired you a little. Yeah. Okay, good, good. Alright. Right. So we'll have a great day.
It was nice to meet you. Wait,
take care.