one of the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi, how's it going?
Yeah, no problem.
What you have
balanced breakfast Sounds good
or that?
Oh I'm all right.
I did although mine wasn't quite as balanced as yours. I had a slice of chocolate chip brioche bread and kombucha.
Yeah like kind of
but
I I'm in pennsylvania. Where are you? Oh
Yeah. 11 for me. So
I um
it's well I call
it the middle of nowhere but it isn't quite it it's like in between like it's like a big town or a really small city depending on how you're like looking at its central like central pennsylvania.
I actually
grew up in philadelphia so.
yeah I grew up in Philly. Um When I actually lived
there I didn't do like any of like the touristy stuff but since then I've gone back and you know it's fun one place.
Yeah. I've actually never been there. I'd love to go. I it's very interesting.
Yeah, of course,
I've never been to the West coast, I haven't traveled much at all, so you know, it's something that like I'd like to do in the future.
and I have some friends who live out there now, so it's like you know, I could go visit them and then you know, just check out everything. But I
have a friend,
he was
I have a friend who lives in Oregon who lives in well near Portland, she's not in Portland, she's just near it. But um you know like I've well this year before everything,
I was going to go out and visit her and then you know, had to put a pause on that further.
It's okay, I mean, I'm kind of uh going a little bit stir crazy uh because I still, I I live with, I live with my parents and my mom is like high risk, so like I basically can't do anything except go to the grocery store, so it's, you
know.
and I it's like I kind of like okay,
it's
like I watched all these tv shows and I did this and I did that and I did this and I did that, I feel like I'm running out of things to do.
So how about you, like what have you been doing? Like are you still like are you still like quarantining, are you like going to work?
Yeah.
What kind of job do you have?
that's
actually
that's really cool. I um
I actually went to school for art, for art
and art
history, so I actually kind of like one of my like, like dreams would be like to work in a museum, so
that's
I mean you definitely could,
I'm like I'm just here like because like if you know what I mean, it's like,
it's like what I would like to do basically.
Um Well I was actually, so I technically had a studio art focus, like, you know, and like making the studio art, but that was just because they basically like put a gun to my head and we're like pick because I I just I wanted I wanted both, I'm like no that's why I wanted art and art history, I wanted both. Um But uh I kind of just like, I don't know, I don't have like one particular focus, I kind of just like I love everything. Like I will go to an art museum and I'll just be looking at like, you know what I like just completely like disparate things and I'm just like amazed
by everything.
What kind do I like do I make?
I'm really into I like portraits but not. I mean I do I like portraits. My
probably want to right?
For the most part painted portraits. Um I really like romaine brooks.
Okay so romaine brooks um She did like a lot of like paintings
of kind of, well she was like she was a lesbian and most of her paintings were of like her like lesbian friends. And so there's like a lot of like kind of like androgyny and
R. O. M. A. I. N. E.
Like the lettuce and then broke.
And I I also just think that there's like, like she used like kind of like a like a limited color palette to like they're always like kind of like kind of like dark and like kind of moody and I'm just
very
imminent.
I
am. I actually like wrote it wasn't technically my
thesis but I like wrote like a like a paper about romaine brooks and just like the like the like androgyny and like just the fact that she was like, I mean basically most of her paintings are of her lesbian friends. So like that's like, you know what I mean? It's like what they actually look like. You know what I mean?
Yeah. I'm bad with states which made our history. That's really hard. But I'm okay.
Yeah.
Like mostly
she was working in the early 19 hundreds.
Yeah. And then she
did like later
in her
mind.
Yeah, for sure.
Um And so like I don't know like I yeah, she's probably my favorite. I mean I also like I also like I love Van Gogh, you know what I mean? Like you know I
Yeah the standards
for the most part yeah.
And like what I what I do, I usually just call them weird portraits. I like, you know like a
figurative painting, but I always to do something different about it. Something weird. Well
There are
a little bit and it you know what I mean? Eventually I'm
gonna
I was I'm not currently I uh actually just quit my job a couple of weeks ago. I mean I was just it was just I was working retail, I was working in a department store before all of this and then so we closed down back in March and then like the store opened back up in june or july I forget. Um and I
kind of just delayed coming back and then I went on like a leave of absence and then I was finally like, I can't just keep dragging this out and I quit.
Hello?
bit of uh oh sorry,
that's, you'll have a landline phone okay. Um Anyways,
uh it was
little
bit.
Yeah, it was, well, I don't know, it was a little bit of both that I
didn't
think with my, you know, like high risk mother at home that it was like really
safe to go back
and
a little bit that I had never intended to stay at this job this long anyways, it was a seasonal job right after I graduated and it was like, yeah, like I'll just, you know, work here for a couple of months and then they're like, we
want to keep you on
as permanent.
And I'm like, okay. And then next thing I know I'm there like almost two years and I'm like, mhm.
So it's, it's a little bit of, there was a little, you know, a couple couple of reasons for, for that. Um
No. Yeah. Okay. You asked me what kind of art I like, I didn't get to ask you what kind of art do you like?
Not,
not
I
Mm hmm.
Now I get it.
I get,
And I'm
And like I do, like, even if kind of, my leg base is mostly in like more figurative stuff. I like, I mean like I love Roscoe, like I can look at a Rothko and like it unless it's like a lot of emotion from me and you know what I mean? Ah
Not much this.
Yeah, absolutely. I this is only my second, like successful one. And then I had like one where nobody was there and another where the person had like terrible computer problems and just disappeared after seven minutes. I'm like, all right. I
Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty nice too.
Yeah. Just a, just a couple, we got to hang in there. Um,
what do you have, like, what do you have planned for today? Are you going to work later today or what?
my gosh,
That's good at these
told
the
reason
Oh, I bet.
Good. Yeah.
Yeah. It's nice chatting with you too. I don't think I ever got your name.
No, I'm Rachel. Nice to meet you.
Yeah. Like honestly, whatever job I will take.
for sure.
I mean that's, it's what I really need to do to be honest. What I need
to do.
you too. Thank you.
meeting you.
You too. Thank you.