I can't hear me.
Oh, I can get off that. I got my forum
but I can hear you now.
Should be able to hold on. I just took you out of my say something. All right, let me put my bluetooth back on because it was working when I heard you a little bit before I turned it off. Give me one second. Sorry about this.
All right. Say something
heard you before? Well, I can't hear you now. Oh that's
why mm Hold on, I clicked the speaker by accident up at the top corner.
Billy the here you know, yep.
There we
go.
Don't
let me stay going to a different area. I'm still granny.
Where?
That's better. Yeah,
yeah, it's good. It's just a little law. I think so. I say something.
Yeah, I got to get you out of my speaker. I got that's why I can't hear you.
I can hear you but hold on, let me find out. We're gonna spend like 15 minutes talking about getting the volume
correct?
I can you know what? Give me one second,
what?
I can hear you perfectly fine. It's just, it's coming out of my speaker. I think it's probably cause I have to let me see china yourself. So I heard you before. No problems.
I can still hear you. It's just coming through my head like my phone like the ear piece. Oh I can hear you perfect now. Perfect. So how are you?
I'm doing okay.
My name is Anthony
best. Oh that's nice. Sounds like you, you sound like you're from the south. I hear a little accent.
Oh nice, nice. Um originally was born in Milwaukee Wisconsin. I was I was raised in New Jersey and now I live in Ohio currently.
So I do an assortment of things besides if I'm not taking surveys, I work a part time gig at family dollar as an assistant manager. And then I also uh produced music, hip hop music on the side. And what about you? What do you do?
Nice. Nice, nice.
So
what's it like where you're at?
Is it like how is this whole covid thing holding up?
My
I feel you. Meanwhile I want to be on the opposite and I actually want to work from home because I've been ever since this thing started, I've been in and out of the story like I work 5 to 6 days a week. So
it's
just constant
and it all, yeah, our numbers keep rising. They're not going down and not showing any chance of slowing down our governor and everything. They just told us that we're not our governor, but our district manager just gave us a notice that we're keeping our store open later than normal. So
got to deal with that. Yeah, pretty much. Which I don't. Which I see is a big problem because I'm like, you know, if you're watching the news and you see that the government is like the cases are going up and going up and going up, why would you extend the hours just to sell goods and services? Like because they labeled as an essential store only because we sell uh food
and
beverage
items as well. Yeah,
but we're mainly a discount store. So it's like,
you know, we shouldn't even really be open. I'm not complaining to know
because you
know, thank
I saw
I saw when they when you guys reopened.
For real.
So that
So did you take part of the voting process this year?
Do you mind me asking who you voted for
it?
bobby
with Barton?
Mhm.
Mhm.
I didn't I didn't have any signs, but I was actually going to vote for
for joe George Jensen. But then I had a real deep conversation with my therapist and she kind of like, persuaded me to, like, go with with the democrats. Like, I've always been a democrat, don't get me wrong. But then I started having, like, a change of heart, because I was in my mind, I'm like, both parties
are like bickering and bantering back and forth when the real democrats around here, you know, we're dealing with it, you know, you deal with on a daily basis. I'm dealing with, they're not really dealing with what we go through on a daily basis. So it kind of like made me change my whole thing, the independent. And when I was gonna vote for her, she was like, well your boats not really going to count because she's not really in the race. And I was like, that's malarkey because her name's on the ballot. I mean, you know, but she kind of like, put it in a different light. It was like, this is why the republicans and democrats get the most. Like, so I was like, okay, I see, I see it from her point of view. So I ended up voting for biden. I mean, I like some things that I like, some things that he that he says, you know, and he was with my man Obama, you know, so he he does know what it takes. He's also been around way longer than Donald has. So it's like, I believe I'm gonna give him a shot. You know, like, I'm not going to be one of those people where it's like if something goes wrong, I'm going to turn on him. No, I'm just gonna say, you know, well we just got to pick up and do better because I mean it's a, it's a start to get old boy out of the office. I don't even like saying his name,
don't
get me wrong
because
it's like he's a disgrace to, to just the whole presidency in itself, not just the Republican Party like, and I'm ashamed at them for even allowing, you know, that type of stuff to even carry on. And it's like, it kind of like I used to be a real big fan of trump before apprentice. Like I watched him grow and expand his money. I've always been a businessman and he was one of the people I idolized in the nineties, you know, I'm saying, I've always, and he was one of my favorites when he was popping up in the Home Alone movies. But it was like when he, when he got that seat man, it was just like, who are you? You know like, and every day it's just, I'm hearing one bad thing after another, one bad thing after another. I haven't heard anything good. But besides the stimulus check, that was it. He signed off on the stimulus check because I asked people every day like, what has he done as your president? Oh, uh, he did the payroll tax. I'm like, do you not realize that the rich are still like getting over with that? Like you do not realize that if you take that pay cut to where they're like, you're getting more money and you're paying less taxes, you are going to pay more taxes next year. Like he did that, you know, so it's like they didn't really have an understanding and they couldn't really tell me what he did, what he's done for the country. And I even looked it up in google search and it's just like no, I can't believe this guy. If he can do it, we can do it, you can be impressive. I can be a president. You know? Like
it was
just a whole
lot.
Yeah. Let's hope that we don't have we don't have another one because I don't know I don't know how much more we can take as the people because you notice the people that are getting frustrated to the problem, we're finally taking a stand. You know like we're not backing down like before you know what I'm saying? Where it's like there there were a lot more arresting protest than previous years, you know? I don't know if you know that, but it's like it was for the sake of the good, you know, I was out there for a little bit, but it's
like this is too much going on. Yeah.
So what do you do for a living?
I think you just told me that too. I have a I'm sorry. I have a my memory sometimes. It's just like,
this is awesome though. I like I like this. So are you through? Did you get here through prolific?
How long? Yeah. This is actually my first one that I've done. Yeah.
Because it says something about a repeating thing when I was like, I've never received the email or or
or
for it.
Now how long,
how long
have
you been
member
with? Prolific?
Oh, this year?
Oh wow. I've been with them for about, I want to say almost two years now I started using, Yeah, I started using them. Well no, I think it's probably about to be almost three because I started using them in 2018 for a little bit. I'm not mistaken, but I wasn't using it like every day. It was because I wasn't really getting a lot of, a lot of studies to uh perform
since I've, since I've moved from new york to Ohio. Yeah, I've seen a lot of uh I made a pretty pretty decent amount of income off this, off this uh this platform.
This was
me
too.
Yeah, I put a couple of people up onto it, you know, to help them, you know, make some extra extra money. But I told him I was like, it's, it's, I don't want to say tedious, but it's more, it's time consuming because you don't qualify for a lot. But I like prolific because prolific make sure that you qualify. Like,
I don't know how they do it compared to other survey spots. Yeah. You don't
can't beat that, you know, Especially with these times coming up the holidays, all these new gadgets coming out, you know,
I almost thought I wasn't going,
oh, I live, I live with my girlfriend.
Yeah, Yeah, it will be two years in april Yeah, I met her. It's funny how we met, I actually met her in the hospital.
Yeah, the psych ward to be exact.
Yeah, it was and I didn't even expect it, but it was just like, you know, something about her and uh we basically headed off, she was actually getting out of a recent relationship as well as I was and I don't know, I just, I felt like the connection was just like, you know, this is something new. I'm in a whole new state. I'm starting fresh. You know, Let's see where this takes me, you know?
And
almost two years later. Yeah, we have we have our ups and downs, but still more so uh more ups and downs, you know?
So how long have you been? How long you've been married for?
I know that can be hard to keep up. So kudos and congratulations to both of y'all.
Can you,
can you give me some, can you give me some tips?
That's cool. I just want to know because I've never been married now. Is this your is this your first and only marriage or?
What?
That's awesome.
That is awesome. I just want to know because like, I've never been married. I've always been in a relationship, but I've never taking that leap of faith yet and I'm 36 so time's getting short for me.
I
don't want to be, I'd rather get it over and done with because my whole thing was like before I had this, this thing where I would look at marriage, that marriage was a good thing. Get me wrong when two partners are conjoined together and both understand and love each other unconditionally. That's like the best feeling in life ever. So it's like find somebody on that same path with you. But it's like, I always just felt like I don't need a piece of paper or like a ring to like solidify it. You know what I'm saying? Like
it's just, I don't know, but I've had a change of heart, like I'm just like, you know, maybe I'm going to crack the question one day. Who knows?
No.
Now, how long did you date before he popped the question
two?
So he
knew he instantly knew.
that's
And we got like four more minutes. I'm looking at you at the time at the same time. Now,
have
you gone over 25 minutes before with this thing or you just did 25
So they
want, so they won't be like, you only did 2024 59. Yeah.
Yeah. I was having issues on my ipad for some reason and I'm using, I'm using the same browser as I'm using my ipad who's a Chrome and for some reason adobe popped up and wouldn't let me come in. Like I had the full screen and everything. I didn't see you yet. So I just said, let me try for my phone if it's not working from here because I didn't want to miss this opportunity. I wanted to try it out. You know, I love doing things like this. So it's like, I don't want to miss it. I want to see how I'm gonna get uh get put up with and I'm glad I got put up with you. I'm glad I met
you
now.
I'm bad with names,
I'm bad with names.
So you got to see your name one more time best. All right. I won't forget now because you told me twice, I won't forget. Do
you got to
say
tell me tell
you what
now?
Okay. I've been producing hip hop since 2000 and five. I had a company called Fiddler Productions, uh which actually got me trip to Norway in London to do a music festival with my my ex artist that was working with. Uh I didn't met the likes of famous hip hop artists to underground hip hop artists. I've had my I had my music featured in a film overseas in France. Um Just something that I'm really passionate about. Like I started I started emceeing freestyling at the age of 10. I didn't really get into producing until about 15 16 years old. And then ever since that day I learned how had a friend at the time he was in toward Heavy and I would just go to his house every day after school and I would watch him work on beats. I'm like bro you gotta show me how to do that. He was like I'm not a teacher, you're gonna have to learn from your own. So I was like what does that mean? He's like you're gonna have to touch the equipment and just watch and do what I do from that. From that day on I went from messing with hardware like Yamaha's and N. P. C. S. To like working with this real famous program called FL studio. Um It's very known in the hip hop community and I just I just love what it does. I love the from the basis to the events of program that it has almost like lost my train of thought for a second.
But yeah I've been so it's just like it's just a wonderful thing. It helps move my depression helps move my schizophrenia a whole lot. But the main thing I love about it is the fact that I never thought that I would be sitting in the same rooms with people that I grew up listening to you know like famous like that that were actually in the same seat that I'm in now with like surpassed and made it to where they want to be, if not, if not further. So it's like actually be there and say like, yeah, I really did a song with such and such. You know who that is? They're like, yeah, I know who that is.
Like, yeah, I did a song with him. Like, it's just phenomenal, it's a phenomenal thing. So, and mind you, I do not know how to read sheet music for the light for me. I tried to tried to learn how in high school and concert and I had a class and everything and it was just like, these notes are just like gibberish to me. What does this mean? Just let me play. So I taught myself how to play the keyboard by ear so I can play notes and stuff by air. Like certain songs. Like if I hear certain key, I can go off that key and I can just play, I get that aside from my father,
my mom, she's she's not musically inclined like that.
Yeah. Yeah, it's fun. I took a break though because like I said, I transitioned from
new york to Ohio, so it's like, it's a whole different Ballgame out here that
I was like, I got that company to where I wanted it to be. It's time to start another one. Let's let's see what I can do with a new name. New Foundation, a new newfound look outlook on life, you know what I mean? Because it was like, I was at a stage where I didn't want to be here anymore and try multiple times, you know, So, but like I said, music has been one of the biggest things to like help me like with that situation.
Thank you. I appreciate it. I'm glad to be here. I would have missed a lot of things.
That's one of my favorite
shows. I love Child, I love Childish Gambino.
He's
talented.
He's an amazing spirit. He's an amazing spirit. He that show and he's coming out with a new season if I'm not mistaken. Less. They came out with it already.
Okay. Yeah, that's a good show.
yes. My girlfriend is a big fan of his. Like I knew about him,
I
knew about him before
I met
her, but
hey listen Mac listen Mac Miller Eminem uh who else? Uh uh I forget his name from Lincoln Park, but the head producer. Uh
Yeah, I forget I forget his name, but he's one of the rappers that was with Chet. Well, not like I don't like, like you said, no judgment, you know what I mean? Like
she's
she's
good
no,
I
haven't
watched
the show yet.
No,
I
haven't
watched
it yet.
I heard
I don't
have,
I don't have access to that channel. So I have to find a way to like free stream it. You know what I mean?
I'll check it out.
Dave Yeah,
I've
heard I've heard
of
it.
Well it was definitely nice meeting. You know, how do we, what do we, we just hang up or
Oh, let me
see
some.
I got
it
or
Well I have to find out my schedule because the only reason why I took this one today is because I knew for sure I will be able to do it being that I had the day off of work. So
what?
cool. All right. Best will you continue to have a good day?
Likewise. Likewise, I'm good now. I'm in good spirits. I'm back on the meds. I'm good now, so
I don't
have.
Thank you, love. I appreciate
that.
Likewise, Best
you, too.