Mhm. Mhm. Right. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh You know? Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Yeah.
You can't hear me.
Let me turn mine up too because it's really quiet.
yeah, that's much better. How are you?
That's all right. Yeah. Mhm.
This is a test. Can you hear me
weird?
Uh huh. I don't I don't even know what that does. Can you hear me?
you're playing
like
grainy looking? I don't know if it's like a weak connection
or what?
Yeah, It's just
like pixelated looking. I mean, I can like get the gist that's better, clearer a little bit.
it good on your end?
Hello? Inhuman.
Thanks.
was, you know, part
time in a hurry.
Okay. I'm fine. Yeah. Okay.
What?
Okay. How about now?
I'm good. How are you?
Yeah, what's your name?
Hi Anderson Rambis.
Yeah. It might be. Uh, Georgia. Central Georgia. Yeah. Where you from?
Okay, cool. So what do you do?
Um Social work. So like um like our state agency for child welfare. Yeah.
Yeah. It's kind
of
what's it like? How?
Well, I don't know. I think a lot of people here don't really take it that seriously. Um But I've been telling, we've been telling working in my agency since it started, um Which I'm just not cut out
for teleworking. It's not my, not my scene, but I make it. Yeah. Well, I don't know. I'm just I've also got my youngest child home with me because she's not a daycare since I'm not driving to the, so like my commute normally would be like 40 minutes and she goes to daycare down there where near where I work. But since I'm not going, she's not going. So she's here with me and that makes it really difficult. Um Yeah, I think maybe if I had like, you know, just me and peace and quiet and a dedicated space for it would be okay, but I'm ready to go back to the office.
that's a lot
for part
time.
Guess going into the holiday.
For those
reasons
stuff.
Yeah,
it's a stretch.
Everything
is over
here. Yeah. I mean, we cannot
justification.
Yeah. Yeah. We got our governor got a lot of flak for, I mean he was just gung ho, it
was like suing the mayor of Atlanta for a while. They were in like this big like head button contact because she was trying to do more Atlanta
than he was permitting for basically like past some stuff for the state and part of it was that no individual, you know, municipality or whatever could do anything greater than what he was putting in place for the state. So they kind of got to get into it.
Absolutely, I did. Yeah. Yeah.
No,
I don't mind. I voted for biden. Uh you know, I've
been,
yeah, we're riding with were buying down here. Um, Yeah, you know, I was one of very few biden signs in my neighborhood. Um but um
my son actually got stolen out of my yard. Had to go get another one to replace it. I put it up closer to the house the second time. Mhm. Yeah. But yeah,
it's changing here enjoy
and
Thanks.
Yeah. I don't
know.
Can't
stand it. Yeah.
Yeah. It's been a
been
weird
for years. Yeah, for sure.
Well,
I get that. I hear you. Mhm. Yeah.
I didn't tell welfare. Yeah.
No, it's not good. It's fine.
Yeah. I think that's the only, I don't know of any other way. I've done a few of these and everything seems to come from prolific, so I think it's the, it's a route to get to do and this is your first one.
Okay.
Yeah, you can do,
you can do
of them now. Um Like and they did like kind of like a round of them back in october and now this is like another round. Um So I did too during the round in october I got in and then this is my second, I did one yesterday and then there's this one today, this is my fourth one that I've done. I've been lucky so far.
My partner
has
gone
up every
time.
Um I started prolific in september so
yeah, relatively recent.
So have you seen a like a lot more volume more recently?
Mhm. Yeah, it's a fun little side
hustle I got, I enjoy it. It's kind of fun to, yeah, like
stop
my phone and check it compulsively to see if I have anything.
get something.
Yeah, I like it. Um Yeah, I've got my mom on it, my husband on it, so. Yeah. Islam little bit of extra pocket money. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, holidays are rough. So do you
where do you live with other people?
Okay. Well, how long have you been?
Oh my gosh, that's a story.
Okay. I actually used no, no, no, like no judgment like a girl that used to work for me. Her story didn't go quite as well, but um she originally like met the father of her child in a similar situation, which it turned out to be a really bad situation. Um But yeah, I mean there's no judgment here.
82 years
later,
Yeah. It's cool.
Um Just at our 10 year anniversary in october Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. Um I don't know. We just we just work like, I don't know. It's been, you know, life may be hard sometimes, but like we're never hard. Like it's just it's been easy always. I don't know. I think we're just
good.
I don't know. Um I think all right, like he's not too caught up in like trying to be like macho or you know, like he's an emotional person and that really works for me. I'm certainly more emotional than he is, but you know, he's not afraid of feeling things and so I think that helps like doesn't keep things inside. I don't have proper sometimes. He tries but I just know him so well so we can kind of, you know what's wrong with you today? You know, we could just kind of figure it out and I don't know like we're just um we just we don't fight, we just compromise and figure things out. And I don't know like we're just we're a team and like 2020 has not been our year, it's been kind of a rough year. Um For us our circumstances as it has for many people for a lot of reasons. Um But you know all that aside like uh we just had this really strong foundation I guess so we can deal with it together.
We met in college and we've been we got period at how overweight, like 22 23 something. Yeah and here we are, we've got three kids
and yeah,
that's pretty good.
nah. 36 that old again
there.
I get that.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't think for us is as much about like the piece of paper um that I mean like we knew I don't know, just a few months in really, but like this was this is it like we're both good, we're right, so might as well, might
as well be married I guess.
Um Not quite a year. I think we started dating in april and and he proposed to me it was my 21st birthday the following
March. So yeah.
Not quite
Yeah. Like it was just like a few months and it was just like this works really well and Mhm. So
it's been good. It's really good. Yeah.
we're going to
hear that.
Um No I think about maybe a few minutes over. I think the first one maybe we talked for about 35 or so. I think probably try to go over a couple just to be some cushion to make sure that we're
good.
Yeah.
Good
good. Tell me about
your
it's best
bes
Tell
me
about your
your
music,
your music producing your hip hop.
That's okay.
it is.
That's cool.
Yeah, that's pretty neat.
What?
so
I'm glad you're still here.
Yeah. Yeah, wow, that's that's really cool. I'm not music, I like music like a lot like a consume a lot of music, but I don't like I have a lot of musical talent. Um but that's cool. It's kind of a behind the scenes stuff is really interesting. I don't have really very much experience with that obviously that Do you watch Atlanta?
So
Went
to
Meteor.
I don't think it's out, but I do think it's farming.
Yeah, it's really good. So that gives me a little bit of a inside of what you're talking about. A smidgen behind the scenes that new artists trying to make it seen. Yeah. Do do you listen to a little dickie at all? Do you know?
I'm like
the girls,
you
know this
one white rapper you know? But I love him so much. Have you watched it?
I don't know.
Have you watched
so
well dickie show,
have
you watched
Little
Dicky
show?
You
need
to
watch
that because
it has a lot more produce three kinds of stuff going on. And it's also hilarious because I
don't know. I think he's
I think
he's I think he's brilliant. I love him.
I think that's on Hulu. If you know anybody with a yellow account you can borrow. I'm trying to
Yeah, I think there's only one season. So what is this show called? Dave? Dave of course is his name. Yeah,
it's something
you
want
to check
that out. It's great. It's so good. Yeah. Uh huh.
You just like close out this tab but don't close out the first tab after you when
you
go
back to the first one and then it asks you a bunch of questions and at the
end
of it it'll ask you um if you want to
try to sign up again and so you click the link to do that and give them your availability all over again to see if they can get you another one.
It'll go
for like a week out I think like it'll be like from tomorrow through a week. Yeah,
thank you. And you say well
that's good.
Like
I I just admire your openness. Um And you know like I said, I'm glad you're you're still with us. I think you seem like a really cool person.
All
right. It was really good to meet you Anthony.
All right, take care,