Mhm Good. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right,
can you hear me?
I'm
good, how are you today? Thank you for being on the call. Yeah.
Where
are
you?
Oh, I know you two. Is this
this
is my school time of doing this.
This is the fourth
time
I've
done that, I'm sorry.
okay, let me know when you can hear him. Is that better? Does that work? Yes. Oh good.
Yeah. Very good. So
is
this my name is Barbara, what's your name?
Very nice. Where are you wrote career tom?
Really? Me too? From in texas to Yes, yep.
Very nice. And um is this your first call or have you been doing these calls?
Yeah, yeah, this is my fourth. I did a couple of, one didn't show up and then Um one I couldn't connect so I was glad, I'm glad that you're here. Yeah. Have you been doing mturk very long or?
Oh probably I'm sorry, prolific. Have you been doing it very long?
I do enter to Yeah. Yeah, I do both.
Yeah, I like prolific better. It
just yeah, the surveys come to you whereas an mturk you never know. You know, you got to go in there, see what's there. Then when you click on it it's gone and you just never know. Yeah. So do you do you have another job? Do you work at something else?
very nice. I work, I'm retired. Older so you can see I'm retired. What? And
you know, I hope I think so. Thank you for saying that. I needed to hear that your inspirational.
Well once we get past this covid and if everybody would wear maths and you know, then the best years of my life. For sure.
Yeah, that's what they say. They say um they say by the end of the year some
people get there is the people in april. So by next year yeah. So in texas where
you are? I'm sorry.
I'm hoping, hoping, hoping. I'm just so tired of it, tired of it. At least we'll have a new president gray and we'll have someone to take care of everything to do with the coronavirus and we won't have to deal with crazy anymore. So it'll be good. Yeah.
I hope so. I just don't looking forward to it. Um Where you are? Do most people wear masks or they don't wear masks?
All
Yeah. Um You're any hobbies? Do you like to do you like sports?
Oh really? I bet my grandkids want PS. It's new. Huh?
Do
you like
what's your favorite sport? I see.
Oh yeah we were just my husband and I were just talking about soccer this morning. I wish I knew more about soccer. Did you play when you were young?
But
well
I wasn't very athletic, but sometimes I played tennis and sometimes I played volleyball but not on a team or anything just for fun. I just was never very,
but yeah, I don't know football is big in America and baseball, but soccer is big all over the world, isn't it?
Well that's nice. You get the channel and the games are on there. What is the close season?
1st partner. Does it start in like
the spring or in the summer or when does it start?
No.
is confusing
and
I'm sorry.
Oh my God. Oh my gosh. Well, I like, I like like music. So I like the sound of music. I'm not a big, you know, action. It's not like the sound of music. Let me see. Um What else? You know, I like very upbeat congo, you know, Happy ending movies? What are
popular
Nowadays, people like,
you
know?
No, no. Well, the titanic. Well, you know, the notebook the first time I saw the notebook, I was on a plane and I just couldn't stop crying with, like a lost it. But yes, I did like the notebook. The titanic was too sad. Yeah. What about you? What's your favorite movie?
Where's
the
call?
the one
of them?
Oh, I like that too. Yeah.
that's
Which
one
are you?
like that.
Oh, I like that. That's fucking Shell. Do you ever watch Modern Family like that?
are our other favorite toes like that? Um I like the english baking show where every week they'd get rid of somebody, you know, where the english baking competition, you know, where they're all in a tent and they have to make a certain thing we've been watching that. Um
And what do I watch?
Yeah, I like those jokes, chills. Um yeah,
What's the weather like? Where you are?
Okay, kind of cool, I think.
Um Well, I really, I'm glad you're on the call. So that's a good thing. I enjoy the extra money, prolific.
Yeah. Aren't we all looking? Yeah, bonuses
good and it's fun to meet different people. I had a call from, someone from California from Long beach, someone from Connecticut and someone from what was the other course of trauma? Can't remember. Well, each Connecticut. Oh, and, and I think it was colorado. Have you cause fallen well, works for the most part. Yeah.
Lesson.
Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. It doesn't
I mean it's Yeah. Um And so do you have a family if Children
march out
for?
Oh that's nice. That's
good.
This
in
the future.
What's
couple of kids girls or boys do
you want
soccer jean? Mhm. I
could
see I have two girls And they're in their 30's. They're growing and then I have five grandchildren. Yeah. Goodbye. Yes
but I have not seen them since March because of the coping so I have to stay
away from them.
they do that. Yeah because of the covid. Yeah and you know just can't get around them. But we do they do call on Alexa you know the thing that you talk to people on the Alexa you know the where you can call and you can see them as we talk to them that way. And it's very nice. Yeah. Very
No,
nope,
very
simple.
It's very sad. Yeah. Um And so I'm hoping this will all get over with my husband you know he's high risk so we can't get around him. Yeah so that's okay.
Um Yeah because when they thought that, so you always lived in texas?
Have you always lived in texas?
Oh you moved here? Yeah
I do listen to music. I like Bruce Springsteen. I like a complete opposite of what you like. I like andre up a chill I like uh after I listened to frank Sinatra um you know yeah who do you like? Well I even know who the
people
are that you like who do you like?
I don't know. Yeah I'm very old school. Who do you like?
Well I like Beyonce
I like real. Yeah
I have not heard of drake
I've heard of Justin I I listen to I mean I don't go by his music or something but I know who he is yeah but he's kind of like frankly not dry isn't he? Justin Bieber is kind of a little bit, he sings his songs right? There's anything thanks. Yeah
yeah and I love I love I mean you know there's people that I think are really tired, I like Adele um and I love Beyonce I
think she's
so different
have you ever played you're saying or anything like that
have
you?
I'm sorry I was just wondering if you've ever been in a band? Are you staying like
do you, wow.
Yeah me either.
I know when I was in high school I had a nun, I went to a catholic school and she told me that I was tone deaf, You're tone deaf, you can't sink
well. Ever since then I've been very hesitant to sing. I don't think when I'm alone.
Yeah. Yeah. I sing like, you know if I'm alone and I'm cleaning the house I
said
or
send you something. I don't think so. That's like,
well I can't sing us.
I'm sorry.
It's,
I like that. Sing me sing me
I like that a lot. So you can sing,
you can, you've got a rhythm.
You know,
Yeah. Some people are just talented. They just can't sing. I really agree with that. And sometimes they come from musical families so there's more music and then they sing because there's more right music in the family. Yeah. I don't know. Um
So what was your favorite subject in school? Recent like? Yeah, lunch. Do you like lunch?
You
like what?
Oh, math.
No.
Yeah. Like definite
answer.
What did I, I really didn't like school very much. But probably I like like literature. Like reading, you know, like reading books and then talking about the books and I like that. Yeah.
Oh my dear. Well I am a very good italian Brooke because I'm a town. That's my favorite cooking. Um
and I grew up. Yeah. What about you? I'm sorry. I was asking what's your favorite kind of food? But what do you like to cook?
What is he?
Oh woman. Oh, that's
tough to cook mission. You
know the kind of
watering? Yeah.
Do you ever try macaroni and cheese when you have to do just a little bit more?
Not
even
more
your
email
to
mark?
You're a big
Well that's,
that's not
you think if you like
Matthew could cook because
yes, I cook a mean lasagna. I can cook arms. What? I can cook pizza. I can cook spaghetti all kinds of meatballs. Very good. Italian.
No, I do cook pizza. I made it work today. You can
look pretty good. Yeah, it does. The key is, you know, getting the dough hot enough so that it crisps up on the bottom because it's hard in
a regular dove to get it crispy. Okay.
It
wasn't too bad.
Did
you
stay with love? Did you say when they're, my dad used to say that all the time he used a, you have to cook with love.
Used to say
that all the time.
It does
business when you care. Yeah. Without a doubt. With love this one Part two. Making it hard. Yeah, that's absolutely right. Um, coming from an italian formally food was the center of the world. I know
do I shop?
I'm sorry.
Oh no we don't too expensive um when I was very young I went to perils um but no I've always wanted to go to Italy but I've never been in ITaly.
They didn't
back east to new york little Italy and of course
what about you?
No, I don't
speak italian, my
parents did but I don't, my grandparents, oh that's how they spoke was the time. Yeah. Yeah.
Do
you travel?
Do you get to
travel?
Yeah all I am you know um I don't know so your parents lived in close to you?
Well that's good
you get to see the marcher
What?
No that's nice.
Maybe you guys go to the grocery store and stuff or do you get it delivered?
Yeah,
there's so
many
ways. Yeah. Oh I know I know I know. To be so good when this is all over and done. Are you going to have a christmas where you're gonna have a big christmas or kind of just stay in texas and
Very
Might
end up
being the best christmas you ever had. Might be very nice. Just the two of you. Yeah.
Site
it will be very nice.
Well I'm so glad that you got on the call and then I met you and some always interesting to me. I don't know if he's
okay. All right well
I think
we
better wait a couple more minutes. I think
we better
wait
20.
24
Oh that someone at your door.
Yeah. Oh I'm sorry.
that's okay.
one More minute and we'll get our bonus. Maybe that'll be good. It'll help
with christmas maybe
maybe maybe we'll get I don't know. I think you get the $14 if you go the 25 minutes I think. Isen't that right? I think that's what you do. I think it just depends. I don't know exactly. Um But
I'm
glad.
Oh we did okay.
All right well I'm glad to me I met you and I think that we'll go now. Huh? That's good. I think it's okay to discuss. Okay bye.
blessings to you. Thank you.