SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Okay mm. Yeah it's just okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah mm. But Uh huh. Uh huh. I'm, yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What? Yes. Mhm. Okay. You are so there. Mhm mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. I think mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? I'm sorry, I'm late. It would seem to be an issue with the link, so anyway, yeah, here I am,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I had to try it a couple of times myself. You have not a problem. I spent a couple of minutes. All right. So pardon my appearance, I I just came in from a run under the sweltering hot where
SPEAKER_R: goodness.
SPEAKER_L: we are.
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay, well no no worries, no worries, that that's fine, so um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's good question, have you done this type of thing before? I'm curious. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: no I I participate in in some of these uh you know prolific studies. Usually just kind of anonymous surveys for
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: science but never something where you you know, I talked to a human being.
SPEAKER_R: an actual person, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh I don't think I've done one where I talked to a person certainly not go have an unstructured conversation, you know? Um So
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, but this is this is the this is this is the second one that I've done actually of this actual type one a couple of weeks ago with someone and that was uh everything went fine, you know, it was it was fine, but I've done other ones um where not too prolific through uh another university of Chicago. Um uh They do studies and uh there were very much structured and had a particular format and had specific instructions for each of the participants. Oftentimes contradictory instructions which was interesting that you didn't know that and obviously that we're looking at reactions and stuff and see that's why Yeah, I'm like okay, I'm like okay, it's just kind of like yeah, you're gonna meet somebody in chat and have fun and go for it. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So uh yeah, what what what's what sorts of things do you like to talk about?
SPEAKER_R: Uh well, you know, that's interesting. I mean, you know,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: generally I'm fascinated by this whole scenario because of the fact that I'm generally fascinated by people who can um moving someone that they don't know at all have really interesting um conversation because I can't do that. So I'm always intrigued and fascinated by that because I, you know, I'm just not good at uh I guess socially awkward and not good at making small talk. So I kind of hit a stop point very early on most of the time, you know, after what do you do? And kind of stuff and where other people like I said, just seem to be able to, you know, like I said engage and talk about all kinds of stuff. So I'm just generally fascinated
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: by that. So I guess I'm much more interested in the mechanics and the logistics of it. And I guess what the researchers are looking to try to understand and accomplished because of the fact that, okay, you know, I mean, I'm going to assume that most people are like me, it's like saw this and like, okay, it looks like a pretty easy way to make a couple of dollars. You know, you meet somebody that for a few minutes, although for me, you know, 25 minutes doesn't seem like a lot, but again, and having to engage with somebody that I don't know it all and try to have an interesting conversation. It's a long, it's a long length of time, you know? So uh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: It is, yeah. And if, you know, if you run into somebody on the train, you know, and you might talk to somebody on the train for 25 minutes. But usually there's there's a there's a queue, you know, like I noticed like, oh you're you're reading about the white sox or you know, something like that and then um you know, start to or I I noticed you're listening to a certain kind of music and start from there, but
SPEAKER_R: That's a, that's a, that's a great point. Yeah. They'll, they'll generally be a, some kind of a point of reference more often than not. Like you said, if you run somebody on the train, you're probably from the same neighborhood and there's some commonality of some kind there that you can kind of, you know, latch onto if it's somebody like at a party, even if there's somebody you've never met again, there has to be some kind of common point there or something.
SPEAKER_L: You probably know some person in common or Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So there's going to be some level of things in common because of, like you said, you know, where, where you happen to be versus yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: throwing to people, um, you know, to, yeah. So the, the last one that I did that I mentioned, um, you know, they paired me with a, a young woman, she just graduated from college. So right off the bat, you know, we have a bit of a demographic,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: you know, kind of kind of this can um not that that's you know, and necessarily a bad thing, but you know, like I said, I mean in terms of commonality there's gonna be a lot less there. Um but we managed to have a very nice conversation and luckily she was very um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: talkative and outgoing and you know, kind of had a lot of questions and so on and so forth and she generally carried the conversation more than I did much to my much to my gratitude. So uh so yeah, because I always going to be thinking okay, you know, you're gonna start out with hawaii you what do you do, where you're from? A covid
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: going? You know, obviously, you know, how can you not talking bad and stuff like that and I'm like, yeah, ok. You know, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, so tell me a bit about yourself, are you working, are you are you taking time off? What's the
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Well I I do I do work I I do I do freelance uh kind of kind of work related to uh metadata. Um I stopped working in the corporate world about four years ago and um I decided that I still wanted to kind of do some some work on my on my own uh kind of on a freelance or contract basis and some things that come up. Um So it kind of, you know, with an easy transition and just kind of continued doing it and it just kind of fit, like I said what I wanted to do, just kind of like I said step away from the whole, you know, strict 9 to 5 and what not, but you know, still wanted to generate some some level of income but kind of do it on my own schedule, on my own time and working on things that are, you know, really interesting to me that I wanted to work so that the whole flexibility is what I was really looking for. So yeah, that's kind of what I've been doing for the past four or five years, so so working but kind of yeah, on my own, you know, schedule and on projects that yeah, you know, I find interesting. So you know, been lucky. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What kinds of freelance work do you do with metadata? What
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: kind of metadata?
SPEAKER_R: so it it most of most of what I look for is metadata related to uh media content, music is with the big area for me in terms of what I've worked on for the past almost 30 years, um uh Movies, books, video games, to some extent. Um A lot of the stuff that I had worked with over the past few years before I started doing this within the academic research world and library world, um and mostly related to media content, but it was in that in that in that in that context. And so for example, a project that I just finished up um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: over the past couple of weeks is looking at metadata that was generated, machine generated metadata, so artificial intelligence uh and kind of doing some level of analysis into the results to see how they correlate to what the most desired expectation and outcomes would would be. So, so it's and I find that interest anyway, so, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Is this like how they have algorithms now trying to write news articles and um is it that that that type of thing, or?
SPEAKER_R: this to some extent, not quite that level, this is more, I guess rudimentary the project that I was working on is related more towards uh voice assistants and voice assistant
SPEAKER_L: No?
SPEAKER_R: devices like uh like Alexa and google things like that. So it's more akin to stuff that people would use it for, to interact on a day to day basis. Hey, what's the weather, you know? Hey, I need directions to such and such a place. Uh, so stuff, stuff like that. Um, so there seems to be uh, pretty much a significant need, what I'm seeing because I've worked on a few projects, you know, and I had thought I don't really use those types of devices a heck of a lot, so, so it's kind of fascinating and interesting to me, you know, like I said, I mean in terms of what kind of things people might use those four. Um, and I had assumed that it was at a higher level of advancement in terms of like basic, but I consider basic stuff, you know, you're talking about, yeah, you know, writing articles and stuff and whatnot. This is much more rudimentary. And apparently the technology leaves a lot to be desired uh in those kind of, you know, kind of what you would think. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No, they got this. No and apparently not. And where, you know, like I said, this
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: seems to be a lot of work available for, you know, doing stuff of that nature. Um So uh yeah, yeah, it's interesting the technology is not quite as advanced I guess as uh as uh people would hope or think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I'm I'm constantly impressed, especially some of the natural language types of applications. It blows me away some of the things that just seemed to work and work almost every time that I do them, uh it blows me away that on my phone I can trace a pattern on a keyboard. And even though that could define multiple, many multiple words, especially if you account for the fact that I'm not terribly accurate, you know, swiping around and uh it seems to infer like oh yeah this would be a logical word for you to say given what you've already said or that I can speak into a voice remote and um um even even a company is as objectively terrible as Comcast and everything else they do um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: like never once have I muttered anything into the remote and it didn't come back exactly with what I said, you know, I mean that's pretty good. Uh
SPEAKER_R: That is that is very good because I was going to say, I mean a lot of it, you know, because I got yeah, I gotta I gotta I have to agree with you that, you know, uh technical perspective in terms of algorithms and stuff like that. Yeah, there there there there must be stuff going on that let's be mind boggling and phenomenal. And I was going to say that I'm thinking that maybe a lot of it breaks down, I mean in terms of understanding this speech depending on accents and other, you know, things have maybe in the environment that maybe cause, you know, kind of a disconnect. But you're saying that your experience generally has been, has been, has been really, really good in that in that regard, so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah and you know, I think, I think some of it is because yes, certainly like google for instance, they've got such a massive amount of of you know, test cases they picked up over the years and it also blows me away. You can start typing almost any search query and and it starts guessing, you know, you put one word in and it starts like uh and presumably my guess is for me are sort of customized to what it knows about me and it would maybe give you different things, but it just blows me away how how good some sometimes it's humorous they becomes was like, wow,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that kind of goes back to my, to my point where I'm a little surprised, you know, like I said, I mean how many of these types of projects I've kind of been running into where to me it seemed somewhat kind of rudimentary and you know that we, wow, why don't we, we won't pass, you know, that where you're still having to, you know, kind of worry about if somebody asks, you know, what's the weather and you know, Cleveland Ohio that you're not going to get an accurate response. But a lot of the stuff that I've worked on has been almost at that level, so it's interesting, you know, in terms of what's kind of going on or what, you know, uh some of it, I guess maybe it's related to roll out of new devices because I know one project that I was working on specifically was focused on um the hardware and it was specific to a, a top of type of device. So maybe it's maybe a lot of it is that, you know, as as new new things are coming out that they have to kind of yeah go through this and see where there's bugs and glitches potentially and figure that part of it out. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah, I do I do a fair amount of I guess you'd say data work myself, although I'm more it is a more into management now than actually working with with the data myself. But a lot a lot of, a lot of our, yeah, a lot of our clients are interested in extracting um, you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: know, uh information out of unstructured sources and and and and and things of that sort, you know, so like um um you know, uh here's a now here's a form where companies are required to disclose in any format they see fit, but you know, they're they're required to like put this on public record and you know, we would actually like to turn that into a systematic database um of the bits of information in there. Um Yeah, yeah, it's uh just sort of seeing how that space has evolved in 15 years or so. It's it's um quite impressive. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I can, I can imagine I have very little to almost no experience and I should say that, you know, maybe hands on experience, but it was something that, you know, uh like I said about 15 or 20 years ago when I was working for some companies and like I said, I mean the the the work was primarily related to music and classification of music for commercial purposes for e commerce primarily. And and they had started to try to work out pulling out of blocks of text, um information that they could use and connect to um specific music albums or tracks or artists or what whatever. But that was at the very early, early stages of it and it was, it was, it was interesting. But yeah, never anything I had an opportunity to really delve into to uh to to to deeply, although like the last company that had worked for that I had left, they they did a lot of data mining and uh indexing and creating indexes out of
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: blocks of uh text articles primarily and stuff and what not. So but again, it was never anything that I kind of was involved in on a really, you know, just kind of uh peripheral to what what I was doing, but interesting. Yeah, but that's cool me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, it is, it is, it's fascinating. Uh yeah, what
SPEAKER_R: it's any particular area, what you do is just generally, I mean, you know, kind of the the the the technical part of it. So in other words, like I said, you know, most of my work has always been related to music, primarily, curious. Like I said, if it's anything,
SPEAKER_L: before,
SPEAKER_R: you know, perfect score.
SPEAKER_L: a lot lots of different domains, so, you know, I work in an academic environment and, and so um it uh yeah, the, yeah, the domains can, can, can, can range anywhere. I I think I probably started with uh yeah, trying to, you know, years and years ago you're trying to extract different information out of, you know, like say say Ebay listings, you know. Um so so you can get lots of structured information about how the bidding for a certain item went. But then there's this unstructured part of, you know, how, you know, what what what attributes of the object did the person mentioned when they described it. And so so let's get you into natural language a little bit. And other times it might be like financial disclosures with the Securities and Exchange Commission or um
SPEAKER_R: All right, sir.
SPEAKER_L: so you know, people, people interested in, you know, finance and accounting type of questions want to, you know, they, you know, they have kind of like bottom line in fact just recently, you know someone was asking um you know like I want to I want to capture, you know what what firms are saying recently about their coronavirus related business risks. You know like what what are they saying in these disclosures? And are they writing down,
SPEAKER_R: Don't you think?
SPEAKER_L: you know, are they are they saying that we think sales are going to be down or you know, we're gonna lose employees or we're going to you
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: know, you know, lots and lots of different impacts. But uh so you're helping them think through that. You know, sometimes people get really ambitious and they they say you know, I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: the time.
SPEAKER_L: to I want to go on the chinese equivalent of twitter,
SPEAKER_R: Four
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: point.
SPEAKER_L: know like see who's who you know how you know stuff about different, you know korean pop bands are propagating on, you know, sign away poet. I really well I'm not sure I could do that in english and let alone I don't
SPEAKER_R: we hope.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I I've got very limited mandarin. It's hi.
SPEAKER_R: anyway, I'm impressed. But you know, when you were talking about the, you know, the financial sectors and, you know, and, and, and analyzing that just brought to mind me, I did a couple of surveys where it was looking at where a lot of the financial companies, I guess they're trying to refine their message with regard to covid, um, for, you know, the general public and consumers and so on and so forth. And I was looking at and reading these, you know, proposed, um, uh, you know, uh, messages that they would, you know, I guess post on their website or send out, you know, uh, customers or whoever. And to see, you know, like I said, you know, what, what, what did I think of them kind of kind of kind of thing. It was fascinating to me in a way because, you know, again, you know, the messages to me couldn't I couldn't help but think, well it's just marketing really right, this is just a promotional
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: thing, you know, and this is a huge financial companies, obviously, you know, putting out these messages that were there were here for you, you know, kind of stuff. And you know, it's like the cynic in me couldn't help but be, you know, very much overly skeptical about, you know, the sincerity of the message, you know, and which I guess maybe was against the point of what I was supposed to be doing, you know? Uh it was it was interesting that you know, nonetheless brought brought that to my.
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: But wow, yeah, that's funny because they were clients of the company I worked for almost 2025 years ago. And and we were trying to work with their data. And yeah, when you brought that up on structured data, I'm like, oh my God, that was not, it was not a fun happy experience uh with them. And again, the technology wasn't quite obviously what it is now in terms of trying to work with that kind of data and make some sense out of it, you know, and uh in trying to apply rules and whatnot and try to have it conform to a format that, you know, was was uh usable and whatnot. Yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Just you can get a bit of a shudder when you when you mentioned the vase. Anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's come a long way and yeah, I think uh you know people systematically collecting all of the, you know, a lot of the, you know in the old days you would you would try to figure out the rules of I spent
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: a lot of time where I would I would stare at a piece of paper and I would say like okay like I understand what this is sound literate, you know, and I can look at this and I can see there's a table there and I know that that number means a certain thing um you know because I've spent my whole life learning how to read faint, you know? And um and now I'm able to do it and I'm trying to think, you know about how how how do I write instructions for a machine to how do I turn off this and then break, break what I'm doing down into sort of like it's a simple 21 step process, you know? But now it's it's like, you know, and so much of our interpretation is based on the fact that you have this this built up knowledge, you know that when you see Wisconsin it is a place, it is a it is is in this location relevant to other things. And um and that gives you all of these clues. When you're reading anything unfamiliar, you can start to like, oh that must be what they mean and um the fact that now these uh I think these these big these big data big tech companies are able to amass enough of that common knowledge based on having seen all of our search queries and you know you read a few billion emails, you learn how people make sentences and Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. And yeah, because I have to believe that, you know, that was one of the points of frustration for me again back in the day in terms of like you said, you know, you're you're you're you're kind of translate a particular way of thinking a particular thing into some kind of machine logic, unaware machine will understand it and you know, you're a data guy, so you know, you have a certain systematic way of thinking about things and you know, a certain logic and whatnot and whatever, you can kind of translate that. But what we're talking about, like I said, you know, real language, you know, average person kind of stuff and translating. Yeah, like you know, done in terms of understanding how they work, where 23 years ago when I would talk to engineers and developers and try to make them understand there was a big disconnect back then in terms of how an average person interact and uses data and, you know, approaches that versus how an engineer would, and there was a huge disconnect and that was always conversations that we had and trying to make people instead, this is not a real person is going to use this, you know, and they're looking
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: for, you know, a new a new record track and whatnot. They're not looking at it, they're not quivering like a, like a Yeah, well, you know, so we got to understand that, but I was always, you know, that was always interesting. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: but anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Uh That's good. Uh Yeah, so what kind of things do you, you know outside of working, what what what kind of hobbies do you have?
SPEAKER_R: well, gosh, you know, I mean, you know, well, again, music is my thing, it's always been my my my thing since I was since I was a kid. So a lot of it is related to that listening to a lot of music, reading about a lot of
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: music
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that was fortunate enough, like I said to be able to do that professionally as well as you know personally, so you know, it's still very much a big part of my life, you know uh personally don't get to go out to, you know um always enjoyed obviously going out and and seeing music and what not, obviously that's not been a thing and I don't know when it will be a thing again,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: maybe next year
SPEAKER_R: yeah, maybe maybe, but uh movies like to try to watch as many movies as possible if I had more time for that recently as as as as well um So yeah, that's kind of my my my my thing. What about what about you?
SPEAKER_L: I like music a lot. Also in fact it just um just just over the weekend I started reading a biography of musician that I I liked a lot when I was growing up and sort of this fan boy who I think I think it was quite similar to me, maybe a little bit younger, but just sort of like worship this band in the way, like um sort of found a little niche in his life where he tracked the all of the principles down and, and uh, you know, talked him into having interviews and you can I meet your family, can I see your letters, things like that, and um and it's just like, I can't uh I can't even put it down. I I yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh but who is it about?
SPEAKER_L: it's about uh it's about this guy steve killed me. He was the lead singer for a band called The Church out of Australia.
SPEAKER_R: George,
SPEAKER_L: Uh, they were kind of big in the eighties and then they've been hanging around for a long time, but, you know, um I guess that was the heyday. Um and
SPEAKER_R: whoa,
SPEAKER_L: then uh you know, um yeah it was a band that wasn't that popular at the time, you know they had a couple of you know I guess a couple of things on the radio that you might have heard but um but yeah like if you were really into them, like if you were into them you were really into them and uh yeah mm.
SPEAKER_R: so you're it sounds like you're a little bit of a music movie, what I say, correct. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: a little bit yeah snob.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: But I'm
SPEAKER_R: you can't,
SPEAKER_L: paul
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah, that's that's you know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's a it's a great it's a great thing to be interested in and I'm you know, I'm bummed we have uh I live in the Chicago area and we have
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: uh this uh sort of three day uh music festival called Riot fest. It's like my one big indulgence now that I've got a kid and you know, I can't really go out as much as I used to. But um that's the one thing where it's like okay for these three days just you know like take all my calls I'm I'll see you monday and uh um yeah that's that's been uh well canceled but they optimistically said no no no we just rescheduled it for like this weekend in 2021
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: you know your tickets are now are going to be honored when we have it then and you know hopefully
SPEAKER_R: happened,
SPEAKER_L: that will be able to go forward and you know um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: interesting, yeah, interesting. Yeah, I've been having a kind of a tough time in terms of, you know, like I said, you know, watching some of the um you know the online uh you know, performances and stuff and whatnot and whatever because it's just it's hard, you know, I don't know, like I said, you know, you don't have the dynamic, obviously, you know, the audience and what not and it's just kind of you know, yeah, I haven't been able to kind of fully wrap my head around it, not not that I watched that many, but you know, you and it's like yeah, it's gonna have to get used to this to some extent. We keep hoping optimistically that okay, maybe not, you know, maybe soon we'll be back to some point where it will be more close to normal, but I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know one day it will come back and it will be
SPEAKER_R: Drop.
SPEAKER_L: a really sweet thing when it does because I think we'll all appreciate what we've we've been missing but but you know I agree it's um yeah for a long time I remember years ago I noticed you know I would look on the T. V. And you know so many channels and you'd see like oh wow there are these channels that are just you know like you can watch this performance that was recorded, you know um and I think that's great. I'll record and we let me I'll watch johnny Cash, I'll watch you know, this band that I like. And uh every time you know you just sit down in your living room on your T. V. Set and you turn it on, you like this is kind of boring. I don't uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: you know this is this is not quite as interesting to me, it's just like putting putting it on the stereo and just like what watching this is not is not doing it for me. And I and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I think it's because you miss the uh you know all the physical aspects like having the, you know like you like feel the bass shake your chest and you know, it was like um that's kind of cool or having a crowd just sort of do what it does spontaneously, you know, that's uh that's a special thing. Um
SPEAKER_R: no, for sure for sure it is, it is, you know, like I said, it doesn't make me like I said, you know, kind of you know, think about things in a way I think from way and obviously like I said, you know, paradigm is going to shift and it's been shifting obviously, you know, in big ways, but this in in in another particular particular way, so from that perspective, because if you step back objectively, I think, you know, it's fascinating, you know, like I said, it's at a personal level, it's disturbing, you know, and and obviously, you know and what not and whatever, but because if you step back and just just look at, you know, from the pure analytical perspective, it's like, well, it's interesting, you know, like everyone kind of what develops out of it and what comes out of it, you know, and so on. So uh so yeah. Yeah, we'll see, we'll see. So.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Well, you know, I think we're at the time where we can go and uh we'll fill out our survey now, right?
SPEAKER_R: I think so, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I had a really nice time talking with you though.
SPEAKER_R: You, same here. Same here. I appreciate putting up on my weird kind of, you know, approach to. Uh huh. The conversation might go,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: but yeah, it was very cool.
SPEAKER_L: this is great. It's totally painless. You have that
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you have a great evening. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: you tell bye bye.