Hello? I'm sorry, I'm late. It would seem to be an issue with the link, so anyway, yeah, here I am,
goodness.
Oh okay, well no no worries, no worries, that that's fine, so um
it's good question, have you done this type of thing before? I'm curious. Yeah. Mhm.
thank you.
an actual person, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, but this is this is the this is this is the second one that I've done actually of this actual type one a couple of weeks ago with someone and that was uh everything went fine, you know, it was it was fine, but I've done other ones um where not too prolific through uh another university of Chicago. Um uh They do studies and uh there were very much structured and had a particular format and had specific instructions for each of the participants. Oftentimes contradictory instructions which was interesting that you didn't know that and obviously that we're looking at reactions and stuff and see that's why Yeah, I'm like okay, I'm like okay, it's just kind of like yeah, you're gonna meet somebody in chat and have fun and go for it. So yeah.
Uh well, you know, that's interesting. I mean, you know,
generally I'm fascinated by this whole scenario because of the fact that I'm generally fascinated by people who can um moving someone that they don't know at all have really interesting um conversation because I can't do that. So I'm always intrigued and fascinated by that because I, you know, I'm just not good at uh I guess socially awkward and not good at making small talk. So I kind of hit a stop point very early on most of the time, you know, after what do you do? And kind of stuff and where other people like I said, just seem to be able to, you know, like I said engage and talk about all kinds of stuff. So I'm just generally fascinated
by that. So I guess I'm much more interested in the mechanics and the logistics of it. And I guess what the researchers are looking to try to understand and accomplished because of the fact that, okay, you know, I mean, I'm going to assume that most people are like me, it's like saw this and like, okay, it looks like a pretty easy way to make a couple of dollars. You know, you meet somebody that for a few minutes, although for me, you know, 25 minutes doesn't seem like a lot, but again, and having to engage with somebody that I don't know it all and try to have an interesting conversation. It's a long, it's a long length of time, you know? So uh yeah,
it's interesting.
That's a, that's a, that's a great point. Yeah. They'll, they'll generally be a, some kind of a point of reference more often than not. Like you said, if you run somebody on the train, you're probably from the same neighborhood and there's some commonality of some kind there that you can kind of, you know, latch onto if it's somebody like at a party, even if there's somebody you've never met again, there has to be some kind of common point there or something.
So there's going to be some level of things in common because of, like you said, you know, where, where you happen to be versus yeah,
throwing to people, um, you know, to, yeah. So the, the last one that I did that I mentioned, um, you know, they paired me with a, a young woman, she just graduated from college. So right off the bat, you know, we have a bit of a demographic,
you know, kind of kind of this can um not that that's you know, and necessarily a bad thing, but you know, like I said, I mean in terms of commonality there's gonna be a lot less there. Um but we managed to have a very nice conversation and luckily she was very um
talkative and outgoing and you know, kind of had a lot of questions and so on and so forth and she generally carried the conversation more than I did much to my much to my gratitude. So uh so yeah, because I always going to be thinking okay, you know, you're gonna start out with hawaii you what do you do, where you're from? A covid
going? You know, obviously, you know, how can you not talking bad and stuff like that and I'm like, yeah, ok. You know, I don't know.
Uh huh. Well I I do I do work I I do I do freelance uh kind of kind of work related to uh metadata. Um I stopped working in the corporate world about four years ago and um I decided that I still wanted to kind of do some some work on my on my own uh kind of on a freelance or contract basis and some things that come up. Um So it kind of, you know, with an easy transition and just kind of continued doing it and it just kind of fit, like I said what I wanted to do, just kind of like I said step away from the whole, you know, strict 9 to 5 and what not, but you know, still wanted to generate some some level of income but kind of do it on my own schedule, on my own time and working on things that are, you know, really interesting to me that I wanted to work so that the whole flexibility is what I was really looking for. So yeah, that's kind of what I've been doing for the past four or five years, so so working but kind of yeah, on my own, you know, schedule and on projects that yeah, you know, I find interesting. So you know, been lucky. Yeah.
Well
so it it most of most of what I look for is metadata related to uh media content, music is with the big area for me in terms of what I've worked on for the past almost 30 years, um uh Movies, books, video games, to some extent. Um A lot of the stuff that I had worked with over the past few years before I started doing this within the academic research world and library world, um and mostly related to media content, but it was in that in that in that in that context. And so for example, a project that I just finished up um
over the past couple of weeks is looking at metadata that was generated, machine generated metadata, so artificial intelligence uh and kind of doing some level of analysis into the results to see how they correlate to what the most desired expectation and outcomes would would be. So, so it's and I find that interest anyway, so, so yeah,
this to some extent, not quite that level, this is more, I guess rudimentary the project that I was working on is related more towards uh voice assistants and voice assistant
devices like uh like Alexa and google things like that. So it's more akin to stuff that people would use it for, to interact on a day to day basis. Hey, what's the weather, you know? Hey, I need directions to such and such a place. Uh, so stuff, stuff like that. Um, so there seems to be uh, pretty much a significant need, what I'm seeing because I've worked on a few projects, you know, and I had thought I don't really use those types of devices a heck of a lot, so, so it's kind of fascinating and interesting to me, you know, like I said, I mean in terms of what kind of things people might use those four. Um, and I had assumed that it was at a higher level of advancement in terms of like basic, but I consider basic stuff, you know, you're talking about, yeah, you know, writing articles and stuff and whatnot. This is much more rudimentary. And apparently the technology leaves a lot to be desired uh in those kind of, you know, kind of what you would think. Yeah. Okay.
No, they got this. No and apparently not. And where, you know, like I said, this
seems to be a lot of work available for, you know, doing stuff of that nature. Um So uh yeah, yeah, it's interesting the technology is not quite as advanced I guess as uh as uh people would hope or think. Yeah.
huh.
That is that is very good because I was going to say, I mean a lot of it, you know, because I got yeah, I gotta I gotta I have to agree with you that, you know, uh technical perspective in terms of algorithms and stuff like that. Yeah, there there there there must be stuff going on that let's be mind boggling and phenomenal. And I was going to say that I'm thinking that maybe a lot of it breaks down, I mean in terms of understanding this speech depending on accents and other, you know, things have maybe in the environment that maybe cause, you know, kind of a disconnect. But you're saying that your experience generally has been, has been, has been really, really good in that in that regard, so. Okay.
Yeah, that kind of goes back to my, to my point where I'm a little surprised, you know, like I said, I mean how many of these types of projects I've kind of been running into where to me it seemed somewhat kind of rudimentary and you know that we, wow, why don't we, we won't pass, you know, that where you're still having to, you know, kind of worry about if somebody asks, you know, what's the weather and you know, Cleveland Ohio that you're not going to get an accurate response. But a lot of the stuff that I've worked on has been almost at that level, so it's interesting, you know, in terms of what's kind of going on or what, you know, uh some of it, I guess maybe it's related to roll out of new devices because I know one project that I was working on specifically was focused on um the hardware and it was specific to a, a top of type of device. So maybe it's maybe a lot of it is that, you know, as as new new things are coming out that they have to kind of yeah go through this and see where there's bugs and glitches potentially and figure that part of it out. So I don't know.
Yeah.
I can, I can imagine I have very little to almost no experience and I should say that, you know, maybe hands on experience, but it was something that, you know, uh like I said about 15 or 20 years ago when I was working for some companies and like I said, I mean the the the work was primarily related to music and classification of music for commercial purposes for e commerce primarily. And and they had started to try to work out pulling out of blocks of text, um information that they could use and connect to um specific music albums or tracks or artists or what whatever. But that was at the very early, early stages of it and it was, it was, it was interesting. But yeah, never anything I had an opportunity to really delve into to uh to to to deeply, although like the last company that had worked for that I had left, they they did a lot of data mining and uh indexing and creating indexes out of
blocks of uh text articles primarily and stuff and what not. So but again, it was never anything that I kind of was involved in on a really, you know, just kind of uh peripheral to what what I was doing, but interesting. Yeah, but that's cool me.
it's any particular area, what you do is just generally, I mean, you know, kind of the the the the technical part of it. So in other words, like I said, you know, most of my work has always been related to music, primarily, curious. Like I said, if it's anything,
you know, perfect score.
All right, sir.
Don't you think?
Hi,
All
the time.
Four
point.
we hope.
anyway, I'm impressed. But you know, when you were talking about the, you know, the financial sectors and, you know, and, and, and analyzing that just brought to mind me, I did a couple of surveys where it was looking at where a lot of the financial companies, I guess they're trying to refine their message with regard to covid, um, for, you know, the general public and consumers and so on and so forth. And I was looking at and reading these, you know, proposed, um, uh, you know, uh, messages that they would, you know, I guess post on their website or send out, you know, uh, customers or whoever. And to see, you know, like I said, you know, what, what, what did I think of them kind of kind of kind of thing. It was fascinating to me in a way because, you know, again, you know, the messages to me couldn't I couldn't help but think, well it's just marketing really right, this is just a promotional
thing, you know, and this is a huge financial companies, obviously, you know, putting out these messages that were there were here for you, you know, kind of stuff. And you know, it's like the cynic in me couldn't help but be, you know, very much overly skeptical about, you know, the sincerity of the message, you know, and which I guess maybe was against the point of what I was supposed to be doing, you know? Uh it was it was interesting that you know, nonetheless brought brought that to my.
But wow, yeah, that's funny because they were clients of the company I worked for almost 2025 years ago. And and we were trying to work with their data. And yeah, when you brought that up on structured data, I'm like, oh my God, that was not, it was not a fun happy experience uh with them. And again, the technology wasn't quite obviously what it is now in terms of trying to work with that kind of data and make some sense out of it, you know, and uh in trying to apply rules and whatnot and try to have it conform to a format that, you know, was was uh usable and whatnot. Yeah, yeah.
Just you can get a bit of a shudder when you when you mentioned the vase. Anyway,
I'm
That's interesting. And yeah, because I have to believe that, you know, that was one of the points of frustration for me again back in the day in terms of like you said, you know, you're you're you're you're kind of translate a particular way of thinking a particular thing into some kind of machine logic, unaware machine will understand it and you know, you're a data guy, so you know, you have a certain systematic way of thinking about things and you know, a certain logic and whatnot and whatever, you can kind of translate that. But what we're talking about, like I said, you know, real language, you know, average person kind of stuff and translating. Yeah, like you know, done in terms of understanding how they work, where 23 years ago when I would talk to engineers and developers and try to make them understand there was a big disconnect back then in terms of how an average person interact and uses data and, you know, approaches that versus how an engineer would, and there was a huge disconnect and that was always conversations that we had and trying to make people instead, this is not a real person is going to use this, you know, and they're looking
for, you know, a new a new record track and whatnot. They're not looking at it, they're not quivering like a, like a Yeah, well, you know, so we got to understand that, but I was always, you know, that was always interesting. Yeah,
but anyway,
well, gosh, you know, I mean, you know, well, again, music is my thing, it's always been my my my thing since I was since I was a kid. So a lot of it is related to that listening to a lot of music, reading about a lot of
music
that was fortunate enough, like I said to be able to do that professionally as well as you know personally, so you know, it's still very much a big part of my life, you know uh personally don't get to go out to, you know um always enjoyed obviously going out and and seeing music and what not, obviously that's not been a thing and I don't know when it will be a thing again,
so
yeah, maybe maybe, but uh movies like to try to watch as many movies as possible if I had more time for that recently as as as as well um So yeah, that's kind of my my my my thing. What about what about you?
Uh but who is it about?
George,
whoa,
so you're it sounds like you're a little bit of a music movie, what I say, correct. Oh,
well
you can't,
that's yeah, that's that's you know.
Well
How
happened,
interesting, yeah, interesting. Yeah, I've been having a kind of a tough time in terms of, you know, like I said, you know, watching some of the um you know the online uh you know, performances and stuff and whatnot and whatever because it's just it's hard, you know, I don't know, like I said, you know, you don't have the dynamic, obviously, you know, the audience and what not and it's just kind of you know, yeah, I haven't been able to kind of fully wrap my head around it, not not that I watched that many, but you know, you and it's like yeah, it's gonna have to get used to this to some extent. We keep hoping optimistically that okay, maybe not, you know, maybe soon we'll be back to some point where it will be more close to normal, but I don't know. Yeah.
Drop.
Uh huh Uh huh.
that's
no, for sure for sure it is, it is, you know, like I said, it doesn't make me like I said, you know, kind of you know, think about things in a way I think from way and obviously like I said, you know, paradigm is going to shift and it's been shifting obviously, you know, in big ways, but this in in in another particular particular way, so from that perspective, because if you step back objectively, I think, you know, it's fascinating, you know, like I said, it's at a personal level, it's disturbing, you know, and and obviously, you know and what not and whatever, but because if you step back and just just look at, you know, from the pure analytical perspective, it's like, well, it's interesting, you know, like everyone kind of what develops out of it and what comes out of it, you know, and so on. So uh so yeah. Yeah, we'll see, we'll see. So.
I think so, yeah.
You, same here. Same here. I appreciate putting up on my weird kind of, you know, approach to. Uh huh. The conversation might go,
but yeah, it was very cool.
All
you tell bye bye.