Hello? What's up?
Let me start. I'm gonna start the timer here for 25 minutes. All right. Hello. I am matt. What is your name,
kevin? Thanks to meet you can to. All right. Well, I don't know what we should talk about.
Yeah, like in the instructions, they said that they would like give us like a guide if we wanted to use it and then they did not do that.
No. Yeah. So, I guess I don't know. I I brought up like a list of just like common question
and some of them are actually pretty entertaining. So I guess we can just do that.
You
want but before we do that uh What's like your what's your deal? What do you do? Are you a student
freshman in college? My God, what I wouldn't give. I'm in law school right now. I just started, yeah, I just finished my first year. It is a nightmare and a big
mistake. Getting fun. Um
What do you
I majored in. It's called Labor and employment relations. Like like human resources. Um Or I started in finance and then um I joined a business frat and I met all these kids who were like, I've been investing since I was like seven years old and stuff like that. I was like, oh I haven't. So then I got out of there and I changed L. E. R. And then after a while of that I was like, this isn't that cool either, but I was too deep, so I graduated with it and then I just went to law school. What do you what do you make?
Drinking
insight? That's cool move. Um
Okay,
where do you go?
Where?
Okay. All right, cool. I went to penn State. Um All right. Let's see. The first one that I saw that I thought was a good question was what's like something that's like really popular, Like everybody seems to love it, but that you don't get at all.
His name.
I totally
agree.
I know like he's had like a couple of songs that I like kind of got into. Like I remember I think what was it called? Like Passion Fruit? I think I was like that's a cool song. I enjoy that song, but most of them like not into it at all. And also like he's definitely like a pedophile. Have you seen all that stuff? Yeah.
No,
he's he's
bad.
Um I mean I agree with that for sure. Um Let's see. I don't know. Uh I probably have like a bunch I would say. I don't know. I don't drink coffee. I don't know everybody's
like obsessed with coffee.
Yeah. It tastes terrible. Um Also like uh Tiktok. I've tried I've tried so hard to get into it, but it's like, it's so weird. Like the generational gap like you and I are probably like in the same generation. I would,
But like for whatever reason, the gap between like your end of the generation and mine is so like huge in terms of like that type. Like do you use Tiktok?
I I have like a few accounts that I follow and like I'm only in it for the stuff that feels like buying pretty much. Um, like the things where people like do like Tiktok dances and stuff like I don't get,
No, I don't
see
the appeal.
Like just for the memes. Yeah.
Um, but yeah, I definitely don't get tick tock. I wonder if I have anything else. Good. I don't know. Honestly. Like not even just drake, but like so much of like what everyone listens to now. I like just I'm not in any mumble rap like I just can't, I can't do it. I don't know. But I'm like a big music guy. So like
I listened to like, I don't know. Um My favorites are like all the really obvious like old people pretty much like the Beatles Elton john billy Joel, all that stuff. Like if it's like an elderly white man's favorite music, it's probably mine. Um But also I don't know, Casey elephants great. Um Who else? And then they're like arcade fire. They've made good stuff. I don't know. Who do you listen to?
Pop? Yeah, that's fair. Let's go to bear listen that say so song I've never listened to it all the way through but I think it's catchy from
the
magnet heard heard fragments and it's it's stuck in light weight. Real question. What's like, what is like your your thing like what's your big interest? What do you spend your time on
running?
Ooh.
No. Oh my god. Um Yeah no getting back in the running is so hard. It's uh
Yeah I a few years ago for um this is hard to explain. There's like okay so I said I was in business breath. I would depend Penn state has this like giant event called thon every year. That's like a dance marathon thing. You don't actually dance. But it's just like um a bunch of people stand in our basketball stadium for um 46 hours straight and it's like to raise money for pediatric cancer. Um so it's a great thing and one of the things people do to raise money for it is run a half marathon was a really long winded way of getting to that. Um but yeah so I ran like a freaking half marathon like three years ago and did not run a mile for like a year after that because it was so hard
and now
I'm like
yeah seriously, I can't imagine doing twice that disgusting.
Yeah. No, no, no, I train.
Yeah, but I also like never did any sports growing up except like golf, which debatable if um
So I did that for like I trained for like a year probably before I actually ran it and it was fine. But yeah after that I just dropped
off so hard. I literally went, oh my God, I went running today because it was like a super nice day. Um And I like like almost like collapsed, not actually but like uh oh it was so bad and I ran for like not not far, it was not impressive, I need
to I need to work on it so running. And then what did you say the other thing was
reading? Yeah. What do you like, what do you read?
Wait, they're like they're real like it's not a
story.
No
way.
no that's really cool. That's actually like a genuinely but
that's cool. That's like what I would read if I read but I read that much. Um my things are like like I said music, I'm like super super into music. I like play a bunch of instruments, try to write songs um listen to a lot of it. Um I
don't
know
um I play guitar mostly and if you play guitar you can play bass and also like yuk pretty much, I mean I have a yuk um piano except self taught, so not not well though um drums and um mandolin kind of because like it's like a tiny guitar messed with harmonica. So yeah music is music is my thing. Um I don't know I like I got into fitness over the last year. Um And like I love me a good conspiracy or like paranormal stuff. That stuff's fun. I don't know those are my things. There is another good question on here. I saw if you have any questions feel
free.
I'm
just trying to make $15, right, Yep. Same.
Um Oh I kind of asked that already actually. Um.
no
no no no um I live in Maryland. I yeah my like sister went to Penn State and then my brother followed her there and then for whatever reason I like put no effort into college applications, I think I legitimately applied to like four schools. Like I was just not feeling the college search, I was not interested. I did Maryland penn state and then like U penn and uh you be a I think or something like that did not get into those two. So then it was just mail under penn state. So yeah, I went to Penn State but now I live in living memory. Um Oh no, I do have another question. Um What have you like been using your quarantine time for? Sounds like running is one of the things maybe.
Oh wait what are you still in school?
Oh that is brutal. Um yeah, I just I had my finals week a couple weeks ago I guess. I guess that makes sense. It's May
15.
Yeah. No it's um it's semesters it's just two semesters. Yeah. Oh my God. Are finals were crazy?
Don't go to law school. If you ever think about it,
don't
okay if you're actually gonna look into it then I'm kidding totally beginning. But if you're not never go along with our finals because we got to do them like take home obviously. So Instead of having like the normal three hours we had 24 hours to do them. And let me tell you how a law school exam usually goes, usually there's like maybe four essay questions or like three or something like that and you have your three hours for my torts exam last semester. Um I think I did like two full questions and like barely started the third and I got like a B plus from that because that's how terrible everybody does. So then we all do better. But when you have 24 hours you don't have an excuse to not do an entire question and you have no excuse to do a bad job. So you pretty much spend an insane amount of time. I literally would start my exams at two and finish at 10 a.m. The next day, Horrible horrible two weeks don't do it. Um But yeah, so you've just been doing like classes? That's
Yeah. Yeah. How much do you have left?
5, 5. What?
five More finals? Was this was this your first today
and um stick. But
Easy. That is way too many. Um What did you like? You're pretty lucky that like, I mean no one's lucky that coronavirus happened. But um like I feel so bad. I have so many like friends who are still seniors or I mean now they just graduated, but that would be so bad your
senior year, like
you
did last time with your friends and then it's like just shut down. That sucks.
But
It's those dad that doesn't even compare. Uh What kind of stuff did you like do this year? Like your freshman year? Did you like join anything?
Right. Uh
So great, right? Yeah. Now that I think about it, the only thing I did my business, I joined in the spring. So yeah. Mm That's wild, wow. I guess to answer my own question. Um I've been doing like a lot with quarantine. Honestly, Quarantine has been amazing for me, which is a very unpopular opinion. But
I'm
having,
I'm having the time of my life. Like I'm I'm a total like home body most of the time I have like my moments where I'm like super extroverted than trying to go everywhere. But yeah, I've like had so many goals like watch classic movies that it's like crazy that I've never seen and I've watched so many now and like um like trying to sell my childhood lego sets and like finally got around to doing that. Um and I don't know, like running again and stuff like quarantine good news for me, but you know, still bad, bad thing. Mm hmm. No, we already talked about that. Okay, interesting. Um What do you do when you hang out with your friends? I can't tell if that's a good question on that.
probably.
I bet. Yeah.
Well, I totally get that. That's fair. Um All right. That's super cool though. That's cool. I haven't seen anybody in so long. Um Although Maryland is like kind of, we've had declining cases for two weeks, so like, I guess that means you're doing well. So like we're allowed to reopen a little bit starting today actually, like now you can get a haircut and stuff like that, which
I
desperately
need.
Mhm. As you should be. Um My friends and I when we hang out, we're literally hanging out for the first time tomorrow. Actually, we're going to like sit on lawn chairs six ft apart at one of our um but let's see when we hang out, you know what we do actually? Okay, this is kind of an okay question. Um My one friend is super obsessed with tea, which is
green tea. The drink. I know, yeah,
random. No, but he's like, you just wait, he um he curls, you know like curling um and they went to Seattle to curl his team once. Um and he was just looking into like good tea houses in the area while they were there and him and his brother found this guy named mm Jason, maybe his name was also Kevin. I don't know. We're gonna for clarity. We're going to call him Jason. Um And He was this guy, he was like, he was a white man who was like super into drugs like 20 years ago or something. Um like he was super addicted bad time and he was like I got to get away from stuff and he packed up everything and moved to China didn't speak a word of chinese or anything. You just moved to china and um I got a job on like a tea farm or something and spent like a whole decade there and like you know never spoke english. So now he has like broken english like chinese accent
which is just very unexpected. Um And he like came back here and started this crazy tea company called T book where he like, he sources all the t from like the mountains of Vietnam and stuff like that. Like he has to see the farms. Um It's like it's hard core stuff. It's not like it's not like uh something you get a Starbucks, you know? Um And my friend is like really weird. So he has like this little here. He's not weird, but he's super into his tea. So he has like a whole tea set and like a little T uh cicada statue that we have to pour our before we drink it. Her name is sharp. Um So yeah, we all like when we're all home because now we're out of college. So like people are in different places, but if we're ever all here um we always like go to his house to have to. That's
my parents thought for a long time that that was a lie because it doesn't sound true but that is what I was going to do is going
to drink tea.
It really does. But it's stranger than that. Um Uh huh. Uh huh. Some weird questions. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. This is not the question I just read but it made me think of a question, have you ever seen a dead body
away? Where?
come on.
Dude.
Don't
despair.
Mhm. That is disturbing.
Yeah I have. Um Yeah no there's something so weird about seeing the lifeless body. Um Although when I asked this I didn't even think about it but I guess when like one of my grandparents passed away, we like visited his body before we like cremated. So I guess I never thought about that but that happened but then at the beach a couple years ago um we're all just you know swimming around having a good time and then we see like a ruckus happening a few like you know down the down the shore. So we go over there and we see that a man has washed up on the beach the body of a man and he was like it was so disturbing, it was like first of all he was a black man and parts of his body were just white like just everything like I don't even know how that happens but like it was just like pure whiteness and his clothes had been ripped away and the people I I stood next to the people who like discovered him. The woman was like yeah we were just swimming there and then like my son felt something touch him and he thought it was the fish and it was a man and he was dead. Yeah
really
nasty. Um
And we found out later like what happened? It was a guy who had just gone swimming like really late at night and that was like three days before he washed up. So he was just floating around in the sea For like three days. So
good good conversations. Um
That's kind of a fun question. Um Although we've only got like three minutes left but okay now it's fine. Um If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
yeah.
What? I assumed that that was the
background. No, just
the
your workplace
would smell me every day. Um I also have like a thing with my friend where we agreed that someday we will move to Belgium. I don't know why we chose Belgium um And have like a dual shop where it's like one half is I think he wants to, he for some reason wants to be like a florist I think. Um So he would have his flower shop and he's very intent on having like a shrine to buddha hidden in it somewhere, He's not buddhist. Um And then I would have my hat which would be a record store. Um But also like a super old fashioned like 1950s like Soda fountain type place with like, you know the little counter? Uh And it would make like, I don't know, old fashioned
foods and sodas and the wall between our places would be all like open squares. It's like square panels where you can see like into the other shop and that's what that would be where the records are. Would be like in the panels. And he wants there to be a cat that roams between our abs super allergic to cats, but it's fine. So yeah,
the
I think it would work really well and could make millie.
Yeah, I guess so. Um mm hmm. Okay. No. All right. Yeah. Okay. What? Oh, that's who. It's kind of like I'm going to change it. What in your life brings you the most joy? So mhm.
What? Existing?
Being alive? That's great.
You must
be so full of joy all the time.
What?
Oh yeah. Um yeah, I have a super hard question. I should have asked it. I guess. Like what brings me the most joy? Maybe like, no, that's not true. Mm I like like really beautiful nature spot. I don't know. I just like when you're in like a crazy, beautiful place with like an insane view and like probably a sunset that always like ads, you know something um and maybe like, you know, friends are like someone special. Uh That's like that. Those are always like really good moments. Or like add that friend with the t at his house. His house is like really short. So we would sometimes like put a ladder up there and climb onto his roof and
still like super late at night. And it was really cool because he has like a view of like wide open sky and stuff. So I don't know. That's always
Mhm. It's really true. All right. Well, Kevin are 25 minutes up. Our $15
are made, so I guess. I don't know. I guess we just close out of this bag, right?
All
Great talking to
you, kevin.
Absolutely. All right. Have a good have a good life.
I mean.