SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. This is a woman. Yeah. Okay. I know. Look at that. Listen. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How about it? Well, sorry? I know. I'm like five minutes later I was like taking care of my dogs in the back.
SPEAKER_L: How cute.
SPEAKER_R: I have one of them right there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we're cutie.
SPEAKER_R: He's a yorkie.
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: this room?
SPEAKER_R: uh his name is Junior. I have another one. He's underneath the blanket though.
SPEAKER_L: How cute. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So how are you today?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Good. Um It's the weather is really nice today, so I'm really happy about that.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Now the weather is nice wear.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in New Jersey in Usa Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've been to Jersey like a long, long time ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Where were you like living right now?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I currently live in phoenix Arizona, but I'm originally from Virginia and uh drive up from Virginia to go to N. Y. C. Obviously had Jersey. So yeah, that right,
SPEAKER_R: you go anywhere like uh nice in New Jersey?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I'm trying to think of the sea caucus, is it? I'm trying to think.
SPEAKER_R: well there's a city in See Caucus. Yeah. My friend lives there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So see caucus. I've been to see caucus. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Was it for like work or like visiting
SPEAKER_L: No, it was just like driving through for like just to check out N. Y. C. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, new york is is so different right now with everything that's going on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Chaos.
SPEAKER_R: How do you, everything that's been going on?
SPEAKER_L: You know, in phoenix, we're pretty lax some like thanking God. So yeah. So we don't have like tight kind of a thing. So I don't even really see people mass really like I want to target
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the other day. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have that. So all we have is like obviously like the restaurants, well even the restaurants are open now. So yeah, the restaurants are open.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: And then when I went to target, like the workers were wearing the mask, but that's just about it. Everybody else was chilling. So
SPEAKER_R: That is that is so different because like everything, I mean I think it's because like we're in the tri state area, so like we're new york which is like the epicenter and
SPEAKER_L: that's right.
SPEAKER_R: then like everywhere I go, if it's like the store or like even like the restaurant for takeout, they have like they have to wear a mask, like whether it's the workers or like if you're going in just like pick up food, it's I don't know, it's like
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: don't have that. Well, we don't, we don't have that. You know, like the workers will wear it. Like I said, like the workers like um, like the people at target and then I guess the grocery stores and the workers and the actual restaurants and stuff but the actual people like if I need to go and pick up like Subway or something like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It's so, it's so weird for me, like I feel like everything that's going on, it's just so like unprecedented that like, I don't even know how to react to it, so
SPEAKER_L: And so
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: so it's Jersey really? Because I haven't really heard much about Jersey. Right? So out here we pretty much obviously when things were going on in Washington State because we're on the pacific side. So we heard about Washington state, right? Um and that's about it and then of course we got the news about N. Y. C. But other than that I haven't really heard anything. So it's Jersey really been effective.
SPEAKER_R: Um I would say we're like better than new york, but definitely not like, like Arizona, like we are still like really? I think one thing like we're like in the peak and like, I feel like we've been in the peak for like the past like two weeks now. So it's very like this is very weird for me because I feel like everything like because my family, like we have, we have like a business where we distribute products to restaurants and like has been like really impacted with everything that's been going on and only now like people are slowly starting to open up the restaurants again because like everybody like wants the rush like opening, which I
SPEAKER_L: B.
SPEAKER_R: understand. I feel like I understand both sides. Like I understand why people don't want to just be like, you know, stuck at home for like forever. But like I feel like there are those people that ruin it for the rest and they're like so irresponsible with like, you know, keeping like at least like somewhat of a distance or like I guess like hygiene because like I feel like people don't really prioritize that and that's like the bad thing about all of this is like we were told to wash our hands and then like we just start doing other things that aren't necessary. Oh I think
SPEAKER_L: So different
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: because like yeah because like I have a
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: friend
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that go ahead. Yeah let's go ahead. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. I was just gonna say like just like the hate that's like also coming from all of this is also just really heartbreaking and fall.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Have you received a lot of hate? Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean personally. No, but like well so here's the thing. So like um when uh when our company was like doing like well before all of this was happening, um we had a driver and now like my dad had to like let him go temporarily because like we weren't just like, we just weren't making enough and like if we worked him, like we wouldn't be like earning anything. So my dad goes and I go with him because like I just don't want anything to happen to him. And like, I don't know like I feel like it's just everything is just so crazy. Like I don't even know how I would act if somebody were to come up to me and like say something like, I don't know, something like really like bigoted and like maybe like a racist remark or some like sorry. Because like,
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: doctor feeling it already?
SPEAKER_R: so like I'm just, I'm scared because like honestly like, and I got into so many like twitter altercations with
SPEAKER_L: Lord.
SPEAKER_R: other people of color and I'm just like, I'm like always like on the side of like the oppressed, like there's like there's no, there's the other one, but like um problem I don't, I don't get it. Like I feel like there's so much hate in this world and it's been so like systematically like condition. Like I don't believe anybody is born hating, you know, no born like seeing any type of race and being like, yeah, like I don't like that race. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know as far as that like is concerned, I mean that is concerning to because I'm half asian. Right? So my mom's japanese,
SPEAKER_R: You are.
SPEAKER_L: right? Yes, I'm happy asians in my mom's japanese and so like, you know like your average person is not going to know, but looking right, they're just going to assume, you know, that she's chinese and there's nothing wrong with that. Um But the thing is, is like, that's what concerns me, right. I mean there's differentiate between government and people like we don't know what's going on with chinese government personally, they don't trust, but that's not, I mean the people there they go through their own oppression to right. And so it's like differentiate the government and you just can't tell. And so you don't know if the person from here or the immigrated, they could have been born here second or third generation and stuff. And so that since I find kind of disconcerting and we haven't had that in Arizona thank the Lord. But I mean, but we're different obviously from, I mean like I have a friend that's in massachusetts and like what he's going through, I can't, I can't even imagine like he has to, like, he told me in his building, like if he doesn't wear a mask, like he's automatically like has to get, he's kicked out right then and there and I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: around,
SPEAKER_L: we don't have, yeah, we don't have that here. Like they have to wear masks all the time. Like it's enforced and we don't have that floor.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't, I just, I well emotionally still really shocked that you have japanese. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mom, japanese and you know, and um, I always tell her that, you know, it's just obviously when you go to like the market or whatever, it was some kind of asian, so you're not gonna get anything right, you got like Vietnamese everybody there. But it's just like my concern is like the people who don't know right? And there's like a lot, I mean, you know, that's like a big concern and um yeah, I mean luckily like I said here we don't have that much of an issue really going on. I think for us it's like, you know like the businesses are opening up and also to, we're going into our hot season and so most people will be staying home anyway, so it's not really like affecting us as opposed to like people in michigan, I don't know if it's still snowing, if it's still cold there, but they only have like a window of time to where it's quote unquote good weather, so we don't have that. So each date is different. I'm finding out
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I heard Arizona is like really hot too
SPEAKER_L: It's hot
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: today
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: like right now I think it's like 90. I mean you get
SPEAKER_R: we're hearing.
SPEAKER_L: up to like, yeah, I can get up to 116. But the good thing is I don't see a good thing, I mean because I used to live in Virginia too, but it doesn't get humid.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: miss that.
SPEAKER_R: bloodier where it's like, you know, just hot and then it's like it's windy here and there, but like you just, you feel like a summer breeze instead of like your skin just feeling sticky and gross
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: all the time.
SPEAKER_L: don't miss that. Like
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you take a shower and then you go outside and you're
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like, I need a shower
SPEAKER_R: you're like many
SPEAKER_L: again.
SPEAKER_R: our again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. So if this weren't happening like what would you what would be your typical day out in Jersey?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well right now because like it's so like this guy is so blue, like this cloud are so beautiful today. I probably would maybe like go out to eat with my friends are like go to the beach. Like my friends are saying like let's go to the beach. But like, I don't know if I want to go somewhere like that because like everybody is going right now. So
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know like I'm sure you've read like, you know like what happened in florida? Like, I don't know like what's really like real or not. Like I take everything with a grain of salt when I read it. Yeah, because like, I feel like reading something from one source. Like there's just so much like sensationalism like you just can't trust like one singular source. So I'm just kind of, I don't know, I'm just kind of like chilling at home. But I think usually like I'd be like with my friends and like we'd probably be like driving around town or like definitely like going out to eat and definitely like just spending time with them but with everything that's been going on, I just I've seen my friends like maybe like once this like whole yeah
SPEAKER_L: this whole time.
SPEAKER_R: through cars like we just haven't really been. Yeah you know oil evacuate. Yeah. It's it's bizarre like everything here like um So like another thing about me is like uh I was born in Hong kong and I am ready here when I was five and it was right after the SARS like epidemic there and I have no recollection of it. I was like way too young but my parents were saying like you know in Hong kong like everything is like kind of like how it is in Arizona like not even because of the weather but just because people are socially distancing and they're like, you know, wearing masks, like just to like, you know, just to do it just as a precaution and then like because they do that like it's so much easier for everything to be prevented. And like, I don't know like, I feel like we're just, I don't think we're doing like a horrible job, but I feel like we could be doing so much better for like America as a whole. Um So I don't know, that's just like really like heartbreaking because I feel like we could be doing so much more and like a lot better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like in Japan, like when I was living there, you would see people like we have cold and whatnot. Because the country, right? Because it's small and it's like highly populated in some areas and so people would automatically where the maths and stuff. So I grew up, I was used to saying that I just think with here is just like so different, right? You have so many different cultures and so many like it varies like even for state and whatnot. So you have all those are the kinds of things to
SPEAKER_R: Right. I don't um I don't know like I'm right about this, but like, I've always been like, I talked to my friends about this like with asian culture, I feel like or even like, you know, just Eastern culture in general, because even like in like UK and like, europe, those places, I feel like um they have like a more like a collectivist type of mindset, a culture where like, they are like, okay, like, you know what that person does might not completely affect me or like what I do might not completely affect them, but like, if this is something that's going to benefit all of them, like, and it's not going to hurt me, then I'm going to do it anyways. Whereas a in America, it's like, it's everyone for themselves. Like it's like a free for all where they just do whatever they want and whatever they think is best for themselves. And it's like when you have a culture with so many people that just kind of, you know, is out for like their own best interests. It's like, you're just like raising a country of like selfish people who don't care about anyone else and that's like being like shown like in michigan and like in florida and Georgia and like all those places that they're like rushing to reopen but it's like the people protesting are not the people that are going to be working. Like those are like people who are owners of like, you know, small businesses that want to just throw other people back to work and I think that is that just angers me so much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like a hard balance, right? Because like, you know here, you know, we have a lot of small businesses, right? So Arizona's it's like it's primarily rural, you have like two major cities and everything else. That's rule writes, I don't know what the rural areas are doing and then you have to donate, which is like tourism and all that. You know what they got going on there. But like for the small businesses here it's like I mean they've been struggling to so it's kind of like how do you like fit that balance? Because like I don't know if we have a seeing requirement here. I don't know what they were doing about that, but like, you know, I don't know what's gonna look like. Like so we have like a small bookstore, right? And so I would go there all the time. But now it's like they really, really need to support. But then I don't know what they're going to do as far as like because it's like a small bookstore and then you have these bookshelves. So I didn't even how you're going to do the distancing because it's like I need to get to the shelf so I don't I don't even know how they're going to do. So you think about it so I don't know if they're rushing, you haven't heard from them, like normally they send out emails and so like one of them like this restaurant, like this bar thing that's across the street, they they've been itching to reopen and so they've been doing like the takeouts and stuff and so but then like if they have that that place is small so I don't even know how they're going to do it because like a restaurant can survive, he had like people coming in so I don't know like how all this is gonna work, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I feel like everyone like, you know, it's either you know, people are following the rules and they just like hope like a vaccine will come to light or like a treatment will come to light or it's like the people who are like let's just you know throw I mean and that's like what I meant by like the american mindset where it's like you know not like all but like a majority of people are like oh let's just you know like throw everybody out there and like you know herd immunity and stuff like that. But then that like you're sacrificing like a gigantic portion of like the population to do that. And I don't know people are like oh like it's like it's how like you know society has to function and like how like everything needs to work. You know like people need to go to work like we can't just live off of like a government but like I'm pretty sure like um like half of the people that I like that I know like haven't even gotten like their stimulus and it's like it's not even yeah it's not even about like I guess like getting government help because you know there's also that argument. People are saying that like people are earning more on unemployment rather than actually going to work. And it's like I understand that but it's just I feel like there's so much that's unknown and it's just stupid to like assume and then just like go and then just pay like the consequences after. And I'm usually like a really impulsive person. Um And I hate all of this too, but like I'm doing this like not only for like myself but like also like my family like my dad diabetes and hypertension. He is like super at risk for all of this like so argument is that it's like I can definitely probably survive not after like suffering for a while if I get the virus but like my dad won't you know, so that's like the trade off that I'm not willing to make just so I can like go out and like, you know enjoy my like time like it's just I don't know, people are very very selfish and they tend to just read what they want to hear. And if it's not something that they want here or something that they want to know, they just completely ignore it and just brush it off to the side and I think that's like very scary because they'll never learn.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean it's like there's something, you're right, I mean there's so many unknowns and then like you could do, like you're talking about the phases here and there. But I mean there's like some things like no matter how many phases you're going to do, I don't know, some of these businesses can survive, like you can do a phase like I said, but like how is a restaurant that's so tiny, they're just not gonna survive with six people coming in in. So like how do you work with them on that? Or like I said, the bookstore, I mean I'm gonna have to get to the other side to the shelf. So I mean like you know what I mean? Like are they gonna take 10 people at a time and only someone could go to the shelf and so like those kinds of things, but you're right because it's so unprecedented and there's not really guidelines for that. There's like a straight forward like okay, I'm gonna go like, so for can only have 20 release for a site because it gets crazy in there. But let's give something like, I don't know, like, Well targets different. I mean let's just say like Ann Taylor, right? They can only let 10 people on there. So you go in there and you get your clothes or whatever. But then like, so maybe you can figure out how to do that, but I don't even see how that works either. Like, so like do you wait until the person's gone for 20 minutes, then you go to that section to pick up that sweater so they don't give like Yes, I guess so. I guess it's not really thought out because not each business is totally different.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And I think that's like the issue about like I guess like how we're going about this is because we're kind of like trying to look for this blanket like one size fits
SPEAKER_L: He said
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say one, say it's just not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just not the case because like, like the culture is so individualistic to begin with that like now you're like, oh we have to like come together and like band together and find a solution that, you know, makes everybody happy because like, I remember when they were announcing the stimulus stimulus checks to be like 1200 they were like, oh that's enough to cover rent, that is not enough to cover, like, especially in new york like um
SPEAKER_L: the east Philly of L A. Oh God
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no,
SPEAKER_L: san
SPEAKER_R: no, like
SPEAKER_L: Fran.
SPEAKER_R: I'm there like, it's like, like it blows my mind how I guess um like distant that like the federal government is from like the state government. Like, I don't know everything about government. Um I took like one class in high school, like that was so long ago. And like, it's just like the way that I see it is that like when you are in the government, like you're elected to be like a public servant. Like that's how people yeah, view that government position, but I think it's that's like long gone. like with like everybody in office now, it's like you have you get lucky maybe once in a while for you know like you have like a federal uh governor or like you know government worker who like actually has some type of morality and like wants to be like better and like a change. But then you have like another who might like wanna like further like his or her own agenda. And I think that is just like so harmful. But then at the same time it's like I feel like um like okay I'm like jumping like everywhere. But like psychology is also like one of my favorite topics. And I just feel like when you believe a certain way like you're never gonna want to pay attention to anything else. That leads you to like a different point of view. Like. Um I think most people, especially like older, older generations, um they're very like, you know, dead on their views. Like they're like, oh yeah, like this is the right way. Like it's been working for so long. But like within these last like I would even say like five years like technology has advanced so much like social construct has like advanced by so much. And it's just like, you know, Like we always reference the constitution and the amendments, but it's those were written in the 1700s, like
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: they're not going
SPEAKER_L: have changed.
SPEAKER_R: to. Yeah, exactly. And it's like when, when you say that to people, they're like, no, like those are like the unalienable rights and like, you know, those are untouchable, but it's like, it's not gonna work like it wouldn't work like, you know, as time progresses like new diseases coming, you can't just use the same old remedies to deal with new problems. Like it doesn't work that way and it's just like I don't think like my opinion or my perspective is like 100% right either. Like it's subject to change but I feel like yeah like civil rights and like social rights should be prioritized over monetary gain and I just I just wish at least like a few like you know just like a few more like powerful members would like acknowledge that but that's not the case.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah, I mean there's just like so many like different facets and just look at and it's just so unprecedented and I feel like you're right, that little, that little, that wasn't even like a drop in the bucket for some people, right? And just, you know, in each state, like if you look at it, like what's going on in Idaho is definitely not going on in Jersey, right. They have like, what, like the state of like was it Montana? Like I used to go this lady who is from Montana and that state is so spread out so what they can do is not what Jersey can do is not what we can do, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's definitely so different. I that's why I like that's why when trump was like oh you can like you know like um he was like four phases and you just have to follow through and like if you pass each phase like it's good like you can move on to the like when governors were like yeah we're not opening. Then he was like, oh like free the state or like free in michigan. And I ever got like, no, like I just completely disagree with that. I did not. I just don't like it. That's what I'm getting at. I just I don't like him and I I get why people would support him. Like I had a friend who did support him, but now he's like, I don't like him anymore. And I'm like, oh good, you finally came to your senses because like I think yeah, he like he is good for like economic policies but not at the expense of like people, not at the expense of like morality and you know, principles that should be held that like, you know, money comes and goes. But you know, people's lives don't like once you're gone you're gone. And I think people just need to realize that because I don't know, I think people need to realize a lot of things right now. Like I see this little thing as like a the rebirth, I don't know like and I know like some people have said that too, but like I see this whole thing as a rebirth, but you know, people are always like, oh like I can't wait until things go back to normal. And I even saw today on twitter there was this picture and like this like it was just like a cartoon drawing and like somebody was like, oh I can't wait until things go back to normal. And then like on the other side it was like why would you want to go back to normal? Because like clearly like normal wasn't working out and I agree with that to a large extent, because I feel like if normal was working then like this would have been at least like more regulated and more under like human mankind control. But since it's not and like since this is actually diverging us even more it just shows like the weakness of our system and our like world I guess, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Well I definitely agree that I have been thinking about this actually was talking to somebody this morning about it, about how we looked at it as like a, it's a dramatic changing of everything, right, this whole structure.
SPEAKER_R: Warm.
SPEAKER_L: Um because like we can totally see that they're like loopholes and not just loopholes and like I said like what we're, I mean like you said, doing like a universal thing and they were doing that for years and it just does not work, right? I mean like from like the massage therapist was a friend of mine, I mean she works with actual therapy, you know, their clients and stuff and so she's totally been impacted. So her four, the four phases are going to work for her, right? And then so, and so like all these things that they have and then like with unemployment like those, they were talking about how those were written in COBOL which is like some ancient ass language right? Like no one even uses so I mean like those things are totally outdated and so you totally see that and it's it's good like you know like working from home and stuff and so maybe some more businesses they could do that instead. You know I have definitely been on some jobs before. I'm just like I really don't need to be here like I don't need to do this to me,
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: I don't need to be, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: At
SPEAKER_L: so like that sense like I feel like that could, that could change too so in that sense it's like a painful kind of a thing. But even with that I still feel like, yeah, I I feel like I just don't agree with everything, you know? And I yeah, I think they need to be changes, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I don't know. I just I'm actually really happy. I mean like I don't know maybe like this like this is like purposeful but like I'm happy that I was like paired with you because I was like so scared at first like coming on to the video channel was like like what if this is like a horrible conversation and I'm just like silence with somebody who like we can communicate with and like and like I had a friend who actually had hers like friday, like this past friday but she didn't go because she was like, yeah, like because we were trying to like tear up just like each other work out. So I was like really apprehensive about it and I was like, you know what, I'm just going to do it. And then like, I'm glad because if I was like paired with like a guy or like, you know, just somebody who just like, I guess I couldn't talk to, I would just be like, okay, I'm just gonna go.
SPEAKER_L: After
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to be just
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: peace
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: out, I'm good, good. Well
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad, you know, I'm glad too because it's like one of those because you just I mean I think it's like the unknown. You don't know, you're going to get you know what you're gonna talk about. So I mean that sense, I mean it's cool, but I mean obviously you can see it's something that they're really concerned about because you know, they've been having topics on that I'm prolific and you know, and obviously, I mean what they haven't like a briefing this morning with Fauci talking about like those vaccinations and all this kind of jazz too.
SPEAKER_R: sure Like, I feel like there's like at least like 15 vaccines like being in trial right now, but like instead of being updated on that like we're kind of like updated on like just like other trivial things that like I feel like shouldn't even be broadcasted. Like I feel like we should be kept up to date on like how treatments are working. Like I know um like the, I forgot what malarial yeah. I think it was like malaria drug like the remnants of year. Like they were saying like that uh like a really like not really good drug, really like effective treatment for coronavirus, like real well for covid um because it was like blocking the receptors that like it uses to penetrate the cells. And I feel
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know like if there's like any possible side effects or like, you know how effective it is? Like maybe it's effective only in some patients and not in others because like, I feel like they're just like testing things, but they're not really doing it the traditional way because everything is like so chaotic. So like they're like throwing things here and there and they're like ok, this might work, that might work. And it's like in a moment of like this, like I think that is you know, somewhat more acceptable but at the same time like I feel the results should be publicized. Like if you're going to tell the public like we're testing this vaccine or were text we're testing this treatment then I feel like there should be a follow up in like a consistent follow up. Whereas I feel like it's been kind of you know, just all over the place um back in March before, like before the virus really like you know, made its way into America I read somewhere I think, I can't remember what article it was. Um and I also looked it up like in april and it was still there, how they said that like a chinese CCP um official, not like official but I think like a generally somebody with like a high ranking that hess did a vaccine on herself and like everybody in her group there's nothing about that now. So it's like okay.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't hear that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah I mean I would definitely try to google it like after we're done with our like talk like but like it's just like it blows my mind because I feel like you know we have so many untied ends that were just kind of like left to like assume and like when it comes to assuming you're going to make incorrect you know conclusions and then that will affect the majority because you know through the grapevine somebody's going to talk to this person and that person to talk to the other person and it's like that's how misinformation is spread because nobody does their research or they do their research and then like they're left with, you know, untied ends and loose ends and then they just make their own conclusion and then they just spread that so that I hate that so much.
SPEAKER_L: Now I did not hear about that. Did not hear about that at all,
SPEAKER_R: I don't even know if it's on google and I guess I last
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: checked
SPEAKER_L: watching
SPEAKER_R: in april
SPEAKER_L: yeah watch like google and it's like totally gone and see.
SPEAKER_R: Um it it was this whole thing too and they put their hair in her name out to So I don't know. But again like, I don't know, I don't know how I feel about the CCP because like I feel like my like my parents are obviously like they're, you know, they're born in Hong Kong, they're you know, an older generation, they're born in the 60s. And that was when I guess that the Communist Communist Party like was like really really you know, you know, pushing propaganda and like all of that and it's like maybe it's a little bit better right now but because they have such a bad reputation and because they always just sweep things under the rug, I feel like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: there's no like new perspective of them to be written about. And especially like after this this is just I mean this is just like the worst thing that's ever happened to them. I feel like everything that they could have done that was good in the last decade was completely wiped out by this virus. Like yeah
SPEAKER_L: Now have you known anybody to been affected by this virus? Personal?
SPEAKER_R: anybody like acted uh I well my boyfriend's uncle and an apparently like they were having all the symptoms of it except for shortness of breath and they got it tested because oh apparently there's also like a survey you have to take before you get tested. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I didn't know that,
SPEAKER_R: and qualify for testing which is like ridiculous. Um Then the but the doctor was like yeah like it's like a 200% you have it or had it and now you're like better but that's like crazy because it's like you know they're like oh yeah we have this new antibody tests or like we have this like new test and like you know we have tests like all the time. But it's like until you make it like widespread until you make it like consistent and like until you have like a steady supply of it. Like there's no use in saying that like we have a working test because that's not enough like that like we need more than just a working test. Like we need to like have it reached like the whole country or not even the whole country, but at least the people who are going to work like have them like get tested but my boyfriend's on goal and an which is crazy because they wipe everything down before it enters the house and like they, you know take every precaution possible but like that was just still the outcome. Um And then my other friend, his parents both had it, his dad had to go to the hospital and yet like a ventilator
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: but he is all better now. Apparently. I don't know like people have said like like this virus just kind of like takes and chooses and I almost feel like that's true. Like it's like it literally like you can be you know in that bracket of like old age and like you have like pre existing immuno compromised like body but they still you know suffer and succumb to it but where I was like, you know some people who are like even older than that, you know like they survive like that is I don't know like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: shit.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That's why I'm just kind of like, like I feel like I'm just, I don't trust anything beginning. I was like, like reading all these articles and stuff like that. But now I'm just kind of like I read it and I just digest it and I'm just like, ok yeah. You know like that's what I read. But like I'm not going to like let it consume my mind because like it like for a while reading all of that stuff like overwhelmed me so much. So I just
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to be much,
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm They were asking about that. I'm prolific too. Like they were like, oh, how do you feel like before covid 19? And how do you feel after covid 19? And I'm just like well hopeless.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It got to be much because like, you know, you know you go on like FB right because I have a lot of groups in there and I'm taking some courses and I go on there and then if you will be talking about it and then um Yeah, so like for some of the classes like I was on a call and so there was this lady who actually did get it and um someone who's like mother had it and then someone who's uncle died from it. Yeah, so like so that's like people you personally know, right? And then you go on I. G. And then people want like do all these like quotes and means and all this shit, you get tired of that. And then like you go check you you know you go on your phone and google news would be like, you know, I don't even have new setting, it would be on them. Like I did not ask for news on my phone,
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: you know, they don't want to see it and then it would be like, oh and then you turn on something, it just got to be too damn much, you know for me,
SPEAKER_R: I completely agree. I when when all this like happened in uh in china, I feel like that was like when it started covered so since like december, I feel like it was just like the news, this was like all it talked about and like um another thing was like in uh in february, like late january to february. Um my parents are actually in Hong kong and like I forced it, I was like, you better come back right now because I thought America was going to be safer. But now I
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: honest
SPEAKER_L: someone brought it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like, and I honestly wish that they would have just stayed there because you know, like, I still have family in Hong kong and my aunt, Yeah, like people are, you know, going to restaurants and eating and like everything is normal, everything is fine. Like they're keeping, you know, everything under control because like everybody is willing to sacrifice a little for the greater good and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it just shows that maybe like, you know, giving up your like, you know, I understand why people are like, oh I don't want to give up my liberties, I don't want to give up my rights. That's ok. Like I will never like argue with that because I do agree with that. But for the greater good, even if it's for like a little bit, I think like people can survive. Like it's not, you know, otherwise it's like a guaranteed wipe of like a percentage of the population if people keep on perpetuating this type of ignorance that they just do what they want to do and not care about anything else but themselves.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Because it got bad with the panic shopping like I don't know how it wasn't. Oh my God, you know what I mean? Like I thought there was gonna be like a bra up and target, you know what I mean? You know I mean? Just like this one like I was like, you don't need to take, it's just you in like a two year old, you do not need like this like this whole isle of oatmeal, right? I mean it was like walking dead in there. I mean people like you got to be too damn much. I'm like, you know what? And then like, you know, you have to, we have to get up early because the whole toilet paper and then I ordered something from Rite Aid thinking it was going to come right away, waited two months later It arrived
SPEAKER_R: To
SPEAKER_L: through
SPEAKER_R: run,
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: wow. I mean our like Walgreens and like, which is like writing um it's like Walgreens, Rite Aid CVS and like all those places like you know those like small pharmacies but chains, they were coming under like a lot of heat because they would post that something was in stock in store but it wasn't. And I remember like last week I think or like two weeks ago I went to three Walgreens in like a matter of like an hour because they were like oh we have these like alcoholic wipes which are like 100 count and it's like 70% isopropyl alcohol and it was in stock in the stores but it wasn't and like you could tell that it was like that for a while and then somebody wrote on the reviews. Um they were like they're doing this so you go into a store and maybe buy something else. Which is
SPEAKER_L: It is wrong.
SPEAKER_R: that stuff like it is so messed up and that's that's just America for you. Like I I can't again.
SPEAKER_L: That that's wrong. No, because like our cbs like I go to that one regularly and then the lady told me flat out because she was exhausted cause she's drinking because she had all these people like and they're all panicked out and so you know, poor thing. And she was like, you know, we get stocked every two weeks. She was every two weeks. And then, so if they didn't have it, you know, I would just have to wait two weeks. I mean I was good. I mean I went and bought like vitamins or something like that that I needed, but so I was impressed for like toilet paper or anything like that and I, you know, I have like tons of bathroom bodywork shit. That was good. But
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: you know when she was like, every two weeks I was like, okay. So yeah, I can't deal. So I don't know. I'm just hoping just just praying that that just things were just, you know, we keep it good. You don't have chaos. I can't do any more walking dead scenarios that target can't. It was walking good. Dude was walking good.
SPEAKER_R: I actually love that show. Um But I haven't I haven't watched it in a while, I stopped after a bit, but I don't, I just think like I don't because like the other day my sister went to go like grocery shopping and she was like rubbing alcohol, she was like, I only got one and I was like you do realize if we don't buy it now like we're not going to have it like because like other people are gonna come in and they're gonna buy like four and I'm like just get like at least like you know at most like to like don't get any more than two and she was like in line and she paid and she went back and she was like, oh my God, like there was only one left in a matter of like 10 minutes. The whole like shelf was full and then it was just empty.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Look surprisingly like they actually did put a limit on it and they were like, yeah, like you can only like by two. So that was good. I I remember like also like in Costco in the beginning I was going there just like buy groceries, like it was like nothing big like we weren't going to hoard toilet paper. And then like um the cashier was like, yeah, like everybody like this woman came in and she bought like eight packs of toilet paper. And then like, I was like, isn't there something you can do about that like you know like limited or something like that? And she was like, yeah, like we're probably gonna end up doing that later. I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: wow. Was this
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: recent?
SPEAKER_R: you're talk, this is like in like March,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I think it was like, like middle of March, like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: when everything really like going like downhill. So yeah, but I mean like, I think things are somewhat getting better as much like in the terms of like, people are kind of like accepting that this is what's happening, you know, like, like people aren't freaking out and running around like headless chickens anymore. So that's good. But besides that, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So hopefully like, you know, I know they're talking about things coming back in the fall. I'm like, Lord, let me just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: get this. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: The second wave or what are you talking about? Like the, like the second wave of the virus or like just things like opening up and going
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: back to what?
SPEAKER_L: I mean like they're talking about this I have been paying a little bit attention to, right? So you're talking about like um in the fall like things may come back or whatever and I'm just like Lord, so get stocking up on toilet paper I guess. I don't know, cans of green beans or something. I just don't that that warm me up. Like if I were to get sick, I was gonna get sick from stress from from being that target.
SPEAKER_R: I actually feel that so much like literally, I feel like, you know, sometimes like I wake up and I'm like, oh my God, like do I have a sore throat or like, you know, like, am I okay? Like, I started questioning all these things and I'm just kind of like, I'm fine, you know? Like, it's just like, it's like the stress and the press, like, the pressure of like, everything that's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: been going on, It's just all like, pushing down on like, my like, mental health and that's why like,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I I just stopped watching like everything because I I can't like, I have to give myself at least like, that type of break. And even like, I guess like, social interaction is a little bit too much now too because like, I talked to my friends and like, sometimes like, they won't like stop texting and I'm just like, I get off my phone because like, everything in moderation, like, that's what I always say. So like, that's why I like annoys me so much because like, I just I I do like quarantine in a sense that like, I I really appreciate and I just love my own time obviously.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, introvert here. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: too much is like, you know, obviously bad too. But like, overall like, I'm like kind of taking this time to kind of like, be by myself and like enjoy like, what, like, you know, my own like, company as opposed to like, always texting and like, always being on my phone. Because like, I feel like my friends are kind of like in the middle of introvert and extrovert where they're like, you know, we want to maintain contact is like, that's the only type of contact we can have right now, which I understand, but like, to talk like every single day, 24 7 or even like, just like a bulk of the day, like, that's like too much for me because like, that's just like, I don't know. Like.
SPEAKER_L: I hear you on that because I'm introvert too. And then so when things became it was it was really nice actually right? Because it was time to, I can decompress. And then like for me like I get overwhelmed if it's too many tax, too many emails and then thinking being, you know what I mean, facebook and all this other kind of jazz and it just became too much and so like it being quiet and it's giving me my mind to relax, my brain to relax and whatnot so I can I can focus and then so that's been helpful to, so it's like I've been really enjoying that just the quiet and just like the slower pace than just just ease and whatnot and so that I've been I've been really relishing been happy about that. Um You
SPEAKER_R: me too.
SPEAKER_L: know, I guess like the only thing that's been hard, it's like you know like you get you open up emails and like you know we you know our business is saved and and that's hard to because it's like man, I'm just just come back and I checked my email and I see that of course, you know, you know you feel that too and it's just like, I don't know, I just think I need a vacation. Like I'm not having one already but it's just like I need a vacation.
SPEAKER_R: It's a vacation from this. Like, I we understand that like, um I don't know. And like, sometimes like, I just I think back because like, literally, like, just like, a few years ago, like, when I was in high school, um when Snapchat was still like, a huge thing, and like, when people were using Snapchat, and like, they would like, snap each other, and like, you would have a good streak. Like, I remember like, there were days that I would wake up and get ready for high school, and like, I would have like, 40 notifications just from Snapchat, that's like 40 different people that I probably don't even talk to you. And now I talked to like, three, Like, four people a day max. And it's like, I mean like, I've just become like I was such an extroverted like in like the past years, but now I've just kind of I know like my attention is like, I mean this might sound a little vain but like I feel like my attention attention is so sacred that like I shouldn't be investing it in just anything like and I feel like the person I should pay attention to most is like me and like my family, like I still live with my family so like this time like I'm really taking to just like, you know, eat dinner with them, spend time with them and just like be there for like their company. Because like I feel like when things go back to normal or like when things like change again and people go back to work again, we get so busy that we just forget like you know, the basic things that we have and the basic things that we need because like this is kind of teaching us like humility in a way I feel like so
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well priorities to priorities and so like I mean I feel like a lot like a lot of people means changed for them, right? Like you know now they're spending more time with their kids and which I think is great, right? I mean like like was it several years ago I did a contract over KPMG like there was a big four for accounting and then they would work crazy hours doing like accounting season. I mean like massive. I mean hundreds of hours a week. I mean
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like it was just insane and I'm like I can't see them going back to that now. It's just you know what I mean
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: god, you're right. Yeah. I don't know. It's just like it's such a drastic change like all of this is like, you know, I feel like when you were saying like decompressing like that's easy to do but like after like a long vacation like this like going back to like that busy lifestyle where you just have to like, you know, you know drop everything and just go back to just kind of like slaving your life away at work.
SPEAKER_L: But I
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: don't think that's going to happen though.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so, it's gonna be really hard and people were saying like um remember like on facebook I saw like on Fox news like Fox news posted something, they were like, oh yeah, like for the first time ever, like, all these kennels are empty and I'm just like, people are literally only adopting dogs because they're home right now, and like, once they're not home, like once they're back, right, those dogs are going to be abandoned again. Like that that just breaks my heart because it's like, what? You don't think? Like, it's like, it's bizarre. But I mean, I guess it's how you're raised and like, the environment you grow up in. But some people are just not empath. Like, I think that's what I've like worn.
SPEAKER_L: True true. But I mean I feel like in that sense that things will change because I just because it's like people, how are you gonna, you know what I mean? Care about like some kind of arbitrary goal and you know what I mean? People, I think that people have to be more flexible, you know what I mean? And and honestly because I've done both worked in the office and at home and I just get more done at home. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like, I feel like I because I like, I mainly work from home too, and I feel like I do get a lot more done because like, I have like that flexibility where like, I'll do whatever I can, like on my own time. And sometimes like I'll feel so like encouraged to work where I just do everything all
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: at once at the beginning of the day. And then I'm just done with it. Like So I don't know. But I think you're right. Like I feel like 40 hour work days are going to be like
SPEAKER_L: I think they're gonna be gone? I think there's going to be gone. I mean like I worked at this uh this contract that this company, I really like the company, but like I got flak for like being the first one there and then I was done like once I get on a roll but I'm done and I was like done like way before and then they got mad at me for like when you get mad someone from being productive, when you get mad for someone who like finishes everything. And then I realized it wasn't about the work, it was about some other kind of arbitrary whatever. And I'm just saying that's some bullshit. Like, you know, I come in here, I do the work and I'm done and all that. I don't feel like I need to stay until like three or whatever it was. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Oh my very recently I because like, you know, I mainly work for like my my family and like my dad specifically. But um I think like September to October of 2019. I just talked with this random job because I was like, you know what, like I'm so bored at home. Like if I'm like because it was like during like a really like slow season where like I had work but it was like so little work that like I feel like my time was wasted where I could have been doing something more. I I ended up like you know applying for the receptionist job and also customer service which is like whatever like pretty much like expelling like customer service. Um And this lady had like she it was a family business, it was a screen printing. You know like when they like print stuff. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that type of company and you know like the work was so easy that like she just gave me so much busy work and I'm like I did everything I had to do already and you're just giving me work just so I would sit here for like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: three more hours and you're also learning but you're paying me for just me vacuuming the floor with that I can do a weakness in the following day. So that's what I like I ended up leaving because I was like this is a waste of my time. Like I like if you're gonna give me like work at least give me work that I feel like it's going to produce like a beneficial outcome. Like not one that you just gave me just so I can have my hands moving all the time. Like I don't appreciate that. Like I want what I do to have some type of meaning.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Not some like just to be doing something just to be. Yeah. I feel like that's changing. I do
SPEAKER_R: I do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: do think that they can then people going to realize that they can do that home. They don't need to do the two hour commute. Like, you know what I mean? We have like long commutes and stuff here and so I'm like so I feel like in that sense it's really good like I'm telling you like some of these things like majority of them I could have done at home and
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: of them was like politics to like at KPMG was politics, they were like, I don't know if they were punishing the group or whatever, but they lived way out and all their stuff, they literally were there just to print out a sheet of paper that they could have done at home and I'm like, you know what? No, that's some bullshit
SPEAKER_R: And it's like why invent emails or like why is that like video chat
SPEAKER_L: pdf's
SPEAKER_R: if you're like, yeah. And like yeah, it's just like, to me, I think like the government, this is like such a conspiracy theory.
SPEAKER_L: like we don't have enough.
SPEAKER_R: Like I feel like, you know, they want to just put us on this routine. They want us to like systematically think a certain way. They want us to like, you know, the only thing that there's only two parties like where you have to fit in one and you can't be in another, like where you can't have like democratic ideals but also somewhat understand republican ideals. Like you have to be like black or
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: white.
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: the other, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I hate that. Like I feel like there's so much more to life than black and white. Like there's so much gray area because there's no like defining line, you know, obviously like with certain topics like, yes, it's very black,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's either or but for majority, yeah, you can have like small business
SPEAKER_R: the weakening
SPEAKER_L: but yet still
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: be,
SPEAKER_R: if it's not,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: then I don't
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: something else. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to have kids because I don't want to bring them into a world like this. That's what I know everybody. I'm like, I, I really want to have kids and like I really want to have a family, but like not not when the world is in ruins, not when it's like, you know, when everybody is just out for themselves.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. I would have hated to have like a little kid now that'd be horrible. Like all
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: of a sudden they were playing outside and all of a sudden not I
SPEAKER_R: mike
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: then had, well she lives in chile um in south America and she had a baby boy I think in january or january. No, no, no, it was like february, okay, february March, like one like it was like pretty recent and I just, I just feel so bad. I mean like things aren't like super bad there. Um but it's like giving birth and like having to go to a hospital where they're probably treating patients like I don't, that's just so scary
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not like,
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's
SPEAKER_R: north.
SPEAKER_L: joyous obviously because you're bringing you know a new baby but not as it normally would be right,
SPEAKER_R: concrete.
SPEAKER_L: everyone's all master.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh, yep. And it's just like everything needs to be like clean and everything needs to be disinfected and it's just, it's not the same. So I don't know, I'm just, I'm just hoping that like this will like all somewhat be better in like realistically I think like two years like for everything to like improve and like progress in like a positive direction. Um Otherwise I feel like it's more, I don't know, I feel like it's like we're just going to be back to where we are and it's just gonna happen again.
SPEAKER_L: No I don't think we're going back, I don't and
SPEAKER_R: I wrote.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not saying it to like well wish or I just don't I just right I just I mean like it's I just don't because when people are just going to realize like you know what is it worth it? I can do this at home, I can you know you know I know people disagree with me, I mean this is my own personal viewpoint but I know what I got in discussions with people and I'm just like, you know, I have never been to Sweden, so it's easy for me to say actually, I do know the Swedish lady, but I was just like, you know what? Maybe they don't have like these chronic issues or whatever because it's like They have like a lifestyle, right? So they work like, like I study French right? So they work with like 30 hours a week or like, you know Denmark or somebody, they do six hours a day, then that's the rest of the day that they do their hobbies or they spend with family or they get an education or whatever it is. And so I don't see why we can't, you know what I mean? I just feel like we've been way too out of balance and all this and why like people like giving all this energy and everything to a corporation that doesn't give them that back, they don't give him that time
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and and all of that, so I just don't, but that's just me
SPEAKER_R: he just like nagged to be weld. Um But like no like I completely agree with you because I feel like it's so it's so sad to see like how many people are like, you know they go to work and they like do their best and they excel at their work. But like for a ceo that's never going to know them by their actual name. Like for
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: somebody
SPEAKER_L: doesn't care.
SPEAKER_R: like you're just working to make somebody else's dream happen where you're like we're like if anything were to happen to you, like they would just be like, okay let's just we can hire another person so that is, I just roll my eyes so hard at that. Like I just don't, I don't agree with corporations and like, you know like I feel like even like in the future if I were to like be like really successful or like you know like a gigantically corporation myself, like I feel like I would still maintain the morals that like people are more important. Like I always have learned at least from my parents that like you will always come and go and if it's not yours then it's not yours. But like if you keep on chasing that like you'll just become like the worst version of yourself. So that's just something that I want to like avoid at all costs. It's just too much this world of becoming too much. Like we're just so busy all the time that we just don't even know how to appreciate the little things anymore,
SPEAKER_L: No, I want that that simple life.
SPEAKER_R: that one I need to, but we're just, we're just like, I feel like we're at a standstill right now, like we're not
SPEAKER_L: it feels like it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it is what it is. I got I've been saying that so much recently, like the it is what it is thing, but I just, I don't see anything like progressing in the next few months to a year. So
SPEAKER_L: a few months is one thing, I don't know about a year though, it's like a long time.
SPEAKER_R: it is a long time. But like I'm trying to be like leaning towards like pessimistic and like realistic when I'm looking at this because I feel like if I, you know, I'm too optimistic about it, like I'm just gonna let myself down and I don't want to do that.
SPEAKER_L: And it's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: understandable.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's why like when I like the prolific surveys are like, how do you feel about this? I'm just like um absolutely hopeless because I don't think that like anything is going to get better for a while, but I I still have faith that it will, but I just, I can't see it bettering for a while.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah, I mean there's so much right, there's so many things going on. I mean, at the local level and then obviously state national level, I mean, it's just interesting to see, you know, what happens I mean, like, I mean, I definitely, you know, you know, definitely want the best. It's just uh it's just a lot of unknown and I think that gives rise to a lot of, you know, anxiety, you know, understandably. So right, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's, I don't know, but this is like, I will say like it was actually like really refreshing to like again, like I know like I just like I was so apprehensive about joining the video call because I was like, I don't think I'm gonna, you know, like benefit from this. But like it was really nice to talk to somebody that was like I had like a similar like mindset but like also like you brought like, you know, different. It was similar, but you also did like bring like a different perspective into it, which I really appreciate because I feel like, you know like I've been talking about this with my friends and they're just like, you know, they kind of see it the same way that I do and like, you know, they have like their own opinions too. But it's like to like talk to somebody like, you know, completely like different, completely new. It's like really refreshing.
SPEAKER_L: from Arizona living out all random wild West.
SPEAKER_R: But I'm really, I'm actually really, really happy that like Arizona is nothing like the tri state right now because
SPEAKER_L: I don't know because it's like because we're like, it's on it, it does its own, I mean we haven't even had our own time zone, right? So it's like, yeah, so I always like, I'll be early or I'll miss or people want to call in their time and it's not the time, you know what I mean? I think I don't know if hawaii does the same thing, but yeah, Arizona doesn't change time zones, right? So I always have to say like Arizona time, so
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I have to like, you know, so like I'm on conference calls with people in California, I'm like, okay, so like one time I showed up I was an hour early then I fell asleep in this call another time like east coast and I didn't realize that the time had changed and then it was like went back to three hours and then you know what I mean, that I showed up
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: two hours and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: crazy. I don't know, it's I don't know why we do, I don't know why we do have the things which, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't miss that switching back the clock because I had to do that when I was flying back from Arizona to Virginia and I don't have to do that now
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Do you have family in Virginia?
SPEAKER_L: now in the more they moved out because I got tired of snow.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. Yeah. It was it's been handling here in like the middle spring, which makes no sense to me. But
SPEAKER_L: But I do Miss four seasons.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I like the four seasons. Yeah because then otherwise like it's just the same like season all year around, right? Like in Arizona it's always sunny if it's not like it's raining but more.
SPEAKER_L: I mean but it's like these because you have like the four seasons and then like you get NyC right there and you go to Philly, then you get A. D. C. S. You have all those kinds of cool things going on too. So there's like always like that kind of trade off. So culturally definitely there's no comparison. You
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: know what I mean? It's absolutely nothing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: did you why did you choose Arizona though?
SPEAKER_L: You know it's one of those things because like when I was in Virginia like I don't know about Jersey but like with Virginia like and I was like it's mid atlantic right? So we're right there with pennsylvania Maryland. Delaware. So it's mid atlantic. And then you have like south of Virginia still considered south. Like if you're like the D. C. That's like northern right? But everything like first really exiled like that that's still considered south. And so everyone had like When you wanna call legacies like their parents went to like William and Mary Williams was like 20 minutes away or they went to like unc or like you via that kind of a thing. Or they or they ventured out, they went to like, you know, N. Y. U. Or something like that. But I was very rare. So most of people went to like stayed in Virginia. They went to north Carolina or just like kind of aggregated in the south and went to sm you right to the methodist or like somebody went way out to stanford. I chose Arizona. It just it was just something different like because you know, at the time I was like if I stayed in Virginia and I was just going to stay in Virginia rate because
SPEAKER_R: Room.
SPEAKER_L: it's like, you know, we have the legacy and then you know, it's just like I wouldn't really grow.
SPEAKER_R: That's yeah. That's really important. I think like to venture to like a different area in a different place to like I knew you are but like actually like it's true like I feel like like you know when you put yourself in like an unknown like environment it really like really humbles you in a way because
SPEAKER_L: You have to
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: grow.
SPEAKER_R: makes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you have to grow. I mean like I mean coming out to Arizona was such a huge change from Virginia like from where like in Virginia it's either like I would say not really friendly and it depends on, you know, if you're there or not, but it's more like who, you know, and you know, you don't go out of your way here. People come and talk to, you know, I couldn't get used to. That was like, I don't talk to me. So you have that, you know how to get used to that. And it's like way way back here to like, it's not all like, you know what I mean, dressed up to the nines and stuff, but you know what I mean? So, but it's like, you know, I'm ready for a change too, so I don't know what that brings either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Unfortunately I do have to go. My mom really wants you to help her with garden.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. I actually need to go to target to pick up some stuff to you. So
SPEAKER_R: You safe. Okay
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: We were giving me a really wonderful conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. You too. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Stay
SPEAKER_L: Have a good one.
SPEAKER_R: home.