How about it? Well, sorry? I know. I'm like five minutes later I was like taking care of my dogs in the back.
I have one of them right there.
He's a yorkie.
I'm
uh his name is Junior. I have another one. He's underneath the blanket though.
huh.
So how are you today?
Good. Um It's the weather is really nice today, so I'm really happy about that.
I'm in New Jersey in Usa Yeah.
Yeah.
Where were you like living right now?
you go anywhere like uh nice in New Jersey?
well there's a city in See Caucus. Yeah. My friend lives there.
Was it for like work or like visiting
Yeah, new york is is so different right now with everything that's going on. Yeah.
How do you, everything that's been going on?
No.
It
That is that is so different because like everything, I mean I think it's because like we're in the tri state area, so like we're new york which is like the epicenter and
then like everywhere I go, if it's like the store or like even like the restaurant for takeout, they have like they have to wear a mask, like whether it's the workers or like if you're going in just like pick up food, it's I don't know, it's like
it's
I don't know. It's so, it's so weird for me, like I feel like everything that's going on, it's just so like unprecedented that like, I don't even know how to react to it, so
I don't
Um I would say we're like better than new york, but definitely not like, like Arizona, like we are still like really? I think one thing like we're like in the peak and like, I feel like we've been in the peak for like the past like two weeks now. So it's very like this is very weird for me because I feel like everything like because my family, like we have, we have like a business where we distribute products to restaurants and like has been like really impacted with everything that's been going on and only now like people are slowly starting to open up the restaurants again because like everybody like wants the rush like opening, which I
understand. I feel like I understand both sides. Like I understand why people don't want to just be like, you know, stuck at home for like forever. But like I feel like there are those people that ruin it for the rest and they're like so irresponsible with like, you know, keeping like at least like somewhat of a distance or like I guess like hygiene because like I feel like people don't really prioritize that and that's like the bad thing about all of this is like we were told to wash our hands and then like we just start doing other things that aren't necessary. Oh I think
and
just
like
Oh no. I was just gonna say like just like the hate that's like also coming from all of this is also just really heartbreaking and fall.
I mean personally. No, but like well so here's the thing. So like um when uh when our company was like doing like well before all of this was happening, um we had a driver and now like my dad had to like let him go temporarily because like we weren't just like, we just weren't making enough and like if we worked him, like we wouldn't be like earning anything. So my dad goes and I go with him because like I just don't want anything to happen to him. And like, I don't know like I feel like it's just everything is just so crazy. Like I don't even know how I would act if somebody were to come up to me and like say something like, I don't know, something like really like bigoted and like maybe like a racist remark or some like sorry. Because like,
like, yeah,
so like I'm just, I'm scared because like honestly like, and I got into so many like twitter altercations with
other people of color and I'm just like, I'm like always like on the side of like the oppressed, like there's like there's no, there's the other one, but like um problem I don't, I don't get it. Like I feel like there's so much hate in this world and it's been so like systematically like condition. Like I don't believe anybody is born hating, you know, no born like seeing any type of race and being like, yeah, like I don't like that race. Yeah.
You are.
around,
Yeah. I don't, I just, I well emotionally still really shocked that you have japanese. That's really cool.
I don't, I heard Arizona is like really hot too
or
more
we're hearing.
Okay. That's,
I love
that. I
love
like
bloodier where it's like, you know, just hot and then it's like it's windy here and there, but like you just, you feel like a summer breeze instead of like your skin just feeling sticky and gross
all the time.
No,
and
you're like many
our again.
Um Well right now because like it's so like this guy is so blue, like this cloud are so beautiful today. I probably would maybe like go out to eat with my friends are like go to the beach. Like my friends are saying like let's go to the beach. But like, I don't know if I want to go somewhere like that because like everybody is going right now. So
I don't know like I'm sure you've read like, you know like what happened in florida? Like, I don't know like what's really like real or not. Like I take everything with a grain of salt when I read it. Yeah, because like, I feel like reading something from one source. Like there's just so much like sensationalism like you just can't trust like one singular source. So I'm just kind of, I don't know, I'm just kind of like chilling at home. But I think usually like I'd be like with my friends and like we'd probably be like driving around town or like definitely like going out to eat and definitely like just spending time with them but with everything that's been going on, I just I've seen my friends like maybe like once this like whole yeah
through cars like we just haven't really been. Yeah you know oil evacuate. Yeah. It's it's bizarre like everything here like um So like another thing about me is like uh I was born in Hong kong and I am ready here when I was five and it was right after the SARS like epidemic there and I have no recollection of it. I was like way too young but my parents were saying like you know in Hong kong like everything is like kind of like how it is in Arizona like not even because of the weather but just because people are socially distancing and they're like, you know, wearing masks, like just to like, you know, just to do it just as a precaution and then like because they do that like it's so much easier for everything to be prevented. And like, I don't know like, I feel like we're just, I don't think we're doing like a horrible job, but I feel like we could be doing so much better for like America as a whole. Um So I don't know, that's just like really like heartbreaking because I feel like we could be doing so much more and like a lot better.
Right. I don't um I don't know like I'm right about this, but like, I've always been like, I talked to my friends about this like with asian culture, I feel like or even like, you know, just Eastern culture in general, because even like in like UK and like, europe, those places, I feel like um they have like a more like a collectivist type of mindset, a culture where like, they are like, okay, like, you know what that person does might not completely affect me or like what I do might not completely affect them, but like, if this is something that's going to benefit all of them, like, and it's not going to hurt me, then I'm going to do it anyways. Whereas a in America, it's like, it's everyone for themselves. Like it's like a free for all where they just do whatever they want and whatever they think is best for themselves. And it's like when you have a culture with so many people that just kind of, you know, is out for like their own best interests. It's like, you're just like raising a country of like selfish people who don't care about anyone else and that's like being like shown like in michigan and like in florida and Georgia and like all those places that they're like rushing to reopen but it's like the people protesting are not the people that are going to be working. Like those are like people who are owners of like, you know, small businesses that want to just throw other people back to work and I think that is that just angers me so much.
I feel like everyone like, you know, it's either you know, people are following the rules and they just like hope like a vaccine will come to light or like a treatment will come to light or it's like the people who are like let's just you know throw I mean and that's like what I meant by like the american mindset where it's like you know not like all but like a majority of people are like oh let's just you know like throw everybody out there and like you know herd immunity and stuff like that. But then that like you're sacrificing like a gigantic portion of like the population to do that. And I don't know people are like oh like it's like it's how like you know society has to function and like how like everything needs to work. You know like people need to go to work like we can't just live off of like a government but like I'm pretty sure like um like half of the people that I like that I know like haven't even gotten like their stimulus and it's like it's not even yeah it's not even about like I guess like getting government help because you know there's also that argument. People are saying that like people are earning more on unemployment rather than actually going to work. And it's like I understand that but it's just I feel like there's so much that's unknown and it's just stupid to like assume and then just like go and then just pay like the consequences after. And I'm usually like a really impulsive person. Um And I hate all of this too, but like I'm doing this like not only for like myself but like also like my family like my dad diabetes and hypertension. He is like super at risk for all of this like so argument is that it's like I can definitely probably survive not after like suffering for a while if I get the virus but like my dad won't you know, so that's like the trade off that I'm not willing to make just so I can like go out and like, you know enjoy my like time like it's just I don't know, people are very very selfish and they tend to just read what they want to hear. And if it's not something that they want here or something that they want to know, they just completely ignore it and just brush it off to the side and I think that's like very scary because they'll never learn.
Exactly. And I think that's like the issue about like I guess like how we're going about this is because we're kind of like trying to look for this blanket like one size fits
all.
Yeah. It's just not the case because like, like the culture is so individualistic to begin with that like now you're like, oh we have to like come together and like band together and find a solution that, you know, makes everybody happy because like, I remember when they were announcing the stimulus stimulus checks to be like 1200 they were like, oh that's enough to cover rent, that is not enough to cover, like, especially in new york like um
Yeah. No, no,
no, like
I'm there like, it's like, like it blows my mind how I guess um like distant that like the federal government is from like the state government. Like, I don't know everything about government. Um I took like one class in high school, like that was so long ago. And like, it's just like the way that I see it is that like when you are in the government, like you're elected to be like a public servant. Like that's how people yeah, view that government position, but I think it's that's like long gone. like with like everybody in office now, it's like you have you get lucky maybe once in a while for you know like you have like a federal uh governor or like you know government worker who like actually has some type of morality and like wants to be like better and like a change. But then you have like another who might like wanna like further like his or her own agenda. And I think that is just like so harmful. But then at the same time it's like I feel like um like okay I'm like jumping like everywhere. But like psychology is also like one of my favorite topics. And I just feel like when you believe a certain way like you're never gonna want to pay attention to anything else. That leads you to like a different point of view. Like. Um I think most people, especially like older, older generations, um they're very like, you know, dead on their views. Like they're like, oh yeah, like this is the right way. Like it's been working for so long. But like within these last like I would even say like five years like technology has advanced so much like social construct has like advanced by so much. And it's just like, you know, Like we always reference the constitution and the amendments, but it's those were written in the 1700s, like
they're not going
to. Yeah, exactly. And it's like when, when you say that to people, they're like, no, like those are like the unalienable rights and like, you know, those are untouchable, but it's like, it's not gonna work like it wouldn't work like, you know, as time progresses like new diseases coming, you can't just use the same old remedies to deal with new problems. Like it doesn't work that way and it's just like I don't think like my opinion or my perspective is like 100% right either. Like it's subject to change but I feel like yeah like civil rights and like social rights should be prioritized over monetary gain and I just I just wish at least like a few like you know just like a few more like powerful members would like acknowledge that but that's not the case.
Yeah it's it's definitely so different. I that's why I like that's why when trump was like oh you can like you know like um he was like four phases and you just have to follow through and like if you pass each phase like it's good like you can move on to the like when governors were like yeah we're not opening. Then he was like, oh like free the state or like free in michigan. And I ever got like, no, like I just completely disagree with that. I did not. I just don't like it. That's what I'm getting at. I just I don't like him and I I get why people would support him. Like I had a friend who did support him, but now he's like, I don't like him anymore. And I'm like, oh good, you finally came to your senses because like I think yeah, he like he is good for like economic policies but not at the expense of like people, not at the expense of like morality and you know, principles that should be held that like, you know, money comes and goes. But you know, people's lives don't like once you're gone you're gone. And I think people just need to realize that because I don't know, I think people need to realize a lot of things right now. Like I see this little thing as like a the rebirth, I don't know like and I know like some people have said that too, but like I see this whole thing as a rebirth, but you know, people are always like, oh like I can't wait until things go back to normal. And I even saw today on twitter there was this picture and like this like it was just like a cartoon drawing and like somebody was like, oh I can't wait until things go back to normal. And then like on the other side it was like why would you want to go back to normal? Because like clearly like normal wasn't working out and I agree with that to a large extent, because I feel like if normal was working then like this would have been at least like more regulated and more under like human mankind control. But since it's not and like since this is actually diverging us even more it just shows like the weakness of our system and our like world I guess, you know? Yeah.
Warm.
my
But yeah.
At
Mhm. I don't know. I just I'm actually really happy. I mean like I don't know maybe like this like this is like purposeful but like I'm happy that I was like paired with you because I was like so scared at first like coming on to the video channel was like like what if this is like a horrible conversation and I'm just like silence with somebody who like we can communicate with and like and like I had a friend who actually had hers like friday, like this past friday but she didn't go because she was like, yeah, like because we were trying to like tear up just like each other work out. So I was like really apprehensive about it and I was like, you know what, I'm just going to do it. And then like, I'm glad because if I was like paired with like a guy or like, you know, just somebody who just like, I guess I couldn't talk to, I would just be like, okay, I'm just gonna go.
I
was
like
what?
sure Like, I feel like there's like at least like 15 vaccines like being in trial right now, but like instead of being updated on that like we're kind of like updated on like just like other trivial things that like I feel like shouldn't even be broadcasted. Like I feel like we should be kept up to date on like how treatments are working. Like I know um like the, I forgot what malarial yeah. I think it was like malaria drug like the remnants of year. Like they were saying like that uh like a really like not really good drug, really like effective treatment for coronavirus, like real well for covid um because it was like blocking the receptors that like it uses to penetrate the cells. And I feel
like
that's
like,
I don't know like if there's like any possible side effects or like, you know how effective it is? Like maybe it's effective only in some patients and not in others because like, I feel like they're just like testing things, but they're not really doing it the traditional way because everything is like so chaotic. So like they're like throwing things here and there and they're like ok, this might work, that might work. And it's like in a moment of like this, like I think that is you know, somewhat more acceptable but at the same time like I feel the results should be publicized. Like if you're going to tell the public like we're testing this vaccine or were text we're testing this treatment then I feel like there should be a follow up in like a consistent follow up. Whereas I feel like it's been kind of you know, just all over the place um back in March before, like before the virus really like you know, made its way into America I read somewhere I think, I can't remember what article it was. Um and I also looked it up like in april and it was still there, how they said that like a chinese CCP um official, not like official but I think like a generally somebody with like a high ranking that hess did a vaccine on herself and like everybody in her group there's nothing about that now. So it's like okay.
Mhm. Yeah I mean I would definitely try to google it like after we're done with our like talk like but like it's just like it blows my mind because I feel like you know we have so many untied ends that were just kind of like left to like assume and like when it comes to assuming you're going to make incorrect you know conclusions and then that will affect the majority because you know through the grapevine somebody's going to talk to this person and that person to talk to the other person and it's like that's how misinformation is spread because nobody does their research or they do their research and then like they're left with, you know, untied ends and loose ends and then they just make their own conclusion and then they just spread that so that I hate that so much.
I don't even know if it's on google and I guess I last
checked
in april
Um it it was this whole thing too and they put their hair in her name out to So I don't know. But again like, I don't know, I don't know how I feel about the CCP because like I feel like my like my parents are obviously like they're, you know, they're born in Hong Kong, they're you know, an older generation, they're born in the 60s. And that was when I guess that the Communist Communist Party like was like really really you know, you know, pushing propaganda and like all of that and it's like maybe it's a little bit better right now but because they have such a bad reputation and because they always just sweep things under the rug, I feel like
there's no like new perspective of them to be written about. And especially like after this this is just I mean this is just like the worst thing that's ever happened to them. I feel like everything that they could have done that was good in the last decade was completely wiped out by this virus. Like yeah
anybody like acted uh I well my boyfriend's uncle and an apparently like they were having all the symptoms of it except for shortness of breath and they got it tested because oh apparently there's also like a survey you have to take before you get tested. So
and qualify for testing which is like ridiculous. Um Then the but the doctor was like yeah like it's like a 200% you have it or had it and now you're like better but that's like crazy because it's like you know they're like oh yeah we have this new antibody tests or like we have this like new test and like you know we have tests like all the time. But it's like until you make it like widespread until you make it like consistent and like until you have like a steady supply of it. Like there's no use in saying that like we have a working test because that's not enough like that like we need more than just a working test. Like we need to like have it reached like the whole country or not even the whole country, but at least the people who are going to work like have them like get tested but my boyfriend's on goal and an which is crazy because they wipe everything down before it enters the house and like they, you know take every precaution possible but like that was just still the outcome. Um And then my other friend, his parents both had it, his dad had to go to the hospital and yet like a ventilator
but he is all better now. Apparently. I don't know like people have said like like this virus just kind of like takes and chooses and I almost feel like that's true. Like it's like it literally like you can be you know in that bracket of like old age and like you have like pre existing immuno compromised like body but they still you know suffer and succumb to it but where I was like, you know some people who are like even older than that, you know like they survive like that is I don't know like
shit.
Yeah, That's why I'm just kind of like, like I feel like I'm just, I don't trust anything beginning. I was like, like reading all these articles and stuff like that. But now I'm just kind of like I read it and I just digest it and I'm just like, ok yeah. You know like that's what I read. But like I'm not going to like let it consume my mind because like it like for a while reading all of that stuff like overwhelmed me so much. So I just
I
mm hmm They were asking about that. I'm prolific too. Like they were like, oh, how do you feel like before covid 19? And how do you feel after covid 19? And I'm just like well hopeless.
I know.
I completely agree. I when when all this like happened in uh in china, I feel like that was like when it started covered so since like december, I feel like it was just like the news, this was like all it talked about and like um another thing was like in uh in february, like late january to february. Um my parents are actually in Hong kong and like I forced it, I was like, you better come back right now because I thought America was going to be safer. But now I
honest
like, and I honestly wish that they would have just stayed there because you know, like, I still have family in Hong kong and my aunt, Yeah, like people are, you know, going to restaurants and eating and like everything is normal, everything is fine. Like they're keeping, you know, everything under control because like everybody is willing to sacrifice a little for the greater good and yeah,
it just shows that maybe like, you know, giving up your like, you know, I understand why people are like, oh I don't want to give up my liberties, I don't want to give up my rights. That's ok. Like I will never like argue with that because I do agree with that. But for the greater good, even if it's for like a little bit, I think like people can survive. Like it's not, you know, otherwise it's like a guaranteed wipe of like a percentage of the population if people keep on perpetuating this type of ignorance that they just do what they want to do and not care about anything else but themselves.
To
run,
wow. I mean our like Walgreens and like, which is like writing um it's like Walgreens, Rite Aid CVS and like all those places like you know those like small pharmacies but chains, they were coming under like a lot of heat because they would post that something was in stock in store but it wasn't. And I remember like last week I think or like two weeks ago I went to three Walgreens in like a matter of like an hour because they were like oh we have these like alcoholic wipes which are like 100 count and it's like 70% isopropyl alcohol and it was in stock in the stores but it wasn't and like you could tell that it was like that for a while and then somebody wrote on the reviews. Um they were like they're doing this so you go into a store and maybe buy something else. Which is
that stuff like it is so messed up and that's that's just America for you. Like I I can't again.
I mean
I actually love that show. Um But I haven't I haven't watched it in a while, I stopped after a bit, but I don't, I just think like I don't because like the other day my sister went to go like grocery shopping and she was like rubbing alcohol, she was like, I only got one and I was like you do realize if we don't buy it now like we're not going to have it like because like other people are gonna come in and they're gonna buy like four and I'm like just get like at least like you know at most like to like don't get any more than two and she was like in line and she paid and she went back and she was like, oh my God, like there was only one left in a matter of like 10 minutes. The whole like shelf was full and then it was just empty.
Look surprisingly like they actually did put a limit on it and they were like, yeah, like you can only like by two. So that was good. I I remember like also like in Costco in the beginning I was going there just like buy groceries, like it was like nothing big like we weren't going to hoard toilet paper. And then like um the cashier was like, yeah, like everybody like this woman came in and she bought like eight packs of toilet paper. And then like, I was like, isn't there something you can do about that like you know like limited or something like that? And she was like, yeah, like we're probably gonna end up doing that later. I'm like,
when
you're talk, this is like in like March,
I think it was like, like middle of March, like
when everything really like going like downhill. So yeah, but I mean like, I think things are somewhat getting better as much like in the terms of like, people are kind of like accepting that this is what's happening, you know, like, like people aren't freaking out and running around like headless chickens anymore. So that's good. But besides that, Yeah.
that's
The second wave or what are you talking about? Like the, like the second wave of the virus or like just things like opening up and going
back to what?
I actually feel that so much like literally, I feel like, you know, sometimes like I wake up and I'm like, oh my God, like do I have a sore throat or like, you know, like, am I okay? Like, I started questioning all these things and I'm just kind of like, I'm fine, you know? Like, it's just like, it's like the stress and the press, like, the pressure of like, everything that's
been going on, It's just all like, pushing down on like, my like, mental health and that's why like,
I I just stopped watching like everything because I I can't like, I have to give myself at least like, that type of break. And even like, I guess like, social interaction is a little bit too much now too because like, I talked to my friends and like, sometimes like, they won't like stop texting and I'm just like, I get off my phone because like, everything in moderation, like, that's what I always say. So like, that's why I like annoys me so much because like, I just I I do like quarantine in a sense that like, I I really appreciate and I just love my own time obviously.
too much is like, you know, obviously bad too. But like, overall like, I'm like kind of taking this time to kind of like, be by myself and like enjoy like, what, like, you know, my own like, company as opposed to like, always texting and like, always being on my phone. Because like, I feel like my friends are kind of like in the middle of introvert and extrovert where they're like, you know, we want to maintain contact is like, that's the only type of contact we can have right now, which I understand, but like, to talk like every single day, 24 7 or even like, just like a bulk of the day, like, that's like too much for me because like, that's just like, I don't know. Like.
me too.
It's a vacation from this. Like, I we understand that like, um I don't know. And like, sometimes like, I just I think back because like, literally, like, just like, a few years ago, like, when I was in high school, um when Snapchat was still like, a huge thing, and like, when people were using Snapchat, and like, they would like, snap each other, and like, you would have a good streak. Like, I remember like, there were days that I would wake up and get ready for high school, and like, I would have like, 40 notifications just from Snapchat, that's like 40 different people that I probably don't even talk to you. And now I talked to like, three, Like, four people a day max. And it's like, I mean like, I've just become like I was such an extroverted like in like the past years, but now I've just kind of I know like my attention is like, I mean this might sound a little vain but like I feel like my attention attention is so sacred that like I shouldn't be investing it in just anything like and I feel like the person I should pay attention to most is like me and like my family, like I still live with my family so like this time like I'm really taking to just like, you know, eat dinner with them, spend time with them and just like be there for like their company. Because like I feel like when things go back to normal or like when things like change again and people go back to work again, we get so busy that we just forget like you know, the basic things that we have and the basic things that we need because like this is kind of teaching us like humility in a way I feel like so
That's
My
god, you're right. Yeah. I don't know. It's just like it's such a drastic change like all of this is like, you know, I feel like when you were saying like decompressing like that's easy to do but like after like a long vacation like this like going back to like that busy lifestyle where you just have to like, you know, you know drop everything and just go back to just kind of like slaving your life away at work.
Like
I don't think so, it's gonna be really hard and people were saying like um remember like on facebook I saw like on Fox news like Fox news posted something, they were like, oh yeah, like for the first time ever, like, all these kennels are empty and I'm just like, people are literally only adopting dogs because they're home right now, and like, once they're not home, like once they're back, right, those dogs are going to be abandoned again. Like that that just breaks my heart because it's like, what? You don't think? Like, it's like, it's bizarre. But I mean, I guess it's how you're raised and like, the environment you grow up in. But some people are just not empath. Like, I think that's what I've like worn.
I feel like, I feel like I because I like, I mainly work from home too, and I feel like I do get a lot more done because like, I have like that flexibility where like, I'll do whatever I can, like on my own time. And sometimes like I'll feel so like encouraged to work where I just do everything all
at once at the beginning of the day. And then I'm just done with it. Like So I don't know. But I think you're right. Like I feel like 40 hour work days are going to be like
Hi. Oh my very recently I because like, you know, I mainly work for like my my family and like my dad specifically. But um I think like September to October of 2019. I just talked with this random job because I was like, you know what, like I'm so bored at home. Like if I'm like because it was like during like a really like slow season where like I had work but it was like so little work that like I feel like my time was wasted where I could have been doing something more. I I ended up like you know applying for the receptionist job and also customer service which is like whatever like pretty much like expelling like customer service. Um And this lady had like she it was a family business, it was a screen printing. You know like when they like print stuff. Yeah
that type of company and you know like the work was so easy that like she just gave me so much busy work and I'm like I did everything I had to do already and you're just giving me work just so I would sit here for like
three more hours and you're also learning but you're paying me for just me vacuuming the floor with that I can do a weakness in the following day. So that's what I like I ended up leaving because I was like this is a waste of my time. Like I like if you're gonna give me like work at least give me work that I feel like it's going to produce like a beneficial outcome. Like not one that you just gave me just so I can have my hands moving all the time. Like I don't appreciate that. Like I want what I do to have some type of meaning.
I do
too.
I'm
like,
And it's like why invent emails or like why is that like video chat
if you're like, yeah. And like yeah, it's just like, to me, I think like the government, this is like such a conspiracy theory.
Like I feel like, you know, they want to just put us on this routine. They want us to like systematically think a certain way. They want us to like, you know, the only thing that there's only two parties like where you have to fit in one and you can't be in another, like where you can't have like democratic ideals but also somewhat understand republican ideals. Like you have to be like black or
white.
Like
I hate that. Like I feel like there's so much more to life than black and white. Like there's so much gray area because there's no like defining line, you know, obviously like with certain topics like, yes, it's very black,
the weakening
and
if it's not,
then I don't
know,
I don't want to have kids because I don't want to bring them into a world like this. That's what I know everybody. I'm like, I, I really want to have kids and like I really want to have a family, but like not not when the world is in ruins, not when it's like, you know, when everybody is just out for themselves.
What
mike
then had, well she lives in chile um in south America and she had a baby boy I think in january or january. No, no, no, it was like february, okay, february March, like one like it was like pretty recent and I just, I just feel so bad. I mean like things aren't like super bad there. Um but it's like giving birth and like having to go to a hospital where they're probably treating patients like I don't, that's just so scary
in
north.
concrete.
Uh huh, yep. And it's just like everything needs to be like clean and everything needs to be disinfected and it's just, it's not the same. So I don't know, I'm just, I'm just hoping that like this will like all somewhat be better in like realistically I think like two years like for everything to like improve and like progress in like a positive direction. Um Otherwise I feel like it's more, I don't know, I feel like it's like we're just going to be back to where we are and it's just gonna happen again.
I wrote.
So
he just like nagged to be weld. Um But like no like I completely agree with you because I feel like it's so it's so sad to see like how many people are like, you know they go to work and they like do their best and they excel at their work. But like for a ceo that's never going to know them by their actual name. Like for
somebody
like you're just working to make somebody else's dream happen where you're like we're like if anything were to happen to you, like they would just be like, okay let's just we can hire another person so that is, I just roll my eyes so hard at that. Like I just don't, I don't agree with corporations and like, you know like I feel like even like in the future if I were to like be like really successful or like you know like a gigantically corporation myself, like I feel like I would still maintain the morals that like people are more important. Like I always have learned at least from my parents that like you will always come and go and if it's not yours then it's not yours. But like if you keep on chasing that like you'll just become like the worst version of yourself. So that's just something that I want to like avoid at all costs. It's just too much this world of becoming too much. Like we're just so busy all the time that we just don't even know how to appreciate the little things anymore,
that one I need to, but we're just, we're just like, I feel like we're at a standstill right now, like we're not
I mean it is what it is. I got I've been saying that so much recently, like the it is what it is thing, but I just, I don't see anything like progressing in the next few months to a year. So
it is a long time. But like I'm trying to be like leaning towards like pessimistic and like realistic when I'm looking at this because I feel like if I, you know, I'm too optimistic about it, like I'm just gonna let myself down and I don't want to do that.
But
yeah, that's why like when I like the prolific surveys are like, how do you feel about this? I'm just like um absolutely hopeless because I don't think that like anything is going to get better for a while, but I I still have faith that it will, but I just, I can't see it bettering for a while.
It's, I don't know, but this is like, I will say like it was actually like really refreshing to like again, like I know like I just like I was so apprehensive about joining the video call because I was like, I don't think I'm gonna, you know, like benefit from this. But like it was really nice to talk to somebody that was like I had like a similar like mindset but like also like you brought like, you know, different. It was similar, but you also did like bring like a different perspective into it, which I really appreciate because I feel like, you know like I've been talking about this with my friends and they're just like, you know, they kind of see it the same way that I do and like, you know, they have like their own opinions too. But it's like to like talk to somebody like, you know, completely like different, completely new. It's like really refreshing.
But I'm really, I'm actually really, really happy that like Arizona is nothing like the tri state right now because
Well
for
crazy. I don't know, it's I don't know why we do, I don't know why we do have the things which, but
yeah. Do you have family in Virginia?
Uh Yeah. Yeah. It was it's been handling here in like the middle spring, which makes no sense to me. But
I feel like I like the four seasons. Yeah because then otherwise like it's just the same like season all year around, right? Like in Arizona it's always sunny if it's not like it's raining but more.
Thank you.
did you why did you choose Arizona though?
Room.
That's yeah. That's really important. I think like to venture to like a different area in a different place to like I knew you are but like actually like it's true like I feel like like you know when you put yourself in like an unknown like environment it really like really humbles you in a way because
it
makes. Yeah.
Unfortunately I do have to go. My mom really wants you to help her with garden.
You safe. Okay
thanks.
We were giving me a really wonderful conversation.
Stay
home.