Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. This is a woman. Yeah. Okay. I know. Look at that. Listen. Yeah. Yeah.
How cute.
Oh, we're cutie.
What's
this room?
How cute. Yeah.
Mhm.
Good. How are you? Mhm.
Cool. Now the weather is nice wear.
Cool.
I've been to Jersey like a long, long time ago. Yeah.
Well, I currently live in phoenix Arizona, but I'm originally from Virginia and uh drive up from Virginia to go to N. Y. C. Obviously had Jersey. So yeah, that right,
you know, I'm trying to think of the sea caucus, is it? I'm trying to think.
Yeah. So see caucus. I've been to see caucus. Mhm.
No, it was just like driving through for like just to check out N. Y. C. So yeah.
Chaos.
You know, in phoenix, we're pretty lax some like thanking God. So yeah. So we don't have like tight kind of a thing. So I don't even really see people mass really like I want to target
the other day. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have that. So all we have is like obviously like the restaurants, well even the restaurants are open now. So yeah, the restaurants are open.
And then when I went to target, like the workers were wearing the mask, but that's just about it. Everybody else was chilling. So
that's right.
We
don't have that. Well, we don't, we don't have that. You know, like the workers will wear it. Like I said, like the workers like um, like the people at target and then I guess the grocery stores and the workers and the actual restaurants and stuff but the actual people like if I need to go and pick up like Subway or something like that. Yeah.
And so
so it's Jersey really? Because I haven't really heard much about Jersey. Right? So out here we pretty much obviously when things were going on in Washington State because we're on the pacific side. So we heard about Washington state, right? Um and that's about it and then of course we got the news about N. Y. C. But other than that I haven't really heard anything. So it's Jersey really been effective.
B.
So different
because like yeah because like I have a
friend
that go ahead. Yeah let's go ahead. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. Have you received a lot of hate? Mhm. Yeah.
Your
doctor feeling it already?
Lord.
You know as far as that like is concerned, I mean that is concerning to because I'm half asian. Right? So my mom's japanese,
right? Yes, I'm happy asians in my mom's japanese and so like, you know like your average person is not going to know, but looking right, they're just going to assume, you know, that she's chinese and there's nothing wrong with that. Um But the thing is, is like, that's what concerns me, right. I mean there's differentiate between government and people like we don't know what's going on with chinese government personally, they don't trust, but that's not, I mean the people there they go through their own oppression to right. And so it's like differentiate the government and you just can't tell. And so you don't know if the person from here or the immigrated, they could have been born here second or third generation and stuff. And so that since I find kind of disconcerting and we haven't had that in Arizona thank the Lord. But I mean, but we're different obviously from, I mean like I have a friend that's in massachusetts and like what he's going through, I can't, I can't even imagine like he has to, like, he told me in his building, like if he doesn't wear a mask, like he's automatically like has to get, he's kicked out right then and there and I'm like,
we don't have, yeah, we don't have that here. Like they have to wear masks all the time. Like it's enforced and we don't have that floor.
Yeah. My mom, japanese and you know, and um, I always tell her that, you know, it's just obviously when you go to like the market or whatever, it was some kind of asian, so you're not gonna get anything right, you got like Vietnamese everybody there. But it's just like my concern is like the people who don't know right? And there's like a lot, I mean, you know, that's like a big concern and um yeah, I mean luckily like I said here we don't have that much of an issue really going on. I think for us it's like, you know like the businesses are opening up and also to, we're going into our hot season and so most people will be staying home anyway, so it's not really like affecting us as opposed to like people in michigan, I don't know if it's still snowing, if it's still cold there, but they only have like a window of time to where it's quote unquote good weather, so we don't have that. So each date is different. I'm finding out
It's hot
today
like right now I think it's like 90. I mean you get
up to like, yeah, I can get up to 116. But the good thing is I don't see a good thing, I mean because I used to live in Virginia too, but it doesn't get humid.
Thank
you.
I
don't
miss that.
I
don't miss that. Like
you take a shower and then you go outside and you're
like, I need a shower
again.
Oh my God. So if this weren't happening like what would you what would be your typical day out in Jersey?
I'm sure.
this whole time.
Yeah. Like in Japan, like when I was living there, you would see people like we have cold and whatnot. Because the country, right? Because it's small and it's like highly populated in some areas and so people would automatically where the maths and stuff. So I grew up, I was used to saying that I just think with here is just like so different, right? You have so many different cultures and so many like it varies like even for state and whatnot. So you have all those are the kinds of things to
Yeah. It's like a hard balance, right? Because like, you know here, you know, we have a lot of small businesses, right? So Arizona's it's like it's primarily rural, you have like two major cities and everything else. That's rule writes, I don't know what the rural areas are doing and then you have to donate, which is like tourism and all that. You know what they got going on there. But like for the small businesses here it's like I mean they've been struggling to so it's kind of like how do you like fit that balance? Because like I don't know if we have a seeing requirement here. I don't know what they were doing about that, but like, you know, I don't know what's gonna look like. Like so we have like a small bookstore, right? And so I would go there all the time. But now it's like they really, really need to support. But then I don't know what they're going to do as far as like because it's like a small bookstore and then you have these bookshelves. So I didn't even how you're going to do the distancing because it's like I need to get to the shelf so I don't I don't even know how they're going to do. So you think about it so I don't know if they're rushing, you haven't heard from them, like normally they send out emails and so like one of them like this restaurant, like this bar thing that's across the street, they they've been itching to reopen and so they've been doing like the takeouts and stuff and so but then like if they have that that place is small so I don't even know how they're going to do it because like a restaurant can survive, he had like people coming in so I don't know like how all this is gonna work, you know?
Well I mean it's like there's something, you're right, I mean there's so many unknowns and then like you could do, like you're talking about the phases here and there. But I mean there's like some things like no matter how many phases you're going to do, I don't know, some of these businesses can survive, like you can do a phase like I said, but like how is a restaurant that's so tiny, they're just not gonna survive with six people coming in in. So like how do you work with them on that? Or like I said, the bookstore, I mean I'm gonna have to get to the other side to the shelf. So I mean like you know what I mean? Like are they gonna take 10 people at a time and only someone could go to the shelf and so like those kinds of things, but you're right because it's so unprecedented and there's not really guidelines for that. There's like a straight forward like okay, I'm gonna go like, so for can only have 20 release for a site because it gets crazy in there. But let's give something like, I don't know, like, Well targets different. I mean let's just say like Ann Taylor, right? They can only let 10 people on there. So you go in there and you get your clothes or whatever. But then like, so maybe you can figure out how to do that, but I don't even see how that works either. Like, so like do you wait until the person's gone for 20 minutes, then you go to that section to pick up that sweater so they don't give like Yes, I guess so. I guess it's not really thought out because not each business is totally different.
He said
I was gonna say one, say it's just not
the east Philly of L A. Oh God
san
Fran.
things
have changed.
I mean, yeah, I mean there's just like so many like different facets and just look at and it's just so unprecedented and I feel like you're right, that little, that little, that wasn't even like a drop in the bucket for some people, right? And just, you know, in each state, like if you look at it, like what's going on in Idaho is definitely not going on in Jersey, right. They have like, what, like the state of like was it Montana? Like I used to go this lady who is from Montana and that state is so spread out so what they can do is not what Jersey can do is not what we can do, you know?
Mhm. Well I definitely agree that I have been thinking about this actually was talking to somebody this morning about it, about how we looked at it as like a, it's a dramatic changing of everything, right, this whole structure.
Um because like we can totally see that they're like loopholes and not just loopholes and like I said like what we're, I mean like you said, doing like a universal thing and they were doing that for years and it just does not work, right? I mean like from like the massage therapist was a friend of mine, I mean she works with actual therapy, you know, their clients and stuff and so she's totally been impacted. So her four, the four phases are going to work for her, right? And then so, and so like all these things that they have and then like with unemployment like those, they were talking about how those were written in COBOL which is like some ancient ass language right? Like no one even uses so I mean like those things are totally outdated and so you totally see that and it's it's good like you know like working from home and stuff and so maybe some more businesses they could do that instead. You know I have definitely been on some jobs before. I'm just like I really don't need to be here like I don't need to do this to me,
I don't need to be, you know what I mean?
And
so like that sense like I feel like that could, that could change too so in that sense it's like a painful kind of a thing. But even with that I still feel like, yeah, I I feel like I just don't agree with everything, you know? And I yeah, I think they need to be changes, you know?
After
to be just
peace
out, I'm good, good. Well
I'm glad, you know, I'm glad too because it's like one of those because you just I mean I think it's like the unknown. You don't know, you're going to get you know what you're gonna talk about. So I mean that sense, I mean it's cool, but I mean obviously you can see it's something that they're really concerned about because you know, they've been having topics on that I'm prolific and you know, and obviously, I mean what they haven't like a briefing this morning with Fauci talking about like those vaccinations and all this kind of jazz too.
I
didn't
know
that.
I didn't hear that.
Now I did not hear about that. Did not hear about that at all,
Well
watching
yeah watch like google and it's like totally gone and see.
All
Now have you known anybody to been affected by this virus? Personal?
Oh, I didn't know that,
What,
That's
that's that's crazy.
I got
to be much,
Yeah. It got to be much because like, you know, you know you go on like FB right because I have a lot of groups in there and I'm taking some courses and I go on there and then if you will be talking about it and then um Yeah, so like for some of the classes like I was on a call and so there was this lady who actually did get it and um someone who's like mother had it and then someone who's uncle died from it. Yeah, so like so that's like people you personally know, right? And then you go on I. G. And then people want like do all these like quotes and means and all this shit, you get tired of that. And then like you go check you you know you go on your phone and google news would be like, you know, I don't even have new setting, it would be on them. Like I did not ask for news on my phone,
you know, they don't want to see it and then it would be like, oh and then you turn on something, it just got to be too damn much, you know for me,
Because
someone brought it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Because it got bad with the panic shopping like I don't know how it wasn't. Oh my God, you know what I mean? Like I thought there was gonna be like a bra up and target, you know what I mean? You know I mean? Just like this one like I was like, you don't need to take, it's just you in like a two year old, you do not need like this like this whole isle of oatmeal, right? I mean it was like walking dead in there. I mean people like you got to be too damn much. I'm like, you know what? And then like, you know, you have to, we have to get up early because the whole toilet paper and then I ordered something from Rite Aid thinking it was going to come right away, waited two months later It arrived
through
this.
It is wrong.
That that's wrong. No, because like our cbs like I go to that one regularly and then the lady told me flat out because she was exhausted cause she's drinking because she had all these people like and they're all panicked out and so you know, poor thing. And she was like, you know, we get stocked every two weeks. She was every two weeks. And then, so if they didn't have it, you know, I would just have to wait two weeks. I mean I was good. I mean I went and bought like vitamins or something like that that I needed, but so I was impressed for like toilet paper or anything like that and I, you know, I have like tons of bathroom bodywork shit. That was good. But
you know when she was like, every two weeks I was like, okay. So yeah, I can't deal. So I don't know. I'm just hoping just just praying that that just things were just, you know, we keep it good. You don't have chaos. I can't do any more walking dead scenarios that target can't. It was walking good. Dude was walking good.
What?
wow. Was this
recent?
All
And
Yeah. So hopefully like, you know, I know they're talking about things coming back in the fall. I'm like, Lord, let me just
get this. Uh huh.
Well,
I mean like they're talking about this I have been paying a little bit attention to, right? So you're talking about like um in the fall like things may come back or whatever and I'm just like Lord, so get stocking up on toilet paper I guess. I don't know, cans of green beans or something. I just don't that that warm me up. Like if I were to get sick, I was gonna get sick from stress from from being that target.
No,
that
Oh yeah, introvert here. Yeah. Yeah.
I hear you on that because I'm introvert too. And then so when things became it was it was really nice actually right? Because it was time to, I can decompress. And then like for me like I get overwhelmed if it's too many tax, too many emails and then thinking being, you know what I mean, facebook and all this other kind of jazz and it just became too much and so like it being quiet and it's giving me my mind to relax, my brain to relax and whatnot so I can I can focus and then so that's been helpful to, so it's like I've been really enjoying that just the quiet and just like the slower pace than just just ease and whatnot and so that I've been I've been really relishing been happy about that. Um You
know, I guess like the only thing that's been hard, it's like you know like you get you open up emails and like you know we you know our business is saved and and that's hard to because it's like man, I'm just just come back and I checked my email and I see that of course, you know, you know you feel that too and it's just like, I don't know, I just think I need a vacation. Like I'm not having one already but it's just like I need a vacation.
yeah. Well priorities to priorities and so like I mean I feel like a lot like a lot of people means changed for them, right? Like you know now they're spending more time with their kids and which I think is great, right? I mean like like was it several years ago I did a contract over KPMG like there was a big four for accounting and then they would work crazy hours doing like accounting season. I mean like massive. I mean hundreds of hours a week. I mean
like it was just insane and I'm like I can't see them going back to that now. It's just you know what I mean
like.
But I
don't think that's going to happen though.
True true. But I mean I feel like in that sense that things will change because I just because it's like people, how are you gonna, you know what I mean? Care about like some kind of arbitrary goal and you know what I mean? People, I think that people have to be more flexible, you know what I mean? And and honestly because I've done both worked in the office and at home and I just get more done at home. Mhm.
Are
I think they're gonna be gone? I think there's going to be gone. I mean like I worked at this uh this contract that this company, I really like the company, but like I got flak for like being the first one there and then I was done like once I get on a roll but I'm done and I was like done like way before and then they got mad at me for like when you get mad someone from being productive, when you get mad for someone who like finishes everything. And then I realized it wasn't about the work, it was about some other kind of arbitrary whatever. And I'm just saying that's some bullshit. Like, you know, I come in here, I do the work and I'm done and all that. I don't feel like I need to stay until like three or whatever it was. You know what I mean?
Uh huh.
What?
Right. Not some like just to be doing something just to be. Yeah. I feel like that's changing. I do
I
do think that they can then people going to realize that they can do that home. They don't need to do the two hour commute. Like, you know what I mean? We have like long commutes and stuff here and so I'm like so I feel like in that sense it's really good like I'm telling you like some of these things like majority of them I could have done at home and
some
of them was like politics to like at KPMG was politics, they were like, I don't know if they were punishing the group or whatever, but they lived way out and all their stuff, they literally were there just to print out a sheet of paper that they could have done at home and I'm like, you know what? No, that's some bullshit
pdf's
like we don't have enough.
one
of
the other, yeah.
Yeah it's either or but for majority, yeah, you can have like small business
but yet still
be,
you
know,
something else. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Oh my God. I would have hated to have like a little kid now that'd be horrible. Like all
of a sudden they were playing outside and all of a sudden not I
just
Yeah, it's not like,
I mean it's
joyous obviously because you're bringing you know a new baby but not as it normally would be right,
everyone's all master.
No I don't think we're going back, I don't and
I'm not saying it to like well wish or I just don't I just right I just I mean like it's I just don't because when people are just going to realize like you know what is it worth it? I can do this at home, I can you know you know I know people disagree with me, I mean this is my own personal viewpoint but I know what I got in discussions with people and I'm just like, you know, I have never been to Sweden, so it's easy for me to say actually, I do know the Swedish lady, but I was just like, you know what? Maybe they don't have like these chronic issues or whatever because it's like They have like a lifestyle, right? So they work like, like I study French right? So they work with like 30 hours a week or like, you know Denmark or somebody, they do six hours a day, then that's the rest of the day that they do their hobbies or they spend with family or they get an education or whatever it is. And so I don't see why we can't, you know what I mean? I just feel like we've been way too out of balance and all this and why like people like giving all this energy and everything to a corporation that doesn't give them that back, they don't give him that time
and and all of that, so I just don't, but that's just me
or
doesn't care.
No, I want that that simple life.
it feels like it. Mhm.
a few months is one thing, I don't know about a year though, it's like a long time.
And it's
understandable.
I mean, yeah, I mean there's so much right, there's so many things going on. I mean, at the local level and then obviously state national level, I mean, it's just interesting to see, you know, what happens I mean, like, I mean, I definitely, you know, you know, definitely want the best. It's just uh it's just a lot of unknown and I think that gives rise to a lot of, you know, anxiety, you know, understandably. So right, you know? Mhm.
from Arizona living out all random wild West.
I don't know because it's like because we're like, it's on it, it does its own, I mean we haven't even had our own time zone, right? So it's like, yeah, so I always like, I'll be early or I'll miss or people want to call in their time and it's not the time, you know what I mean? I think I don't know if hawaii does the same thing, but yeah, Arizona doesn't change time zones, right? So I always have to say like Arizona time, so
I have to like, you know, so like I'm on conference calls with people in California, I'm like, okay, so like one time I showed up I was an hour early then I fell asleep in this call another time like east coast and I didn't realize that the time had changed and then it was like went back to three hours and then you know what I mean, that I showed up
two hours and yeah.
Yeah. I don't miss that switching back the clock because I had to do that when I was flying back from Arizona to Virginia and I don't have to do that now
now in the more they moved out because I got tired of snow.
But I do Miss four seasons.
I mean but it's like these because you have like the four seasons and then like you get NyC right there and you go to Philly, then you get A. D. C. S. You have all those kinds of cool things going on too. So there's like always like that kind of trade off. So culturally definitely there's no comparison. You
know what I mean? It's absolutely nothing. Mhm.
You know it's one of those things because like when I was in Virginia like I don't know about Jersey but like with Virginia like and I was like it's mid atlantic right? So we're right there with pennsylvania Maryland. Delaware. So it's mid atlantic. And then you have like south of Virginia still considered south. Like if you're like the D. C. That's like northern right? But everything like first really exiled like that that's still considered south. And so everyone had like When you wanna call legacies like their parents went to like William and Mary Williams was like 20 minutes away or they went to like unc or like you via that kind of a thing. Or they or they ventured out, they went to like, you know, N. Y. U. Or something like that. But I was very rare. So most of people went to like stayed in Virginia. They went to north Carolina or just like kind of aggregated in the south and went to sm you right to the methodist or like somebody went way out to stanford. I chose Arizona. It just it was just something different like because you know, at the time I was like if I stayed in Virginia and I was just going to stay in Virginia rate because
it's like, you know, we have the legacy and then you know, it's just like I wouldn't really grow.
You have to
grow.
you have to grow. I mean like I mean coming out to Arizona was such a huge change from Virginia like from where like in Virginia it's either like I would say not really friendly and it depends on, you know, if you're there or not, but it's more like who, you know, and you know, you don't go out of your way here. People come and talk to, you know, I couldn't get used to. That was like, I don't talk to me. So you have that, you know how to get used to that. And it's like way way back here to like, it's not all like, you know what I mean, dressed up to the nines and stuff, but you know what I mean? So, but it's like, you know, I'm ready for a change too, so I don't know what that brings either. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. I actually need to go to target to pick up some stuff to you. So
you
too.
Thank you. You too. Thank you.
Have a good one.