Hello how are you?
Good dad.
I'm currently I mean like boston massachusetts around. Yeah. How about you
wow. Oh okay. I visit sometimes.
yeah. I mean Quincy. So that's kind of close
close
by car. Not so much like. Yeah. Well how
are you today?
And good. Good. It's really hot. Or like humid here.
What I like to call to definitely.
That's very cold. That's colder than I.
I'll happen.
Hi
that makes sense wow. It's interesting. I was to say maybe like if he works in the office and it's air conditioned he's like used to it.
Why
not?
huh.
that's true. I think it's like just humid too I guess.
Yeah. I don't mind. Bookkeeper humidity is pretty rough. Yeah.
Do not turn on the heat in the winter though or just the A. C. Because we turn on.
I don't know because when I was in college I was on the eighth floor and ninth floor and I was so hot in the winter too
I
that's true. Yeah we do the same we turn on the A. C. Usually at night just to sleep but now we're all working from home so like you know we're trying to figure that out you know?
Why?
Well that you actually look a lot but I like not having a commute because my commute was almost an hour each day. Yeah
they like I used to the company asked him to go back or receipt on its own because we haven't
heard
I hope we don't hear anything actually.
Well
big public transportation.
What?
I'm interesting. Hopefully he uses it or washes his hands together.
I
didn't.
son.
yeah I heard that actually.
It is like, I heard the south is just very different.
Thanks.
particular. Yeah.
Work
that
what
what?
Yeah, I don't think, I feel like other countries that are like looking at us and just like what is going on? Burn.
I noticed I ever banned from most of the world.
but
The same. We definitely, yeah, the doctors definitely need should be like up on the forefront.
Yeah, I don't know. I know there's something going on back there like money flying around or something to Yeah.
Well,
no one very interesting.
All happened so fast. Too
room and have been assistant
and just graduated last year. Thank you. Yeah, so it's been fun. I moved over, I came from like the countryside of Connecticut and then I moved over because I wanted to be in the city and I guess that's about it. But now I'm like locked at home so it doesn't really matter where I'm at.
That's exciting. I want to use a great school.
that's true. I have a younger sister and she's doing it all like basically all hybrid except for like a clinical, she's going to be a teacher. And what was the cost of not having like the room and board and food and knocked it down so much
what?
correct.
No, but I know I want you guys air conditioned dorms. It's a less, Yeah.
Yeah. My university didn't, it was sad.
Yeah. Uh not for like the freshman, the new ones that they're building have air conditioning now, but it's, it's Yukon. So the state school. Yeah.
So that was interesting. Huh? No gap here is probably like the best thing to do now I guess learning, you know, because you can't travel actually.
yeah, you're
Your best and feel true. I know what's going on. It's odd.
Look.
no.
I'm an admin assistant basically.
I do,
yeah, a lot of scheduling and coordinating and stuff. Yeah, it's fun I think.
But
I don't like working, I guess working at home a lot more because it feels more free and as long as your job gets done by like the end of the day is it works out well. But it does, it does, I do feel if bleeding sometimes when I'm like, oh, I'm just gonna like log in and get this thing done because there's not much to do anyways. Yeah.
So yeah, I was thinking, I was actually thinking that I feel like this would cause a lot of companies to have people working at home, but I don't know, I was really surprised that your husband's going back to work in new york,
And Uh huh
That's
true.
interesting. Actually our our president likes the office a lot to her, but he's been staying at home, he's on like the older side, so I think he's made like a little shit, he's really interesting, he's made like a shed outside of his house and he's made that his office, he's so funny.
thank you for being here.
But
Well
that's true. Yeah, I think outside should be fine because I feel like the air is moving outside, it's definitely a lot enclosed atmosphere.
little barrel
and
I mean
that
that that part tough like the workers and stuff so on
the phone.
that's
gosh, they're the most interesting one. I feel like they all are like out of touch, they are taking ever to figure something out. But I just, here, it's like a lot of bickering back and forth and has like, come on.
Yeah, yeah, Okay. Yeah,
I'm
Well
just making sure like we wear a mask, I think that's for it.
Whoa,
mm Oh yeah, I heard about that over on the west coast. It's just unbelievable like that, something like that could happen. I don't know,
afraid
of
wah
wait, is this actually like what's going on in America? It's crazy.
come on.
I don't think they could go, I don't think it would happen in new york. I feel like new york's very like strong about this or
I
don't
it's crazy actually has. I feel like we have to november is going to be important boom. Mhm
Process
It's a
to
know,
no, I thought about that too. Like um it's like the swing states that actually really matter.
Favorite.
Yeah, actually that's that's a good point. I'm wondering, I wonder how last year's, I don't quite remember not last year, the last times election went. I thought it was, I think I remember it being pretty close actually to
trump
and Hillary. Yeah.
So most like that. Okay. And Uh huh,
Sounds
well,
Oh, that's good.
that's
funny. No, that's not. Yeah. Uh huh
fingers are crossed, that good things happen and just like it does is up for a lot of the, I guess the workers more on the bottom. It's like there's stuff like either your health or like a paycheck. Mm.
Mhm.
especially health while sometime american number one with the cases, which is insane.
So yeah. Uh huh. Right.
jimmy.
Do we have wifi? Oh no, Jamie, do we have wifi?
There we go. I think I lost by five for a second.
Oh no, can
you hear
me?
Yes, I can hear you. Yes,
I think
we're
good.
Okay.
All right. Uh huh. I think I did. Maybe for a second, everyone's home, probably that's why I think it's good now. Okay.
Yeah.
Perfect.
And
wah
I guess the most important
thing is just to get out there and vote, or like definitely millet in the balance and everything.
Yeah.
What?
That's really good actually. My parents usually they don't vote, but I was like, no, you can play need to this year,
like, yeah, I think you don't even have to go, you can just like mail it and please. Uh huh.
There in Connecticut.
Yeah, So, I mean it's always blue, but uh
is
that near new york? I'm
so I'm a mystic.
all
I'm wondering because I'm by Rhode island, I'm 40 more my house was
well,
yeah, maybe they're up north maybe because I definitely, I don't know the Northern States as well, for sure.
Well,
yeah. I mean there's not a lot of like the state or the city's, I don't remember them because there's just not much in them to remember. Unless it's like a big city. Yeah.
Well
Oh
really?
Okay.
It's so it's an apartment here.
Um So it's like shared, like a short kitchen. So there's just two families, lots of
kids.
Yeah. I guess because the virus today, we've all just been like now.
Oh, that's
nice. There's definitely a lot more family time now, which I like.
saying a lot of videos, video chatting
next
and
happened. Mhm. That was my mom and then she had she had to be forced to figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. We'll
be calling to her.
She can't call us. Yeah. She doesn't know how to call it.
Well,
it's true.
Good.
definitely states many injured,
you know?
Well,
care