Yeah. Yeah. Oh fuck you. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Mm hmm. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. No. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Hi.
Good. How are you?
Um Where where are you?
Um Queens new york.
Yeah. I have family in um in Brooklyn. They live in Brooklyn. My brother and his wife. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't I don't like I don't know anything about busting
at all. Really?
I'm
good. So I don't know it's kind of weird. It's like I don't know why I'm feeling awkward at the moment but um I'm good. How are you?
Yeah, same here. I just my husband's on the way home from work so I finally put the A. C. On so that he won't you know complain when he gets um He likes it. He really he likes it cold. It was like been together 32 years and so like I like it warm. He likes it cold you know?
Yeah. I froze to death like our first winter together. He ran the A. C. O. All winter long. And then I was like no
it was really cold. Well he's from Tulsa and so he grew up with it like hot all the time in Oklahoma and
and I grew up grew up in northern new york like right up on the Canadian border. So I was cold all the time. So
it makes sense
Yeah. No he's been like that as long as I known him. It's just
you know
after the first year together I'm like okay you know we need to dial back to A. C. In the winter time. But but right
now it's it's like beastly. We've had such a bad run of heat. Perfect.
the humidity is really bad.
Yeah. Absolutely.
Well we I'm in uh we're in a an apartment building where we're on the fifth floor and for some reason, even if we turn the radiators off and it's still just boiling hot in the in the winter, which is fine. You know what? I would rather open a window than be like freezing to death. So.
Yeah. Yeah. We have to have the windows open in the winter, but not the A. C. Because you know I mean because that would be crazy and
also it's it's too expensive. I don't want to spend that much on electricity.
Yeah. My husband was working from home for months or electric bill went way up. He just started going back to the office like about two weeks ago. So yeah. So he was he was home every day and we're cranking Nisi. But um I wish she was still here. Like I don't, I get nervous about him going out to work, but he, you know, he prefers being in the office. He actually works less
because when he was working from home it was like constant from the time that he got up in the morning until he went to bed, there was like no line of demarcation between work and relaxing, so. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. That sucks. Right?
No, we
could.
Well his his company, like the president of his company never, he he went to the office like straight through, he never stopped, but he did have everybody else go home and now people, some people have come back and some people just like refuse to come back into the office if they have underlying conditions and stuff, but they've put up like plexiglass on the front of the desks and stuff like that. And
um, so they're trying to be careful, but you know, people who have any sort of underlying condition or just like forget it. And luckily the guy that my husband works for it is a nice guy. So he's not like saying like, look, come back or you're fired, you know? But
yeah, he takes the subway. Yeah. I mean they're, they're shutting it down every night. It's kind of like they do in in the UK where they shut down the underground and like clean, clean it at night. They're
doing the same thing on the subway. But it seems like the most important thing is really just, you know, wearing the mask and social distancing. So, and you know, he carries, I don't know if he uses the, you know, hand sanitizer or if he, you know, just carries it because I asked him to. But
so we watched him constantly. But yeah, I was just reading an article um in atlantic magazine that was talking about how really the masks and the social distancing are the most important thing that it's
not as
much from surfaces as it is just people being. And you would think here like we live only a couple of miles from Elmer's Hospital where you know, it was kind of like the peak of everything here and people are walking around without masks son and I just can't, I just don't understand it. They
really think we're not going to happen again or I'm worried that it was like fake. I I don't know, it's just
it's so weird.
Oh my God. Yes, yes. My sister lives in north Carolina and they like went out of town because it's been so bad there in terms of just, you know, it's even happened here where this woman at the bagel place we go to like spat on this person because she was like, look, you're supposed to wear masks
when you're inside the store and she likes bat on them. It's like
I just don't understand, I don't understand it. And then, you know, you have like nobody likes dr Fauci but they like that, you know, they like someone who thinks thinks people are impregnated with demon
sperm. I mean God,
it's like we're living in just
such a bizarre
time.
I think they are. I think it's going to be a while before they're cool with, you know, people traveling from here, which which is really too bad. But
Yeah. Yeah. Well, um hopefully we're going to be able to get him out. I mean, I don't know where you stand with trump but if
hopefully after january will like be able to get a hold on some of this stuff and start listening to experts again.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like there's some sort of anti science thing like I don't
I think there is that, I think that like, like with politicians, a lot of it's about money and uh and stuff like that. But for regular people, I think it's just it's just become like this political thing, everybody's dug in, you know? Like if you were supporting trump up until this point like you're kind of like you're in, you know, what are you gonna do now? Say
wow, okay. Now he's now he's bad, like, you know, being pro Nazi, all this is that was that was all okay, but like now he's gone too far, you know? Yeah.
award.
Yeah. Yeah. So so what do you, what do you do, are you a student or
maybe,
Yeah. My niece just um um graduated from N. Y. U. And she had to do it by zoom. So she was like really bummed. But you know, I mean we're all going through stuff right now like. Uh
Yeah, yeah she was yeah, she's she's pretty cool and she's she's actually up in Brooklyn now I think. But I I don't know what she's gonna do in terms of school or she's going to like, I mean it would be a great time to take a gap year since nobody is doing in person schooling anyway at this point.
That's that's great. I mean, you
know, if there's something positive you can get out of it. That's that's a that's a really good thing because it's so expensive. My
niece was spending some I mean my brother was spending a lot of you know money for her to like live and and the dorms were even more expensive than just like getting an apartment share.
that's her.
They didn't have any.
cool.
Yeah that's true. That's true. It's it's just everything is so different now
and if we just got to the point where we could actually listen to somebody and trust them and be like okay so this is going to happen go on for another year alright or a year and a half. All right like just being able to I don't know trust someone to tell the truth about it you know?
Yeah. Yeah. But so
so what do you do? I'm sorry you said I heard you say were insistent but it cut out for a second so I think I missed part of
what you're saying
I'll
admit
that's
good.
but
yeah well I mean I think some of it is because you know the you know we flatten the curve or whatever and it's it's there's still it's not like the trains are packed yet and everything.
But uh and I know he likes to be there in the office and you know he's he's only been at the job there for like a year so he wants to like make sure that you know he's there if the president of company needs him and stuff and
and
he really likes he likes going to the office so I mean I couldn't have like have them from doing it if I wanted to.
That's really cute. Yeah my husband's he's 64 he's got um type two diabetes so we would just want to be like as as careful as possible
and um are 20. We've been together 32 years but our 25th anniversary is on thursday our wedding anniversary and
he really bummed out because we can't do anything but so we found a restaurant where we can sit outside so we'll go. I didn't even want to do that really. I
wanted to stay home but you know feels like we should do something. I mean it's not like you have to do something on that day. I mean we could go do something a year from now, go on a trip or something like that.
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah if you've got to do something outside is better and I think I don't think that the interior restaurants is open yet here so I don't think I don't think we even can do that at this point. I know that there were bars were open and
some of them got shut back down because
cuomo found out they were you know packing people in and um so I I don't I don't
know I didn't see that there was any place that you could actually go
um where you could eat into. I mean I don't want to go inside a restaurant at this point you know also it's not that's not good for the people who work there. I mean they have to be there um But
they didn't
sign up for you know putting their lives on the line too, you know make minimum wage and then have like mitch McConnell talk about how people are just trying to get $600 so they don't have to work and they're lazy and stuff you know I mean that is so out of touch with and if people had a living wage then they you know $600 would not like be better than what they could possibly make any place
else probably.
Yeah. Yeah. It's rough
my thing is that I am I make protest signs and t shirts
and stickers and stuff like that and I started doing it a couple of years ago and I go to a lot of or I was going to a lot of protests and stuff and I met a lot of really cool people and um I really I missed that because I
haven't done it since March. Um And I mean we would go to D. C. I would you know I had it. Yeah so it's so weird to kind of be stuck at home and it's nice to you know like get to talk to people or customers or whatever and you know like God can you believe this stuff is happening and um I I really want to be able to get back out and do it, I don't want to make my husband sick. Um But it doesn't seem like there's been any spike from like the Black Lives Matter protests and stuff, it doesn't seem like there's been a spike because they're outside. Uh
Right. Yeah and also I mean now it's like so much scarier to do it, like when you could have like trump was saying he was going to send federal troops to new york and we were like
you don't want to do that, you don't want to do that in new york. But yeah it's a lot scarier to protest than it was like a couple of years ago.
Yeah, it feels like it's not
the
US anymore,
you know?
Yeah somebody uh this woman who was a protester in New new york got stopped and thrown into like an unmarked van by these cops that were like not there insignia weren't on and stuff and people were freaking out about it, but you know like you're getting thrown in many event, you don't know what
they're doing. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah I mean that was happening all the time in Portland and even in Seattle but here I don't know it's going to be super weird if that stuff starts happening here.
I hope so. Um because it had gotten to the point where like when I was protesting in new york and like january where the police were starting to get like a little physical or not helping us when when counter protesters were attacking us and stuff. And my friend who's like she's not even five ft tall, this woman was saying I have a gun, I'm going to shoot you and with police officers and they were like well you didn't see the gun so you know we're not gonna do anything. It was just it was starting to get scary because you know you
have
like when you have the people at the top saying hey look, do what you gotta do, I'll pardon you or make sure you don't spend a day in jail blah blah blah blah blah. Like that starts to work on people bullshit. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean even now with the post office with stuff being slowed down with the post office where you know I
I got to put in for our mail in ballots, Like apply for our mail in ballots like really soon because
we're in new york, so it's like new york is going to go for biden. I mean it's you know, it's not like it's a popular vote thing, but I still want,
you know,
I want my vote to be like counted with everyone else's. Yeah
right. But you know every every vote is going to count in terms of being able to have to try to have a win that is so big that you know, they can't say oh well,
you know it was rigged,
what do you mean? Um
trump?
Um She got three million more votes than he did, but he won in the Electoral College, so but Yeah.
Yeah. Last time, I mean I don't know, I I just I feel like this is we're at this sort of crossroads where I was never political before, I was not into it, I didn't do anything and then he got elected and I was like oh my God like I understand its appeal to like people who are just upset or feel like they you know, all politicians are full of crap and all that. Um I get I get the appeal but now it's like
we're in a situation
where I mean people were dying you know? Uh Yeah so so that's why I started I don't know, I started getting into it and protesting and
people in new york have really good signs. So that's why I started making that's why I started making signs and people liked it. So I just started you know, telling
them.
True.
Yeah.
It's there's like no easy answer for it. I mean, even if we had someone like even if we had Hillary or anybody else as president, it would still be terrible. It would still be bad what we were going through and they'd still be making tons of mistakes. But I just feel like it wouldn't have gotten to this level, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. And still trying to take away affordable care act with nothing to replace it with. It's like it's not the right time to try to take away people's insurance.
Oh, thank you froze up. Mhm mm. I can hear the birds where
you are. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh no, I'm
Yeah, I can still hear you.
Can
you hear
me?
I
can
hear
you okay, cool. Alright, good. All right. Yeah.
Did you lose your wifi?
All right, cool.
Yeah, because I think
I I think you came on like a couple minutes after four so
I think we still have like a couple minutes left there. You are
all right. You know? Yeah.
No.
Yeah, for sure. And I was read somebody was I don't know who it was was talking about how even if you send in your ballot, you can like go on the line, go and go and give people water. Or if somebody is like waiting online forever. You can like spell them and wait on line for them while they go to go to the bathroom and stuff like that. Like to try to help out people who have who have to stand online because there's going to be such long lines. Um
And I think that's cool. That's a that's a good idea. Something
to do or to take the mail or to take the mail in ballot and drop it off at the polling place so that you know, for sure that it got there. There's that too.
This
Um Do your parents live in massachusetts too?
Are there in Connecticut?
We have friends in Wilton I think. I think that's south Southern Connecticut. It's like around
Norfolk.
It's like
like an hour and a half to drive it. It's yeah, it's it's like you get towards Mystic and then go a little bit north like where Norfolk is or said Norfolk thinking the wrong city. I don't know, they're
kind of in in the countryside bit what
you know? Uh huh. It's pretty, I mean Connecticut
is very it's pretty state.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm not I'm
not great at geography. I I only know like wherever I've been, I'm just like not good at figuring out where things are,
Like you only kind of know where you you know where you live or where you drive through, you know? That's basically
it. Yeah.
Mhm.
Thank you. Yeah.
How many people are you do you live with?
That's good.
that's
good. That's it.
yeah. Yeah. It's weird kind of all being together all the time order. I mean my mother, my mother and stepfather live only like six blocks from us. So we walk over there and talk to them outside on the sidewalk. Okay. Mhm.
What?
Yeah. I mean we just can't we can't like hug or anything. It's kind of weird. But you know, I mean the worst thing would be to like make somebody's sick like you know like if I'm if we made my mother sick, I would never forgive myself, you know? So, but it's nice to be able to see her. We just like distance, so.
Yeah, that's good. My mother is like not good at video at all. So we have actually, it's good
that we can just like physically walk over there and and like visit with her
because she can't figure out how to do video. She's like not comfortable with it at all. What?
that's good.
Good.
I think if we, I think once we, once we get like through this like, well, like sit her down and show her how to how to do this stuff so that we can call her. But, but then of course
we'll be able to just go see her. So, okay.
Anyway. I guess I think we're I think
I think we've done enough time and it's nice talking to you and and I hope you have a good rest of the summer.
You too.
Thank you. Thank
you. I will. Okay.