I can understand what meditation
what rich.
Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Can you hear me better? I didn't have my my mic on.
Yeah, I can hear you pretty good.
Uh awesome, awesome awesome. All right. So
I guess we uh we gotta be on here for what? 25 minutes I
think.
huh.
Okay. Yeah, this is like my 616
successful one. Yeah.
Yeah, I've had I've had maybe three people. Not sure. But yeah, it's been pretty pretty nice way to make a little extra change.
Right? Okay. So I've been I've been using prolific for, I don't know, 56 months maybe longer. So they've been going on. Uh I've been using it that long maybe. So yeah, most of the time, I mean they've been going on for as long as I've been using it. Uh You know, you can um well, you know that after you get through with this one, you can sign up for the next one so I just I just perpetually keep signing up for and it works out, yep yep.
All
Yeah it'll be fun. Yeah this is your first one ever like talking somebody. Okay. Yeah. Yeah so I usually like to tell people my name just you know you don't have to tell me your name because so well I asked somebody to their name and they told me the name was Cricket and I was like yeah okay I got you you don't want to share but I'm brian so uh
all
to meet you
pam.
Yeah you know so okay so what we're gonna talk about pam what you want to talk about?
I'm from michigan. I live in Warren Michigan, excuse me. I've been I've been online working all day and I'm and I got a little sleepy.
So yeah I'm from warren Michigan. Been in warren for what, six years I think. 67 years been married for 25 years. I am a full time internet worker. Uh Yeah so I call myself a gpt micro tests focus group worker.
Yeah. Yeah and I'm doing uh I'm learning uh some internet marketing promoting products with online classified ads. I'm going to actually be doing that after I get off with you. And I actually do have a full time job uh from home. But because of Covid 19 they pretty much a rap. You know they kept us on but our client bases almost completely wiped out. So I've had to do this. And uh it's been working out, you know I mean I put in a lot of hours but I've had to so that's kind of my story
honestly. Um I'm putting in 10, 12 hours a day if not longer, but the wonderful thing about it. You said pam. Right? Yeah. I want to think about it, pam. Is that i it's flexible hours, right? You know, because I'm not even on my traditional jump, I'm not punching a, you know, the clock, so to speak. I just get up, I log in put in my hours, whatever they can pretty much forward to pay me for that day. Just a nice company trying to keep me out on the rest of the time. I'm online working these sites, learning internet marketing. But I, but I did this years ago. So when the pandemic with Covid 19 hit, I was not prepared. You know what I mean? But somewhat prepared. Yeah,
Bryant. No, it's okay
Yeah. It doesn't, you know, I'm the same way I I run into people. They say hey, I'm like hey and I don't know who they are, you know? But I just because you just told me so I was almost going to call you kim so to tell you, yeah,
So
do
you
All
Okay. Okay. Are you a student? You look like a student?
mean you look young enough to be a student.
Cool.
What?
wow. So
that
that
sounds kind of cool.
huh.
Yeah. It sounds interesting. So so you do that full time sort of, you know
like
All
right. All right, so you just do this for like a little extra cash fun or?
Really
now right now
Yeah
How's
that
how's
that working out? I was
curious
about that.
I had I had android.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay. So I can't do that. Yeah. Well you might uh you might like, well I mean you're so so you one of those people that can do all those flips and stuff? The yeah.
Right. Right.
Right.
Right. Right. No that's that's fascinating to me. Well you know what you might like um internet marketing? Have you ever gotten into that? Because now you sound like you and the Gpt sights a little bit like kind of doing what I'm doing well. Well I do um and I share this with people just to help out just I just like helping people and somebody help me. So with the sites
and everything that I I use I make maybe just on the side I probably make between 406 100 a month. Just doing yeah,
yeah just doing that. But I have multiple sites and I have you know, I have a strategic uh times when I do things. I do a lot of um Ceo with with online
classified ads. But if you're ever interested just do some research on internet marketing. Uh You know it is I mean
you're making a little money now, but I'm telling you it is, I have my daughter doing it and she uh she lied that and then she, she called me the other day, she said, wow, I got uh, she had a Youtube channel, she said she has uh, she had one video, she says she's got 900 something views and 50 50 subscribers, which is, you know, she's young. Well like you, I mean she's a little younger than you and the young people, y'all can kill it and she says she's already starting to make money and I'm trying to shore teller. You can make 5, 10 grand a month. But
yeah, but you got to put the time in and uh, it's pretty cool. I
wish I had done it sooner actually.
I
use, I use, I use GPT sites, you know, like this prolific. I use cue me uh, yeah,
I just, I actually gonna gonna cash out and kill me today. I use, oh my God, I use slag bucks that I use a prize rebel or whatever you super pay me. I use I'm kind of gone. I use inbox dollars. I'm
actually
my points
swag but it goes on and on why since blah blah blah blah. Uh like wrapping a lot happened only pays once a month, what happened is more actually doing, you know work so and that that goes more into the micro tasks sites like click worker. I'm a big, I'm a big fan of PICO workers. Uh So I cash out there but how how so that that's where I make the five between 4 to 600 a month working those sites but where I make the majority of my money is doing SCL by using online classified ads and promoting click bank products. And
so
that yeah check it out when you get this time, when it's just like, it sounds uh, see why I can't spell cli ck bank and
click
click
bank.
And click, it's uh, it's a digital, it's the largest digital affiliate website uh, vendor on the planet, when the United States and they have all these great digital products, uh, tutorials, you know, online education is a big thing now and uh, you can learn how to now in Internet marketing is not rocket science, but it takes time. You know, it's not easy, but once you start doing it, you know, you build yourself a landing page, collect email addresses, learn how to draw traffic. You know, you get your cell 5, 600 subscribers that trust you gymnastic. I mean, you're in a urine to very, very interesting niches, that I would just be beautiful. I mean, you know, everybody want to be a star being on tv being, that you're you're into, that you're in the gymnastics, I mean, wow, So if you created to niche channels or however you did it and started creating content. Oh my God, you you you make you make some serious money. Yeah, yeah, you
make some serious money and uh you know, I have friends who have left the job, uh you know, I want to quit my job and not because it's not a good job. Well, uh you
know, it won't pay the bills, but after covid that they're done, they're pretty much so, yeah, I'll check it out, kim, kim
pam, pam.
Alright, I'm gonna write it down, I'm gonna write it down.
All
Uh Well, both, but I was affected, Yeah,
actually, yeah, I I was on my job because I actually think, when did they mark? When did they announce it? Like, March? Uh
Hello.
yeah. And so I started getting symptoms. Uh I I believe as far back as uh november, uh because
I was
working
a job in the strength and the thing, I thank God, I'm not dead, I have asthma. So that would uh that, you know, pre existing condition that could have taken me out. And so I was walking around and having all these symptoms. And because when I couldn't breathe, I didn't know if it was the asthma or the covid, but I had all these symptoms. And finally, I had an appointment by phone with my doctor and he said, oh, it sounds like you had it. And not one thing that I that I did do, that worked out really good for me because I did, I was worried about my wife catching it, right, because I didn't want her to get sick. But one thing that I did, because I, you know, I do work online and my job allowed me to work from home. I
started self distancing before, just by nature, you know what I mean? Because of what I do. So all this time passed by and I and I just went through it. I'm sure I had it and my doctor said he believed that I had it. So yeah,
it
was
miserable.
Oh my God. No, it's it's fluids, body aches. Uh it affects everybody different. You're tired, it's all mucous. You don't have no energy, you can't keep nothing on your stomach. It does other strange things in the restroom. I'll just leave it like that. I really thought I was out of here. I really did. And uh I wouldn't worship, I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy And even now I still, you know, like I get a little queasy in my stomach and think, but I'm good now. But no, it's, it's serious. It's very serious.
Where
are you
from? Matter of fact.
No, you don't have an accent at all,
but
What?
Okay.
You're
kind
of into that you said because you, you talk very well, you talk
like
you could be a newscast or something.
I mean until you start drinking, you know, according to it.
Bring
Right.
I
see what you said.
No, I understand. Yeah.
That that's why I chose I. T years ago when I before because I got into sales, but I chose I? T. Because you know even, well I don't know I got a little age on you back then it was more a shirt and tie and then it turned casual and I really loved that. And then before I started coming home you know you could you could you could almost show up to work in a T shirt. Not really. But I mean it was that casual and I love that so I can relate. Yeah I don't I don't like having to uh you know what I mean? Like shirt and tights. It's confining to me it's like I can't breathe I just I don't like it. So but the internet marketing thing pam. You might you yeah you
might.
Okay. Something just popped up on my screen. Excuse me. Okay.
You see me not? Yeah. No. No it's not. So internet marketing is not like sales. It is but it's not so you're not so like the majority of this stuff when I make my money they don't even see me, they don't even know that I exist. So I create create a create an ad classified at, I'm talking about free learning S. E. O. I sent him to a landing page. I take one thing back. I do create a video but they never see my face. It's just I'm talking about that. And then I say click on this link to go to the free training. It's not my free training. Somebody else's. They click they buy I get paid and yeah and there's so many ways to do it. There's so many ways to do. You have some people who are aggressive and they sell you have some people you never see their face. You have some people that make music channels and all all you hear is the music, you never see their face. It's just so many ways to do it. And with you being in broadcasting and every, you know, everybody's online and I don't think I don't think that's gonna change. I think that's gonna increase especially since Covid 19 and I personally think we're going into a depression. That's just me. I hope not. But just based on market trends I've been following. I think we're going into a depression but internet companies have always done well. Uh tv well you know that better than me broadcasting, they tend to do well. So yeah, you might be set up for, you know, sounds like a good way to go to me.
Well
I use Reddit to get leads or yeah, I'm one of those pushing people that come on Reddit and you know, act like I'm interested in the conversation and then I start pushing products. I am interested in the conversation, but I put, but I talk about it and say, hey, have you ever tried this and I'll send them a link. Yeah. Yeah.
Use
Reddit
No, Never heard of the scout
only.
I'm writing this down. Go ahead. I hear you.
Honey.
But
You don't quite All right.
Okay.
No,
Okay. Okay. Do you have, I'll help you out even more. Are you an affiliate?
Well, you don't know you ever heard. Okay. So I talked about affiliate marketing. See if they have an affiliate program and see if if they had affiliate program and if you had sent me the link, I would sign up under you and you would get extra money. You
like, Oh,
Thank you for telling me about it though. But they might.
So it's, it's like, it sounds D. S. C. O. U. T. Okay.
Let
me see it. I can see it.
I appreciate it.
I appreciate it. And now this is an app, right? There's no
way
I
have
Okay. But I can get it on android. Okay.
cool. Cool. Okay.
All right. Well, I will join
us.
So,
so
you, have you, have you catched out yet through your Paypal or no? You're still waiting on them to pay.
No,
I'm gonna check it out. And as a matter of fact, now that you mention it, I think I have heard of that. Matter of fact, I'm pretty sure. So yeah, after we get through, I'm gonna because I do this all day, you know, other than spend time with my wife and she would get mad at me and make me get off the computer. But I'm definitely going to give it a shot so I, I appreciate it.
All right, well, I think we, wow, this is a really cool conversation because I think we went past 24 25
minutes easily.
no,
it's
ok.
No,
no, no, no,
no.
somebody like this.
Well, you're welcome. You're welcome. Yeah, this is this is what I part of what I do for a living. So I have to be nice and my wife will get mad at me, so I have to I have to make sure people comfortable. But it was nice talking to you pam. I'm
gonna I'm
gonna check out uh D scout and I hope you check out something that I I tell you about. Good good luck in your career and the gymnastics and the T. V. Or whatever you do.
All right. All right. Thank you. All right.
All right. You too. Bye. Bye.