and
hi
Yeah, sounds great, can hear me okay
so
sorry
25
minutes yet, what time is it? Okay so like 1 25 basically we shall be done. Okay this is my uh oh goodness, so you should put them on time. Um This is my fourth time trying this study. Uh Yeah my second my first two times no one showed up um and then the last time I honestly forgot that time uh
so yeah this is the first time it actually worked
well
how?
right yeah, I'm just hoping to do a couple more, How long have they been going on for?
that's actually really cool because um I've only been on prolific for, right? Not that long, it's been since about just like july 18th maybe, so I'm coming up on at lunch so I just like found out about them and this has been my first a study that's been
like you know, talking to someone or like anything live so that's always fun.
brian, nice
to meet you. I'm
pam. I
don't care about sharing my name. Yeah.
Well I guess it depends on, do you wanna get like I don't know personal. It's like you know where you're from or anything or? Okay.
No, I understand.
wow. All right, I'm mouthful.
Well what what kind of hours are you working?
That makes sense. Could you, I'm sorry. Could you tell me your name one more time? I'm
brian. Okay. I don't know. I am not the greatest. I'm a face person. If you popped up randomly in three months I'll be like oh yeah I talked to that guy but for some reason. Oh I didn't know it. Did that. Okay.
I get called
that a lot actually.
That's
what people get
like any three letter names, people won't usually throw that in there, so I've heard it all.
Um I'm not a student, not anymore anyway. Um I'm 20
I mean, I mean technically I'm 26 so I mean I technically could be in school. Um I graduated when I was 21. Um I have a degree in mass communication with a concentration in broadcast production. Um
what basically
is like film, radio, television. Um So I currently work in a television station um as a technical director. Mhm. So that's what I was doing this morning, I worked the early morning shift, so I get to work at 3:30 a.m. Yeah,
that's
the big
change,
it's really
for a job, news behind the scenes is uh really interesting. Um It can get like with all the covid stuff, obviously everything has been kind of crazy for us and not only reporting on it, but also, you know, changing all of our practices. You know, it takes pretty much a full room, a full crew to put together a newscast. So we've had people working from home and having to just get our engineering team to figure out, you know, what can we put in here, which Boris can go there and just really adding everything up. So uh it's certainly been interesting for sure.
I
do it full time. I just got promoted to full time actually. I was part time as a production assistant, which basically is like running cameras doing audio and doing graphics. So that's what I started out on. Um I'd already been a director before and my other jobs, so I just kind of, and I like to be applied at the same place for a director job um and happened to not get it. Um Someone else got it over moves to two of us, she got it, but like a couple months later I ended up applying again and got that position and worked under her and well things didn't end up working out with her and I've been training and like so I already had the experience, so when she left I kind of just slipped right on up into her spot, so yes, it's good, it's my first full time job with benefits and all that stuff,
so
pretty much I've always, I was like just making money without having to really do too much. I had two jobs at one point, but it was a lot of extra like physical and mental stress for the amount of hours I was working for, the amount of money. Um I like to do it, I was a gymnastics teacher because I'm a former gymnast and yeah, it's a big, it's a big passion of mine and it was super fun, but just the hours and having to like lesson plan and physically, you know, spot and live Children on top of me already going to work. Um I guess I kinda a little burnt out on it, and also I wanted to use my degree as well, I felt like I wasn't really using my degree, so yeah, I dropped that and I kind of missed the extra little paycheck, so I am, I've been playing trivia for money for a long time, I play HQ trivia and all sorts of the other um there was a big year like 2017 2018, and a little bit 2019 live trivia on your phone was a really big thing, so you would join, yeah,
you would have live host and you would join and it becomes depend on what the game was. But um basically there's 12 questions. Um you can have an extra life, there's three answer choices, you have 10 seconds to answer and if you get all the way through then you split. Um I cast prize as of right now, the cast prize is $5000. Um
As of right now. Yeah, so every every single night, so every single night I played for $5000. But this specific app, it's so popular, I mean, there's like probably 70,000 people playing. Um So by the end, I mean, depending on how hard the questions get, I mean, as of now it's really gone down. I would say the average is maybe like a dollar or two, but that's every day now. Before they were doing like sponsors, like Nike, they've had kevin Hart on the show, they've had the Rock on the show, they used to be like $300,000 prizes for the same 12 questions and then the payouts, I mean there's been, I've personally only one, like $100 at one specific time um technically 500 but there were some issues and I got kicked out for no reason and I was kind of really mad about that, but um like
a lot of my friends have $1000 on a single game. There was even one that was like $25,000. It was a um it's been crazy. So I that's what I figured out my love of making money by, you know, not having to really put too much in, it was actually fun. Um and I've been doing google opinion awards for a while and getting
a little path
from
there.
It's
good.
Do you have an iphone or android?
And android? Yeah, so it's good for the android. Um I haven't had to pay for any apps or anything like that and I probably had it for four years. I've made about $170 off of it or so. Um
but so it's, it's nice to to use it to buy movies and games and get the upside of games and stuff, but if you have an iphone, apparently they actually let you cash out that money. So that kind of sucks
on that part. Yeah, I would have loved to just actually cash out the money to your paypal, but uh android doesn't do that since we do have the play store. So.
I mean, I can do quite a bit, probably more than what someone would think, but you know, if you're thinking to super high simone biles, olympic levels, obviously not. Yeah,
but um
I trained when you go to, when you start like training for the olympic level, um you're technically a level 10 gymnast um and you don't want to go from there when I retired um which was, it was my senior year, so maybe like 2011 or 12. Um I was a little seven, so I was you know, kind of up there, but obviously not the eyes in any sort of capacity, so,
That,
Yeah.
No,
I
my gosh,
so
right, that's what I said with prolific in general, but yeah, I wish I kind of jumped on this boat a lot faster because I do, I really like the difference online kind of ways of making money. So do you use like apps or is it like website to go to
or?
that.
How are
you?
What?
click
bank.
I know
I'm going to take the screen but I just need a type of thing click thing Okay, because
I
don't remember. Okay. Yeah,
Yeah.
Well,
No
merit in there and I I already have your name up in like my little tab over here so I wouldn't forget. So I mean
No, it's fine. You know I just I I know how my memory is so I definitely
understand so about all the covid stuff. I mean has anyone like either that you know have been affected or is it more just like like the conditions were having to live in that's been like the worst?
wow.
it was around
Marsa that was really starting to get traction obviously it had been around but yeah.
I've
heard
of that.
I
So was it, so would
you
explain
it? Yeah he would you explain it like just the flu or would you?
Well we're definitely taking it serious. Um I
don't know,
I
don't think I mentioned where I live. Um I'm from Alabama, I'm born and raised in Alabama. I probably don't have the accent, I get told it all the time.
so it can come
up if I drink a little bit sometimes but other than that I think I don't know I've always wanted to work in the news and I've been and we're not in the news, but just um just kind of end this like media world and even in elementary school,
you know, we had little, you know, school morning shows that we put on. So elementary school, middle and high school, I was always, oh I was in front of the camera, elementary and middle school and high school I related discover that I really like being behind the camera. Um and
I associated with like the weird way that reporters, like all reporters talk when they're on tv and they have like a certain way they say things I attribute to that I guess. Um
I wonder,
but
thank
you.
Well, kind of, I mean uh
it definitely comes up and and we have some pretty, we have some decently Southern ones, but they all know how to like really reel it in and I don't know,
it be interesting to be a reporter
but also I'm not even close to like being polished enough to be on camera like that. Like they are looking flawless all the time. There's always done. And I just it just seems so extra to me honestly. I just don't like I can go to work on like yoga pants and a T
shirt, you know?
So yeah, I don't like having to be so just like ready for the public to see me in any sort of way you know or by act up if someone's gonna you know say something about it so
you know.
See
the word marketing has always scared me because I can talk about stuff I know stuff that I love, you know stuff like that but in general is trying to push something like a salesperson or just trying to really like market something. I've I never thought that that would be something I could do. We have a marketing team at the station obviously and I work closely with them and I see what they do and I see their push for stuff and all the deals that they make but it's always just sounded so I want to like a above me but it seems like like a big girl job but I feel like I wouldn't be like I feel like I should be like have more connections to really do it or something but I don't know
everyone.
Okay I'll definitely have to, I got these types open with my little keywords in so I'll definitely have to check it out afterwards. Um So like have you ever
heard of, Well I'm sure you heard of it but do you use Reddit or anything?
I
mean,
hey, that's because I use it um a decent bit, but that's where I'm prolific from. There's a subreddit called Beer Money um which is, yeah, so that's where I basically found all this stuff at um and everyone talking about all the things that they do, so that's where I found this and I was going to ask you if you had ever heard of D Scout?
See I feel like it would be really good at this guy. I'm just really
starting,
um I'm just really starting on it. It's been maybe honestly, probably not even a month. I downloaded it after I downloaded a prolific, so it's kind of the same basically they're looking for input about different, pretty much anything, like just a lot of different opinions, they're a little bit more um in depth than
prolific. So as in on your homepage you have like all these different studies or whatever you have to apply for them. So it's just like um it could be about anything like that. There's been some about, you know, race and workplace, you know, if you have Children, if you like to travel, if you have pets, if you like drinking water, if you like technology, like it's just all sorts of different things
so you just apply. Um and a lot of them you don't like a lot of times. Um I'll answer one question, Sorry, we're not looking for that and you just kind of move on.
exactly, but so far as of now I've gotten three now that I've qualified for, um it's usually like a video diary kind of thing, so it's an app on your phone. So basically I had one that was about basically being black in the workplace. That was my first one I ever got. Um I had to do in a video, just introduced myself and then they gave you like little task to do. I'm just like different diary part days of just like, you know, how was this part of your day or can you think of a time in the past three months that this has happened and stuff like that? Um some of them are more involved in the others, but I just finished that one that one paid $75 for. It was like maybe over the course of some like maybe a week of just doing like a video a day or so. So I'd finish out when I just got this new one about um a new instagram product feed. Um They have this new thing to, to instagram and I guess they're asking for people's feedbacks. So I just finished that one today. That one was also $75. And then um
I have one that I just got that I haven't done anything for, it's about like Spotify or something and that one pays $150. So the pay is a lot bigger than it isn't like prolific. Um It does take more time but it really seems like that is the
way to like kind of get him in quick or at least as easy on the extra. So I've been doing that. You seem like you're good at like speaking and like clear and like I feel like they they always really look for that stuff so I'll pass along my luck as you pass it along to me. So
mike as in a.
you know what?
Yeah hold on a second. I don't know. They might have a referral program, but I not really
of course,
S C O U. T. And yeah, so I kind of just, it looked, wow, you cannot see that
the
this whole dieskau and that's just scroll through and they'll just be different ones and they will say the price and stuff. So yeah, I currently am and I haven't cashed out or you don't cash out, they just accept your thing and then within a couple of days or so they say give it 10 days. I'm only on day three since I finished. So I haven't gotten anything yet. But the all the the Reddit reviews like that's where everyone on the beer money sex, it's like pretty much making the most money. Um So yeah, I would suggest it. I don't think I have any sort of thing because that would be cool if I could get something from referring you. But I'm happy just to pass along out of the, you know, the
grimes. So, you know,
this
is
an
app on your phone.
I'm Andrew. Mm hmm.
Mhm.
Which
of
these giving
me
for the discount? Yeah. I'm still waiting out my I think you could put your people and like first before when you sign up with all your demographics and stuff. So they're supposed to just immediately, Well, not immediately. Obviously because I guess that studies looking for about 60 to 100 participants in each of those people is recording a video. And I'm sure some of them have nice big teams. But I'm sure some of them also have smaller ones and they're going through each of these videos individually. So I understand that takes some time. She said at the maximum 10 business days. So I'm I mean, I'm pretty sure I'm pretty hopeful. You know, it didn't cost anything. I guess if it doesn't work out, maybe my time was wasted. But considering that everyone else has had such a positive like reaction to it, I figured that it probably worked pretty well for
me.
They're porous.
Well
we did. Yeah, I was kind of worried at first and I'm sure that I talked a lot during that I talk when I get nervous so
I
might
have overran you.
But
it
was very comfortable. I was worried that I would have someone that couldn't hold a conversation. So it was nice to have someone.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, are they like, hey yeah, this is my first time. Like, I don't know, I could probably still talk to it, but I would have felt a lot more awkward so it was nice to feel comfortable. So thank you for that brian.
you
as well.
Thank you so much. I wish you the same good luck and uh, I guess have fun with it.
good day.
Bye.