SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hey.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hi good well good afternoon. Okay. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: how are you, how is everything going
SPEAKER_L: pretty good, how about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: fine?
SPEAKER_L: Good good, where are you located?
SPEAKER_R: Um uh United States? Um north Carolina? Right.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in California.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's a big city, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: as a big uh is everything going on today,
SPEAKER_L: it's going pretty good. Um We've had fires for a while now and they're just starting to get contained so um the air is more clear than it has been. It still really hasn't um Cool down much here for it to be fall, it's still been in the 90s lately. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like how you guys like how you guys copying over the uh did they ask you guys to locate or something like that?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Um Did I ask you guys to like to um to relocate from the place where you guys are living?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no no no um I don't live close to where any of the fires are. We just get the ash in our area so we're not really effective because we're not really close by to where the fires are. So um yeah
SPEAKER_R: thank god,
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: like then he lives in Los Angeles so he had to evacuate from his home because he was close to wear a fire. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: told you guys everything will get better.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so yeah. What's the weather like there?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. So um how are you seeing about this first coming election? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: my goodness, it's everything, it's so crazy right now um I'm ready for a change more than anything, like
SPEAKER_R: I'm offended.
SPEAKER_L: these last four years have been horrible.
SPEAKER_R: I'm telling you. Yeah it's asking horrible.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I already know who I'm voting for but
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: too. Already know I yes I don't wanna be doing like the L. A. Vote or you want to vote on that day?
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm gonna do I get my ballot in the mail um two days ago, so I'm going to go to the dropbox and drop it off.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's that's cool, you know um That's cool, you know the whole thing has been, you know, there's a lot going on and I know for some reason I was thinking um if there are trump shoot if trump should know well uh there may be a problem. I don't know uh
SPEAKER_L: it's scary. Gary.
SPEAKER_R: he's scaring so I don't know what is, I don't know what his outcome because right now um he tested positive for um cov um covid 19 so I don't know what it's going to, you know, happen eventually so, but I'm praying for the goods, you know, I'm praying for, you know, so I don't know, you know. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy how he just tested positive and then now he's like, oh I'm healed, I'm cared, I want to go and do a debate in person, I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you're tested positive, you should not be near anybody.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Oh even even like recently um I think I saw, I was watching the news recently um he said um I think he mentioned uh that there is no need of him going to debate again because there is no need going because two people are attacking him at the same time. I said oh they're actually the question
SPEAKER_L: That's not good. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: people are talking at the same time as that man. I don't I don't know you know oh God
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know for him. No I don't want somebody like Love Obama lot. I mean I would definitely say my own Obama is kind of um he's kind of um
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Just watching that debate. I was like is this real right now? This is so crazy how he wouldn't even let the moderator talk. He wouldn't even let bite and talk. And I was like, how do you feel you're being attacked when someone just asking a question that you won't answer and you're being rude?
SPEAKER_R: I'm telling
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: the guy is kind of rude anybody asking questions, he's gonna backfire and he doesn't endure. Like even when somebody tweets something he's gonna reply back. Where where does he get that kind of time as a president he's supposed
SPEAKER_L: Running?
SPEAKER_R: to be a little thing. He's gonna reply back anybody that attacking it's gonna fire back. He doesn't you don't know how to control himself you know as a president you know because as the president you are, people definitely talk bad about you have to be ready for that, you know about him. He cannot endure like when you're talking he's gonna reply you but he's gonna oh my goodness. Uh Well I prayer you know why don't we just need change? Because I think the United States of America as a whole is kind of disorganized right now. This is a powerful nation. Edo kind of
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: somehow in santa Maria. So we need somebody that will actually you know connect everything because him he doesn't take everything serious because I I heard when he was making more creator of um this man um joe biden saying something like um yeah you want to see him? Very big mosque. Mosque now, what is happening?
SPEAKER_L: exactly. We should be wearing a big mask instead of making fun of him from wearing a mask. You should have had one on,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He's not following the CDC directions. Is the president, but he's not following the CDC. Okay now he has COVID-19 now he's saying that he has um they have given him they have given him a shot. We shot that still developing the vaccine. So where did you get the shot from? I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: understand.
SPEAKER_L: understand.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. That man I don't know about you know, he needs to because he needs to he needs to step down because I don't know for some reason a lot of things has happened. But I don't know for some reason why you know, people will still go back and vote for him again. Let him go
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and rest.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: like people, people will, because my my dad, he picks up um he's a recycling man. He picks up recycling. So there's this woman that's on his route and she's like, oh yeah, mr trump. He's so nice to give us a stimulus. I'm gonna vote for him because he gave us a stimulus and I was like, what? You are crazy,
SPEAKER_R: my God. Next you see, I don't know for some reason I don't know these people they think they are smart when Obama was doing this Obama kid because the name was Obamacare. They were saying they need to close it down without knowing that it's from a market. Most of them they're getting all these medical help when they're not closed it and then I see even the medical have there yet and everything is closed and the second shot in the trump is a bad person. I say look at you people just because the name the care obamacare, everybody is fighting the whole thing.
SPEAKER_L: granny.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know there is a lot going on but I pray, I know this election is going to be hot you know it's going to be hot so why everything you know go back to the normal you know so
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I pray that everything you know we'll be fine.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so.
SPEAKER_R: and I pray for life girl bring the president that will coordinate America United America makes America America great again because all these things as you say I will make America great again I'm not saying anything happening this Corbyn in right now he knows about it as the President's they gave him the information about this community. He did not do anything about it. Did not many people have, you know, America has die for this Covid 19. You know, because I was like, God, if we allow this man to to get away with this covid 19, I know he's supposed to have let him test so that he can, he can be able to let him feel the pains, how, how the whole thing looks like so that you will understand what people actually what people is going um, is actually suffering from because he doesn't understand, you know that my point brag, I don't know the kind of person he is, you know, it doesn't reason like a human being, it doesn't have a feeling people are dying. You don't want to do something about the whole thing. Are you are there um working um, insulting on joe biden that he always be a big mask. What is happening right now? You, you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: have a family been affected by COVID-19 at all.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Has your family been affected? Um
SPEAKER_R: No, no, not really. You know, only because because my kids, you know, there are no, they, I don't want them to go back to school, they are doing um homeless thing, which is better about my husband works and he was, he was a particular, so mostly they do sanitizer. That one is um like in the making compresses that they should be coming to walk, you know? So I think probably right now he is the only one going to walk. So me, what I do right now, I'm just trying to figure out something I would do online that will actually help me, you know? So that's actually what I'm doing, you know? But right now I'm doing like something like mystery shopping. It has been helping a lot because you know. Yeah. Really
SPEAKER_L: I feel the same. I'm working right now. I'm in my office still but I've been trying to it's I wish we weren't but our department work for department of corrections so we are essential so we have to be at work. So um
SPEAKER_R: can you?
SPEAKER_L: I wish we did it because
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I don't think it's safe to be what my positive office have already tested positive so I don't feel safe going in but we have to and so like you said kids are at home still distance learning. My boyfriend, he's at home full time now, teleworking so that's good. So you can stay at home
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: with the kids when I have
SPEAKER_R: All right so like your company they can allow you guys to stay at home to walk.
SPEAKER_L: um we only go, we used to go in the office only one day a week when it first started. But now as things started to open up more and more, we're back into the office full time. They think it's over. I'm like it's not over, it's not, there's no vaccine and we're still having cases more and more every
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: day
SPEAKER_R: writing.
SPEAKER_L: and now here in California. Um some stuff is just now starting to reopen. A lot of things are
SPEAKER_R: Money.
SPEAKER_L: still closed, like all the theme parks are closed. Um they just opened dining and open up the mall in um in the movie theaters just last week. So um, there's still a lot of restrictions and I feel like with the flu season coming, we don't know what's going to happen if there's going to be a second way because in parts of the country, um in other countries they're having, you know, a second wave. So I'm like, I don't know what's going to happen, you know, So it's something,
SPEAKER_R: movie theater has opened on your side right here is not open. What about
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: what about
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: um the gyms, they're not open yet, but all of the barbershops and hair salons, they're open. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's why I think you know because I don't know what I had a recent news that the people are started testing it again and now that you know we're about to enter winter they say it's gonna be tough because of all these flu all these things you know, I don't know because I don't know when this study things is going to be over. Uh I was thinking that the whole thing is kind of coming down but right now it has picked up. I don't know the university they are talking about that most of the student tested positive is that they say wow. You know,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: so you know there's a lot going on. I don't know what all this is going to be over you know because many people have you know, Monica Pozzo is already there because of this community. So I don't know you know when all these things is going to be over and I don't actually know for the vaccine they are talking about. I think they said they are testing it. I don't know whether it's whether it's true or whether it's you know, of course, I don't know about it. Uh I'm the vaccine but I pray that everything I know commas so fast you know, so thank you so much. Are you like you to ask you to take one? Are you going to take wanted to ask you
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: to take?
SPEAKER_L: no, I believe in in vaccines and I get my flu shot, my kids boyfriend to get a flu shot every single year. But you know how they were doing the vaccine trials and they had to stop because someone got ill. Well they said that the person who got sick, they had a spinal cord injury from the vaccine. So I'm like, okay, if this person got sick from this vaccine, it's not ready for a human conception, I don't trust it, I don't trust
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it. And just like how in the debate how kamala, she said
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: if the CDC says it's safe then I'll say it, they don't think it's safe but if trump says it's safe. No I'm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: not. No way. No way. There's no
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: way. Yeah. So I think it's a little, it's a far off because you know vaccine trials and medications take a long time to develop. You can just have one in 36 months and say oh here you go, it's safe. No, I don't trust that, I don't trust that at all. So. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: goodness.
SPEAKER_L: well we'll see what happens for that for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my husband was telling me um that that because I don't know for some reason he was telling me that he doesn't support the key because and then every now and then if I asked him let's go to the hospital said I say anything about the scene flu shots know that the last time they gave it to him he almost died. He was sick. You know I said I don't want to start out how like you know you know it was kind of telling me you don't know how they had to get all this virus. Um all those veterans is from the the virus they said
SPEAKER_L: and dr
SPEAKER_R: oh my goodness like you know so you said the last time and they had a shot he almost died. He was sick
SPEAKER_L: Wait
SPEAKER_R: like like truly yet he was very very sick you know so I don't know
SPEAKER_L: look.
SPEAKER_R: you know I believe the last time I got the shot was when I was bring down for my last baby. So they said uh they say is a compulsory
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: because if I didn't get it uh the child might I don't know how they put my contacted um something like this and I don't know you or something. I don't know I started to get one but thank god that's not
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: crop.
SPEAKER_R: this thank god that you know um I wasn't like everything was you know um good you know it didn't affect me that much you know So I don't know uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that California, I love California. I'll be like because I know that uh everything I keep on telling my husband, I want to go to California. I want to leave you say that place is very expensive. Can you afford the California? I said no.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: I love the place, I just like how the place is, you know. So I was hoping because I'm surprised when you mentioned California, say what I say, my favorite right? You know place that California. I love it. The last follow. I don't know for some reason. Well I know. So most of my friends, I had one of them that she says that California as well, but I don't know which side actually where she stays. You know, she told me California everything and I said what are you doing? And um north Carolina, bring your family over to this place. This place is nice, this and that. I write here in Greensboro, nothing is you know happening. Uh uh Good. Go watch blimpie, sleepy. Yeah, let me simply be there. Yeah. Okay. All right. Uh So how is California? How is the place? How can you describe California? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: love it. I love it here. I've been here born and raised here my whole life so I'm in the capitol in sacramento. So here, I mean all we have is, you know, the state capital, It's not really too much tourism here because it's not really like a vacation destination. So it's not really busy, but I like it because there's a lot of diversity here. Like, you know, all races, genders,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: um, you know, religion, whatever, you know, it's really, I think it's really open here and I like that about California cause I know if you go to other places, there's racism, there's all kinds of things all over the place. But here it's just such a huge melting pot of people that I really like it here and when we do go on vacation will either go to like southern California, we're going to Disneyland, we'll go this will go all over California and just, you know, for vacation. But yeah, I like, you hear a lot. Um I like working here like working for the state is pretty good except right now because
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of Covid we got we got furloughs, let me pay cuts.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: So that's really rough to deal with right now. We're supposed to be getting a um supposed to get a raise this year
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: we're not getting a raise for three years now
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: because of the budget cuts and everything. So it's it's so crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: How is it there? Do you maybe north Carolina? Do you like living there?
SPEAKER_R: Uh what do I do? Uh Sorry
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm sorry, I've never been to north Carolina. Do you like living there?
SPEAKER_R: um North Carolina is somehow, let me just put it here. They do rest. Uh there's arrested in here too much, there's too much of it right here. You know like my husband right now. Uh he has to get the direct uh just finished his masters but he couldn't find any war. He's still working at the same place. He he was working before, so there's no job. And when you even even the place um he is working right now, they have a lot of positions are like the places that is open for people to apply for the job. But they won't put him because he's a black, you know, they're just, yeah, so there's a lot going on, you know? So I was telling him right from the beginning, let's just move out of this place. Nothing is actually working in. Uh but nothing is working out, you know, right here in north Carolina. I told him, let us find a state where he can how can he is a graduate. He did his master's degree and yes, he's still working at the place where he's there right now is supposed to be working in the office. So because of the racism and other stuff, you know, they don't want to give him they have different positions but is one of them to put him there? The wire puts you know, another person another rather put a white person that's what actually what are doing. So and uh he has tried like he's kind of he's telling me that he has given up doesn't say what you you have the masters we have to fight for it. You know Because I know when um he's still in school, you know I was pregnant, only me doing all the stuff. You know when he comes back he's always on always on his laptop being assignment. Sometimes he will fall asleep. All those things is kind of is it in you have to fight for it to have to you
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: know get something.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I don't know what is happening. I feel like um here no black people right in here Uh you know five as you know Kind of fine. I'm not a good thing. They are under these people working on them, you know? I don't know. So that is the
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: whole thing.
SPEAKER_L: far you can hear that. I I hope that he's able to get something better soon because that that is not fair at all and that's it, so it's so sad and it's like here. Um I feel like there's more opportunities here, but it is expensive to live in California unfortunately like because I work downtown and they have like one bedroom apartments for $2500 for rent
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like that's crazy to me, I don't understand, it's like who
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: can afford
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: mom.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, 2500 a month for a one bedroom loft apartment And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: then you have to pay for parking parking, another 300 a month for parking and I was like what? This makes no sense,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: like it's horrible here, it's so expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: You know? But yeah, it's so crazy. Well you know the California is a nice place as far as me or I'm concerned is that I hate anything about racism. I don't like people, you know treating other people as if they are trash. Just like I don't know for some reason Latin is always making me go crazy. I don't like it at all. You don't treat people like that, you know? So I don't like any any state that you know, that's why I'm telling him, let's just move out of this because I don't know what we are doing here. You know, they just find a place and he was saying okay that he want, he wanted us to move to um, my tech sex or his team and uh, somebody, I think there is this guy from the work that told him that the history is good. But during the summer time there is a, no, a lot of, you know, like it's another stop, you know that you can stay there during the summer is very hot. You know, you're gonna spend a lot, you know, on your Um FC or whatever. So it is, you would advise him to go to that place. So the place, I think he has 100% opportunity to get a nice job from that place. But you know during the summer that place is very hot in us. Yeah. So I don't
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know. I've already told him that. I don't know for florida. He told me that florida is very expensive as well. I don't know. You know, I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: other states, you know, I think that it's kind of good guys, you know um
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: they are not only throughout this process and stuff that will be very good for for us to move in, you know? So, but one thing about this north Carolina right here, if you stay here, you can save more like here um like this apartment, you know, it's very affordable. You know. So yeah. So that's one thing with not that I can easily save more. You see um most of the houses you see in other places, you know, maybe they are selling it like 100 something 1000. Uh Yeah. Uh dollar right here. You can get it like 126 you know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's a huge difference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, different. You know, So that was one thing, but all right and that but here to me is only okay, right here we are here in Greensburg. The only place that is developed, I don't know, you know, shallot and robbery, you know. Yeah, so that's the only place I think that is kind of you know, people knows a lot, you know, Other than that this Greensboro, here we are. Oh my goodness, kind of boring, nothing is going nothing. Like if I show you right now like the apartment we are living, nobody's coming out, everybody is in their apartment, you won't see anybody. Everybody is kind of uh like oh my goodness, I don't know but I don't like this kind of place. This is I'm kind of somewhere that I'm very, very adventurous. I love some, I love to explore that. You know, beautiful places you go. You see people outside, but right here, you won't see anybody else side. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's hard blow
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you will
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: see anybody outside. Everybody is like, you know, like, I love the place where if I'm working, I'm seeing people walking in the street. There's nothing like walking. Everybody has their own car. Like, each families, if you even even if they are it inside one family, each of them has their own car every now and then, you know, they go with their kind of, don't work with their legs. So, me, I'm kind of, you know, I like, you know, I like when I'm good, I wanna go, I see some people, you know? Yeah. So,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: right now, that's why I'm fighting for us to go to city where I will see, because my son now, you know, nothing. You know, he's just along here with my little daughter, nothing is going on. Everybody is kind of quarantine right now because of covid 19. So no nothing. You know like it's here to be honest with you I don't like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't like your kids.
SPEAKER_L: hope I hope you guys find somewhere better soon and you get in a better situation. I I really hope that you guys do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know because if he was telling me the whole thing would have you know very easy for him. Well when we met at the initial stage when there we never had a kid you know
SPEAKER_L: It.
SPEAKER_R: we have a lovely he would love us to you know move it to be easy. But now there is kids, a lot of things you know if you go to if I want him to go to California he needs to get a job there you know settle before he will complete the family. That's another thing. He cannot carry the family like that to this place you know. So that is the whole thing going on. So there is a whole lot, you know going on what I pray you know, But definitely will kick around in a place that you know, I'll be fine for for us. Yeah. So that's what I'm doing.
SPEAKER_L: I I pray like you guys, you guys get, he gets his dream job, you get to get any better neighborhood and I hope everything would foul. I do. I hope so. I think that even though we're 25 minutes already,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's what I'm saying, you know? All right, nice fucking with you
SPEAKER_L: you too,
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: you take care.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, because I was kind of worried, who am I going to speak with her? But thank God. All right, have a nice day. Nice talking to you. Thank
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you so
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: much. All
SPEAKER_L: Good to
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: bye bye.