Yeah. Hey.
how are you, how is everything going
fine?
Um uh United States? Um north Carolina? Right.
Oh wow, that's a big city, yeah.
Yeah
as a big uh is everything going on today,
I like how you guys like how you guys copying over the uh did they ask you guys to locate or something like that?
Um Did I ask you guys to like to um to relocate from the place where you guys are living?
thank god,
wow.
wow,
I
told you guys everything will get better.
Yeah. Okay. So um how are you seeing about this first coming election? Uh huh.
I'm offended.
I'm telling you. Yeah it's asking horrible.
Me
too. Already know I yes I don't wanna be doing like the L. A. Vote or you want to vote on that day?
Okay. That's that's cool, you know um That's cool, you know the whole thing has been, you know, there's a lot going on and I know for some reason I was thinking um if there are trump shoot if trump should know well uh there may be a problem. I don't know uh
he's scaring so I don't know what is, I don't know what his outcome because right now um he tested positive for um cov um covid 19 so I don't know what it's going to, you know, happen eventually so, but I'm praying for the goods, you know, I'm praying for, you know, so I don't know, you know. Mhm
Get
it.
Yes. Oh even even like recently um I think I saw, I was watching the news recently um he said um I think he mentioned uh that there is no need of him going to debate again because there is no need going because two people are attacking him at the same time. I said oh they're actually the question
people are talking at the same time as that man. I don't I don't know you know oh God
I don't know for him. No I don't want somebody like Love Obama lot. I mean I would definitely say my own Obama is kind of um he's kind of um
I'm telling
you
the guy is kind of rude anybody asking questions, he's gonna backfire and he doesn't endure. Like even when somebody tweets something he's gonna reply back. Where where does he get that kind of time as a president he's supposed
to be a little thing. He's gonna reply back anybody that attacking it's gonna fire back. He doesn't you don't know how to control himself you know as a president you know because as the president you are, people definitely talk bad about you have to be ready for that, you know about him. He cannot endure like when you're talking he's gonna reply you but he's gonna oh my goodness. Uh Well I prayer you know why don't we just need change? Because I think the United States of America as a whole is kind of disorganized right now. This is a powerful nation. Edo kind of
somehow in santa Maria. So we need somebody that will actually you know connect everything because him he doesn't take everything serious because I I heard when he was making more creator of um this man um joe biden saying something like um yeah you want to see him? Very big mosque. Mosque now, what is happening?
Yeah. He's not following the CDC directions. Is the president, but he's not following the CDC. Okay now he has COVID-19 now he's saying that he has um they have given him they have given him a shot. We shot that still developing the vaccine. So where did you get the shot from? I
don't
understand.
Okay. All right. That man I don't know about you know, he needs to because he needs to he needs to step down because I don't know for some reason a lot of things has happened. But I don't know for some reason why you know, people will still go back and vote for him again. Let him go
and rest.
I don't
know.
my God. Next you see, I don't know for some reason I don't know these people they think they are smart when Obama was doing this Obama kid because the name was Obamacare. They were saying they need to close it down without knowing that it's from a market. Most of them they're getting all these medical help when they're not closed it and then I see even the medical have there yet and everything is closed and the second shot in the trump is a bad person. I say look at you people just because the name the care obamacare, everybody is fighting the whole thing.
I don't know there is a lot going on but I pray, I know this election is going to be hot you know it's going to be hot so why everything you know go back to the normal you know so
I pray that everything you know we'll be fine.
and I pray for life girl bring the president that will coordinate America United America makes America America great again because all these things as you say I will make America great again I'm not saying anything happening this Corbyn in right now he knows about it as the President's they gave him the information about this community. He did not do anything about it. Did not many people have, you know, America has die for this Covid 19. You know, because I was like, God, if we allow this man to to get away with this covid 19, I know he's supposed to have let him test so that he can, he can be able to let him feel the pains, how, how the whole thing looks like so that you will understand what people actually what people is going um, is actually suffering from because he doesn't understand, you know that my point brag, I don't know the kind of person he is, you know, it doesn't reason like a human being, it doesn't have a feeling people are dying. You don't want to do something about the whole thing. Are you are there um working um, insulting on joe biden that he always be a big mask. What is happening right now? You, you
know,
I'm sorry.
No, no, not really. You know, only because because my kids, you know, there are no, they, I don't want them to go back to school, they are doing um homeless thing, which is better about my husband works and he was, he was a particular, so mostly they do sanitizer. That one is um like in the making compresses that they should be coming to walk, you know? So I think probably right now he is the only one going to walk. So me, what I do right now, I'm just trying to figure out something I would do online that will actually help me, you know? So that's actually what I'm doing, you know? But right now I'm doing like something like mystery shopping. It has been helping a lot because you know. Yeah. Really
can you?
It's
that's
it.
All right so like your company they can allow you guys to stay at home to walk.
in
writing.
Money.
movie theater has opened on your side right here is not open. What about
what about
you?
That's why I think you know because I don't know what I had a recent news that the people are started testing it again and now that you know we're about to enter winter they say it's gonna be tough because of all these flu all these things you know, I don't know because I don't know when this study things is going to be over. Uh I was thinking that the whole thing is kind of coming down but right now it has picked up. I don't know the university they are talking about that most of the student tested positive is that they say wow. You know,
so you know there's a lot going on. I don't know what all this is going to be over you know because many people have you know, Monica Pozzo is already there because of this community. So I don't know you know when all these things is going to be over and I don't actually know for the vaccine they are talking about. I think they said they are testing it. I don't know whether it's whether it's true or whether it's you know, of course, I don't know about it. Uh I'm the vaccine but I pray that everything I know commas so fast you know, so thank you so much. Are you like you to ask you to take one? Are you going to take wanted to ask you
to take?
No.
What?
No.
my
goodness.
Yeah because
my husband was telling me um that that because I don't know for some reason he was telling me that he doesn't support the key because and then every now and then if I asked him let's go to the hospital said I say anything about the scene flu shots know that the last time they gave it to him he almost died. He was sick. You know I said I don't want to start out how like you know you know it was kind of telling me you don't know how they had to get all this virus. Um all those veterans is from the the virus they said
oh my goodness like you know so you said the last time and they had a shot he almost died. He was sick
like like truly yet he was very very sick you know so I don't know
you know I believe the last time I got the shot was when I was bring down for my last baby. So they said uh they say is a compulsory
because if I didn't get it uh the child might I don't know how they put my contacted um something like this and I don't know you or something. I don't know I started to get one but thank god that's not
like
this thank god that you know um I wasn't like everything was you know um good you know it didn't affect me that much you know So I don't know uh
that California, I love California. I'll be like because I know that uh everything I keep on telling my husband, I want to go to California. I want to leave you say that place is very expensive. Can you afford the California? I said no.
As
I love the place, I just like how the place is, you know. So I was hoping because I'm surprised when you mentioned California, say what I say, my favorite right? You know place that California. I love it. The last follow. I don't know for some reason. Well I know. So most of my friends, I had one of them that she says that California as well, but I don't know which side actually where she stays. You know, she told me California everything and I said what are you doing? And um north Carolina, bring your family over to this place. This place is nice, this and that. I write here in Greensboro, nothing is you know happening. Uh uh Good. Go watch blimpie, sleepy. Yeah, let me simply be there. Yeah. Okay. All right. Uh So how is California? How is the place? How can you describe California? Uh huh.
I
I
And
You
know.
Well
wow.
Uh what do I do? Uh Sorry
um North Carolina is somehow, let me just put it here. They do rest. Uh there's arrested in here too much, there's too much of it right here. You know like my husband right now. Uh he has to get the direct uh just finished his masters but he couldn't find any war. He's still working at the same place. He he was working before, so there's no job. And when you even even the place um he is working right now, they have a lot of positions are like the places that is open for people to apply for the job. But they won't put him because he's a black, you know, they're just, yeah, so there's a lot going on, you know? So I was telling him right from the beginning, let's just move out of this place. Nothing is actually working in. Uh but nothing is working out, you know, right here in north Carolina. I told him, let us find a state where he can how can he is a graduate. He did his master's degree and yes, he's still working at the place where he's there right now is supposed to be working in the office. So because of the racism and other stuff, you know, they don't want to give him they have different positions but is one of them to put him there? The wire puts you know, another person another rather put a white person that's what actually what are doing. So and uh he has tried like he's kind of he's telling me that he has given up doesn't say what you you have the masters we have to fight for it. You know Because I know when um he's still in school, you know I was pregnant, only me doing all the stuff. You know when he comes back he's always on always on his laptop being assignment. Sometimes he will fall asleep. All those things is kind of is it in you have to fight for it to have to you
know get something.
Yeah because I don't know what is happening. I feel like um here no black people right in here Uh you know five as you know Kind of fine. I'm not a good thing. They are under these people working on them, you know? I don't know. So that is the
whole thing.
What?
Like
like a
mom.
What?
what?
Oh my gosh. Uh huh.
You know? But yeah, it's so crazy. Well you know the California is a nice place as far as me or I'm concerned is that I hate anything about racism. I don't like people, you know treating other people as if they are trash. Just like I don't know for some reason Latin is always making me go crazy. I don't like it at all. You don't treat people like that, you know? So I don't like any any state that you know, that's why I'm telling him, let's just move out of this because I don't know what we are doing here. You know, they just find a place and he was saying okay that he want, he wanted us to move to um, my tech sex or his team and uh, somebody, I think there is this guy from the work that told him that the history is good. But during the summer time there is a, no, a lot of, you know, like it's another stop, you know that you can stay there during the summer is very hot. You know, you're gonna spend a lot, you know, on your Um FC or whatever. So it is, you would advise him to go to that place. So the place, I think he has 100% opportunity to get a nice job from that place. But you know during the summer that place is very hot in us. Yeah. So I don't
know. I've already told him that. I don't know for florida. He told me that florida is very expensive as well. I don't know. You know, I don't know what
other states, you know, I think that it's kind of good guys, you know um
they are not only throughout this process and stuff that will be very good for for us to move in, you know? So, but one thing about this north Carolina right here, if you stay here, you can save more like here um like this apartment, you know, it's very affordable. You know. So yeah. So that's one thing with not that I can easily save more. You see um most of the houses you see in other places, you know, maybe they are selling it like 100 something 1000. Uh Yeah. Uh dollar right here. You can get it like 126 you know. Yeah,
yeah, different. You know, So that was one thing, but all right and that but here to me is only okay, right here we are here in Greensburg. The only place that is developed, I don't know, you know, shallot and robbery, you know. Yeah, so that's the only place I think that is kind of you know, people knows a lot, you know, Other than that this Greensboro, here we are. Oh my goodness, kind of boring, nothing is going nothing. Like if I show you right now like the apartment we are living, nobody's coming out, everybody is in their apartment, you won't see anybody. Everybody is kind of uh like oh my goodness, I don't know but I don't like this kind of place. This is I'm kind of somewhere that I'm very, very adventurous. I love some, I love to explore that. You know, beautiful places you go. You see people outside, but right here, you won't see anybody else side. Oh,
yeah, you will
see anybody outside. Everybody is like, you know, like, I love the place where if I'm working, I'm seeing people walking in the street. There's nothing like walking. Everybody has their own car. Like, each families, if you even even if they are it inside one family, each of them has their own car every now and then, you know, they go with their kind of, don't work with their legs. So, me, I'm kind of, you know, I like, you know, I like when I'm good, I wanna go, I see some people, you know? Yeah. So,
right now, that's why I'm fighting for us to go to city where I will see, because my son now, you know, nothing. You know, he's just along here with my little daughter, nothing is going on. Everybody is kind of quarantine right now because of covid 19. So no nothing. You know like it's here to be honest with you I don't like
I don't like your kids.
Yeah. You
know because if he was telling me the whole thing would have you know very easy for him. Well when we met at the initial stage when there we never had a kid you know
we have a lovely he would love us to you know move it to be easy. But now there is kids, a lot of things you know if you go to if I want him to go to California he needs to get a job there you know settle before he will complete the family. That's another thing. He cannot carry the family like that to this place you know. So that is the whole thing going on. So there is a whole lot, you know going on what I pray you know, But definitely will kick around in a place that you know, I'll be fine for for us. Yeah. So that's what I'm doing.
Yes, that's what I'm saying, you know? All right, nice fucking with you
because
yeah, because I was kind of worried, who am I going to speak with her? But thank God. All right, have a nice day. Nice talking to you. Thank
you so
much. All
bye.