Yeah. Hi good well good afternoon. Okay. Yeah
pretty good, how about yourself?
Good good, where are you located?
I'm in California.
yeah
yeah
it's going pretty good. Um We've had fires for a while now and they're just starting to get contained so um the air is more clear than it has been. It still really hasn't um Cool down much here for it to be fall, it's still been in the 90s lately. Yeah.
I'm sorry?
Oh no no no um I don't live close to where any of the fires are. We just get the ash in our area so we're not really effective because we're not really close by to where the fires are. So um yeah
yeah yeah
like then he lives in Los Angeles so he had to evacuate from his home because he was close to wear a fire. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah
so
I hope so yeah. What's the weather like there?
my goodness, it's everything, it's so crazy right now um I'm ready for a change more than anything, like
these last four years have been horrible.
yeah, I already know who I'm voting for but
you know.
I think I'm gonna do I get my ballot in the mail um two days ago, so I'm going to go to the dropbox and drop it off.
it's scary. Gary.
it's crazy how he just tested positive and then now he's like, oh I'm healed, I'm cared, I want to go and do a debate in person, I'm like,
you know,
you're tested positive, you should not be near anybody.
That's not good. Exactly.
Yeah. Okay.
I don't know. Just watching that debate. I was like is this real right now? This is so crazy how he wouldn't even let the moderator talk. He wouldn't even let bite and talk. And I was like, how do you feel you're being attacked when someone just asking a question that you won't answer and you're being rude?
Have
it
Running?
So
exactly. We should be wearing a big mask instead of making fun of him from wearing a mask. You should have had one on,
I
don't
understand.
And
I
feel
like people, people will, because my my dad, he picks up um he's a recycling man. He picks up recycling. So there's this woman that's on his route and she's like, oh yeah, mr trump. He's so nice to give us a stimulus. I'm gonna vote for him because he gave us a stimulus and I was like, what? You are crazy,
granny.
No,
I hope so.
I
have a family been affected by COVID-19 at all.
Uh huh. Has your family been affected? Um
I feel the same. I'm working right now. I'm in my office still but I've been trying to it's I wish we weren't but our department work for department of corrections so we are essential so we have to be at work. So um
I wish we did it because
I don't think it's safe to be what my positive office have already tested positive so I don't feel safe going in but we have to and so like you said kids are at home still distance learning. My boyfriend, he's at home full time now, teleworking so that's good. So you can stay at home
with
with the kids when I have
um we only go, we used to go in the office only one day a week when it first started. But now as things started to open up more and more, we're back into the office full time. They think it's over. I'm like it's not over, it's not, there's no vaccine and we're still having cases more and more every
day
and now here in California. Um some stuff is just now starting to reopen. A lot of things are
still closed, like all the theme parks are closed. Um they just opened dining and open up the mall in um in the movie theaters just last week. So um, there's still a lot of restrictions and I feel like with the flu season coming, we don't know what's going to happen if there's going to be a second way because in parts of the country, um in other countries they're having, you know, a second wave. So I'm like, I don't know what's going to happen, you know, So it's something,
no,
what
um the gyms, they're not open yet, but all of the barbershops and hair salons, they're open. Yeah. Yeah.
It
No,
no, I believe in in vaccines and I get my flu shot, my kids boyfriend to get a flu shot every single year. But you know how they were doing the vaccine trials and they had to stop because someone got ill. Well they said that the person who got sick, they had a spinal cord injury from the vaccine. So I'm like, okay, if this person got sick from this vaccine, it's not ready for a human conception, I don't trust it, I don't trust
it. And just like how in the debate how kamala, she said
if the CDC says it's safe then I'll say it, they don't think it's safe but if trump says it's safe. No I'm
not. No way. No way. There's no
way. Yeah. So I think it's a little, it's a far off because you know vaccine trials and medications take a long time to develop. You can just have one in 36 months and say oh here you go, it's safe. No, I don't trust that, I don't trust that at all. So. Yeah
well we'll see what happens for that for sure.
Yeah.
and dr
Wait
look.
It
The
crop.
Yeah
I
think.
love it. I love it here. I've been here born and raised here my whole life so I'm in the capitol in sacramento. So here, I mean all we have is, you know, the state capital, It's not really too much tourism here because it's not really like a vacation destination. So it's not really busy, but I like it because there's a lot of diversity here. Like, you know, all races, genders,
um, you know, religion, whatever, you know, it's really, I think it's really open here and I like that about California cause I know if you go to other places, there's racism, there's all kinds of things all over the place. But here it's just such a huge melting pot of people that I really like it here and when we do go on vacation will either go to like southern California, we're going to Disneyland, we'll go this will go all over California and just, you know, for vacation. But yeah, I like, you hear a lot. Um I like working here like working for the state is pretty good except right now because
of Covid we got we got furloughs, let me pay cuts.
So that's really rough to deal with right now. We're supposed to be getting a um supposed to get a raise this year
but
we're not getting a raise for three years now
because of the budget cuts and everything. So it's it's so crazy. Yeah.
How is it there? Do you maybe north Carolina? Do you like living there?
Oh I'm sorry, I've never been to north Carolina. Do you like living there?
Are
you
so
far you can hear that. I I hope that he's able to get something better soon because that that is not fair at all and that's it, so it's so sad and it's like here. Um I feel like there's more opportunities here, but it is expensive to live in California unfortunately like because I work downtown and they have like one bedroom apartments for $2500 for rent
and I'm like that's crazy to me, I don't understand, it's like who
can afford
that?
Yes, 2500 a month for a one bedroom loft apartment And
then you have to pay for parking parking, another 300 a month for parking and I was like what? This makes no sense,
like it's horrible here, it's so expensive.
So.
So
What?
But
that's a huge difference. Yeah.
wow, that's hard blow
you.
So
I
hope I hope you guys find somewhere better soon and you get in a better situation. I I really hope that you guys do. Yeah.
Yeah.
It.
I I pray like you guys, you guys get, he gets his dream job, you get to get any better neighborhood and I hope everything would foul. I do. I hope so. I think that even though we're 25 minutes already,
you too,
you take care.
Thank
you.
Good to
bye bye.