SPEAKER_R: Hey, wait I cannot hear you. Let me try to fix it. Sure, can you hear me? I cannot hear you for some reason. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: How about now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think I was hearing that were static and I couldn't
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: hear you, that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay, don't worry. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well if it's your first time in a study like this?
SPEAKER_L: Um This is my second time doing this study,
SPEAKER_R: Same,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: give me a second
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: time. Yeah it was pretty cool and when I got in the certification that it was open again and I'm like yeah I'll go
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: for it, it was fun and it was a good payment. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: bucks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for real yeah. How are you doing? How's your day going? Okay
SPEAKER_L: I pretty much spent the whole day playing video games so I can't complain, you know,
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. I miss playing video games, I will be able to play some but I don't have consoles, I have a good internet, so difficult to play online games.
SPEAKER_L: bomber.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean right now and I'm a retreat center, I was working as a cabin counselor uh here in texas, well I'm in texas right now uh right now we just finished uh summer camp with boys. They were supposed to start girls camp Um for two weeks. But because because of the rise of cases we decided to cancel it. So I still stay here. I'm a volunteer. Well I won't unfortunately I won't get paid because we cancel it and at some point me anymore but well at least I got and I was allowed to stay here and helping whatever I could. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean a place to stay. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty cool. Um Yeah my school is going to reopen soon so I just have to wait until they let me know when I should come back. You know it's going to be different, it's going to be hybrid learning. So we have got to be a new experience. But no, you know what we can do it just like no mule is every everything is you know about adaptation. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: are you what are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: It's a clergy. Uh Yeah I have it all major psychology in spanish
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: the study
SPEAKER_L: nine.
SPEAKER_R: vantage.
SPEAKER_L: Um No I I graduated recently with my master's degree in Biology.
SPEAKER_R: The school. Yeah. How are you working? Something related to biology right now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I wish um I got my degree in Sweden. Um I went over there for the whole program and then um my partner was doing their PhD over there and decided that it wasn't working. So we came back uh mid March, right in the middle of a pandemic. Um And have not we haven't been able to find any jobs unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: I think uh I'm sorry. Yeah. It's not it's really hard for everyone. You know when when the pandemic happened, I got laid off. I work at Starbucks but then I got laid off because we had to close on the stores. I still I owed a lot of money to university right now and I tried to solve that. Yeah. I mean it affected everyone, it affected everyone even my parents. I'm I'm international student. So I I come from Peru. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've been here for already four years. I mean this semester that is about very People see my last one.
SPEAKER_L: So you're doing you're doing you're paying international these that's rough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh The international students really hard. We have like a lot of limitations like in order to work here at the between center at the retreat center, I had to pay for a summer class because the only way international student come work of campus has to be through a class, so basically had to pay to work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's so frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's so frustrating. But at the end, I mean I'm really thankful thankful to you know, work somewhere, having somewhere that that I can eat and stay even if I don't have income yet, I'm still glad that I got to get a house to sleep and I get some food.
SPEAKER_L: You get the whole experience yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what kind of job jobs have you been applying to?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um Pretty much basic
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like scientific aid positions where I can assist senior scientist with research or data collection or even doing like data entry or proof reading scientific journals would be our scientific articles would be good. Um But the biology market in California is ultra saturated right now. Um So like there are PhD people with phds running around snatching up all these minimum wage positions and I'm going no and really?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you considered just targeting to like, I don't know, customer service positions? And so
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: the other jobs are taken.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah we're considering it. Um We're fortunate enough that my partner and I have enough savings that we can like hang out while we search for jobs. Um But if we don't find something pretty soon I think we're going to go you know apply to Target and Home Depot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Don't worry. You know, the the economy is trying to reopen so whatever is there left for you to take this covert?
SPEAKER_L: yeah it'll be good. I'm hoping that maybe we can wait long enough that like the second wave of Covid is gone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now. Yeah, we're in the mid, No, I don't even know if we're in the middle of second wave or just started like the thinking about
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Covid, I always check the stats every day. I check them by myself. Like check them. And technically we Worldwide we are 50% cure. But we still have a lot of cases, you know, In the us we're
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: about to hear
SPEAKER_L: don't have
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: to do
SPEAKER_R: million
SPEAKER_L: it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: You know, we're about to get three million cases. But from all those cases, one million are recovered. two million are still ill. So yeah, I was trying to see the numbers by myself. You know that psychology major. I learned that and I rely more on what I think that the media tell theme.
SPEAKER_L: definitely a good plan.
SPEAKER_R: in peru I don't know what to say about peru is uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: we apparently I want to say apparently we flattered the curve. I think if we don't do much testing that we should and the culture in my country is now like respectful it's like what happened was happening here. People are not wearing placemats or or you know not doing social distancing and it's kind of the same thing happened in my country village just because people don't have other choice they need to work or they need to um You know be closer people to just do their jobs. Um Yeah thank God my mom my mom wasn't employed to and the mom before depend on me she got a job and then the pandemic started I was like thank God she had a job. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but it's hard you know I got an employee. I mean I got affected, yeah, I guess I it's not me. I think they taught me to appreciate life a little bit more.
SPEAKER_L: That's really good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: What about you? Did you learn something?
SPEAKER_L: about Covid uh that we should stop say avoiding it like the plague because people can't do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah, hopefully there's a Pechstein. No, it's not going to be still near that I wanted, but Hopefully there's going to be some kind of trick. Well there's already some treatments, not 100% effective but at least 40% effective.
SPEAKER_L: yeah but I mean even I feel like even people are refusing just flat out refusing to do the bare minimum to keep themselves and other people safe. Uh And that's pretty disappointing cursing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. Even some of my friends uh I saw some post something natural leaving and I scolded them um private channel like what are you doing like in the middle of a pandemic, you're not even wearing face masks and you know like, oh we're going to be fine. I'm like
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: whatever.
SPEAKER_L: got friends inviting me out for like pedicures and let's go to the park and let's go to the beach and I'm like, absolutely not. There is no way, mm.
SPEAKER_R: um the day we finished with boys camp, you know, these are richard and that is pretty much isolated from everything so whichever whatever enters here. Um So well if time it is so hard to contract who it mm no to be affected in here because nobody really comes in here unless for a program. So the moment we finished um my coworker said like oh look at some ice cream like we went up, tried to of course we went to Custer I think it was a restaurant we got right through and then we stopped at a park. I didn't know why and then they decided to walk in the park and I'm like oh my God okay I put my face masks and here, well I mean the city of Erbil texas right now nobody was, well even though it's not mandatory nobody is still not wearing place that's like very few people. And I want I was just so panic that would just keep even like a 10 ft distance from everyone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's smart. It's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: the same here. Nobody
SPEAKER_R: when I get
SPEAKER_L: wearing
SPEAKER_R: back to
SPEAKER_L: mask.
SPEAKER_R: school yeah when I get back to school I'm basically going to be in the frontline since I need to work. Yeah unfortunately
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: in a position where I have to work no matter what. So I just wear face nous work follow the procedures and make sure I'll avoid can avoid all the rest. No
SPEAKER_L: So what are your
SPEAKER_R: mr
SPEAKER_L: plans for after school? You want to stay
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: in texas?
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: So you want to go back to peru and you want to go somewhere else?
SPEAKER_R: mm I have many options because as an international student uh well if I finish school and and there's nothing else I can do here I can just I have to go back to my country um I can apply for a your permission of work so basically I could apply for a job related to my major and I will work for uh linda for a year and where my permissions fires. And then I go back. Um And another choice is to apply to grad school because there won't be another intern international Visa. A student Visa for grad school. I'm deciding if that you know I'm thinking if I want to work at least four years, save some money and then I applied to grad school. I want to do either clinical or counseling psychology. No I have I mean I believe I have a good cd. I have a the good grades and I could actually my chances to get there is high. I just have to take the G. R. E. Uh Yeah I'm so annoyed about it. I'm I've been studied today, I study around like two hours a day. I should study more but I'm too lazy. Uh Yeah but also I don't I'm not gonna take it until september, I want to take it on uh I wanna take it next month but I don't have enough money to pay for G. R. E. So I just when I get back I'm going to work some some weeks and then I'll get some money to pay this the exam. Yeah. Um I think that's the main option I want applied to grad school and but I wouldn't know I wouldn't know everything until I wouldn't know anything until March. So. Yeah and are you thinking I'm Fortuna like a PhD program or something?
SPEAKER_L: Not really a PhD, I thought for a little while that I was going to start another Master's program doing mechanical Engineering.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: but then we came back to the States um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: and the cost of tuition even as a as you know, a resident is pretty outrageous. Uh doing the program over in Sweden, the master's program, it costs me less money to like move my life over there, lived there for two years and pay the tuition than it was for just the tuition at a lot of the California schools. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I feel you. Yeah when I came here I saw that question is a thing. Um I came here because I got a scholarship to study in the university scholarship to cover tuition. And the tuition is like 16 k. Uh
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: per semester. Just create yes
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: those tense it. And I only have to pay housing, food and everything called well Without tuition, everything I have to pay. It's around 6K. Which is not bad. I mean for a Peruvian like me, but I have to work hard to pay that. Yes. It's hard but it's not a hard hard as other people. Um What what are the people are dealing? I have a lot of friends who have loans. Um I've been considered getting alone but I don't really need one because the money I own is pretty minimal. Yeah. Right now I also listen to K but it's a lot of money is just money that I don't have. So yes, finding ways to get some money. Um So yeah, I didn't know it was a thing I didn't get to do university studies in my country. So I'm pretty familiar with how education is in Dallas University management country. I have siblings that are studying. So they are going through university right now, technically the best universities are the expensive ones in my country. Um um I don't think loan our problem or I think is, I don't, and they rehearsed um, people getting loans in the country. So yeah, when, well, when I can hear the culture was like, you know, culture shock, so which is a little different. There are problems that for me are not problems, but here problems known. Um now with the black, you know them Black lives matters movement and everything. It is so surprising. No, I mean as an international student, I feel that I should not be neutral. You know, I have to uh support whatever uh, is the correct thing to do. Three. Yeah. Being here not me some anything in the future. I want to stay here in the US because I believe that might work as a psychology major will be more significant in here. Um I speak spanish um and I have heard many cases of people who are only spanish speaking and cannot find psychologists who are bilingual. So I think my world will be more significant here and they have like a dream biology job, like a dream job related technology or something else.
SPEAKER_L: I would really like to do research on squid and octopus. That's been my dream for quite a long time. Um
SPEAKER_R: Have you done research on like on the animals already or not yet?
SPEAKER_L: Have I done what?
SPEAKER_R: Research on animals or not yet?
SPEAKER_L: I did I did a lot of research on um fish from my master's degree. Yeah. Um But I couldn't really break into you know studying squid octopus and Sweden because there are none up there. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So my original plan was to graduate with a master's degree, wait for my partner to get their PhD. And then we would move to Hawaii and I would go get my PhD um studying cephalopods there. Um But watching my partner being a PhD was really hard. It really opened my eyes to the academic demands and the social demands and just all the stuff that goes on. It's sort of
SPEAKER_R: Normal.
SPEAKER_L: killed my interest in getting a PhD really like I know that wherever I go it would be a different, a completely different experience. She ended up in a really bad um lab with a very poor advisor um and had essentially the funding pulled right out from under her, so we had to, you know, stop the PhD halfway through. Um But man, do I not want to have anything to do with any of that?
SPEAKER_R: I feel you yeah. Yeah I have seen uh not cases like that, but I ran many things about how to be a good mentor, what not to do. Examples of there are terrible advising so I can see how that comes in. Uh you know, someone who has worked so hard for a pitch doesn't disturb that treatment. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: PhD students are really put through the wringer with the demands made on them for, you know, definitely not as much money as they deserve. They do so much work
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah. When it comes to research um even though I want to do counselor clinical, most of my research have been on beluga beluga, whales. Yeah, Yeah, aquatic animals. Um My professor, she the research on belugas and dolphins. Um I just took the opportunity because she announced that she needed an R. A. That was like, why not? Like even though it's not what I want to do. Oh, go for it. And it was really cool. I learned a lot of animal behavior if they call, you know, it's different. It's just so different uh observing animal when you set them. You know, you understand different things. You realize how much people like to infer about animals and you don't um you know, I work well, I don't work. My teachers are partnered with Seaworld san Antonio, Uh, even 20 Texas and she gets footage there to study below this. And also I had a class with her of comparative comparative psychology, which is the psychology that focus more on animal behavior. And we had the chance to evaluate blackfish. Have you heard that documentary?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have, I watched it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what we learn is that it's pretty biased if you read what's happening behind it. Like there's a lot of things are ignored or even lied about. And right now, literally a minute before I joined the, this uh conversation, um, my coworkers are watching Blackfish right now and I told them, well if you're gonna watch you to keep in mind is full bias and it's not real. And they were like, oh, but the beauty, you know, they were talking like, you know, produces stress on animals sound like first of all, I mean, I don't want to sound rude, but I just don't like when people talk like if they know everything don't like, first of all, you don't know when and what is this transparent anymore? You know how experience is stressed as a human. You cannot use that example for animal. And right now with all the pollution and everything is happening. We are technically saving all the animals Kathy t you know, um I have done a lot of research in belugas and well, me, I'm a professor have done a lot of research and there is no no signs that captivity interrupted the correct development of the little girls or everything. So technically kept. It is not in general. It's not an ethical, this is still getting animals to leave their lives as normal. And mm Yeah. And people would just like to infer that they are happy in the ocean, but what's happy for animals in the first place, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You've got to be
SPEAKER_R: So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: careful to not personify the animals and project.
SPEAKER_R: styles. Yeah. Yeah. I just like to share my ideas. You know, open discussion. There are obviously captivity is not 100% perfect, but it could be close to perfect.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And a far cry better than what they would find in the wild, especially if they're injured or you know, they don't have skills.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. With the captain to study, if we can actually study, we can actually know what to do in the wild to help them. Yeah. One of my co workers were like, yeah, I mean if you studying below is Santonio maybe you can, you can do the same. But in the world. And I look at him, look at him and I'm like, dude, you don't know how hard studying animals in a while.
SPEAKER_L: It's impossible.
SPEAKER_R: I tried to do that. Yeah. He was like, oh, but it's supposedly like, no, like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's so expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Especially
SPEAKER_R: You.
SPEAKER_L: when you've got the ocean, the ocean is massive. You're not going to track down whales.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah. I'm like I'm the one to study animals, not you. Yeah. People just like to you know how the last war even when they don't have information about that. Oh yeah. Honey. Um and uh what what do you want to study biology or do you study biology as an undergraduate? I agree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Why? I just really like it. Um I watched a documentary on giant squid and I think the week after that I switched my major from mathematics to biology and that's always been the goal is to study study squid and octopus. And I hope that I can do that in the future. I just need to figure out how to make it work for me um and my my partner how we can make it work together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. I I wanted to do biology because I was sincere in to work in the clinic. But then my own philosophy is that for me? Mental health comfort and fiscal hole. So like oh then I should go something towards that quote, you know saying I love it.
SPEAKER_L: That's great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah now that I got to third Children, there was a lot of things that could apply with them, you know?
SPEAKER_L: And I feel like actually
SPEAKER_R: It was really
SPEAKER_L: with your, you know, being bilingual, you have the capacity to help so many people that are not able to find or get the help that they need, mental health is so important,
SPEAKER_R: I know. Especially
SPEAKER_L: what's going on?
SPEAKER_R: now with the pandemic and everything you know you know all those health workers are going through hard work every day and like oh my God all the mets fulfill the systems that they will need in the future. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. View
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: do you have to work on what
SPEAKER_L: Swedish.
SPEAKER_R: you know what language do they speak in Sweden Swedish? Yeah. Is it hard
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's pretty difficult. Um I
SPEAKER_R: no?
SPEAKER_L: spent the last year that I was there studying pretty well, like pretty pretty thoroughly, I studied for a couple hours a day and I still could never um speak in a way that didn't like okay, so when I spoke Swedish to a Swede, they switched to english because it was just that obvious that, you know, I was a hopeless
SPEAKER_R: being?
SPEAKER_L: american butchering their language, you know? And and now I moved back to the States and I'm like, well I know, I know Swedish and that's super unhelpful here, but uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah was it like do you experience a culture shock in Sweden Sweden?
SPEAKER_L: so much culture shock, but I never felt comfortable. Um I always felt like an inconvenience to like my Swedish friends or like anybody that I interacted with because I had such a hard time with the language um and because the uh the culture is is different, so like in the US, it's really normal that like you talk to people in fine, you make eye contact, you smile, like everybody sort of friendly in general. And that's not the case over there. If you make eye contact, you are looked at like you're a crazy person, you don't talk to people at any, any point, you know, everybody stands at least three ft from each other. Like social distancing was not a thing because everybody explains
SPEAKER_R: And it was already
SPEAKER_L: away.
SPEAKER_R: like that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Um so it was really hard to make friends unfortunately. Um it was really hard to ever feel really comfortable uh in the city, but it was still a really nice place and I still, I'm really glad that we lived there for as long as we did. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: My school yeah it's always good to explore different cultures so far only being here in the U. S. I had the chance to go to new york. The R. C. Pennsylvania texas um new york the and honestly I love texas and I think oh yeah I hate new york. I've been there because uh as a tourist is nice like you're gonna love it because you know it's at one time it's so cool the lives the buildings but I lived there for three months and I almost got depression and I hated it. Yeah I worked
SPEAKER_L: War.
SPEAKER_R: there in Dunkin donuts. Uh Yeah under the table you know in cash because there was no legal way for me to work but
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: they needed
SPEAKER_L: know something,
SPEAKER_R: to work to get some money. Uh People were so rude. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm,
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's such a different culture
SPEAKER_L: this is it.
SPEAKER_R: and it's so business oriented. No they don't really care about manager, they just want to go straight to the point to what they want.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, dealing with people is it's pretty transactional in new york, like you're always doing business business with a smile, but it's always a business thing, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean already got experience from Starbucks so it was kind of nothing new but it was just working in a different culture. No. Um wow,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I don't even, every time I think about new york I'm like no I don't want to be there anymore, I don't want to think about anymore. It was actually my past, I don't want to be there anymore. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well yeah, it's just it's such a different culture.
SPEAKER_L: definitely, mm.
SPEAKER_R: when it comes to social distancing, well for me as a latino, it's really hard to do social distancing because I'm so used to being close to people, you just get to see my country and the people, you can tell that we don't really care about being distant to each other, it's our culture, you know, like you hop onto the bus everything, you know, everyone is like sticking to each other, you know? Yeah, I was just they just let people inside the post no matter how awful it is, they're going to be going to be stuck or you gonna like you're gonna have a lot of bodies around you within you. Yeah it's different. So yeah social distancing. That's not a thing for us. Yeah it was interesting you know you know is your family doing all right during the pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: they're fine. Um I come from a big family of uh trump supporter science deniers, so it's been interesting, I've been trying to, you know, educate how I can, but I'm staying away for the most part it's benefit.
SPEAKER_R: This was a for trump until oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my God. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And it's Yeah, it's just
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah I have some friends who are like that. Uh So I just kinda understand, I want to understand that. I can understand a lot why they will still support someone who clearly is not the best person. Good job.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And you know, it's it's, you tried to love somebody for all the qualities that they have that are good and then they have these giants things that you have an issue with and you're like, well you're my family, so I love you, but
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you're wrong.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I feel yeah. Yeah and my dad were really different. It's not well he's not like all history and it's not like a trump supporter. Probably more about personality. Yeah. When it comes to call to talk with my dad, I can spend many months without talking to him. We love each other. It's just uh just how about the relationship or like they great relationship I would want to have with him. But that's what happened. My parents are divorced so it was hard to you know make both of my parents who work out um at least in my personal life. Well yeah I just have is what the life I had to get. So yeah family at the end it's just family. No they're just gonna be different. No. Um I have many ready for or against against the LGBT community and personal. Yeah. All the things they post on facebook saying that LGBT people are sick and everything. I'm like you don't really know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that. Yeah. My family is pretty much my dad is very anti LGBT. Um and just last year my husband transitioned to being my wife and that has not gone over well. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's it's unfortunate, can't always relate to the people that you love, but kind of do what you do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. The same thing happens with me and my dad. I always question what uh why I like men. Yeah, it's pretty hard. No. Uh uh No, he talked like if being gay is a witness. So at the end I just hear things to say and they leave. Well my mother
SPEAKER_L: that's all, you
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: a. Yeah. Yeah. I remember when I came back from the U. S. He was like, oh uh you get to me uh to meet a nice girl or something that made you change your mind. I'm like well I'm I had nice girls. I met nice girls as friends. You know, they're cool friends. Uh mm. You know, I'm not into women
SPEAKER_L: Have you
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: boys?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I could still feel like I'm like, oh like I don't know. He he tries to set me, but it's not like he would 100% for 100.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There's there's that barrier and you know, that's not your barrier to take down. It's his Yeah, that's just about Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: At the end I just, you know, I'm an adult. My decisions are my decision is not this, so, yeah. Nothing I should be
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: embarrassed about.
SPEAKER_L: Well listen, it's been really great to know you I gotta run. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. It's okay. You know, good luck with everything. Everything's gonna be fine. I wish the best for you and your partner. You know, just keep looking for a job and you'll get it. Yes. Don't don't lose hope.
SPEAKER_L: You too man.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Okay. Thank you. Have
SPEAKER_L: Show
SPEAKER_R: a great date.
SPEAKER_L: by.