Hey, wait I cannot hear you. Let me try to fix it. Sure, can you hear me? I cannot hear you for some reason. Mhm.
But yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay.
I think I was hearing that were static and I couldn't
hear you, that's
why
it's okay, don't worry. Yeah
well if it's your first time in a study like this?
Same,
give me a second
time. Yeah it was pretty cool and when I got in the certification that it was open again and I'm like yeah I'll go
for it, it was fun and it was a good payment. Yeah.
Yeah for real yeah. How are you doing? How's your day going? Okay
that's cool. I miss playing video games, I will be able to play some but I don't have consoles, I have a good internet, so difficult to play online games.
Yeah I mean right now and I'm a retreat center, I was working as a cabin counselor uh here in texas, well I'm in texas right now uh right now we just finished uh summer camp with boys. They were supposed to start girls camp Um for two weeks. But because because of the rise of cases we decided to cancel it. So I still stay here. I'm a volunteer. Well I won't unfortunately I won't get paid because we cancel it and at some point me anymore but well at least I got and I was allowed to stay here and helping whatever I could. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty cool. Um Yeah my school is going to reopen soon so I just have to wait until they let me know when I should come back. You know it's going to be different, it's going to be hybrid learning. So we have got to be a new experience. But no, you know what we can do it just like no mule is every everything is you know about adaptation. Mhm.
It's a clergy. Uh Yeah I have it all major psychology in spanish
the study
vantage.
The school. Yeah. How are you working? Something related to biology right now?
I think uh I'm sorry. Yeah. It's not it's really hard for everyone. You know when when the pandemic happened, I got laid off. I work at Starbucks but then I got laid off because we had to close on the stores. I still I owed a lot of money to university right now and I tried to solve that. Yeah. I mean it affected everyone, it affected everyone even my parents. I'm I'm international student. So I I come from Peru. Yeah.
Yeah. I've been here for already four years. I mean this semester that is about very People see my last one.
Yeah. Uh The international students really hard. We have like a lot of limitations like in order to work here at the between center at the retreat center, I had to pay for a summer class because the only way international student come work of campus has to be through a class, so basically had to pay to work. Yeah.
Yeah, it's so frustrating. But at the end, I mean I'm really thankful thankful to you know, work somewhere, having somewhere that that I can eat and stay even if I don't have income yet, I'm still glad that I got to get a house to sleep and I get some food.
what kind of job jobs have you been applying to?
What?
Mhm.
Yeah. Have you considered just targeting to like, I don't know, customer service positions? And so
the other jobs are taken.
Yeah. Yeah. Don't worry. You know, the the economy is trying to reopen so whatever is there left for you to take this covert?
now. Yeah, we're in the mid, No, I don't even know if we're in the middle of second wave or just started like the thinking about
Covid, I always check the stats every day. I check them by myself. Like check them. And technically we Worldwide we are 50% cure. But we still have a lot of cases, you know, In the us we're
about to hear
one
million
You know, we're about to get three million cases. But from all those cases, one million are recovered. two million are still ill. So yeah, I was trying to see the numbers by myself. You know that psychology major. I learned that and I rely more on what I think that the media tell theme.
in peru I don't know what to say about peru is uh
we apparently I want to say apparently we flattered the curve. I think if we don't do much testing that we should and the culture in my country is now like respectful it's like what happened was happening here. People are not wearing placemats or or you know not doing social distancing and it's kind of the same thing happened in my country village just because people don't have other choice they need to work or they need to um You know be closer people to just do their jobs. Um Yeah thank God my mom my mom wasn't employed to and the mom before depend on me she got a job and then the pandemic started I was like thank God she had a job. Yeah
but it's hard you know I got an employee. I mean I got affected, yeah, I guess I it's not me. I think they taught me to appreciate life a little bit more.
Yeah. Don't know.
What about you? Did you learn something?
And yeah, hopefully there's a Pechstein. No, it's not going to be still near that I wanted, but Hopefully there's going to be some kind of trick. Well there's already some treatments, not 100% effective but at least 40% effective.
Yeah, I know. Even some of my friends uh I saw some post something natural leaving and I scolded them um private channel like what are you doing like in the middle of a pandemic, you're not even wearing face masks and you know like, oh we're going to be fine. I'm like
whatever.
um the day we finished with boys camp, you know, these are richard and that is pretty much isolated from everything so whichever whatever enters here. Um So well if time it is so hard to contract who it mm no to be affected in here because nobody really comes in here unless for a program. So the moment we finished um my coworker said like oh look at some ice cream like we went up, tried to of course we went to Custer I think it was a restaurant we got right through and then we stopped at a park. I didn't know why and then they decided to walk in the park and I'm like oh my God okay I put my face masks and here, well I mean the city of Erbil texas right now nobody was, well even though it's not mandatory nobody is still not wearing place that's like very few people. And I want I was just so panic that would just keep even like a 10 ft distance from everyone.
but
when I get
back to
school yeah when I get back to school I'm basically going to be in the frontline since I need to work. Yeah unfortunately
in a position where I have to work no matter what. So I just wear face nous work follow the procedures and make sure I'll avoid can avoid all the rest. No
mr
it's
just
mm I have many options because as an international student uh well if I finish school and and there's nothing else I can do here I can just I have to go back to my country um I can apply for a your permission of work so basically I could apply for a job related to my major and I will work for uh linda for a year and where my permissions fires. And then I go back. Um And another choice is to apply to grad school because there won't be another intern international Visa. A student Visa for grad school. I'm deciding if that you know I'm thinking if I want to work at least four years, save some money and then I applied to grad school. I want to do either clinical or counseling psychology. No I have I mean I believe I have a good cd. I have a the good grades and I could actually my chances to get there is high. I just have to take the G. R. E. Uh Yeah I'm so annoyed about it. I'm I've been studied today, I study around like two hours a day. I should study more but I'm too lazy. Uh Yeah but also I don't I'm not gonna take it until september, I want to take it on uh I wanna take it next month but I don't have enough money to pay for G. R. E. So I just when I get back I'm going to work some some weeks and then I'll get some money to pay this the exam. Yeah. Um I think that's the main option I want applied to grad school and but I wouldn't know I wouldn't know everything until I wouldn't know anything until March. So. Yeah and are you thinking I'm Fortuna like a PhD program or something?
That's cool.
Yeah
I feel you. Yeah when I came here I saw that question is a thing. Um I came here because I got a scholarship to study in the university scholarship to cover tuition. And the tuition is like 16 k. Uh
per semester. Just create yes
those tense it. And I only have to pay housing, food and everything called well Without tuition, everything I have to pay. It's around 6K. Which is not bad. I mean for a Peruvian like me, but I have to work hard to pay that. Yes. It's hard but it's not a hard hard as other people. Um What what are the people are dealing? I have a lot of friends who have loans. Um I've been considered getting alone but I don't really need one because the money I own is pretty minimal. Yeah. Right now I also listen to K but it's a lot of money is just money that I don't have. So yes, finding ways to get some money. Um So yeah, I didn't know it was a thing I didn't get to do university studies in my country. So I'm pretty familiar with how education is in Dallas University management country. I have siblings that are studying. So they are going through university right now, technically the best universities are the expensive ones in my country. Um um I don't think loan our problem or I think is, I don't, and they rehearsed um, people getting loans in the country. So yeah, when, well, when I can hear the culture was like, you know, culture shock, so which is a little different. There are problems that for me are not problems, but here problems known. Um now with the black, you know them Black lives matters movement and everything. It is so surprising. No, I mean as an international student, I feel that I should not be neutral. You know, I have to uh support whatever uh, is the correct thing to do. Three. Yeah. Being here not me some anything in the future. I want to stay here in the US because I believe that might work as a psychology major will be more significant in here. Um I speak spanish um and I have heard many cases of people who are only spanish speaking and cannot find psychologists who are bilingual. So I think my world will be more significant here and they have like a dream biology job, like a dream job related technology or something else.
Have you done research on like on the animals already or not yet?
Research on animals or not yet?
Mhm.
Normal.
I feel you yeah. Yeah I have seen uh not cases like that, but I ran many things about how to be a good mentor, what not to do. Examples of there are terrible advising so I can see how that comes in. Uh you know, someone who has worked so hard for a pitch doesn't disturb that treatment. Mhm.
Yeah,
I know. Yeah. When it comes to research um even though I want to do counselor clinical, most of my research have been on beluga beluga, whales. Yeah, Yeah, aquatic animals. Um My professor, she the research on belugas and dolphins. Um I just took the opportunity because she announced that she needed an R. A. That was like, why not? Like even though it's not what I want to do. Oh, go for it. And it was really cool. I learned a lot of animal behavior if they call, you know, it's different. It's just so different uh observing animal when you set them. You know, you understand different things. You realize how much people like to infer about animals and you don't um you know, I work well, I don't work. My teachers are partnered with Seaworld san Antonio, Uh, even 20 Texas and she gets footage there to study below this. And also I had a class with her of comparative comparative psychology, which is the psychology that focus more on animal behavior. And we had the chance to evaluate blackfish. Have you heard that documentary?
Yeah. So what we learn is that it's pretty biased if you read what's happening behind it. Like there's a lot of things are ignored or even lied about. And right now, literally a minute before I joined the, this uh conversation, um, my coworkers are watching Blackfish right now and I told them, well if you're gonna watch you to keep in mind is full bias and it's not real. And they were like, oh, but the beauty, you know, they were talking like, you know, produces stress on animals sound like first of all, I mean, I don't want to sound rude, but I just don't like when people talk like if they know everything don't like, first of all, you don't know when and what is this transparent anymore? You know how experience is stressed as a human. You cannot use that example for animal. And right now with all the pollution and everything is happening. We are technically saving all the animals Kathy t you know, um I have done a lot of research in belugas and well, me, I'm a professor have done a lot of research and there is no no signs that captivity interrupted the correct development of the little girls or everything. So technically kept. It is not in general. It's not an ethical, this is still getting animals to leave their lives as normal. And mm Yeah. And people would just like to infer that they are happy in the ocean, but what's happy for animals in the first place, you know? Yeah.
So yeah.
styles. Yeah. Yeah. I just like to share my ideas. You know, open discussion. There are obviously captivity is not 100% perfect, but it could be close to perfect.
Yeah. With the captain to study, if we can actually study, we can actually know what to do in the wild to help them. Yeah. One of my co workers were like, yeah, I mean if you studying below is Santonio maybe you can, you can do the same. But in the world. And I look at him, look at him and I'm like, dude, you don't know how hard studying animals in a while.
I tried to do that. Yeah. He was like, oh, but it's supposedly like, no, like
it's so expensive.
You.
I know. Yeah. I'm like I'm the one to study animals, not you. Yeah. People just like to you know how the last war even when they don't have information about that. Oh yeah. Honey. Um and uh what what do you want to study biology or do you study biology as an undergraduate? I agree. Yeah.
Yeah. That's cool. I I wanted to do biology because I was sincere in to work in the clinic. But then my own philosophy is that for me? Mental health comfort and fiscal hole. So like oh then I should go something towards that quote, you know saying I love it.
Yeah now that I got to third Children, there was a lot of things that could apply with them, you know?
It was really
I know. Especially
now with the pandemic and everything you know you know all those health workers are going through hard work every day and like oh my God all the mets fulfill the systems that they will need in the future. Uh
Yeah. View
do you have to work on what
you know what language do they speak in Sweden Swedish? Yeah. Is it hard
no?
being?
Well yeah was it like do you experience a culture shock in Sweden Sweden?
And it was already
like that. Uh huh.
My school yeah it's always good to explore different cultures so far only being here in the U. S. I had the chance to go to new york. The R. C. Pennsylvania texas um new york the and honestly I love texas and I think oh yeah I hate new york. I've been there because uh as a tourist is nice like you're gonna love it because you know it's at one time it's so cool the lives the buildings but I lived there for three months and I almost got depression and I hated it. Yeah I worked
there in Dunkin donuts. Uh Yeah under the table you know in cash because there was no legal way for me to work but
they needed
to work to get some money. Uh People were so rude. Yeah.
Oh it's such a different culture
and it's so business oriented. No they don't really care about manager, they just want to go straight to the point to what they want.
Yeah I mean already got experience from Starbucks so it was kind of nothing new but it was just working in a different culture. No. Um wow,
I don't even, every time I think about new york I'm like no I don't want to be there anymore, I don't want to think about anymore. It was actually my past, I don't want to be there anymore. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well yeah, it's just it's such a different culture.
when it comes to social distancing, well for me as a latino, it's really hard to do social distancing because I'm so used to being close to people, you just get to see my country and the people, you can tell that we don't really care about being distant to each other, it's our culture, you know, like you hop onto the bus everything, you know, everyone is like sticking to each other, you know? Yeah, I was just they just let people inside the post no matter how awful it is, they're going to be going to be stuck or you gonna like you're gonna have a lot of bodies around you within you. Yeah it's different. So yeah social distancing. That's not a thing for us. Yeah it was interesting you know you know is your family doing all right during the pandemic?
This was a for trump until oh
my God. Mhm.
mm. Yeah I have some friends who are like that. Uh So I just kinda understand, I want to understand that. I can understand a lot why they will still support someone who clearly is not the best person. Good job.
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah I feel yeah. Yeah and my dad were really different. It's not well he's not like all history and it's not like a trump supporter. Probably more about personality. Yeah. When it comes to call to talk with my dad, I can spend many months without talking to him. We love each other. It's just uh just how about the relationship or like they great relationship I would want to have with him. But that's what happened. My parents are divorced so it was hard to you know make both of my parents who work out um at least in my personal life. Well yeah I just have is what the life I had to get. So yeah family at the end it's just family. No they're just gonna be different. No. Um I have many ready for or against against the LGBT community and personal. Yeah. All the things they post on facebook saying that LGBT people are sick and everything. I'm like you don't really know.
Well yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. The same thing happens with me and my dad. I always question what uh why I like men. Yeah, it's pretty hard. No. Uh uh No, he talked like if being gay is a witness. So at the end I just hear things to say and they leave. Well my mother
in
a. Yeah. Yeah. I remember when I came back from the U. S. He was like, oh uh you get to me uh to meet a nice girl or something that made you change your mind. I'm like well I'm I had nice girls. I met nice girls as friends. You know, they're cool friends. Uh mm. You know, I'm not into women
so.
Yeah. And I could still feel like I'm like, oh like I don't know. He he tries to set me, but it's not like he would 100% for 100.
Yeah.
At the end I just, you know, I'm an adult. My decisions are my decision is not this, so, yeah. Nothing I should be
embarrassed about.
Thank you. It's okay. You know, good luck with everything. Everything's gonna be fine. I wish the best for you and your partner. You know, just keep looking for a job and you'll get it. Yes. Don't don't lose hope.
Mm. Okay. Thank you. Have
a great date.