Mhm.
How about now? Yeah.
What?
I'm
sorry.
Yeah.
Um This is my second time doing this study,
you
know,
What?
bucks.
I pretty much spent the whole day playing video games so I can't complain, you know,
bomber.
mean a place to stay. That's pretty cool.
are you what are you studying?
Very
nine.
Um No I I graduated recently with my master's degree in Biology.
Oh I wish um I got my degree in Sweden. Um I went over there for the whole program and then um my partner was doing their PhD over there and decided that it wasn't working. So we came back uh mid March, right in the middle of a pandemic. Um And have not we haven't been able to find any jobs unfortunately.
Right on.
So you're doing you're doing you're paying international these that's rough.
that's so frustrating.
You get the whole experience yeah.
Okay. Um Pretty much basic
like scientific aid positions where I can assist senior scientist with research or data collection or even doing like data entry or proof reading scientific journals would be our scientific articles would be good. Um But the biology market in California is ultra saturated right now. Um So like there are PhD people with phds running around snatching up all these minimum wage positions and I'm going no and really?
Uh huh.
Hi.
Yeah. Yeah we're considering it. Um We're fortunate enough that my partner and I have enough savings that we can like hang out while we search for jobs. Um But if we don't find something pretty soon I think we're going to go you know apply to Target and Home Depot.
yeah it'll be good. I'm hoping that maybe we can wait long enough that like the second wave of Covid is gone. Yeah.
No.
you
don't have
to do
it. Mhm.
definitely a good plan.
Yeah
Yeah.
That's really good.
Yeah that's
about Covid uh that we should stop say avoiding it like the plague because people can't do it. Yeah.
yeah but I mean even I feel like even people are refusing just flat out refusing to do the bare minimum to keep themselves and other people safe. Uh And that's pretty disappointing cursing.
I've
got friends inviting me out for like pedicures and let's go to the park and let's go to the beach and I'm like, absolutely not. There is no way, mm.
Yeah, that's smart. It's
the same here. Nobody
wearing
mask.
Mhm.
So what are your
plans for after school? You want to stay
in texas?
So you want to go back to peru and you want to go somewhere else?
Not really a PhD, I thought for a little while that I was going to start another Master's program doing mechanical Engineering.
but then we came back to the States um
and the cost of tuition even as a as you know, a resident is pretty outrageous. Uh doing the program over in Sweden, the master's program, it costs me less money to like move my life over there, lived there for two years and pay the tuition than it was for just the tuition at a lot of the California schools. Oh
and
Oh.
I would really like to do research on squid and octopus. That's been my dream for quite a long time. Um
Have I done what?
I did I did a lot of research on um fish from my master's degree. Yeah. Um But I couldn't really break into you know studying squid octopus and Sweden because there are none up there. Um
So my original plan was to graduate with a master's degree, wait for my partner to get their PhD. And then we would move to Hawaii and I would go get my PhD um studying cephalopods there. Um But watching my partner being a PhD was really hard. It really opened my eyes to the academic demands and the social demands and just all the stuff that goes on. It's sort of
killed my interest in getting a PhD really like I know that wherever I go it would be a different, a completely different experience. She ended up in a really bad um lab with a very poor advisor um and had essentially the funding pulled right out from under her, so we had to, you know, stop the PhD halfway through. Um But man, do I not want to have anything to do with any of that?
yeah. And
PhD students are really put through the wringer with the demands made on them for, you know, definitely not as much money as they deserve. They do so much work
Yeah, I have, I watched it.
You've got to be
careful to not personify the animals and project.
yeah. And a far cry better than what they would find in the wild, especially if they're injured or you know, they don't have skills.
It's impossible.
No.
Especially
when you've got the ocean, the ocean is massive. You're not going to track down whales.
Why? I just really like it. Um I watched a documentary on giant squid and I think the week after that I switched my major from mathematics to biology and that's always been the goal is to study study squid and octopus. And I hope that I can do that in the future. I just need to figure out how to make it work for me um and my my partner how we can make it work together. Yeah.
That's great. Yeah.
And I feel like actually
with your, you know, being bilingual, you have the capacity to help so many people that are not able to find or get the help that they need, mental health is so important,
what's going on?
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
Swedish.
Yeah, it's it's pretty difficult. Um I
spent the last year that I was there studying pretty well, like pretty pretty thoroughly, I studied for a couple hours a day and I still could never um speak in a way that didn't like okay, so when I spoke Swedish to a Swede, they switched to english because it was just that obvious that, you know, I was a hopeless
american butchering their language, you know? And and now I moved back to the States and I'm like, well I know, I know Swedish and that's super unhelpful here, but uh yeah,
so much culture shock, but I never felt comfortable. Um I always felt like an inconvenience to like my Swedish friends or like anybody that I interacted with because I had such a hard time with the language um and because the uh the culture is is different, so like in the US, it's really normal that like you talk to people in fine, you make eye contact, you smile, like everybody sort of friendly in general. And that's not the case over there. If you make eye contact, you are looked at like you're a crazy person, you don't talk to people at any, any point, you know, everybody stands at least three ft from each other. Like social distancing was not a thing because everybody explains
away.
Um so it was really hard to make friends unfortunately. Um it was really hard to ever feel really comfortable uh in the city, but it was still a really nice place and I still, I'm really glad that we lived there for as long as we did. Yeah,
War.
You
know something,
mm hmm,
this is it.
Yeah, dealing with people is it's pretty transactional in new york, like you're always doing business business with a smile, but it's always a business thing, yeah.
yeah,
definitely, mm.
they're fine. Um I come from a big family of uh trump supporter science deniers, so it's been interesting, I've been trying to, you know, educate how I can, but I'm staying away for the most part it's benefit.
Yeah.
And it's Yeah, it's just
Right. And you know, it's it's, you tried to love somebody for all the qualities that they have that are good and then they have these giants things that you have an issue with and you're like, well you're my family, so I love you, but
you're wrong.
Yeah, that's that. Yeah. My family is pretty much my dad is very anti LGBT. Um and just last year my husband transitioned to being my wife and that has not gone over well. Uh
So it's it's unfortunate, can't always relate to the people that you love, but kind of do what you do.
that's all, you
know.
Have you
boys?
Yeah. There's there's that barrier and you know, that's not your barrier to take down. It's his Yeah, that's just about Yeah.
Yeah.
definitely.
Well listen, it's been really great to know you I gotta run. Uh
You too man.
Show
by.