Okay.
Hello?
Hi.
I don't know. Yeah, I
was there
just went out what
the worst.
Uh honestly, uh I remember I went down a lot of uh video
service and a little bit of a
well that's uh
Yeah. You too, mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Is that clear?
I cannot hear. I'm different. What? Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you for
Yeah, I don't know
after.
Yeah, I'm okay, but you know, I think that is make us a better place. Uh Yeah,
I can hear you.
Yeah. Mhm. I think there's something wrong with that that the headset or microphone, I don't hear you. Okay. Yeah.
I'm going to turn out their life. Maybe you get your very
Uh and here around any
Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
What? The apartment? Yeah.
Yeah, I can hear right now. Yeah.
that's
perfect.
Mhm.
mean everything is fine, like it's kind of becoming a normal life for me at the beginning, very beginning I just felt a little bit boring, but right now I'm getting you straight here. That's good.
Yeah, I agree. I agree. Because yeah, I'm kind of a person like uh like to go out a little bit and walk here and there and talk to friends. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
huh.
Uh Honestly, yeah, I don't have one specific thing, but I just want to go back to the normal that Uh huh
I'm
trying to move to a different state. So yeah, I have a lot of stuff to do actually by august I should be moving actually. I have a
bunch of stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. Honestly, I don't have any idea how to travel. Like maybe some, some borders will be still closed. I really don't know what to do actually. Uh Yeah. Right.
That's that's the thing. Yeah. I cannot ask her from friend either. Like they also kind of it's talk so yeah.
Mhm.
I'm
still
in the planning stage. Yeah. Like I mean I talked to something that are my there are some friends living uh my place that I'm moving to like so I talked to them and like I'm figuring out stuff here. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. I don't like to move there, but this is uh necessary.
I
have
to because moving to a new school like yeah, I have to do it in the in the in the for the next
four minutes, four. Yeah.
I'm excited. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, like the school said that like they will be moving back
to
the normal like face to face classes. Uh
they are planning
but still we don't have any
idea what would happen uh within this month or next month or like later because still it's not it's not under control I think the corona cases not under under control yet.
It's gonna be, yeah, it's gonna be that I guess. Maybe, maybe not. Uh huh,
Yeah, that, yeah, that's actually I have no idea what would happen. Yeah, kind of, I think like like there are some like a statistical models, like some of them uh have predicted like if there are some control
like steak on modern and stuff like that after may maybe june this will be a little bit okay. But as you said, like once the things are going back to normal, they're always there would be a possibility of second break second outbreak. Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh Yeah, that, that is that
that
could be, yeah, that could be the case. Yeah. Yeah,
that's true actually. I honestly don't have any idea like yeah, but this this thing is like kind of, I think like the virus itself is like, like the covid or the coronavirus family is like, it doesn't exist like in the air, like the normal flu. So there is a possibility that we can get rid of this one totally if he can control it very
well. Or
if you find a find a cure, like a vaccination or something like that. But still the normal flu cannot
be controlled like that because you can get it from the environment. But this covid
thing, it's not like that. I think there's a slight difference between those two and that's why different making a big difference at the end I guess.
Yeah, I hear you.
That's true. Yeah, that's that's actually yeah, it's very scary thing like yeah we have the corona and then there is no cure. Yeah,
we don't know
the future.
What?
you know uh I live in a small like
a neighborhood like you know like a small town like I can just walk her outside a little bit and I usually other than that I usually watch netflix so who
like that's that's and then talk to family that comes from a tree Lanka. So like I live here usa but like I talked to family and then talk to friends over the phone or WhatsApp maybe. Yes,
that's pretty much.
And then, uh, I have some uh research projects going on, like it's not like super busy but still I have to do a little bit uh work
so things are smooth to relax. I just watch something or just go around
work
or have around like something like that. Yeah,
okay. These days. Honestly, I'm like, uh, I was watching uh this tv show called Blacklist on netflix and uh, you know, I'm just, this is, I'm working a new one uh for normal people. Like I really like it's kind of very realistic, represents a real society I guess. Did you get the chance to uh see that like normal people trailer at least?
That's,
that's nice. I guess that's a nice one.
Dave. Uh
I
didn't want to,
I think. Yeah.
mm hmm.
Uh Oh yeah. Yes, I heard
about it actually. I did I didn't see like I should actually because I already finished blacklist all the seasons available. So yeah, I should actually move to something like that.
It sounds interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean it's gonna be a little bit different type of for like show that I usually watch. Like I usually watch like uh you know, like some uh trailing ones like oh like stuff like agents or c I like conspired theory and stuff like that, like sci fi. Maybe I'm kind of like that, but I should I should try that again. Yeah, I like that too.
huh.
Good.
Maybe
I did not get to see any trailer or anything.
Yeah. Maybe I'm not family give it there.
Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Yeah.
Is that concept?
Okay. I mean I'm not I mean I'm not a
big fan of the live shows like concert but I I definitely like uh is it? I like music too. Yeah.
Oh I have like a mm a wide range actually. I like I like uh classics too.
broke all all through like uh yeah like depending on my mood, I can I can listen to a lot of things here but like when you study are you usually listen to most of those classic things like vito no mazar and stuff like that. I mean I want to
just
chill a little bit like without thinking about anything just for fun then I might pop or rap
or
maybe rock maybe. Yeah.
I'm not good at like playing in humans but if I were to learn
something, I would definitely learn guitar or like while in something like that.
It takes time to practice a lot and then like it's actually
it should maybe should be talented like my good I guess. I mean like it's it's kind of hard to start music without any any talent.
I mean I don't know for me, I feel like that whenever I try to uh then something an instrument or something like
I
want to feel that I'm not good at it
really makes me frustrated.
Yeah. That was good. Yeah. Those people people who are good at really good at them like they spent their whole life for them like that's become their life.
What's
that?
Why
did you look at,
what
does
it look like?
yeah. Yeah. Ok. Ok. Yeah. I mean some people call it like mouth program, is that I know, I really don't know the name actually. Yeah.
Maybe.
That's it.
Okay. Yeah. Cool. That's that's interesting. Yeah. So uh I like like I mean are you a student
or
like
doing a job or like?
Yeah, that's that's a that's a good decision. Like I'm
actually
I said I'm gonna start schooling like again
like
uh fall actually, I'm gonna start my PhD in the in the in this fall. Yeah.
Thanks. Yeah, but I know it's it's a lot of work, had a lot of work, but anyway, I think, I mean my goal is I just want to finish everything as soon as possible and then move to my normal life,
Do
it.
Mm hmm. Yeah, I mean, yeah, because it depends on the, on the field that you are in and like uh because in my face like I really like I'm doing a mathematics. So it's uh I think uh I just want to go to their, yeah, academic feel like not to the industry. So, so it's fair for me to get the PhD as soon as possible. So for for someone else like who's doing business or like uh something like that may below maybe something like that. They would probably choose to go to industry and like money and like the industry experience make them perfect. But matt serious theories every day. Yeah.
Right.
Then
I'm operated
then. Yeah. Then being back. Okay. I would enjoy life after that. Then find a job maybe somewhere in the universe. Video like research institute and then just chill a little bit.
You have any specific questions or anything like we can discuss you.
Okay. That that's actually actually, it's nice to talk to you. It was really cool. I really enjoyed talking to you. Thank you.
Yeah. So again I watch your name again. I forgot. Maybe I didn't say if you don't
get
it.
Say
Give Me three. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Give
it to you. My gosh.
Perfect.
Yeah. You too, man. You too. Thanks
for calling.
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. And city.