hello. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh You are
yeah. Oh man I didn't actually think anybody was gonna show up. I got
I
was
man
so how is this have you ever done one of these? How is this supposed to go?
I'm
sorry
I'm having a little trouble hearing you hold on let me see if I can grab your headphones if that might make it a little better. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay everything because
where is it? Okay.
Hello? All right. Uh I guess it's uh it was just a mic it sounded a little fuzzy at first but it sounds a little better now. Okay. Um
Say that's why I was asking so yeah they really didn't give us any prompts on what we're supposed to talk about. Yeah
okay that's fine. Uh
I guess we can go through like some basic so uh how is how is Covid and everything been going for you? Have you been adjusting to this new lifestyle we all got to live. Uh
we see it goes up. Maybe that's what I'll do when you, when you're speaking. I'll just plug it in so I can hear you in that way. Uh because it gets a little feedback when you're going, but I guess can you hear me okay? I
feel. Let me see. So I'm going to try and like when you're talking that way, I can hear you. I'll just put this in.
Yeah. I wonder why it's not working. Because I can I can hear you fine through it, but I can't really hear you when you're speaking on this. Like, just my computer. It gives a little feedback like when you're talking about it.
Yeah. Okay. Let me see. Let me see if there's a mm hmm. All right. So go ahead. Try saying something now.
Yeah. No, I think that was my everything, but it's okay. Let me try one more set of headphones to see a better hope. Uh lisa's killing some of the time. That's actually Mhm.
Listen, Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Can you hear me now?
Alright, that's perfect. And you're coming
through were
clear. Yes,
sir. All right. So yeah, that's why I was asking. Uh I'm not sure if you got a chance to say it, but how has everything been going for you with Covid right now? Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, same here. I've just been that's been one of like the hardest thing to do is getting used to being in the house for so long, like.
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. Most like going and hanging out with friends and being able to like go get food and go to different restaurants. It's just we gotta settle for when I talk to my friends and now it's like the best thing we do is space time calls. Like that's really been a Yeah.
What are you looking forward to? What's like the first thing you're looking forward to when everything opens back up?
Same
here.
man.
Mhm. How how has that process been trying to like get everything together and like pack and like move to a different state while everything is going on? I feel like that's got to be kind of hard.
Are you gonna be able to find like someone to help you right now with everything going on? Like I feel like we're all gonna be shut off from each other so I feel like it's gonna be hard to get help.
Oh man.
You yeah. What a that's that's that's a lot. Have you already like been able to get in contact with the place that you're moving to next or is it just like you're
still kind of
in the planning stages?
A man.
Honestly, that is that is the hardest thing. I am not a fan of moving. Oh.
this
is
her.
Problem.
school, That's good. You excited that? Ah man,
that's that's got to be tough. How is everything like hopefully everything's back to normal by then? But like with school I got a couple of friends who are taking classes and they they had to adjust to completely doing everything online for the end of this semester.
Thank
you.
we are
getting
No.
no, now I'm definitely, with so many places starting to open back up, it's it's definitely I'm worried about like how bad that second wave is about to be. Yeah.
Yeah. Like yeah, the biggest, my biggest concern, I've been like trying to watch the news and see some of the states that said they're opening up first in places like florida and Georgia. Like they have a lot of tourism coming to the areas. I'm definitely worried about how they're gonna, what the numbers are going to look like from there. And will this cause um like nationwide to be shut down again? Like are they going to do the same things to actually like have a stricter um shelter and place orders?
Why?
Yeah. Mhm. I'm definitely, I'm definitely just trying to be optimistic about everything right now because this this new lifestyle has been an adjustment and hopefully hopefully the other states will serve as a case. Like they're doing things smarter. So um everywhere
everywhere else opening back up won't be as bad. Like one of the one of the perspectives that I basically was reading on it that this is going to be basically a new disease and circulation. Like it's going to be an annual thing. Like it will have its highs and lows kind of like the flu season.
And
that.
Mhm.
But it's
better.
Do
what?
Yeah. I honestly think it's going to be uh what's that mean? Hello?
Oh, the camera went out. Sorry. Um No, honestly, I'm at this point I'm just kinda kind of trying to stay patient. I just want the media to go ahead and give some or the new sources that I look at to give like a decent outline of when they will actually have like a vaccination. That's that's reliable. I know that's that's probably at least like two years away. So that's what, that's what makes it even more nervous for me.
Yeah.
No.
Uh What? Well, yeah,
I'm patient. What has like before corona? What were some things that you actually did? Just just for fun just to relax? Yeah.
Medical
Girl.
Yeah.
What?
Right.
For
our home.
Well, what is uh what's your favorite show to watch on Hulu or netflix?
Uh No, I haven't. I'll have to go and check it out.
I haven't.
I've been watching on hulu. I've been watching the show called Dave.
It's about the the rap artist named little Dickie. Yeah it
was definitely
funny
and on netflix. What I've I've been I've been watching like um a
lot of my friends got me to watch Tiger King
teach
Yeah it was definitely it's it's so wild. But it was one of those like once you get into it it's so hard to look away. It had me like.
Yeah I it was it was so funny. Like the only reason I started watching is because I kept seeing like my friends kept talking about it than being online seeing all the different means. It felt like I had already watched it. Yeah like that's that's the one thing about social media.
Yeah. See I definitely need to watch like I've been I've been slacking on my tv watching. I I tried to get into a bunch of stuff that I hadn't seen. Like I try and watch the movies that I haven't watched before. Sure
like what did I recently watched? Um what does it be Quentin Quentin Tarantino movies like I'm trying to go through and watch those like a pulp fiction and things like that, the action movies and uh what is it, the sonic movie that came out? Yeah so the video
game. Right
so
Thank you.
Yeah I am I don't know really when I watch tv I just kind of try and watch what my friends are watching so we could have that common common background so we could watch talk about the same thing.
I know there between that and like you said I do some of the same stuff just so I can relax like uh getting out, walking around as much as I can go into the park, trying trying to run. My favorite, one of my favorite things was like going to a gym and lifting weights, like it was definitely a fun time, but with Covid and everything like we actually I know gyms are going to be opening soon and it's just like I'm I'm not comfortable enough to head back just yet between that and yeah, I asked you what, what you were looking forward to. I think what I'm looking forward to is like um on top of being able to get out and see friends, I want to try and get some more concerts. That was something I never really got a chance to do. A lot of like,
yeah, like music concerts, that's that's definitely something I want to do more of.
All
Um What's your what's your favorite kind of music to listen to?
You know. Sure.
Their
life is
Well
actually
Yeah. What do you play? Any instruments? What?
Good.
Yeah. Let's see when I was younger I tried to like get a guitar and start playing it was it was way more harder than it looked. Mhm. Like
thanks.
Experience.
Thank
you
there. Well, we
Oh yeah, same. Like I was this was like when I started I was probably what 12 years old and 12-15 I was trying it like I picked it up. It was just one of those things like you said I was watching a bunch of music videos and that was like the popular thing when you were younger and seeing it on tv seeing all these guys and bands and playing guitars, I was like man that looks so cool and I had no idea how much time it would take to learn. Like I thought uh maybe in a few months I could be good but it's like talking to my friends who really know how to play, it's like years of work that you got to put in in order to like learn how to play an instrument really well, and I was like no,
I don't know honestly, I said like now that I'm older and I understand how much time it would have to go into learning something like that. I said eventually I want to like by one of those uh standalone keyboards and learn how to like practice playing the keyboard so I can work my way up and like, I don't know, eventually play on like big pianos and that kind of thing. Mhm. Between that or I said something that I started researching a while ago was um the harmonica like right?
I
was I was looking at that and it seemed like really easy to play like
easy.
Huh? It's
the
little
like the rectangle thing that you like. Good.
That's that's kind of what I want to play. Get one of those because it seems like something you don't need as much training as the other ones. And people
said it's like you can kind of um you can freestyle and play what you want a lot easier than regular instruments. Like the other things you got to kind of learn the um the notes and like get it down,
but once you kind of get the rhythm of playing with it back and forth, you'll you'll be able to understand it easier.
here we
didn't
go there.
Uh I graduated like oh man, three years ago, so I'm not that long out of school, so I've just been working after graduation. Yeah, I said eventually I may go back and try and get like my doctor degree, but that it's too much work, I'm I'm kind of enjoying this life of just working right now. I kind of want to like save up some money and then like when it's time I want to be able to make that same kind of decision and be able to move and not stress it, I want to just go to school and also like make sure I get everything completely paid for.
No
call you get here
you
think?
man. Nice.
see that's what I was thinking, but how you
were kind
of mentioning like my my biggest fear about school like is the research aspect going back for that PhD I know like once year at that final level and most people like they're either trying to teach or they completely want their focus to be researched and I was like, I'm not that fond of research, like I, like when I graduated, like I just mentioned it was my massive program and I was like, it was tough doing that research part, like I can do classes, but knowing that the PhD part of life is like for the rest of life, you're going to have to be like submitting grants and getting money for a program and bringing that back to your school. I was like, I'm not sure if I'm ready to make that mindset shift in writing all those papers.
yeah, he say uh that's that's kinda, I would be in the stem field like more science, so that's where I'd be at a time and the papers I know that's a challenge that I have to get back into the rhythm of, I don't know um but I definitely, I definitely wish you all the luck with that. I know it's going to be a fun journey for you uh
and I'm sure you seem like you're relatively young and you're going straight through it so you already know the word and at least you're knocking it out the way right now so that's the other benefit like you said, you're just trying to get it all the way done so you will be
able
to get on.
I got you. Well I just looked and it looks like our time just hit up. Oh yeah,
uh No, I can't think of anything else. It seemed like. Yeah, I think that's it.
It was nice to meet you.
the
same.
Oh yeah, it's fine demetrius
Dimitri
hi
lisa.
My eyes all right.
Nice to meet you man.
And good
luck with school and enjoy, enjoy as soon as you're moving process. I wish you nothing but the best look.
Yeah. Stay safe. Bye.