Hello? Hi.
Okay, so we're supposed to talk like 15 minutes only
man. Anyone? Oh, so
uh I'm from Los Angeles.
So how is uh shadows going with COVID-19 is everything called cover? Yeah.
The
way
we hear every since mandate, if you go outside you need to wear a mass. Yes.
Way
way.
32
way.
So what do you do for a living?
that's awesome. Well,
I'm a civil engineer, so yeah, so yeah, I work at a port of Long Beach, so what I did is I just upgrade their infrastructure. Yeah. Yeah.
sounds more excited.
Yes, I did. Yeah.
I don't not yet. Do you have kids?
it's probably time, I think
commission,
Yeah, it's very good. Especially in this, uh, I don't know, the economy is really very tough and yeah, yeah, it's
very difficult for people to, I don't know where some kids, but on their part like that's what we're thinking. I said save a little bit more. I can't
do anything
like a 28 Yeah.
In
Yeah, I heard after, you know, I got married, I heard it's very kevin colt. Okay.
Oh yeah, doesn't that
so would you, I guess uh usually do besides us, who does all the work?
People,
But you learn friends then, you know how to speak spanish.
No
wow,
man. Like what's the difference between the paris and the United States, mm.
You
know
what?
it's
like Really?
do
you think?
Thanks.
definitely, I mean, yeah, I've been a lot of other different countries, but I felt United States more work oriented, Everything's
worked around, everything is about work, pretty much like composition is all about work.
What's your name?
No, actually, I'm from china origin. It, yeah,
that's good, yeah,
thank
you. That's very much,
Yeah, it's kind of
entered.
isn't it?
Oh italy Italians a little bit different, it's difficult I guess, ended up what?
can't help. Well, so you must be very like why the italian,
why
is why,
yeah, The Italian one is very different than a french wine. Yeah.
County.
uh era has a similar city called venice, they try to copycat violence by their failed, Yeah, but
there's a city
uh it's close
to know it's in L. A.
City of venice is exactly spell the same as Italy venice and that.
Yeah, so you can look at a long line and they try to copycat the venice living style was like a little rivers and boats, but I failed miserably. But anyway, so uh some
yeah, but everybody goes to it, this would be a very trendy area, but right now cova so yes, no, nobody there, but you know, if you after recovery, if you have time and just go there too, does it? It's pretty cool, I think. Yeah.
Thanks.
Right. Yeah, I think we'll be okay. Yeah. Uh yeah, you're you're really is cool. That's what I want to go there to visit. Especially the friends maybe spent of course, Is it a protocol? Right? Yeah, right next to a span,
yeah.
mm. And my car
on my count, Macau is
a city uh used to colonized by Portugal and the earlier area, a very small town in china. Yeah, but
yeah, they build a lot of casino there, so it's similar to Nevada, las Vegas.
Uh I've been several times, but it was okay,
it's like a four or five hours drive,
you too, yeah.
Mhm. It's in here, I mean, yeah, and they start to talk about work,
It's
Uh
so
good.
Yeah, how about I think how all the people, I think it's blended was family oriented and work oriented, but
exactly, yeah, the bigger metropolitan cities, they're more focused on money making money, a small towns more in a family oriented. Mhm.
Yeah it's okay I think I think that war is changing right now. Yeah.
Uh A little nervous but and also become more adaptive because you have to do it. No you can just I'll change I think especially in here you always change like very significant actually so
probably Mhm
don't don't worry. Yeah so probably like five years ago mindset maybe you know they were like oh every single will be the same for a long time, after five years you will say you know what up to church,
what
do you
think used to be around March and april the protest
ever? Yeah but right now is pretty calm down,
let's see here
I heard
about
that.
So I drove all the vehicles away. Yeah it's all the video too.
Or
here
too?
I used to work in the problem I think the problem is that the politicians don't want to talk about it because that the politician has a certain term and when they work from their turn they after finish their turn they won't be elected so they want to leave something like a system two camo themselves to make a higher position. But when you deal with self honest people is like a very long issues, you're not going to accomplish anything during your time. So that's why all the politicians at least in California and Los Angeles and I won't talk about it and they won't do anything about because that's pretty much like a terra and for their political
career so they just I didn't pay attention at all until right now everything exploded like out of control. So so that the suddenly started doing something, but it's too late. Everything is very expensive. There's no space for, not even for people who live in here.
Yes, all the time.
It's
called
role.
hmm.
Yeah, same here. I think uh no profit organization, they set it up like the city center so they can shower and
cook there and they provide their
food.
I think government right now indirectly have done instead of directly provide something, but they support local nonprofit organization. So they set up some like a station even though they live in a tent, they provide a basic basic living surprise, like the shower foods. And
there is a volunteer there to help them. Sure right now because the Cuban Association, but before I actually work in uh honest people some some of the program in the city so I observed that it's free. It's a little bit helpful because the community can get the basic please. What? Yeah but still very hard to control the population is very hard to reduce that. The wholeness issues there's there is literally no like the solutions pretty much it's like see the, can we do anything and they right now what they did is they force the local community to open their criminal housing or like temporary shelters for homeless people. They're forced to do it grows local residents not gonna do it so they just start building a house for them.
Yeah. Something in Los Angeles right now. The rain is crazy. Everything's crazy. Can re apart even you know you have a job really. Mhm. By any house like, oh any pretty much all the salaries going to invent it to in order to purchase a house, but even then, you know right now housing president so high you can do anything about.
Yeah. Yeah. That sucks.
Yeah. Uh here the biggest problem is drugs and also mental issues.
The position.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a, that's a huge problem actually. Uh all these people, the population, there is majority is a mental problems. Uh huh. And the mental problems partly related to drugs office.
Thanks
for
calling.
Okay. Yeah. I don't know why that happened because the mental issues, especially in West Coast, it's really have your impact by all the communities, not just, you know, the whole populations, but also regular people. So many mental issues that there's not. Hello?
And depressions to
Congrats.
nobody
knows you anymore.
Yeah. I do feel like uh the physical war is more an ominous than internet, like the digital world, digital war is more like no privacy at all. Like everything's open pretty much,
Yeah, I think that's a, I'm not sure if that's the issue all, that's the track. Mhm.
Mhm. So what kind of like italian why? Like, like, yeah, what
kind
of
county
King purchase in the United States? So you have to purchase from
county
Uh they have a liquor shop, they have a liquor section in the grocery store, like whole foods or trader jones. Oh, you
can
I don't think about it all. There's a praise called Ecoli. Okay. Italy.
Mm. No, it's spelled like eat and then Callie E
Yeah, he's like a plan word,
but that is the brand of the restaurant. So they actually had a lot of like a decent one from uh imported from easily and spend. So and also there's a there's some shot from Italy as well. I don't know that it seems that way.
No, not at all. What makes
you,
Yeah, I've been to twice in new york,
you know, achieve Manhattan like the Lower Manhattan up around 146th Street, so.
anna
Oh no, I had a question. So what's the difference between Long Island and because I've never been for a long time,
I mean,
thanks.
mm we'll miss you moved from new york to Seattle, what makes you to move call new york?
Well,
you can't
what?
That's right.
Right, that's amazing, wow. What I experienced?
yeah,
Actually uh 12 years. Yeah, you're right. Uh huh.
I think half and half american you learn a different cultural was just kind of excited at the beginning. I think china is cool too. Um you can do a lot of stuff in china as well right now, especially right now I
think
uh I think the economy is getting better compared with october years ago.
and I think small opening, I think to
Morning,
Uh I think because the, you know,
No,
not really. I think what happened is that china economy, I think they're growing, so a lot of stuff is made from
china, there's a lot of manufacturers, Yeah, but you know, they really can't compete because there's a lot of heavy environmental law.
exactly, yeah, so that's why I guess there is some dispute between price of the curtain. No.
I think in 25 minutes already. Right.
That's
how can you do you too? You have a nice
day.
You too, Bye.