Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let me Oops. Uh huh. Each That was not good, goddamn it. Uh I'm just not good at this. I don't like computers like I don't know computers anymore. It's annoying. Open a new tab. Mhm and go, okay, ah shit. Already went to the next page. Well, that's okay. I got it, said not to do it before you open, it's open. So two minutes, I'm just waiting. Open it. Not to show up. Got one minute left. Really? I do want to talk. Yeah, because I I really enjoyed the project. I've never done one like this. Uh We hope to show up at one minute. B he's mm I can't wait till I get my front teeth done. It's 11. I'll be so upset that nobody shows up. Like if they forget or they don't want to do it, they probably will let me do their job. No, it's not. This is another random person. This is another prolific servant taker. I'm defending conversation with somebody else And then they're going to like watch it and you know, dissect how people interact and shit. Yes. And ask me questions afterward. They asked me questions before already about how like good I feel or energetic. Uh huh. Uh Really? I'll be so upset. They're not here. Mm I always get the flakes 71 now. Well, let me get five minutes. Tonight. We have five minutes. Oh yeah, I got five minutes. Yeah, Alexa la modelo. Hello, Della party. But Uh huh. Yeah. Coming. Uh I don't believe me. On videos like singing. I don't care board the
Right, thank you. All right.
25.
Where you from?
Oh, you're in L. A. Right now um in Seattle. Yeah.
I mean it's okay, they're opening up a lot more because people want to make money, you know, so we're opening it up too soon I think. But I mean, we have a low thing of Corona here. I think we're going to the lowest cities in Seattle the lowest rate of coronavirus. So that's not too bad because the way people are acting isn't I live in the, live in the district on like fraternity row for
university of
Washington and they have crazy parties all day, all night, no masks or anything. So I don't know how you feel about masks.
You always wear a mask.
There's a lot of people who still don't hear, especially
the young, how old are you?
32.
Yeah. It seems like younger people in their twenties really aren't taking it seriously at all. And they're not wearing masks. Yeah,
I'm actually disabled. And the stay at home mom, I went to college, you graduated college and did a year of law school in Connecticut and uh, my first year of law school I got sick and you know, it's a lifelong illness, so um you know, I've tried to I thought about going back, but I just think it's better off if I just stay at home. Right,
what do you do?
I knew uh like aeronautics engineer, I did one time. Yeah, so he did like chains and spaceships and stuff like that.
Yeah. Are you married?
Oh cool, you have kids?
I have one son, He's three years old. Yeah, I'm 39, so I'm a bit older. Uh huh.
Yeah, I kind of waited to get married
and had a child until I was older, I think was good.
And
when did you get married?
How old were you?
Did you meet the person in college, or did you already know?
Summer? Uh, that's what I missed out on everybody hooked up in college and I never dated anybody in college. To be forever to meet someone. It's really hard once you get out of school to meet people.
Shelby. Can you give him a headphone? Sorry. It's just little quiet. I think headphones would help.
So, um,
Well after college, I oh no, no fired ones. I think they're in my purse. Um, I went to college for mass communications in french and then I went to law school for a year, but I never worked either of those fields. I mean, I worked at the law firm as a paralegal for a while when I was in school, but I never really did
anything with my degrees or degree. Yeah.
I lived in paris
and Belgium. Yeah.
Just looking in high school in Belgium and then I did a semester abroad in um in college in paris.
It's way more, I don't know where it is, europe seems to be more family focused than in the U. S. Like it's all about making
money
and
your job in the U. S. And then like europe it was way more family focused.
Like in Belgium
everybody got a half a day on Wednesday so they could go home and spend the rest of day with their family and that was just like a law. Like you couldn't make people work on the afternoon or night on Wednesdays and kids got to come home early from school too, so everyone can be together and and I know when you have in France at least when you have a child um I think you can get a lot of pain time off, The husband gets a lot of pain time off isn't a nanny for you and somebody to do your laundry for you and stuff. Just way more family oriented
and
europe, I don't, I haven't been anywhere other than europe,
so I don't really know. Mhm.
definitely.
That actually made it worse. Yeah,
everything it's really about, where are you from L. A. Originally or?
I don't know any chinese, I know some korean and japanese but I don't know, I mean I can see like me how and sure
sure, yeah like that. Right,
thank you.
I can I know a few things but I can't I can't have a conversation and I know a lot of languages I'm really good at languages, it's like my thing and so I'm learning spanish now and it's like I'm learning it so quickly because spanish, italian and french are really similar
but
can translate, yeah, I can go from french to spanish and spanish to english or I mean french to
and spanish and spanish to english yeah,
difficult, I'm italian Oh
for
what
I am
like actually I like italian wine better than friends, alec Chianti which is italian,
I want to, I spent some time a little time in italy, I went to venice, you know where all the water is and yeah ok I don't know what what people know um
where
is that
in china?
It's in a way oh
I've never heard of that,
does anybody go to it?
I like travel like other cultures, I like traveling and you know immersing myself in the culture and like blending in kind of you know and adaptable so I do well in most cultures I think I've never been to Asia. I really want to go to Korea really bad because I know some korean. But yeah I would
just like to see you know china uh and Korea and then I don't want to really go to Southeast Asia though. It's too hot and humid.
spanish you say. Oh Portugal
yes right next to its hanging off of Spain basically. But they speak Portuguese there and they speak Portuguese in brazil. It's really were the only places that they speak Portuguese in Portugal and brazil
and what?
That
Oh that's cool.
Oh yeah they have those things. I've never been to Las Vegas. Have you?
it's really close to L. A. Right? You just like you just across the across and then you hit Vegas right?
I don't think I would like Vegas. I don't drink, I don't do any of that stuff and I don't I don't I don't like being around a lot of people. Really?
I don't like groups of people.
Yeah. Right. Everything is about work. I think that's a big problem with american society isn't everything so money and work focus that we forget about like being people and being nice to each other and stuff
like that. Yeah.
How
is it in china? Is it more family
oriented in china? I'm assuming
it probably depends where you live in china to some is rural and some urban. So I would assume that urban people are more into work and money and probably the rural people are more in the family and whatever.
I really don't like how everything's Americanized like other cultures want to like America and I like some cultures used to be like I don't want the cultures to be like ours you know?
Big time. How are you doing with that stuff? Are you nervous or anxious or about four bed or?
Other.
sorry.
Uh huh. Yeah. There are a lot of protests in
L.
A.
It's calmed down.
Yeah. Still a lot of protests in Seattle.
Um Not as because they were I don't think But they took over the police station here. Do you hear that? The Chop Chaz yeah. Yeah
they took
over
the police station here. It's like 10 minutes from here and they was hilarious. They took over the police station and pick the cops that's gonna be back because they were scared.
so they took it back eventually but it doesn't matter. There's so many. Oh they don't know about L. A. But it's a huge homelessness problem here.
I was
actually
I was actually homeless for a little while in Seattle. It's hard in Washington. Like a lot of homeless people. The government does not take care of people here at all.
And
You have people like living on the streets and pence.
We have a ton of that
and it's
getting way
worse of skid row. Oh it's everywhere in Seattle, everywhere in Washington. Really. It's not just even in the city but in Seattle be bad. There's all these tent cities that you see everywhere and there there used to be any in the new district because they keep it nice here for the students but people are moving in here now on the grass, any grassy spot, any public property. They just set up a
tent and some of the cities are really complex. The tent cities like they have, I like to cook and they have like a bathroom and it's like a whole community like.
No.
Yeah, they don't
they don't have that here. People have to do it themselves on the street. Like government doesn't set up anything to help people. They will not help the homeless people or mentally ill people in Washington is really bad.
well.
Yeah. I got really, really lucky. I was on the wait list for section eight for like a decade and then finally I got chosen for section eight and now I have housing and I could not afford to live before. I couldn't so expensive here. I think they said it's forced into san Francisco and Seattle. It's like now the most expensive place to live or something.
Yeah it's like everything is catering to like rich people place, I don't know, just weird
but big problem. I've noticed that west compared to like back east is uh from problem like mess especially I had never heard of meth really until I came out west.
Yeah, this is the same thing here. It's mental, it's really bad because I actually
have mental health issues and I got really good treatment on the east coast in new york and Connecticut but since as soon as I moved to Washington agent like me, Medicaid and I've never been able to get health care here.
Yeah, if you get people when they're not getting their mental health treated treated with drugs with street drugs so
they could
technical
healthcare, you know, out west here, figured out then there'll be a lot less people doing drugs because they be mentally well, you know?
It affects everyone. No one's like say for mental health issues, I mean, everyone is having mental health issues now because of Covid, everyone's so stressed out and anxious
depression to yeah, has gone way up and divorces have gone way up. Like people are not dealing with it well, my life has actually gotten better since cope it because
I got I got housing and then I'm kind of agora phobic. I don't really like to leave the house like really nervous. So the whole thing that you have to stay indoors now at home is perfect for me because before I used to be a weirdo, staying at home all the time and I'm doing a by staying home all the time. If it's been, I don't know, it's been a lot better since Covid and I kind of like wearing a mask, honestly like you get to be like hidden from people, you know, it's like
kind
Yeah, yeah, it can be anonymous.
people think there is, it's so bad. People think there's privacy on the internet and your anonymous, but they say really hateful rude things to you that they wouldn't say like in real life because they feel the protection of the anonymity of the internet, but it's not like that anymore, you can find out who anybody is on the internet.
mm
I like
the
anti
the best. Yeah, I think it's dry, it's like a dry red wine, like dry red wines.
Mhm. Yeah, maybe they should have Chianti anywhere, I would think anywhere they have like wines, like that's the biggest italian wines, Chianti
is pretty popular, so I would think where you can find like a decent amount of wines, Maybe not, probably the grocery store, I'm not really sure. Um where do they sell liquor in uh California? Do they have specific liquor shops or do you do at the grocery store?
we'll
probably go to whole foods or trader goes. I would think it would have a decent Chianti because it's a fancier place. Yeah,
what is it? Italy?
Italy always like play on words.
that's funny.
yeah, I hate the italian food out here because it's like authentic new york because I'm an italian new yorker and a lot of people are like recently from Italy in new york. So the food is, oh my God, the pizza and the italian food, it's not like that anywhere else in the country.
Have you
ever been to new york?
where did you go, just Manhattan or?
don't know Manhattan all that. Well, I'm not a city person. I'm from Long Island. Yeah, I'm from Long Island,
so right, right near the city.
Long Island is suburban. It's really like the nice suburbs. Like is really safe there and
Yeah, it's pretty, pretty suburban, but it's really close to the city, which is cool. You can take a train
like 45 minutes and from where I am and I'm well, not now, but where I'm from is pretty far out east on the island, but I can still get to Manhattan in like 45 minutes.
it's kind of weird. I um, I was approved for disability when I was living in new york so that I wanted to like move far away from my family. So I just, and I always wanted to see Montana because the sky always heard the sky was so perfect in Montana and it really is beautiful in Western Montana. I lived in Missoula for a year.
It was just beautiful. It was, Montana is beautiful,
but then I was because it was Missoula, it's a college town university
of Montana. And so it got expensive to live in because whenever there's a college town, the rents go way up
and yeah, and so then I couldn't afford that. So then I had a friend in Washington and she helped me find someone to move over here and I ended up marrying. I actually, yeah.
did you move straight to L. A. From like, I know, where did you like first? Really? How old were you? So how old were you when you moved? 20? Okay,
So you've only been here like 12 years? Oh,
that is it better like in china or America like for you?
I really
love right now.
Oh the economy is better in china now. Uh
I don't really understand what's going on with the U. S. And china like the
trade or what the heck is going on Like?
I think they hate us now. I think china hates us now because
of trump.
Well
it's so much cheaper things from china A lot of my stuff is from china because I can't afford it. I can't afford american made stuff, it's too expensive.
Yeah I don't know what trump is doing now with china. I don't know he spits in china kind of pissed at him. I don't know what the heck is going on. Uh huh.
yeah. Oh that was at school. Was really nice talking
to you.
have
a good weekend.
Bye.