What's up? Oh man, how's your day going? Mhm.
What's up?
Yeah, that's cool. Okay.
Sweet. Yeah. Uh
remember what I know, towels and maybe just basketball or something? Maybe they're just 11 just
one incompetent.
What
what's uh what's your major
Who?
So I went to Penn State um and took a sorry just to get
through.
Okay. That has them. So
I honestly
have,
I honestly have no idea how good their bio program is. So I guess that's the building. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. I don't think we have any type of production and just you know, whatever.
Minimum 25 minutes. So we prepared. Yeah.
It's gonna feel like 100 years. Mhm.
How do you come
across it?
Yeah. It's been it's been good for me too. I just started like monkey. Oh and been pretty good. Uh
Mhm. Yeah, I've tried some others but I just didn't want people to be honest.
Yeah, so I applied and they turned me down.
Yeah, I think because all this stuff that's going on, they probably have like a million people applying. Um They didn't like, they didn't like Yes, some qualities, I
don't know what they should
do.
that's awesome. Yeah, I mean that's the one that I was kind of disappointed. Like I've done some other like straight ones and uh together,
it's all right, I don't qualify for any of these, Like I wasted five minutes to get three cents. That's awesome.
So what's uh what's school like? All online is a weird.
my
everybody's
adjustment,
you're almost done, aren't you?
Leak.
Perfect time to spend 25 minutes with a complete stranger. Mhm.
Does it have a timer somewhere? Uh huh
I think it's been like
3.5 minutes I think.
uh Are you, so you go to Townsend, are you from Maryland?
Nice. Uh group in pennsylvania for no reason, fairly
uh Miss miss it a lot, but life is this? Yeah, I was never study, so I was used
What's up?
Yeah, so like right now my parents still live there um Sorry my um right now like everything's just completely like you can't do anything because
uh it's hospital but uh that's just weird, it's it's too big cities in Philly and Pittsburgh and then like a you know trump supporter.
Idiots all in the middle, you know, it's really funny, it's too big blue cities and then everything else is really, that's really really weird and not what's what's so I've been trying,
so like in 6th grade we had to do a class project and everybody kind of state of mind was Maryland. And so we drove in Maryland for the day, and I think that's the only time I've ever been in Maryland, I remember going to Annapolis. Uh
Actually I lied, I went to a Baltimore Orioles game one time. What part of the marrow? It's fine. What part of Maryland are you from?
Is
that where uh umbc is at school in America, is that now? Is that right?
Two.
Mhm. It was crazy that the schools, I mean it's the same. Yes, any time because in film, Dominic
yes. Temple, Drexel, lasalle, ST joe's Villanova, penn. Forget
what
That's crazy. What do you want to graduate? Oh
you
say that.
I'm sure. I mean, so I took I told you I was uh just um took it was some some people class in like in high school, but it was fine and I mean I
got a two on the test keep in mind um I was like, well I can do that, I can probably do this incredible bio class. And I was probably like to see like
the
hard never, never got to see in high school and then hard intro freshman year like to say I'm your first class ever believe, jesus christ
hold
it.
I remember my first finals week just being a nightmare. Like I refused to go the library just like I just refused. I was
just a freshman year, me and my body who had a room with just I felt like we used to of course level week, it was just such a nightmare.
So
See
like what's the point? Just lay down and do the same thing. Come on. Oh,
here, well we've got a long way to go here. What else can we talk?
This is nice. So
what?
Mhm. Wait I'm sorry
just
supposed to start at 4 30 but I think I was a minute late so it's probably 4 31
me.
Mm
Yeah, so let's just, we can both talk about college again. Um Yeah,
wasting wasting boys, putting all your damn money, taking out loans to do it, you know? Yeah, it's kind of crazy man. Like I don't know what you think about this, a lot of us, a whole system of hey whatever you're paying for anybody is insane like.
Alright cool. I'm a doctor now, eight years from now and now I have half a million dollars in student loans like it's nuts.
I'm sure man.
I
mean everybody, everybody Uh huh. Yes, we met like a crazy Bernie president who's like super for goodness monthly. And this is awesome.
Unbelievable.
What
if,
what if they were just like one too? What if they were just like one year, definitely dollars in debt. You're a doctor first year or just forget about it. You're good. You don't need to pass that. Mm hmm.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Like you said it's a long shot. What what is the point of them doing this is just like how people interact with each other. What do you think
minute?
that's true. That's
true.
It was,
it's very
different types. What? So what's Maryland looking like? Like are they starting to open stuff slowly or not yet? Yeah.
So they have slowly. So, I mean, I mean I live in Kentucky now actually. Um it's really, yes, it's the same thing. It's about Louisville big because like redneck special, you know? And so fortunately we have a we have a governor uh like that's tasteful and sort of just, I just talked to my dad and stuff, you know, bottom repacking America uh oh and stuff, But you know the bottom of restaurants and it's 2:15 and relate it. Yeah,
yeah, this is all things not how much that is why it is like These people have nothing better to do, let's just put him in a room for 25 minutes.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
So what do you do outside of school? Fun?
uh you don't do take summer classes or now?
I'm
sure like I guess why you're gonna do just the room for the whole stomach, so mhm So this is, this is a bad influence story, but fresh meat, there's a, there's a guy who was that's fine with me I used on my floor and the only person on the floor that I think about they didn't part of what we just want to, you know, kick shins major is um it's just a degree of just have to agree and so like for a whole semester we're just pestering my man, you got to come out like a big party school. Come on. He's like no no uh whole running. No, absolutely not. We finally broken down like I would say february or March of the first year and now he's like a professional uh or something.
Yeah big
turn in it
quick. Pretty much all our fault if uh can I ask uh So don't don't do that. You know you have a lot of idiots in school. Only a pack here kind of sets. Yeah, it would be like didn't drink, didn't party and then once and
that's not
Wyoming
interaction
Are you?
It's fine. Mhm.
Yeah. So my is were my best friend and I went uh so the first room together you have a little bit of the first year, so we were born together and I think I I don't know if it was and I think I've been in America and the people that have worked out um
And then you're you're too I live off campus, had a job in a brand new custom um and we live him and either deal again, that's it. And then uh yes we have plenty of time to kill. So sure I'll go deep into this story. Um He wanted to uh get away and uh with actually I was just talking about professional. Uh Yeah it was 5050 in the first year.
Is
You
didn't
To um So is there is there like a bunch of off campus housing if you wanted to do that?
Living
off
campus. Uh huh. That's weird. Uh huh.
I'd say there's a let's say there's like a street, it's like from on campus, so what you do is get an apartment like across the street, you effectively
rules. Yes, we're a name,
you know?
It's funny.
Oh man. Um Just a pure guess I would say. Oh man, probably like 25 years
my
guess.
True. Yeah,
so it's uh there's 40, month campus.
It's just nuts.
Yeah, it's
like
I don't know. Yeah, I am. I don't know, I I went back and forth because I played baseball in high school and had a couple of really, really small small schools that we need to make some some offers. And so I went back and forth. I mean it was either go to the school the 1000 people and play baseball or it's called a billion
people and
to you know, I don't regret it, but you know, it's crazy needs two totally different worlds under come in the middle. Uh huh. Shit. No. Do
you like sports? Yeah.
At
We're 1000. We're talking about high school. Mhm.
no,
that's
why I wonder what Yeah, I put baseball. Um when I was younger I played basketball and soccer, that was really terrible. Both of those. Um So baseball man, I probably picked up his love and locks five years. It's been a long
time.
And uh no, I probably more about like slow pitch softball, you know, an
actual actual baseball. But
Yeah. Oh it's not it's insane. Uh I thought we had a good across uh high school and then we went and we played this team called was Lasalle high school and they were probably like top of the country and just yeah destroyed us. Hence it's pretty big. I feel like it's Northeast and it's slowly slowly crawling down towards world right now Kentucky. It's probably really big in Maryland divided guess.
that's true.
What happens is complete double.
Did you? What man? I wish I knew more across it's an interesting sport. What what conference is tells? Is there a and I know as we're in in all sports is a colonial. What do you do?
Here's something.
Oh good man. Um Yeah, so so uh the the only thing I knew about Maryland for a long time was cakes and football. That's all
I
knew
for
Mhm. Obviously very important. That's the problem with that statement, but it's fine. It's considering I was to protect or whatever it
was.
No.
Oh, I heard that 100% agree with that. Thanks
for me. So
It's just like I don't even know, I haven't seen it in song. Um It's boring. It's the
Maryland. They're the ones way core. I'll tell you that much.
But
both of you. Thank you. All right. I was gonna ask you, what do you think? Well, let's go back to normal if this thing what do you think it's so weird man. Everything?
You
think
has
to be a vaccine? Yeah, I mean that's the thing. My mind is so unknown on that stuff. Come on. Maybe you'll do you. I just ran a bunch of science people want to make a vaccine.
Thanks, man. I'm just thinking about that. But uh my my office was talking about we should get something for high school seniors that are graduating. It's just like, what do you mean? You know? Imagine if you were graphing colleges here, but in all this work, here's a virtual diploma. Whenever help.
It's crazy. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh huh.
I'm tired, man. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a problem.
Mhm. We're close. I think it's like a minute and a half. We better go over a minute just to be safe. Uh You said it's finals week. So are you are you done then? Okay. That's gonna be good fun.
This
one I would.
Got to tell you this this class schedule you have seems like a nightmare for me if I was in your shoes.
Owner. I
mean I guess yeah. If you're trying to get done early.
That's good. You've done I mean you've done on monday. So I keep I keep looking at myself, but in high school that's a pretty back. And I just I really liked math until probably junior high school. And I was like treating she's really done uh
religious
hatred
and all of that. And then I take a freak out. And I don't know what the hell is going on. The experimentalist uh
sign co sign, what what the hell is going on? And then my senior year I was in I thought it was investigating classes. And all right, here's your choice. Like actually a choice to But which is like her first three years. And you can take uh ap capitalist or you can take computer science and I'll let you guess what I chose. And it wasn't even this upset that much I learned,
I learned about accepting how to use Excel
and Microsoft word. And without trying it was that was a great decision.
So I um I don't think I'd be good on any night free english. And I think I got a two and bio. So I take morning physics
probably
Is that
it
was
about
Mom is uh test to get in my school was one of those most things. There's so many people.
And tell you though. Yeah. Exactly. People you don't like that, you know, very small area. Mhm. Oh
man. Probably. Uh What I called another minute. 1st
1:00.
I mean
Yeah. How many instructions were not that great instructions were not not that great on this.
whatever you want.
What? When I was
telling
you what we're doing? Yeah. Just I'm impressed. I'm impressed, actually. How we did. Yeah. Yeah.
All right. You want to risk it? You wanna call it so.
How do we end? This Is close it?