Hello?
Mhm Hi, can
you hear me? Yeah. Hey. I am so sorry that I'm late. I'm like, well, I'm probably like the test case, but but I I was driving and I got stuck in horrible traffic so I'm actually like illegally in my I'm in my car so I am so sorry.
That's
totally
fine.
Why?
What are we doing? Are we just chatting? Yes.
wow. This is so exciting. Well, are we, are we allowed to exchange personal information?
I think. Well, I'm josie. Hi,
lucy. I'm
nice, nice to meet you. And I'm, I'm really again, I apologize. I'm in my car like I said, so there's like light.
I
don't have my headphones. Like I expected. I was so excited to see this. I don't how do you use the, are you like a prolific survey taker? Yes. I
my husband started doing it and I um I like, I was like making fun of him and he was like, no, you should do it. And I signed up and I like it. So fun.
Me
too.
I'm
trying
to get my mom to it.
How
did you hear about it? Uh,
I think
that's how he
found out about it too. Yeah, It's very weird. Wait, okay. Um, for
some
reason,
your
audio? Sorry?
No, I was gonna say your, your audio is like coming through the car because my phone was hooked up to it. So it's like, you're, you're like floating in the air. Yeah.
Where are you? Where are you looking at?
I think
you
see.
Amazing.
I'm in um, Ohio Cleveland. Ohio. Yeah, I was wondering if people were just sprinkled all over the place. But yeah, that's cool.
You're
out
west.
It is, is it your first chat?
Really? Oh my God. So how, how has it been going? I didn't like, I had no idea. This was even a thing you could do. It's crazy.
I'm
easy.
it does. Yeah, I was so terrified. I was going to miss that window and I was like, my, my chat partner, they're going to be affected. So I was like,
Oh no, in my back,
my face is still just a frozen frozen face. Well, I don't have wifi, it's probably one of the problems. I'm sorry.
It's a disaster. But so you've
done
six
of these? Yeah.
Thank
you.
Can
we can I like leave you here and just drive? I'm like two blocks in my house.
The fact that you're,
is
this the first time you've had a chat
with, like
a crazy the lady who's driving? Oh
no, the illegal driving person.
I'm did not want to be that person, but
I am
booked. I'm really close to home. I actually, the reason um you may appreciate that. Well, what's this person's problem? Um but the reason I went on this odyssey to get to get picked up a toy for my daughter. She's obsessed with Dino trucks. Um which is like a cartoon that where the toys are no longer being made and it's like this, it's a big to do, but I um I found one of the toys and um like on facebook marketplace, which again, I've never used before in my life and I drove like across town to pick up like a, I'm making myself sound really creepy but drove across
town
to
pick
up. I used
I
yeah, I went on a journey verdana truck and that's why I'm late and now I'm pulling into my house, but I normally um I have today off because it's Veterans Day, So it's been a good day. Yeah. Um so
yeah, so how are the other chats been? Is it just so you just literally just talk about anything for 25 minutes?
I'm
it
totally
depends on who you
talk
to.
Wait,
I missed what you said. You have a uh has there been any weirdos besides me?
no.
Did they start talking about the election or how did you guys just check it
up?
Oh
well.
Are
you?
no.
Yeah, I'm
sure there's so
many
way.
if you can talk about it, I was like how do they not like how do they do quality control in general?
What?
Wait,
no.
Has
it always
been like that?
It should. I see myself.
We want, am I there now? That's hunk.
Well
whatever you prefer, I can get on my actual computer now that I'm home. Do you want me to do that? Do you care?
I'm
sorry.
Neither. All right. Well, I will log back in on my computer. Okay.
Mhm. Okay.
Bye. No.
you hear me now?
No.
Yeah,
I can't hear you. Let me try that. My headphones. Yeah.
Well you're, I can't hear you
now. You're back now. I can hear you. I'm
not
this technology and nephew. Quite the roller coaster. But here I am. I thought these headphones at work. Um So so you, so how have you been able to do this six times? Does it just keep popping up on prolific?
Why both? That's awesome. My favorite one that I've done so far, I'm prolific was have you done there is a survey where you, where you were like with you repaired before other people and you had to like, it was like, you were like on an alien planet and you had
to,
no,
you
look like
like
minister. We'll go into at first my first, I thought it was like, they were like fake like chat about people,
but
I don't
think
it
was not a
real
people.
I know. It was
like
enjoying it. Yeah. What else can we discuss? I'm so excited. This is fun. So you're in Wyoming? Is that because of Covid? Are you just visiting family?
next
Because
of
my Wildstein. Oh
super
stressful.
Is that's not, I mean obviously that's not normal. But is that, is that like a freak thing or has it happened the past couple of years? This kind of smoke.
No, it's climate change.
I've also heard I have a lot of colleagues in Colorado and it's like, they'll be like one day it's like snowing and then the other day it was like the fires were like raging outside their door and then it was like snowing again. It just seems like it's just been sanded.
Well, I'm glad you're somewhere cozy at least baby,
because at least you have
there.
I have 21 is four and one is, she's going to be two on the 28th, so pretty soon. Yeah,
there um there with um one of them is in like a preschool, but it's been a huge production because of Covid and we were really anxious about sending her back. But so far it's been pretty good. It hasn't been,
I don't,
I'm still
nervous about it, but so far there haven't
been any like spreading Covid among
the Children.
Yeah
it was good.
I know it's totally good.
Oh my God I left in my car but
I'm going
to show it to you because she has she has one. Yeah it's pretty good. You guys are really weird. Okay so so for some reason
this is like a separate
tour that she hides them in this house. This is one. So they're dinosaurs.
But they're also trucks.
It's really good. I don't know how she got into it. She's like she's hit this age where she's like super obsessed with dinosaurs and like dragons and magical creatures. But the truck thing is new and it's just like stupid book series. It's like they're dinosaurs and their trucks
and
like that's really all there is to it. But then I guess they made like a T. V. Show and so she got obsessed with the T. V. Show. And then we discovered that they made toys. But they they have apparently become very valuable because they stopped making them because the show ended like a few years ago. So. So yeah so I tried like googling these and there was like anyway they're impossible to find. Like sometimes we sell for like Hundreds of like $50 or something for one of these stupid toys. So I found like an unknowing mom just a fellow mom who was like who's kids aged out of them. So I was very excited because I like I got a bundle of them. Yeah. So but then I just realized I just felt like an hour and a half trying to get that stupid dino
trucks
should have because I'm really worth my time.
My precious.
All
That's true. That's true
for this increase in value. But knowing her, they'll be like totally disintegrated and she like destroyed. But yeah, she's she's pretty cute. We have. I'm looking right now at our toy room, which is totally out of control. Um We're trying to figure out how to organize it because I don't know. They just get so much crap. It's like someone so many things. Yeah. But But it's kind of fun. I like have such great memories of of toys and like just being a kid. And so like that that's been my favorite part about being a parent. It's like getting like she like every morning, she's like, we applied with me and it's like, all right, let's like transform.
It's
so it is it is so hard. I was thinking about it with Covid like if I didn't have kids, how different this experience would be. And maybe it would be like it would I don't know. I'm sure there becomes too that too. But it's just like they're here all the time like for a long time, it was just like we were all constantly and I just thought like, oh my god, I can't imagine if I was like if I was home and just to be home without Children, like how peaceful like how much like, like projects around the house and stuff that I could be doing that I just can't do now. But yeah, I know that it's good as well. Did you do not have Children?
hardly
alright. As you can see, I like call and I was like, oh from the Carson, hardly functioning but Oh yeah. Yeah. Trying trying to function. Uh Yeah. Yeah.
That's
very
kind
of you.
Uh huh I'm
still
in
ST whatever you want.
What
do you want to know? How much, how much time do we have
like
20
minutes?
What so hard does it work? You're just supposed to track and then get off like do you know what they're trying to test? Are they just testing like you have
no idea.
Uh Were you always talking, what are you? I'm assuming that you are a liberal. I
am as well but I mean I don't want to make assumptions but.
To talk
you
know?
Warning.
I wondered
that too. Like I don't read any of that crap. I
just say like
I agree.
Yeah it's
probably
some
like oh no.
Yeah I was really curious, I was fascinated by this. Like how how you don't get paired with like a total like some like a psychopath or or like how do they do quality control? Just
just like
a wacko out there
I
guess you just hang
up.
no.
that sounds awful.
That
would
be like that's my
fear is like around the election that they were trying to have you like like just not debate but just like talk about what was going on and like just the stress everyone's feeling last week. But but yeah I don't know. All I feel now is just so I'm like I just feel like a horrible burden has been lifted. It's like the best. My God
I can't even I can't even imagine what it would have been happening if this is the other option that happened. Oh
my
that
struck him yet.
Why?
It totally was you're right last week I didn't like I couldn't focus, I couldn't do anything, I was like not doing my work like. But yeah, like I haven't emerged from it. I keep it like obsessing and you're right, it's like um it's like it doesn't end, it's never going to end, I want to just concede and then there's the senate like the I feel like
everything's gonna feeling just until january. I know. I know,
I
know
what uh I just so depressed because Ohio has always been like about I haven't always lived here, I grew up here, but I we just moved back a couple years ago from Seattle and it was like I just can't I feel like I can no longer live in a state that's just like solidly red. Like I just that's not how it ever was. Sorry, my cat is in the screen.
Thank you, this is mouth. But yeah, I just um that's like no matter what the I'm really glad that I didn't one, but like I can't, I can't be in a state that's just like a, that like a, just a bunch of conservatives. I can't live like that. Oh God, yeah.
Colorado
went blue, right?
Yeah. That's
great.
I want to go out to Wyoming. My sister, My sisters are both in new york city, but one of them because of Covid and she left, they just moved to Montana where her husband's from. So she's like living this Western lifestyle now and it's, it's so awesome. I know we've all like, I would like to get back at west to, but it sucks because we can't visit, we haven't been able to visit her yet, but hopefully we'll go out there soon.
I work, I work in donor communications for, um, an environmental organization is called the Nature Conservancy and it has um it's a big global organization but um there's a chapter in every state, so there's a chapter in Wyoming in colorado. And so I work remotely anyway. Um and yes I have a lot of colleagues all over the world and the U. S. That I work with like on a day to day basis, but I mostly just right like donor donor communications to raise money for environment.
Yeah, it is cool.
it's pretty
good.
I am I I was an environmental studies major in college and then it was weirdly like a freak. My first job out of college was with the Nature Conservancy like 15 years ago plus years ago. And then um and then I just kind of like it was in Chicago and then we moved to Seattle and then he came back to Ohio a couple years ago but I took like a four year break where I wasn't part of this organization. But yeah, I just kind of fell into it after based on my my degree and um I wasn't always doing donor development, I was doing more like writing like marketing, writing, but but yeah, so now I'm just, it's more focused on fundraising, but but it's really, it's great, it's been such a great organization. It's I really believe in the work that they're doing and like how the approach that the organization takes. So um and I've gotten so many co opportunities. I've been able to go to bali um into the Micronesia and the Honduras. Like I've been able to travel a lot over the years, not right now sadly. Um but to be able to do that and like meet people in local communities doing really cool work has been has been a real like honor. So I've been enjoying that. Yeah. Um
you wanna thanks. Yeah, it's a good, it's a good role. It's a good job. It has its constitute, but it's like a bureaucratic non profit, but it's still good. I still like it. What do you do?
All
good.
Figure
out.
Well you don't need that to like get into it if that's an area you're interested in. But yeah, I mean I feel like it's really hard to figure out what to do in your life. Like I don't understand these people who just like know what they're doing. Um It is hard. It's a lot. I'm sorry you've had an illness that that's a lot to deal with.
That's great. That's super
cool. That's a that's hero Jake. It is. That's awesome. I would love to do that. I I used to really, I used to do a lot of yoga and I just like fell out of it somehow. I don't know just I don't know what happened. And it's something that just like you saying that makes me feel like God I really need because it is such a there's so many benefits to it. Like beyond just the physical like exercise and movement of your body. It's it's a different like it's just a whole different way of practicing good mental space and breathing. I need to do that big
time.
What's
she
gon?
You mean you mean google something on youtube? Someone along or you just
like
do
your
own thing?
Harris. I like that. I need to try that. That sounds very calming.
That's interesting. I got one of the, one of the like benefits that we get at work where I work is like access to head is it Headspace? It's like free access
to head space which sounds great and it's like to be able to do something about it being free. I don't know why because like I just haven't like it's you're so right like I just I wanted, it's another thing I'm going to start doing you've reminded me because it's like what is wrong with me that I can't put a few minutes into. Just like some just mindfulness would probably make such a difference especially with all the shit that's been going on with the election and stuff like just like this all the time. Just like chilling out. You know like a more thoughtful way because I feel like especially with like my my daughter's age they are, it's like when they go to bed I just feel like oh my God like I'm just like comatose, we just sit there and sometimes I just sit there like watching T. V. And it's like what is wrong? I feel like also I like you were saying about reading I used to be like read constantly and my husband's an english teacher and like it's just like one of the things that we've we've always done and that's just something like I just I was trying to yesterday I was like I haven't read a book like that in months and this is like covid like why why why haven't I been reading books? I don't know what happened. Um So yeah like I've had some weird like habits that have been lost, good habits that have been locked in the last few weeks and months.
Uh huh.
well all
my favorite author um for many many years has been kurt Vonnegut. But I um I feel weird saying that because I what today? My husband is upstairs and you heard me say that it's confounding his birthday today. Look Oh yeah.
Um so I always say that but I haven't read any of his stuff and like I was like I was saying in in years so I
am I think that makes me sad and feel ashamed because even even though I
like have
read almost all stop.
All right.
that's Yeah. Yeah, that's for sure. I would like I was just yeah, if I I would really like to reread some of his stuff too because I just have I have like a very clear memory of reading slaughterhouse five and and just like having like my mind like it was like one of those book experiences where you're just like everything changes and how you view the world and but now like my husband always says I have a mental like a memory issue because I'll read something and then like a couple weeks and months later it's like I have no it's like I can't remember what it was about. Like something.
That's
another thing I'm concerned.
You're
like I don't
remember.
that's truly
that's like that's how I feel slaughter was fine. I know what it wants. Your who's your favorite writer,
humanity.
I don't think.
The family.
that's
good
science
fiction. That's a good move. Yeah. I feel like I could get really into that.
Mm My husband's like obsessed with books. I can't tell if he's like no I feel like he's listening to our whole conversation because he likes shouted. Are you know what? But yeah he um he's just like, we have so many books in the house but he won't, he like is very they have to be pristine and I'm the opposite. I like I like everything is like underlined
and so
I'm not a lot fox.
I know. They're freaks. He's a total freak and they're like perfectly like yeah, I made the mistake one time I had this book and it was like it was used but it was like one of his beloved books and I like I borrowed it and the whole time I would see him looking at me well and then something I did, it was already like fragile, but like the cover just like tore off and I tried to hide it was so yeah, it didn't go too well and
sometimes
he bans me. I'm like band and something. He has a record collection. Had been um He's been growing and I guess I accidentally touched the record of my fingers in a way you're not supposed to. And he was when I was banned and not just from that record but from the whole collection. So yeah we um we have a different approach to something. Oh my God. Oh so what so what happens? So we just close our screen at some point and then we never talk again Ever. That's so weird.
I know
I thought
that
music
shit out.
Yeah.
How do we know? I'm sure we've talked for 20 minutes. Do you think
it's we've
I kept my message. Oh I see what you're saying. Yeah.
Oh Yeah mine says 26 52.
What
did
you say?
I'm again I'm really sorry that I took up more of your time by
my own
ineptitude
with
the car. So thank you for talking to me.
All right. Uh What should we just close this?
Yeah totally. If you want to
how
do we do
let me I get my um All right. I have money. I have my gmail open.
How many your email and I'll just email you.
S. C. A. W. O. L. V. E. N. Okay. At gmail that Okay. What's your name sorry?
name is joe C. J.
O. C. I. E. And what you say here is what you
disappeared lucy.
It's
such a good all right.
I'm gonna say hi lucy. It's me. Alright, understanding this. And then you have my email. Well this is so fun. This is a very public experience for me. Thanks for chatting.
That's a that's a complicated question because I am. I
do. I read both.
I've got I like swing back and forth sometimes when I when I had like a newborn I read e books because it was so easy. Like I didn't have to I could like hold her to have a book. Um But like the last book I read was um Sir C have you read that? What?
Listen
it's
really good. And I had the huge giant hardcover one and I was like it's kind of annoying I wish but I loved reading like I remembered how much I loved reading the actual hard cover book. Um
So
I kind of go back and forth. What about
you?
Ooh I like
All right so I'm good. Well my email there and um yeah let me know if you ever need anything and we
can.
Good.
and that's what I'm talking
to you.