Yeah. Okay. Mhm. For example. Mhm Yeah, Thank you. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm. Mhm. You got Okay. Mhm. Mhm That's right. Performance Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Right. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Right, right. That's something else. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Very good.
Hi
back.
that's what we
find
your
good
high
About anything. Yeah.
I think so.
I'm lucy
meet.
That's totally
fine.
All
It is. I got my mom to do it too.
I was
trying to
get
everyone.
That's
it. And
um I think I randomly saw something about it on reddit. Just
internet
thing.
Do you
want
to get
more
sorry.
huh
I'm in colorado.
Well, I'm currently staying
at my
grandma's house in Wyoming temporarily but I'm
usually staying in Colorado. What about you?
So
is this
your
first chat?
No, it's like my 6th.
I know it's
amazing. I got
it and it pays pretty well. It's good. Um
You're breaking up a lot, you've turned into a robot and now I cannot see your face.
no your voice is back but your face is not back.
that's okay.
Do
you
need to,
but do you need to move like get
more
comfortable because I don't mind waiting or
like
Do it. Yeah,
I'll just read
it is my thing.
we're
talking.
Yeah, this is my first driving person I would say.
Well
no
that's fine.
No
he's
got
like
mom. I'm like damn,
this is a good mom to go on these massive journeys for Dino trucks.
all
yes. Um I'm pretty like socially anxious and awkward. So sometimes it's weird sometimes.
I don't
know.
I
I definitely
have
this fantasy. I'll like find some sort of friend soulmate on here and that definitely hasn't happened. But it hasn't been bad. It hasn't been like horribly
bad or anything.
there was a, my last one was politically difficult. I was challenging, I will say. But
other than that it was okay.
I
think it was my fault because he kept hinting at things and so I just asked him outright and it was like a week before the election. And yeah, so then it was interesting. It was interesting. Yeah.
But um yeah, other
than
that,
it hasn't been too bad. There was like, there was younger than he was saying he was and was like distracted the entire time by an online game like he was playing. And so that
was
Probably
the
worst
one. Yeah,
I know. I don't know. But wait, I need to tell you, I still can't see your face. It's like not just you're not frozen. It's like literally a silhouette of
a guy. What like
a blank silhouette, you know, like when Skype doesn't have a video or something,
I
don't know
what,
no, it just when it cut out earlier, I thought it was going to come back for some reason, But no,
that's really weird.
No, but You seem
really cool and enjoyable so I don't mind. Like should we close out and reopen and then talk for 25 minutes? I don't know. This is my suggestion.
Yeah, maybe we should, we should totally do that so I could see you. And then
I don't know
if the whole account, No problem. I don't, I don't care. I don't really have a life right now. Okay.
Cool.
But
Mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Sorry? Oh
yes. Hi. Can
you hear me? Oh
sure. Hello?
Can you hear me now?
that's weird.
I'm not
just,
Yeah. There's different um, cycles like and they kept adding at first they would only allow you to do four, but then on the next cycle they were like, well let you do five and then six and now they're letting us do seven. So
the different
like, like color your van, like agree
on all
that.
I love
that
Yeah. Because I can
never tell
what
they were
real.
I think
it's totally
me and it was just written so well, I was like really impressed with whoever
made
that study.
I'm currently, well, my grandma, my grandma usually stays in Arizona but she has a house here. So my boyfriend and I have just been staying here because it's a long story. We were, well, first of all, the place we were in, we were, we were, we were living at like a weird community, like an intentional spiritual community and that kind of imploded. So suddenly
we were like, where do we go? And my grandma's like you can stay here. And I was like, okay, great. And then I would stay with my family in colorado but literally like they've been under evacuation orders so often that um, it's like because
of the
fires,
And my boyfriend's family had to evacuate. But thankfully the fire got within like one mile of their house. We had to go, They went out of state to escape the scope smoke. So they didn't realize they were like, maybe all their stuff is going to potentially burned down. So my boyfriend and I had to go into a mandatory evacuation zone, get permission from the firefighters and the cops to go and rescue his family sick. It was so successful. It was intense and
their
cats were there and were like trying to wrangle the cats and it was, it was a lot recently.
Um, apparently the last two, this one just turned into the biggest wild fighter in colorado history In the last two big. It's like, I feel like the top eight of the top 10 biggest wildfires were all just in the past few years, I guess due to like beetle, beetle kill and global warming and all these other things. I don't know. So
yes, climate change, definitely. It was.
It isn't. Yeah.
escaped.
It is.
I'm lucky. Is your, how old is your daughter? Yeah.
Oh my God,
I'm
still
there.
What?
that's
good. Yeah.
Crazy. Crazy
time.
wait, do you have the dino truck next to you? I was very curious what that was like.
I
did.
Every
that
they're dying.
That's amazing. Oh my God, that's so cool.
Thank
you.
Worth
it.
Maybe
maybe
after she grows out of them, You have like her college education
correct?
yeah, that sounds like uh Oh, so you have like good none was against. I don't know. Sometimes I try to picture being a parent, I'm like, dear God, that sounds like the hardest thing,
literally you could ever do.
Okay. I do not. I'm like like you're like I'm an all or like you're a full on functioning like you have a family and a job
and shit and I'm like, wow.
you seem successful.
You
seem
like
very good. Well um what should we do? What should we get deep or just be superficial? So
that was
so
scary.
I don't
know.
Let's
see
it.
Well, We're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. I can't remember with all that was going on when we started. I don't really
I
have no idea. Like I varies, they were like hooking me up with political people that were trying to challenge me because I was like, what are the odds of this? But, but
feel like that's all.
Yes. I don't know, but I don't think that's actually I actually, I have no idea what they're doing with this. Like I'm just picturing all the people watching us. I had a really weird one recently that my weirdest one where it was like I'm it was like a book like have a conversation with a guy on Skype about your book reading and stuff. So I was like oh cool, I like talking about books. So I went on Skype and then he had, he asked me if I had any questions for him afterwards and I asked him like what university do you work for? And he was like I don't work for university, this is just a personal study. And I was like what? And then afterwards I sent him a bunch of questions. I was like wait yeah because I was just curious. I was like so you're spending your own money to like like what are you doing
with this information? He was
like
I guess I have no plans where he was just gathering notes. But then he kept saying us like we are setting this and then I was like who's us? And he's like we're a small company. And then I'm like what's the small company? And then they never answered me. I was like what? And then
then I started getting a little too like paranoid. I'm like where's all my information going? You know? I don't know. It doesn't
matter.
I
know.
And I'm like who's better up labs. I did not research to these people.
I
don't
know.
Anyway.
I
know.
The last
guy
kind
of creeps me out. He was a little bit like he seemed really nice at first and he like worked with autistic kids like he was. I don't know. He seemed really but then he started like hinting that he was a trump supporter. So I asked him and then he was and then we started talking and he kept saying
like Bigly not so subtly racist things and I kept cringing and myself and I didn't know how to handle it.
It
was
very
weird,
What?
I
know, I just yeah, I'm still a little like he's not conceding what's happening. And I felt
like,
yeah, I felt like after the, during the election, I was like, okay, I can I gave myself a free pass to immerse myself in the stress and little election news. But afterwards I was like, once biden wins, I'll cut myself off from most of this and I'll just be peaceful. But now it's like, no, it was like a gateway drug into madness and I can't stop
reading about.
The runoff.
I told my boyfriend, I'm like, I'm just completely invested in Georgia politician for
the
first time in months. Yes.
Well done. Okay.
But
then like terrible
colorado. Yeah. Did very well. I'm very proud. Wyoming
is
not a place one. Um, yeah. But um, what's he gonna say or something? Sorry?
What do you do for work? I don't know if.
That's really cool.
That's hero. Shit. Yeah, That's good. How did you
get
into that? Right.
That's amazing. Yeah,
I am currently still figuring out my life. I've had like ongoing chronic illness issues that have played me for
so long and kind of forced me to drop out of school. So I've been trying to like, like, except except that I need something more. I don't even know. I don't
know what
I'm doing.
I'm unemployed and I have no idea what to do in all honesty, but what you do sounds cool. I'm like, I got to go to school for environmental.
Yes. But um but I feel like I'll eventually end up in some sort of like therapeutic me. Like I don't either if it's through, like I've been reading about yoga therapy and trying to become like a yoga teacher online just because that's really helped me personally. Not that I've ever envisioned that for myself, but I feel like I would like to help other people that struggle with mental and physical health issues through something like, I don't know how. Yes, but that's that's my only they
go
Also
like sometimes when I'm feeling like if I get to jaded with yoga is getting too repetitive for me. I like doing like, like even if it's like five minutes a day, like chittagong my grandma introduced me to chittagong when he was on Youtube. We're just like an older
persons
like
sheen gangs, like, you know, like flowing movements where you're just like, you know, and like um it's very meditative.
you
just
follow
along
you following and then once I like memorize things, I can make my own weird integrated yoga qigong or like tai chi or any of those practice where I just like, I really like intuitive stretching and movement, where you just kind of combine all the things that work best for you, you know? So like
Yes, I've been trying to I'm like that with meditation, like, I want to meditate every day and I have this app, but then I'm like, I don't know why it's so difficult for me to be like, like I can do it for five minutes, but for some reason my brain is like, no, you can't. Let's do everything we can speak rest me. I don't know.
helps, please.
Yeah. It's interesting. I'm noticing myself. It's like the more stressed out I get and the more I actually need to do those habits that's like when my brain least wants to do them and I have the most issue persuading it to do that. Yes. But
do you have a favorite author or something? I want to past this or recommend
this?
Yeah.
same.
I
liked
sirens of titan. Like, that's so funny you said that because I literally have a tab open with Kurt Vonnegut. Like, there
video on Reddit about kurt Vonnegut, like telling the arcs of stories and like, and I was literally just thinking I really need to really look or we want a good look. Yeah.
that is
literally
from my own mouth. That's why I literally told my boyfriend, like I'm uncomfortable telling anybody. My favorite books are like favorite things because if they try to engage me about it sometimes I'm just gonna be like,
I don't actually remember
it.
I remember that. I like, I
don't know.
Oh God, that's so hard. Um
I really yeah, I really love science fiction, I love Ursula Gwyn. Um And I've been reading a lot of Octavia Butler recently, but it's a little
she has this series called well the first one's called Parable of the Sower and it's it's so stressful to me. It's kind of like trying to read the stand by Stephen King and these times because it's like it's too United States, dystopia. Like that's too real. That could be just like tomorrow, you know? So
it's a little terrifying read what I'd like
to
try
it for myself.
Well
I'm
like you
Yeah. And I grew up dog earing because of my mom and stuff. So like reading Christine book readers and like what? Yes.
He's
like
Well before you came back on I was like like I didn't know if you would it would allow you to come back or is like what if there was a technical issue and I've never seen you again And I was like, oh no, but I
we
could
exchange
information
and keep talking. Okay. Cool.
Um
I
think we have, what is your if you scroll down, did you keep the other tab open? If you
there's a timer?
Oh, that's good. Okay. Yeah, mine is inaccurate because it's from the very beginning of the car conversation, so yeah,
we're
good.
My says 42 minutes. Yes.
Don't
it
doesn't matter.
Not.
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Um
Yeah. Wait, so we close this. Yeah, and then we go on to the other one. Did you want to exchange information or just Okay.
Cool. Yeah, let's do
it.
I don't know.
Okay, you just wanna exchange emails? Okay. Um
Okay uh what you say is okay um I'll just spell it out for you because it's weird. It's S. E. A. W. O. V. E. N. See woven at gmail dot com.
Would you repeat your name for me because Okay,
josie.
lucy
like
symptoms.
Right.
yeah. Do you read random question? Last question? Do you read e books or do you only read tangible books? Questions?
I,
I,
But I have, I really want to read
it
as,
Thank
you.
Same
go back and forth. I was asking because I might send you a book randomly. You don't have to read it,
but I might say, okay, go.
I got
your email. Okay.
Cool. So I'll let you go and, yeah. Okay. That's good.
It was
to give me too. Bye.