SPEAKER_L: Hey there,
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: how are you
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Good
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Very nice meeting you. My name is Kevin.
SPEAKER_R: Very nice to meet you. I'm Candy
SPEAKER_L: They can be very nice meeting. Yeah happy Wednesday as well. I know at least in my side of the world over here it certainly feels like a bit of a long
SPEAKER_R: Hope.
SPEAKER_L: week but looking forward to move things along for the summertime. Are you working from home as well?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I am, yep,
SPEAKER_L: What what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a financial analyst at a manufacturing company,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's awesome. I was actually a finance major back in college but I graduated in 2000 and eight and when I graduated there really were not a lot of finance jobs around. So I ended up going into I. T. And I work in I. T. Security. So I've been there for about 12 years down. It's been enjoyable but I will admit I very much enjoy yeah going through some of the reports and some of the financial numbers of I. T. Although I don't know if I would have loved in the end actually being a full time financial analyst. So I want to I would love to hear about your experience of financial analysts
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: and uh you know how you've been enjoying your time as a financial analyst?
SPEAKER_R: it's uh it's quite stressful to be honest with you. Um last long hours, especially like the beginning of the month which we consider our friend. Um You know, I mean most weeks you're pushing. Yeah, it's yeah uh so it's uh it's pretty busy, it keeps you on your toes for sure.
SPEAKER_L: I could imagine I can imagine uh do you enjoy and I don't know if you've done uh financial analysis and other organizations or other industries, but have you been in the manufacturing area the entire time or if you going into other areas?
SPEAKER_R: yep, I've been in manufacturing for a little over 11 years now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: my first seven years of the first one and five now at this one, so
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. The the organization that you're at, do they sort of give you enough resources to do what you need to do in order to get things done or do you find that you're working pretty hard? And it would be good to have some extra help along the way.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it absolutely would be good to have extra help. I mean right now it's uh we are shorthanded and they're not hiring because of this whole covid thing and um so we are absolutely struggling, we're very shorthanded right now.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Does your company do anything with the analysts say hello or interns
SPEAKER_R: Uh They do, they have some they have some interns um but a lot of them have already gone, I mean, you know, technically school has started, even though most of the classes are online, a lot of them have already gone back to, you know, whatever they're studying in school, so
SPEAKER_L: so that
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: interests.
SPEAKER_L: end up having interns that were there in house for a bit of time or you know, working for you and then now they're going back to school. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Is it more of like a formal interim program that your group or organization has? And how does it all work?
SPEAKER_R: it depends. Um So like in my in my department and the finance, it's nuts as formal. Um Whereas in other areas like engineers, that's probably our biggest department in the the building is the engineering department, that is definitely more formal because I think that's where, you know, most people come into my into my company would succeed. Um We need a lot of engineers in order to manufacture the parts that we did we make? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know, I'll tell you one of my buddies works in a finance is actually a financial analyst that an organization that wasn't manufacturing as well. Um And he was there for GS. It had to be like seven or eight years and he finally moved over to another organization. Still in the financial capacity, but more so I I know the organization name only because it's off one of the highways and they see the highway sign all the time only to find out that when he went to go work for, it's actually much larger organization than I ever thought. Um But its manufacturing as well. And he was going into all the different um all the different things that go into the manufacturing
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: organizations and especially the financial side of it. I was just blown away. Um But how pretty much agrees with exactly what you're saying and just how stressful it is and the holidays really are not exactly the holidays at least for him by december. You know you've got all these different things that are going on that you need to close the books up for and start working on a few other things. Very very
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course,
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: It sounds like you enjoy the work and enjoy the the atmosphere. Is would you be willing to stay with your organization for a bit of time or are you looking around a little bit?
SPEAKER_R: Short. Uh huh. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? You hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I can, that was weird, I've never had that happen
SPEAKER_L: I wonder what that you know,
SPEAKER_R: now,
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know if
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: your first time
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: doing this particular
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: setup. But I noticed that like with one of the other conversations I had as well, all of a sudden like 10
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: minutes in, there was a little bit of a delay and then I don't know what ended up happening. It's like all of a sudden my connection caught up or what it was, but I'm glad that everything worked out now. We'll
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: just repeat. You know what I was asking is uh it sounds like you really enjoy the organization, You enjoy financial analysis.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Is it something at least for the short term that you wanna continue doing at this organization or are you thinking and your eyes looking around a little bit?
SPEAKER_R: Um Right now I I like it. I mean I really do enjoy the job, it's just some days, you know, are worse than others and then some days you're just like oh my God, why do I do this, you know? But overall like I mean the process of doing the job and you know the quoting and the financial, the month and stuff, I mean I really do enjoy doing all of that. Um But actually at the company to for the past three years, aside from being a financial analyst during the week, I'm actually a weekend supervisor too. Mhm. Yeah, I started doing that because when I first started at this company, I mean it's a it's a very large company um and they make so many parts and so many things and you cannot it is very hard just coming off the street like not knowing anything about them. Um To learn when you're sitting behind a desk all day. So they were like well why don't you start you know um shadowing some of the supervisors and I'm like okay I'll do that. And the next thing you know it was like every weekend I was working one day a weekend as a supervisor and it's stuck and I've been doing it ever since and I I really thoroughly enjoyed that too. It's completely different than my normal you know 9 to 5. Well I'm not 9 to 5 but my normal work week.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's uh that's really awesome that you do that. I really enjoy the fact that not only are you getting to know the company from that paper point of view, but you're also getting to know it from almost like boots to ground, right? Uh and that's also really good for the career as well um you know as you look at you start building up your career with any organization knowing a little bit more than just the area that you're in is certainly helpful. Um Have you,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: are you doing at this point now for the knowledge or you do, I'm assuming they give you some type of extra stipend as well on the weekend like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they give you a little um you would you get paid your what your straight time would be based on your salary so you can't ever get like overtime or double time like the hourly people can but you know what your base rate would be. So I kind of do it for both to be honest. I mean there's still a lot out there um Actually with the whole covid um situation going on we've lost a lot of people um They I don't know if they just got so used to the unemployment and they were honestly making more money on unemployment than they are than they were working. Uh They just kind of quit so um they're very short handed on the manufacturing floor so for the past I want to say a month and a half every weekend. Um But I'm not a supervisor, I actually went in I think four times now and ran different machines so I learned how to run a machine
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: and do that. So it
SPEAKER_L: really running the
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: gamut of a lot of different things all of a sudden.
SPEAKER_R: I was telling one of my coworkers I'm like man I should just write my resume the other day. So I remember everything that I'm doing
SPEAKER_L: I know I know how did how did you enjoy the machine
SPEAKER_R: Edit.
SPEAKER_L: handling? I am not a machine handler so I take it from, I would probably freak out a little bit myself if I had to touch
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: these machines.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of work. It was a lot of work. I have a whole different you know respect for um those guys that are out there 8 to 12 hours running. You know I mean my arms were sore the next day like it was ridiculous like oh God I'm getting old
SPEAKER_L: Uh you know, I completely understand where you're coming from with like these creeks that occur. I started, I used to run all the time. I now have a two and four year old and it's been very tough especially with Covid um to go outside and to do a run. And I absolutely put on the Covid 19 along the way or Covid 15, not the Covid 19. Uh huh uh Covid 15 of just like enjoying food all of a sudden looking in the mirror one day I'm like what the hell? You know, I really need to start eating a little bit better. So I started running and you know, back in the day, it was nice. I was able to run a little bit and I was able to just get back into the group pretty quickly and not anymore. I'm noticing that it's taking a lot more time for
SPEAKER_R: Debatable.
SPEAKER_L: me to get back into that running group. But I noticed that my knees hurt just a little bit more, so I'm trying to take it from both approaches of eating a little bit better, but also exercising a little bit more while also balancing the two and four year old. I found it honestly should be pretty tough with working. I'm working from home right now, but you don't really have that separation of church and state of, you know, here's home, here is work, essentially, is always one and its culminating together along the way to make it certainly a little bit tougher, but hopefully surmountable as time moves on, interesting to hear about the organization and how it's been tough to find, folks. I've been reading that with some of the supermarket industry, uh
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: people that I used to work with way back in the day that they were having some problems trying to find some folks because of the economic stipend. Is the company doing anything to make up for that or they just hopefully waiting not hopefully but waiting for the unemployment like that extra
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: unemployment
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to start running
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: out in november december.
SPEAKER_R: did run out so it just
SPEAKER_L: it did.
SPEAKER_R: ran out. Yeah. So they're hoping to get more um more individuals and they have slowly but surely but you know there's a you know a time period of training that they have to go through you know so it's not it's they have to go through orientation and be trained on the machines and so it's still challenging in the beginning uh What their thinking is within the next couple months everything should level out. We should kind of go back to more of a normal I mean if you want to call all this normal um situation but I mean still no word as far as like when we're going to go back to work if we're going to even go back to work I don't know I'm so used to working from home now. I've been here since March. Um
SPEAKER_L: Do you like it?
SPEAKER_R: I do it's got it has its I've gotten so used to it that yes, now I think it would feel really weird to go back to a five day work week. Um But you know there are certain days where I'm like, oh I wish I had, you know these files or I wish I had that big printer copier machine that I have in the office um You know, so there's certain things, sometimes it's a little more challenging to get ahold of somebody. Um You know, you can call an email as many times, but you can't like, you know, storm down to their office, you know, so it's easier to uh it's easier to hide a little bit I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I I totally understand where you're coming from and I just noticed that jp morgan came out with this new directive for their workers where they want people to show up like two or three days a week and then the other few days you work from home. And I feel like and I'm honestly sort of selfishly hoping that that's where it ends up killing were like you do the share IT model if you work from home when you can you go into the office when you can, but you're not forced to go into the office five days a week. I do agree with you on that. I think that those days probably are done. Um Although I'll be honest, I don't know if I could do five days a week working from home up until like perpetuity.
SPEAKER_R: My whole,
SPEAKER_L: One of my buddies from college just told me that his company hasn't gone back to work either um in the office, but he's putting in for a permanent work from home exception because he just, it feels like it's uh he likes working from home and I said to him like okay that sounds good, but think about it, you know, you're going to work, this is only my interpretation of it, You're gonna work from now until retirement, so let's give it like 25 years or so that you're going to work and you're not going to leave the house and then you're going to retire, you're gonna be home most likely and then you're dead. So you're going to be home for like, and that just like blows my mind. I would need to get out of the house and two not to feel like an adult. Again, I don't, I feel like I'm much more of a homely individuals since being being at home, but I do
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: agree. I don't think that like Fridays are a great example. I've noticed at work lately, it's been very, very quiet on friday and for me to just sit in an office and do absolutely nothing makes no sense. Um, I originally thought that no. Are you familiar with like we work and somebody shared locations that some of the larger cities have. So
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's like a cocoa share model where like whether you're a freelancer or you're a small organization, you share workspace. It's called like a co office or something like that and it's nice, but you know, at the time we work was going through all these different issues with going for an I. P. O.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: And all their bad financials came out when we work IPO came out, they ultimately did not go public because of all this. And when Covid 19 happened, it was only like a few weeks if not like a month or two after this whole bombshell. The financial announcement came out from uh we work. So I was texting one of my buddies like I don't
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: think we were actually going to really make it through this like, as you know, companies that are just on bad footing to begin with really are not going to be doing very well in any recession saying with this as well. But then you know as you know september's
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: rolling around. I'm thinking of myself actually makes a little bit more sense because if companies want to consolidate their office space and they don't want people
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: going into these massive office buildings yet they still want some type of presence. Maybe they do like a co work or a share of the location where for example you leave your house, you go to the office down the street, it's a co share with a few other co workers in the area, you're out of your house but you don't have to travel all the way to the office and then you still have that mentality of I'm going to the the office so you're going to an office, you're also leaving the house, but you still have that flexibility to work where you want, wherever you want. And I'm wondering like if that's where things are going to go as time moves on because I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: don't want to go back for five days a week either. I don't know like what your organization has started saying about it. I mean, have they started talking about like what that returned to work looks like from your vantage point? No, they haven't
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: even talked
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: it. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: not and I mean it's weird it depends on the position that you hold to be honest with you. So like my my area finance accounting um purchasing I. T know nobody has to come in. Um None of we have it's completely optional lately I've been going in one day a week if you know if I go in I go in on a Tuesday. Um But there has been no sign or nothing about going back to work at all however you work machine on the floor obviously you're there every day. Um And then also the engineers. It depends on what role that you hold. Um And how needed you actually are on the floor itself.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Are the workers that are going in all the time? Are they happy about it or they just like sort of accepting the fact that they need to go in and I'm sure it's been sort of like this for a while now or are they complaining a lot? Like a other folks aren't going in. How come we have to go in?
SPEAKER_R: At first they were complaining of it right like well why do all these areas good to you know stay home and we have to be here. Um But I think the plant manager and um they did a really good job of kind of you know breaking it down and they are also allowing them to be more flexible as well. So the supervisors that are there on a daily basis watching the floor, they're not held to you know what they used to work probably 10 hours a day, 9 to 10. Now it's like okay now after seven or eight you know depending on how today's going. Like there are a lot more flexible and I think that they they are accepting of that and they're enjoying that. So you haven't heard any complaints over the past few months, it was all sort of in the beginning until they got this squared away and I think everyone just so used to where they are now.
SPEAKER_L: Are most of the manufacturing lines sort of the same in terms of the capacity from pre covid? Or did you notice like this really big uptick? Obviously, I don't know what organization groups in, but some of these industries have really changed over the last few months.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's minds in the auto industry, so it's uh it's went in the beginning, everyone was really worried because you know ford and General Motors and everybody was shot in their doors um up in michigan and stuff like that. So I mean everyone was worried our headquarters is in michigan um So we're like okay, we don't know what to expect, so they ended up furloughing a handful of employees. I was lucky enough to not be furloughed um for a bit, I worked from home since March and that's the way it stayed, so for a couple months up until I think it was about May um a lot of our employees were laid off furloughed, I mean they did have a a slight restructuring, so there were a few people that got let go. Um some of the newer people that hadn't been there very long and stuff, so I mean, um they just did kind of organizational revamping um but yeah, I mean it just when everyone came back um it is much better and now we're at a point where the orders from the auto manufacturers are just absolutely astronomical. Like we are working a seven day, 24 7 work week right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I did not realize that it was so different now from september of september from like March, uh is it? Um So if you're in the car industry, like is
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: it more of like the the incentives that are starting to get some of the folks back in, or is it more like what happened back in March and april where in, I believe it was GM, the GM started making some of the not defibrillators, uh, ventilators
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: started
SPEAKER_R: elevators,
SPEAKER_L: making some of the ventilators that were obviously a required manufacturing but weren't really part of the auto industry. Uh, so is it more of like that, or is it more of the demand starting to return?
SPEAKER_R: the demand is returning. So we make, we make parts for the transmissions for yeah, so we build these like plates that go into the transmissions of vehicles. So that's what we do at our company and forward and like general Motors and Chrysler. They're all our, some of our biggest customers. So we kind of, we act however, you know, wherever they are. So when they came back from Covid, it was just like, I don't know if they were playing like, oh my God, we have to catch up or we gotta, but I mean the orders just started flying in.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's, that's darn good news. I mean, you know, I look at it so long story short, we had one of the hurricanes come rolling through my area about three or four weeks ago and I moved my car so there wouldn't be a branch falling on it. And I didn't realize that one of the other trees sort of right next door with a little bit of wind can go and hit my tree or hit my car. That's exactly what it did. So we finally got our car back. Uh, she's yesterday and we're driving it around. So we don't where I live, you don't really need a car most circumstances. Now. It's a little bit different covid, but you don't really need a car. So we just have this one car between the four of us, my wife and my two daughters, uh, and I didn't have any rental policy because again, like before it was nice, like I had all the public transportation. I had, I was working where I didn't really need to drive in and my wife didn't need the car to go to work. So it worked out fine. Long story short, three weeks, no car, no rental. We felt like we were back in quarantine all over again. So I bring this up on it because we started looking at cars
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: again and I'm like, well, you know, maybe it's that time just start looking at a little bit newer of a car or maybe slightly upgraded right now. I've got a 2000 and 14 Toyota Corolla. It's great. It's got a lot of gas pedal, it's got a steering wheel, you know, it
SPEAKER_R: I have a Corolla
SPEAKER_L: gets me
SPEAKER_R: two, I have a 2017.
SPEAKER_L: Hi five, Yeah, I love the Corollas and I'm looking to upgrade a little bit again going full circle. The reason why I bring up the whole thing is because I noticed how many incentives there were for some of the rav fours and some of the larger vehicles and we ended up really not deciding to go with any new car. I think we're just going to write it out for a little bit with the updated car. But I was surprised at some of the incentives that were out there for cars. Even the Toyota is like the Corolla. Um it's funny you mentioned 2000 and 17 because I was leasing a Corolla, This is a few years back, I think it was 2000 and 13 and it was 2000 and 14 at the time, but at least in 2000 and 13 Corolla and it was a little price here than I thought it was gonna be. So I ended up transferring the least and I got a used Corolla from a dealership and ended up paying it off about a year and a half
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: ago.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so we went about three years without having a car. Finally got the car only
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to find out as a total heads off. If you ever were to get a car from like one of these like rental
SPEAKER_R: Want
SPEAKER_L: car
SPEAKER_R: to play,
SPEAKER_L: dealerships, stupid on my part. Like I didn't really think about like what people probably do when they're driving a rental. They don't really care all that much about the car.
SPEAKER_R: nope,
SPEAKER_L: Um, so there were a few repairs they needed to do on the car right off the bat and that was sort of like bad on the, I probably should have realized. The other thing
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: too is
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: there was no, uh, not steering, what he called cruise control. There's no cruise control on it. So I brought up with the dealership after and they said that's a feature, what are you talking about the future? It's 2000 and 14, you know, it should be something that's standard on a car. So there are a lot of lessons learned on that. And again, that's what I'm sort of hoping for with the new car coming up was like, maybe I could have power steering and uh, you know, I don't know, things that are good for 2000 and 20
SPEAKER_R: Do you have quite a few miles on it? I heard Corollas last for forever. I mean you know
SPEAKER_L: you're,
SPEAKER_R: open
SPEAKER_L: you're 100%
SPEAKER_R: to ride mine out.
SPEAKER_L: so I will actively admit that my mother has my old Corolla, which was in 2000 and three Corolla, so she just keeps it around the house more as like a secondary car and that things got about 200,000 on it and probably has a good 200 K. To go. You know as long as you don't abuse the heck out of it and you know keep it well oiled and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: everything. It probably is good for another 200 K. The one I have right now we gotta at 35 from and he was enterprise. Um And then it's gonna let's call like 80 80 on it now so it's not new for sure and it's a bit of a trading value. I just don't know if I like monitoring it in just yet because it's still in 2000 and
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: 14 it's still okay like it's fine. Are you like a car person?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not really like I mean I I get used to talking about cars because of work. Um but like you know if you would ask me this five years ago before starting to work at my company, I mean I enjoy cars but my thing is I drive so much and I live like I live in the Chicago land area. So I live I mean there's traffic everywhere. My commute to work if I'm driving is like an hour. I mean I drive at least I think it's 35 miles one way, so I'm putting 70 miles on my car every single day. So I car like brand new in 2017 and it's already as almost 90,000 and I'm like, oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: my God. Really? Huh. Well
SPEAKER_R: so that's why I asked because I heard that they last a long time and I really hope that, you know, to keep this car around, I don't want to, you know, I'm gonna still be paying it off for a while.
SPEAKER_L: I'll tell you 2000, I'm sorry Toyota Corolla. They're fantastic car. Anything Toyota related, as long as you bring it in for the maintenance every once in a while, um, you really should be good to go. I've been very, very impressive. Two Toyotas and I said, my mother's got the old Corolla. She has a camera. I think it's a 2000 and seven or 2000 and eight. It looks good. Still.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: She doesn't drive much at all. So it only has about 90 K for 2000 and 7, 2000 and eight and it operates great.
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: So as long as you just do what you need to do with the car and bring it in for the maintenance, you really should be good to go. And that's one of the beauties of the Toyotas. Um, and the condoms as well. They're really good strong cars. And I will say,
SPEAKER_R: Next.
SPEAKER_L: and I know we're almost at the time, but one thing I would love to close up with is I do miss commuting. I know that sounds bizarre. I
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: if I want, well I, I don't, I used to commute about, about the scene is what you were saying before I moved to where I was and what was nice is like I got to listen to the radio or my podcast and now it's a little bit different where like I'll go on the subway. I do listen to podcasts, but it's not like that same, like zone out because it's always light in the subway. Like you don't get those like days of a little bit of weather or I know it's, it's weird and I'm sure if I had a commute again for like one week a big, no, no, no, I'm done with this. I really don't want to anymore. Um, but yeah, I I totally see what you mean. Well, hey, I know that we're about up on time and I appreciate you having a quick chat. It was very, very nice meeting you, candy, and
SPEAKER_R: Youtube.
SPEAKER_L: looking forward to. Uh well, good luck with everything, especially with all the shifts that you're working and all the work that you put into the financial analysis job and best of luck to you.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Best of luck to you and your family.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thank you so much. Bye bye.
SPEAKER_R: They