Good,
how are you doing?
What?
Very nice to meet you. I'm Candy
Hope.
Yes, I am, yep,
I'm a financial analyst at a manufacturing company,
But
it's uh it's quite stressful to be honest with you. Um last long hours, especially like the beginning of the month which we consider our friend. Um You know, I mean most weeks you're pushing. Yeah, it's yeah uh so it's uh it's pretty busy, it keeps you on your toes for sure.
yep, I've been in manufacturing for a little over 11 years now. Yeah,
yeah,
my first seven years of the first one and five now at this one, so
yeah, it absolutely would be good to have extra help. I mean right now it's uh we are shorthanded and they're not hiring because of this whole covid thing and um so we are absolutely struggling, we're very shorthanded right now.
Uh They do, they have some they have some interns um but a lot of them have already gone, I mean, you know, technically school has started, even though most of the classes are online, a lot of them have already gone back to, you know, whatever they're studying in school, so
our
interests.
Yes,
it depends. Um So like in my in my department and the finance, it's nuts as formal. Um Whereas in other areas like engineers, that's probably our biggest department in the the building is the engineering department, that is definitely more formal because I think that's where, you know, most people come into my into my company would succeed. Um We need a lot of engineers in order to manufacture the parts that we did we make? Yeah.
Well
Yeah, of course,
that's
Short. Uh huh. No. Yeah.
Yes, I can, that was weird, I've never had that happen
now,
I
want
to
thank
you.
So
What?
So
Um Right now I I like it. I mean I really do enjoy the job, it's just some days, you know, are worse than others and then some days you're just like oh my God, why do I do this, you know? But overall like I mean the process of doing the job and you know the quoting and the financial, the month and stuff, I mean I really do enjoy doing all of that. Um But actually at the company to for the past three years, aside from being a financial analyst during the week, I'm actually a weekend supervisor too. Mhm. Yeah, I started doing that because when I first started at this company, I mean it's a it's a very large company um and they make so many parts and so many things and you cannot it is very hard just coming off the street like not knowing anything about them. Um To learn when you're sitting behind a desk all day. So they were like well why don't you start you know um shadowing some of the supervisors and I'm like okay I'll do that. And the next thing you know it was like every weekend I was working one day a weekend as a supervisor and it's stuck and I've been doing it ever since and I I really thoroughly enjoyed that too. It's completely different than my normal you know 9 to 5. Well I'm not 9 to 5 but my normal work week.
What?
Yeah they give you a little um you would you get paid your what your straight time would be based on your salary so you can't ever get like overtime or double time like the hourly people can but you know what your base rate would be. So I kind of do it for both to be honest. I mean there's still a lot out there um Actually with the whole covid um situation going on we've lost a lot of people um They I don't know if they just got so used to the unemployment and they were honestly making more money on unemployment than they are than they were working. Uh They just kind of quit so um they're very short handed on the manufacturing floor so for the past I want to say a month and a half every weekend. Um But I'm not a supervisor, I actually went in I think four times now and ran different machines so I learned how to run a machine
and do that. So it
was
I was telling one of my coworkers I'm like man I should just write my resume the other day. So I remember everything that I'm doing
Edit.
It's
a lot of work. It was a lot of work. I have a whole different you know respect for um those guys that are out there 8 to 12 hours running. You know I mean my arms were sore the next day like it was ridiculous like oh God I'm getting old
Debatable.
All right.
I'm
like
it
did run out so it just
ran out. Yeah. So they're hoping to get more um more individuals and they have slowly but surely but you know there's a you know a time period of training that they have to go through you know so it's not it's they have to go through orientation and be trained on the machines and so it's still challenging in the beginning uh What their thinking is within the next couple months everything should level out. We should kind of go back to more of a normal I mean if you want to call all this normal um situation but I mean still no word as far as like when we're going to go back to work if we're going to even go back to work I don't know I'm so used to working from home now. I've been here since March. Um
I do it's got it has its I've gotten so used to it that yes, now I think it would feel really weird to go back to a five day work week. Um But you know there are certain days where I'm like, oh I wish I had, you know these files or I wish I had that big printer copier machine that I have in the office um You know, so there's certain things, sometimes it's a little more challenging to get ahold of somebody. Um You know, you can call an email as many times, but you can't like, you know, storm down to their office, you know, so it's easier to uh it's easier to hide a little bit I guess.
My whole,
What?
No.
What
What?
Absolutely.
All
No.
not
at
all
not and I mean it's weird it depends on the position that you hold to be honest with you. So like my my area finance accounting um purchasing I. T know nobody has to come in. Um None of we have it's completely optional lately I've been going in one day a week if you know if I go in I go in on a Tuesday. Um But there has been no sign or nothing about going back to work at all however you work machine on the floor obviously you're there every day. Um And then also the engineers. It depends on what role that you hold. Um And how needed you actually are on the floor itself.
At first they were complaining of it right like well why do all these areas good to you know stay home and we have to be here. Um But I think the plant manager and um they did a really good job of kind of you know breaking it down and they are also allowing them to be more flexible as well. So the supervisors that are there on a daily basis watching the floor, they're not held to you know what they used to work probably 10 hours a day, 9 to 10. Now it's like okay now after seven or eight you know depending on how today's going. Like there are a lot more flexible and I think that they they are accepting of that and they're enjoying that. So you haven't heard any complaints over the past few months, it was all sort of in the beginning until they got this squared away and I think everyone just so used to where they are now.
Yeah, it's minds in the auto industry, so it's uh it's went in the beginning, everyone was really worried because you know ford and General Motors and everybody was shot in their doors um up in michigan and stuff like that. So I mean everyone was worried our headquarters is in michigan um So we're like okay, we don't know what to expect, so they ended up furloughing a handful of employees. I was lucky enough to not be furloughed um for a bit, I worked from home since March and that's the way it stayed, so for a couple months up until I think it was about May um a lot of our employees were laid off furloughed, I mean they did have a a slight restructuring, so there were a few people that got let go. Um some of the newer people that hadn't been there very long and stuff, so I mean, um they just did kind of organizational revamping um but yeah, I mean it just when everyone came back um it is much better and now we're at a point where the orders from the auto manufacturers are just absolutely astronomical. Like we are working a seven day, 24 7 work week right now. Yeah,
Well,
that
elevators,
the demand is returning. So we make, we make parts for the transmissions for yeah, so we build these like plates that go into the transmissions of vehicles. So that's what we do at our company and forward and like general Motors and Chrysler. They're all our, some of our biggest customers. So we kind of, we act however, you know, wherever they are. So when they came back from Covid, it was just like, I don't know if they were playing like, oh my God, we have to catch up or we gotta, but I mean the orders just started flying in.
What?
I have a Corolla
two, I have a 2017.
Look
what?
Well
Want
to play,
nope,
Thank
you.
Do you have quite a few miles on it? I heard Corollas last for forever. I mean you know
open
to ride mine out.
No.
no,
I'm not really like I mean I I get used to talking about cars because of work. Um but like you know if you would ask me this five years ago before starting to work at my company, I mean I enjoy cars but my thing is I drive so much and I live like I live in the Chicago land area. So I live I mean there's traffic everywhere. My commute to work if I'm driving is like an hour. I mean I drive at least I think it's 35 miles one way, so I'm putting 70 miles on my car every single day. So I car like brand new in 2017 and it's already as almost 90,000 and I'm like, oh my God.
so that's why I asked because I heard that they last a long time and I really hope that, you know, to keep this car around, I don't want to, you know, I'm gonna still be paying it off for a while.
that's
hey.
Next.
That
is
weird.
Youtube.
Thank you. Best of luck to you and your family.
They