SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I mean that's Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Whitney
SPEAKER_R: I'm Megan.
SPEAKER_L: Meghan High. So where are you? Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: uh Like where like where my thumb? I'm in texas. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I am in Mississippi just outside of Memphis Tennessee.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I said yes, I'm I'm near Dallas. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: gotcha. I was just there two weekends ago. Yes, it's a great place.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I actually don't ever go to um I don't actually go downtown that much. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I was actually I was visiting my niece and um plano. They live in play now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have forgotten lives there too. I'm actually fairly close together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do you do
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm a student right now, I'm studying computer science. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: meet how I've been out of college for a really long time. So I am I worked for a company, I'm an analyst and I work for a company that sells like um bath and beauty products to big reach
SPEAKER_R: Has Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how long have you been in college?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually in my freshman here.
SPEAKER_L: Are you all so exciting? Of course. Are you doing it mostly virtually. Are you in person?
SPEAKER_R: It's mostly yeah all my classes ended up being moved online like a month,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. How's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that going?
SPEAKER_R: um I actually liked it more than in person, it gives me a lot more flexibility.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I get that. Yeah. Well good. Uh you
SPEAKER_R: Has?
SPEAKER_L: said you have a family close by?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I do. It's pretty nice. Has most of your stuff been moved online?
SPEAKER_L: Um well, so I've I've worked for this company for 14 years and I've been working from home the whole time. So nothing that didn't
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: change for me, so I never went into an office, so I just kept working. But then for a while I had my kids here um
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: doing their home school, but they're back doing in person learning now. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it seems really convenient just working from home in general.
SPEAKER_L: it really is. I've loved it. Um When I married my husband, he was in the military, he was so we had to move around a lot the first, you know eight years we were married. And it was nice because I didn't have to go find a new job every time we moved. And then also just when I had my kids I was able to get someone to come into our home to help me take care of them so I could work, but I was still here so I didn't feel like I missed anything when they were little. It was really nice.
SPEAKER_R: Let's always
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I liked it a lot. I know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. I guess what I'm okay. I don't know what you talk about,
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: honestly.
SPEAKER_L: it's so weird. It's very, it's it's odd trying to find a conversation when they don't give any parameters or anything to talk about right now,
SPEAKER_R: guess. Yeah. What do you like doing outside of work?
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um My kids are, my girls are 10 and 12, so they're starting to get more and more busy, so I don't have just a whole lot of free time to do much. So I guess the things I enjoy or like things to do with the family, like going to their games or you know, helping them with, you know, they just play the violin and do dance and different things, so have fun, you know, just doing the mom step, which sounds incredibly boring, but it's actually, it's, I'm enjoying this time, you know, I actually enjoy it a little more than I did when they were really little. Um So and we we moved a couple of months ago, I mean not far like five minutes from where we lived before, but this new neighborhood house, like bike trails and so we've had a lot of fun as a family just going to ride bikes or take the dog on walks and meet new people and
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's really sweet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So what about you, what do you like to do in your spare time?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've been seeing, I've been seeing a couple of people's, I've just been I guess spending time with them just hanging out with. Obviously I'm limiting my social contact to very few people, but I think we um we usually just, we have like common interests in terms of tv so we just let's watch stuff like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I loved we watch a lot of tv too, especially with quarantine when you can't really go do anything else other than ride bikes or hang out outside. Um But it's been nice because I guess because everybody's feeling like they stuck inside in the evenings, like so many people are out walking and biking and so we've been able to kind of meet our neighbors from, you know, and keep a healthy distance, but the outside and it's nice. Yeah. Yeah. So did you go to high school in in texas, I mean, or even the same area you grew up in?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm really close, I didn't end up going very far because of the college that I'm going to is fairly good, so why would I go super far because it's morning.
SPEAKER_L: I would love it if my kids stayed home for a while so I'm not ready for them to leave. So I would be perfectly happy if they did college from home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I I live on campus, but I can go home easily every weekend, so it's pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: that is nice. That's very nice. I bet your family loves that too. Yeah. So have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: I've done one of these before, have you?
SPEAKER_L: I have and it's, you know, it's a difference, the odd experience, but.
SPEAKER_R: But it's definitely a different experience.
SPEAKER_L: It's not like it's hard or anything. So have you do you do testing on other sites?
SPEAKER_R: Uh like surveys. I I just mostly is prolific. I tried using mturk, but my I didn't get accepted into that. I don't, I just know that they periodically changed who can can't use it, but I don't know how to do it, so. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I did. I did it, but whenever I went to sign up, it said that I had already signed up. But I seriously don't remember ever setting it up and I had never done anything with it. So I had to go through the whole process of like trying to get accepted all over again and it took it took months for them to get back to me. It was odd, but they did get back to me. So I do it now, but I don't know how people end up making a ton of money because it's like you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: a penny here and two cents there and maybe five cents there, you know what I mean? I think it takes a long time to get to a place where you're actually making any useful money,
SPEAKER_R: So is it like, as of now is not really worth your time?
SPEAKER_L: You know? No, I mean like, I think I think I made $2 in the last two weeks that I did stuff which I didn't do a lot. But still, but from what I've read and understand if you stick with it and like once I get past like 1000 hits, then I'll start getting offered better staff. So
SPEAKER_R: How long do the hits take though?
SPEAKER_L: well okay so I'm I read up on him and I'm really careful about what I do because you can when you go through like there's only certain things that you're qualified for at the beginning, like not very much stuff and then
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I always have her over the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the the person That put the job out. I have forever. Because you can see and I saw that people say like if they don't
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: have at least 95% acceptance rate for the hits, like don't take it. So I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: real selective about that. But so a lot of the things I've done or like it will have me or give me a link to like go somewhere and look for, say a doctor's name. And then if it comes up then I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have to like put in the address and phone number of the doctor And hit submit some of those take less than two minutes. But they're penny each. And then I've done some surveys that are, they're usually not long on there. The surveys are usually like 3-5 minutes. Um And that's really all I've done is stuff like that. One time I had to click on uh like it was a craigslist length and all they wanted me to do for the link was to put the phone number and email address and they're very odd. I wonder what they use them for.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh it's probably too like I've done stuff like that before on other platforms. I'm I'm thinking it might be to artificially change search results. I'm not sure though.
SPEAKER_L: maybe so.
SPEAKER_R: No, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But you have to be so careful because if you get very many rejections then it hurts your Score or whatever. And then then then you can't do anything because people won't take you if you don't have like at least like 98 acceptance, right? So you just kind of have to be careful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah. Especially at the beginning I would imagine, but that seems to be doing, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is, it is, but I can't, I mean, you see, I see online places where people talk about making such good extra like side hustle money. So I'm like, maybe, I mean I'm trying to kind of stick with it slowly and maybe once I get past the 1000 it'll be worth my while. I don't know. But you might ought to try to um Yes, them to accept you again. Because when they finally did answer me after I went through the process of asking to reset it, um the reason they told me that the reason I had been rejected was a glitch on their end. I mean that's all it ever said. It didn't they didn't give me a specific reason. So it might be worth a shot. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll just wait and see what happens for now I guess. But was a customer service and like the inefficient for Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. They were like, nobody got back to me. In fact, at one point I was like, what is going on? I tried to resubmit it and it wouldn't. And this message popped up basically they said, you know, well they're working on it and we'll get back to you. But nothing's ever really said. And like I said, it ended up like months later, I finally got an email that said, okay, you're back in. Even though I don't ever remember getting in the first place.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Very strange. So, um, but I've done other sites to like um, intel is um have you done them?
SPEAKER_R: I have not. Is it uh profitable? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So with that one it's where you like, usually it's something like a prototype and you have to talk through it as you're going through it so they can hear you. Most of them they don't record your record, you like it's in a webcam that's just your voice and you talk through it as you do it. So for that one um like if you're working with a prototype or like Um entering a survey you get $8 and usually they're like 15 minutes or less and then they do it. They have a lot of these cards sorts. So like they'll say this is a a like a banking website. What budget do you think these Headings need to go into? So you sort the cards and the cards sorts are $5 each and probably take five minutes. So it's pretty it's easy money for you know, pretty quickly.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds good. I might do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's called in tele zoom. So definitely. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: do you have a job or a school district job?
SPEAKER_R: I don't have a job yet. My parents were, my parents would, they actually said that they prepared. I didn't work the first semester so I could focus on my studies, but I'm planning to get a dog hopefully next semester I can make my own money and be a bit more independent in that sense. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So do you have a remainer, do you live alone?
SPEAKER_R: I have a roommate but with the way that the dorms I set up, I don't really talk to her much. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: They're keeping everybody pretty separate. That's good. That's really good. I just can't imagine going to. So does that mean did you graduate from high school last year?
SPEAKER_R: Yes I did.
SPEAKER_L: So was that really weird with the not getting to have a real finished your senior year and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: it was it was a bit weird I I ended up just doing some things online with friends for a problem and such and for graduation we asked my school actually ended up getting a stadium and just social social distancing everyone. I put that in quotes because a lot of people didn't actually follow it and I don't really trust medical district as a result but yes there was something at least.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good. I just thought my next door neighbor from where we lived before we moved here this summer, she was a senior and I felt so sad for her because all of the normal things that you look forward to doing in your senior year, they didn't get to do. It was kind of sad. And I also think it would be odd in a way, of course you don't know any different. But I think it would be really weird to start your freshman year of college with things the way they are right now. Like is this not the typical experience? But at least you have nothing to compare it to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's true mm I guess with my with the way my school is they're not super they're not as social anyway so I've talked to some upperclassmen like faith said oh the campus isn't that active even outside of Covid so that's not
SPEAKER_L: So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: much difference.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you hoping to do with your degree? Like what do you want to do someday?
SPEAKER_R: Um I actually I actually don't know the exact, I guess exactly what I want to do because I'm so early into this, I just know ai and cybersecurity are interesting, so a job involving that maybe research. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's name something I know nothing about and
SPEAKER_R: I don't know much other people, it's I guess really early, I don't consider myself proficient in any of the thing.
SPEAKER_L: right, right, so are you are you just doing like your basic core classes right now to get those out of the way?
SPEAKER_R: I've been doing as many as those at community college as possible, but
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's great.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, it's just it's just introductory classes, it's mostly some of them are pretty easy, so that's been nice. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. You think
SPEAKER_R: I guess
SPEAKER_L: you'll stay,
SPEAKER_R: what was?
SPEAKER_L: you think you'll stay in this in that area? Would you want to stay in texas?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I think so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's so much opportunity there. I mean that that whole area, there's so much to do and I don't know, I could live there. I think I love it.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I don't know, like I don't spend a lot of time downtown granted, so my opinion of Dallas I guess is a little skewed by that, but I've actually wanted to live in new york at some point because yeah, it seems like I went there for a week. I went to new york city for a week and it seems like a lot of fun because it's always busy and I guess I like that atmosphere a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I always thought when I was younger, like I would have loved to have done it and part of me wishes I had, if I, if I was going to do it, you should do it before you. You know, if you're ever going to have a family then you would want to do it before then too. I think it would be, I think that'll be a great fun place to live when you're young and single and have the freedom to go and enjoy the, all the things that already do in the city. So what I do, I like the hustle and bustle of it too. It's exciting. And then we're taking art. Well we're supposed to, we'll see, we're taking our girls. They're not this christmas but next christmas, but they haven't been yet. So have you been at christmas time?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Not not during the winter it
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: seems
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: like it would be great.
SPEAKER_L: it's magical. I love it. So much fun. In fact, um, I've been to the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade a couple of times, so much fun and then, you know, they have everything decorated. It's just, it's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: really, it's a really neat place to be during the holidays.
SPEAKER_R: it seems like an amazing experience um in person because I've just seen the thanksgiving parade on T. V. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: is. It's so cool. And like the night
SPEAKER_R: hm
SPEAKER_L: before the parade, you can walk around and see like all the teams working on the balloons and stuff and getting ready and starting to blow them up. It was just, it was cool. So, and
SPEAKER_R: Working
SPEAKER_L: then we went and saw the rockets and
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: which I didn't think I would, I was kind of like not sure if I wanted to go, but it was really neat to see in person and I want to go see Hamilton on broadway.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Uh when my family went and we ended up trying to book a broadway show but it was sold out so far in advance in this. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well, which, who knows what the way things are. I don't know what that's gonna look like, you know, a year from now, who knows what the world is going to look like a year from now. So just have to wait and see. But I would love to go my kids. It's so funny. Like they knew all the Hamilton music before I did. It's funny to see like I'll have a car full of 10 and 12 year olds back there just singing all the words to Hamilton. So
SPEAKER_R: Hamilton
SPEAKER_L: cute.
SPEAKER_R: got so popular a
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: lot of make things like
SPEAKER_L: Have you heard the music? Have you listened to it?
SPEAKER_R: I listened to a little bit a lot of people I know put it all the time that they get so excited when someone mentions they like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I mean it's it's the guy that wrote it was just a genius. I see, I was kind of like what is all, what's the hype about? What is the big deal? But then once I started hearing the music I was like wow, it really is really good.
SPEAKER_R: It's just really catch
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So anyway, hopefully one day
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: we'll get to go um have you gone on vacation or anything in the past year or?
SPEAKER_R: Um in the past year, not really with covid that much, but yeah. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: so we took the kids um spring break to Disney and it was right before Covid hit. So like the week after we left everything shut down, it was so weird. So we did get one trip in before everything happened, but it was it's been very different. It's where it's hard for the kids because they don't really, I mean they understand that they, and I think, you know, it's hard when your little to see, to understand the seriousness, you know, the impact that it can have. So, you know, they just miss playing with friends and
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: Is that school stuff? Mostly independent or?
SPEAKER_L: So. No, it has been said it's been a weird experience. I was really concerned. I did not want them to go back to school. Was not excited when the school said yeah we're doing this. Um They have to wear masks every
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: day all day and they have like plexi glass at the desk, you know, to kind of shield them. Um But then there's other times where they're like, they walk out of the school in little packs so it's like I I appreciate the effort the schools making while they're in class and stuff and like in the cafeteria there every other seat, whatever
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Mhm. All
SPEAKER_L: my daughter said, like when the bell rings, like in their their lockers, they're all right there together talking. So it's a little scary. But you know, so far it's been really good. I figured we'd be shutting down all the time. The third week of school. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All the high school um had to go home for two weeks because I guess some of the football team got it
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: and it was starting to spread Starting to spread. So they
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's a good
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: treats
SPEAKER_L: just said
SPEAKER_R: me,
SPEAKER_L: the whole high school
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: go home for two weeks and they did and I mean it hasn't been bad, there have been a few cases here and there, but I figured it was just going to be rampant throughout the whole school and it hasn't been so it's been good and of course you don't know what the kids that they have it and they're just asymptomatic. I don't know. So we're all just doing the best we can. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I guess from what my friends who are still in high school have been saying it's been similar to that like I guess especially when I see people posting on social media obviously not social distancing. It's a it's a little bit worrying like, but I'm I'm just glad I'm not there more than anything because I don't really trust the school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know. Well it is hard to know, it's just hard to know what to think. You know, every every time I feel like I started to like stop worrying so much and think well it's going to be fine then all know somebody who knows somebody who died from it, you know what I mean? And then I'm like and you remember oh yeah, it's really serious. So I don't know, I don't know what to think. I'll be glad when it's over but you know, I think I guess last isn't it starting to climb
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: again?
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't been keeping up with the statistics as closely. I stopped a few months in because it was the same, but, but my parents work in the medical field and I know that my that they're starting to test vaccines right now, so that's good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully that will be here before too long. Yeah, I don't know. But then again I don't even, you know like it's like I want more information before I give it to my Children. It that's a little scary to trying to decide what to do. But
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: we'll see when I'm trying to take it one day at a time we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, it is what it is at this point.
SPEAKER_L: it really is. So, so your parents are in the medical field? Oh wow. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they have they had to be up hospitals or facilities where there's people sick or?
SPEAKER_R: Not really. They're more like um I guess they're more separated from like the from the big hospitals where everything is going on, like, you know, they don't really come in contact with covid patients that
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: off. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it's one of the harder things for us has been my, you know we're really close to my parents. My kids are very close to my parents to they live five hours away but they visit all the time. It was really hard making it through the whole summer like not seeing them because I didn't want to put them at risk because they're older so that's
SPEAKER_R: that's right.
SPEAKER_L: been rough. But I don't know. We'll see. Are you going anywhere for thanksgiving? Going home for thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm going home. It's going to end up I'm probably going to end up being home for about a month and a half before the second semester starts so that's going to be nice. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good. That's very good. And
SPEAKER_R: Present.
SPEAKER_L: when do you do you all shut down from thanksgiving until the end of the year or do you go back after thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_R: Um We're shutting down from thanksgiving up until january so that's going to be a good thing apparently because people are going to spread covid from thanksgiving break but apparently not from summer so it's probably just because of the college wants money.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Because and the other thing is like we had fall break, I don't know if you'll get fall break and everybody came back from fall break and I was like, I wonder what's going to happen. But so far it's not been a big deal. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. At least they're keeping things under control relatively.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. For sure. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: don't even know how long we've almost made it were like 30
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: seconds out. Yes. Cool. Is the weather still get there? Is it hot?
SPEAKER_R: It's still hot. It's even though it's october it's still really hot. What about for you?
SPEAKER_L: It got cool. But then like yesterday and today it's been really warm and I think it's supposed to be in the upper 70s and low 80s this weekend. So I don't know. It feels weird because usually we're freeze like usually about Halloween night, we are freezing cold. So
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah, we get that too. It's so it's been weird I guess. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you have any siblings or
SPEAKER_R: I have a younger brother. He's 16. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: need we made it, Yeah. Okay. Cool. I guess we're done.
SPEAKER_R: it was nice to me.
SPEAKER_L: It was good talking to you to have a good day. All right. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Sorry, I think I didn't close the window. I'll do that now.