So I mean that's Hello,
how are you?
Uh Pretty good.
I'm Megan.
uh Like where like where my thumb? I'm in texas. What about you?
Right. I said yes, I'm I'm near Dallas. Mhm.
yeah, I actually don't ever go to um I don't actually go downtown that much. Uh
I have forgotten lives there too. I'm actually fairly close together. Yeah.
Uh I'm a student right now, I'm studying computer science. What about you?
Has Right,
I'm actually in my freshman here.
It's mostly yeah all my classes ended up being moved online like a month,
so
um I actually liked it more than in person, it gives me a lot more flexibility.
Has?
Yes, I do. It's pretty nice. Has most of your stuff been moved online?
Come on.
that
Yeah, it seems really convenient just working from home in general.
Let's always
Yeah. Mhm. I guess what I'm okay. I don't know what you talk about,
honestly.
guess. Yeah. What do you like doing outside of work?
Oh, that's really sweet.
Um I've been seeing, I've been seeing a couple of people's, I've just been I guess spending time with them just hanging out with. Obviously I'm limiting my social contact to very few people, but I think we um we usually just, we have like common interests in terms of tv so we just let's watch stuff like that. Yeah.
Yes, I'm really close, I didn't end up going very far because of the college that I'm going to is fairly good, so why would I go super far because it's morning.
I I live on campus, but I can go home easily every weekend, so it's pretty nice.
I've done one of these before, have you?
But it's definitely a different experience.
Uh like surveys. I I just mostly is prolific. I tried using mturk, but my I didn't get accepted into that. I don't, I just know that they periodically changed who can can't use it, but I don't know how to do it, so. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Well,
no.
So is it like, as of now is not really worth your time?
How long do the hits take though?
Thanks.
No.
No,
I
I
Yeah. Uh it's probably too like I've done stuff like that before on other platforms. I'm I'm thinking it might be to artificially change search results. I'm not sure though.
No, I don't know.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Especially at the beginning I would imagine, but that seems to be doing, yeah.
Yeah, I'll just wait and see what happens for now I guess. But was a customer service and like the inefficient for Yes.
interesting.
I have not. Is it uh profitable? Yeah.
That sounds good. I might do that.
Mhm.
I don't have a job yet. My parents were, my parents would, they actually said that they prepared. I didn't work the first semester so I could focus on my studies, but I'm planning to get a dog hopefully next semester I can make my own money and be a bit more independent in that sense. Mhm.
I have a roommate but with the way that the dorms I set up, I don't really talk to her much. Yes.
Yes I did.
it was it was a bit weird I I ended up just doing some things online with friends for a problem and such and for graduation we asked my school actually ended up getting a stadium and just social social distancing everyone. I put that in quotes because a lot of people didn't actually follow it and I don't really trust medical district as a result but yes there was something at least.
Yeah that's true mm I guess with my with the way my school is they're not super they're not as social anyway so I've talked to some upperclassmen like faith said oh the campus isn't that active even outside of Covid so that's not
not
that
much difference.
Um I actually I actually don't know the exact, I guess exactly what I want to do because I'm so early into this, I just know ai and cybersecurity are interesting, so a job involving that maybe research. Okay. Mhm.
I don't know much other people, it's I guess really early, I don't consider myself proficient in any of the thing.
I've been doing as many as those at community college as possible, but
yeah, yeah, it's just it's just introductory classes, it's mostly some of them are pretty easy, so that's been nice. Okay.
I guess
what was?
Uh huh. I think so.
Yes, I don't know, like I don't spend a lot of time downtown granted, so my opinion of Dallas I guess is a little skewed by that, but I've actually wanted to live in new york at some point because yeah, it seems like I went there for a week. I went to new york city for a week and it seems like a lot of fun because it's always busy and I guess I like that atmosphere a lot.
Uh Not not during the winter it
seems
like it would be great.
the
it seems like an amazing experience um in person because I've just seen the thanksgiving parade on T. V. Mhm
hm
Working
but.
Yes. Uh when my family went and we ended up trying to book a broadway show but it was sold out so far in advance in this. Uh huh.
Hamilton
got so popular a
lot of make things like
I listened to a little bit a lot of people I know put it all the time that they get so excited when someone mentions they like it.
It's just really catch
and
Um in the past year, not really with covid that much, but yeah. What about you?
She
Is that school stuff? Mostly independent or?
Problem.
Uh huh. Mhm. All
Yeah.
I see.
Oh, it's a good
treats
me,
but
Mhm. Yeah, I guess from what my friends who are still in high school have been saying it's been similar to that like I guess especially when I see people posting on social media obviously not social distancing. It's a it's a little bit worrying like, but I'm I'm just glad I'm not there more than anything because I don't really trust the school.
Good.
Um I haven't been keeping up with the statistics as closely. I stopped a few months in because it was the same, but, but my parents work in the medical field and I know that my that they're starting to test vaccines right now, so that's good. Mhm.
Good.
Yes, it is what it is at this point.
Mhm.
Not really. They're more like um I guess they're more separated from like the from the big hospitals where everything is going on, like, you know, they don't really come in contact with covid patients that
off. Mhm.
that's right.
Yes, I'm going home. It's going to end up I'm probably going to end up being home for about a month and a half before the second semester starts so that's going to be nice. Mhm
Present.
Um We're shutting down from thanksgiving up until january so that's going to be a good thing apparently because people are going to spread covid from thanksgiving break but apparently not from summer so it's probably just because of the college wants money.
Yeah. Yes. At least they're keeping things under control relatively.
Yeah.
That
It's still hot. It's even though it's october it's still really hot. What about for you?
Yes. Yeah, we get that too. It's so it's been weird I guess. Mhm.
I have a younger brother. He's 16. Mhm.
it was nice to me.
Okay. Yeah. Sorry, I think I didn't close the window. I'll do that now.