Hello.
All
Hi, how are you? I'm good.
High
to Misha. I'm wolf gay.
um, I'm all right. I'm kind of tired, but I'm hanging
in there. I'm just like, uh
What did you have to do today?
Work? Oh man. I didn't do my work yet for the day, so I'm like,
no,
not yet. Not till later tonight. Yeah,
I know. I'm like, I'm thinking about going over to the, there's
mexican creamery across the street from where I live and I'm thinking about going to get a monster paparazzo there. Yeah,
that would help me right up. That's good. It's got like monster and like Chinmoy sauce and it a bunch of free
lemon lion. It's really good. Yeah.
Hopefully. Hopefully they're so nice there too. They don't use the whole monster to make it, but they give you the rest of the can or anything
or like where do
I live now?
Oh, um, I live in like north texas. Yeah.
Where you at?
Oh really? I have a couple of friends that live in Tennessee.
Oh how how is it there?
It's not been like that here at all yesterday. It was almost 100 degrees and it's been sunny and hot.
it's just it's been I mean today it's 75. So it's just weird that it was 100 yesterday. Yeah
so I was like before all that it was like 80 days. So I was like why did it jump up 20 degrees? What the hell? But
it was it's been a nice day. I had to go report some of my plants earlier because they got scorched by the heat.
I didn't know I didn't lose any of them but my plants that had just started getting bigger in their in their baby pots and we're about to be potted. They got scorched pretty bad. So they won't take another week to grow back. Yeah. Which sucks
because I want it in the flower, but everything else looks okay.
Yeah. Well it wasn't, it was just so hot yesterday and what I realized was the problem was that the pots that I had, someone hadn't taken the caps off the top, off the bottom of them, so the water wasn't draining all of the water in it before it could get soaked in by the roots was just pooling in the bottom
and then getting scorched out by the sun.
So that that was the problem plants. They're complicated but I love garden
it. I'm not going to give it up.
Big
fan of gardening. What what do you what kind of things do you do for work?
jeez, I believe you. I couldn't do that. I'm really
bad with
social stuff like that.
So
this
is just like, you're just getting paid to do extra work, aren't you? You
can.
Oh, I see. This is
like
Yeah, like this is kind of like basically like what you do for work, but like extra.
Yeah,
it's like uh is that, is it, do you ever get to have like, exciting or good conversations or is it mostly just like grading on you?
Yeah, that's been my experience in working in customer services. That it's more bad than good because people just don't have a lot of respect to patients for you.
I used to do janitorial work, but now I'm a freelance artist. Uh
Yeah. Yeah, So that's the, I can choose my hours, it's just easier for me to work at night because everybody else is like, the house is quiet, you know, everybody's asleep and my old job was night shift, so it's just easier for me. But I've got a lot of commission work I have to do tonight. I'm
not looking
forward
to.
So usually I'll be like, I'll be like, hey, I'm taking all like advertise on my website, like, hey, I'm taking commission work right now. Do you guys, you know, and then you can, I'll tell people you can contact these places and then I'll get my contacts and while I usually do is I'll write them an invoice on Paypal. I don't like to do things cash. I like to do it all digitally if I can and
I'll write them an invoice, they pay the invoice and then I write out like the terms and conditions of what they're buying and just work on it. I usually give them a time limit. I usually say it's about a month
longer or shorter, depending on the project, but
Um I haven't had the pleasure of doing a really, really big project yet just because I'm not ready for that personally. Like I have a lot of like physical and mental limitations at the moment just
because of being sick. So I'm like I
don't wanna do anything really big, but doing a lot of small stuff is a good way to practice
anymore.
I get more like personal clients, like I I don't I don't really like doing a lot of company work just because it's really stressful doing personal work as much easier. And
honestly you can make a lot of money on personal work if you can cater to a specific audience.
like there's people out there who are like, oh I want you to draw this like picture of my character from a tv show or you know I'll pay you $300 to do it and that's so easy to do and I'll pay you so much money
that's right. Or
they'll be like I want you to draw my T shirt and you can make 60 bucks doing that easy
doing portraits like a people. Uh No no uh my my boyfriend's mom was actually really good at that. She's she's been doing she's an artist too and she does a lot more like um abstract
and like expressive portraits. She's really gotten into doing portraits of
people.
it's
it's interesting work um
I like it, I like being a janitor to, it's just I'm not able to work anymore unfortunately.
Yeah I'm just a straight artist, I'm just like working towards my um
I've been working on my disability case for the past like six months and I just got like a breakthrough in it. Thank
you. Thank you. Yeah it's just it's annoying. It's like really hard to deal with that kind of like.
Yeah that's the problem too because my dad got denied like three times and that was in the state of Alaska and then my
friend in California, he got accepted first time. But there's a lot
of
things that factor into it like things like um like previous diagnoses, like hospitalizations, doctors, you know all those kind of things like just things that you wouldn't even consider it. Mattering like
Thank
you. Yeah.
No I'm only 20 I'm only 24. Uh huh.
Oh thank you. You went up a little bit thank you most. I'm flattered most people if they think I'm like 17 or something.
Yeah that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. No
um
doing all this stuff on this young is really hard because they want you to have all this medical history and you do but all of its locked down because it's prior to being 18
so they're like that's a whole different application that I have to do at the same time that I'm dealing with and it's like man I don't want to get information from all of this place but it's
whatever.
thank you. Yeah I hope so. I hope so because I'm like you know I wanna do I wanna be you know financially stable and stuff
so
I can go back to school.
Yeah. Yeah I was getting ready to go do a marine biology degree.
Not very far at all. Like I didn't even get to start going to school and
then I had I had to like move and stuff like that and then I just couldn't tried to work and that didn't work. Oh it was my Tamagotchi yell at me. Have you ever heard of these little toys called Tamagotchis?
Oh it's like a little digital pet.
Oh since like the early two thousands.
Yeah no this one is actually a new model, I gotta keep feeding it and stuff but it's a new model that came out like 2018 and it's like in full color and it can go on the internet and work with Bluetooth and stuff.
Yeah a lot of people didn't know that but my family has always been in the games and stuff like that and I've got a nine year old brother so
yeah he loves playing with stuff like that.
Yeah man you can put it because it's it's exciting because you can put it on your phone and then take it with you on the internet.
Yeah. No no you couldn't do any of that, it was just black and white little pixels. Um You said your kids are grown and how many kids do you have?
Oh wow. My mom has
kids now is with me being the oldest and then my three brothers. Yeah.
Yeah and then I've got a brother who's 20 and then I've got a brother who just turned 18 and moving out in a couple of weeks. I don't live with my mom but they're moving out of her house in a couple weeks to their own apartment.
No they live in new york. I just I just moved down here like six months ago, seven months ago.
Uh No I'm originally from I was born in Washington state and I was raised in Alaska. Yeah.
I did not like it, I don't like the cold. Uh huh
like 11, 12 years. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a really different place. It's been it's weird though thinking about it like texas is really kind of just like a hot version of Alaska. Yeah, honestly like everybody has the same kind of attitude, like there's this big emphasis emphasis on like, you know, hunting and fishing
and sports and going out into the wild and being like a rugged man and all that, having
a truck and a four wheeler
texas is the same length, Just hot.
it seems so different. No, I say they're pretty similar ideology ideologically.
um what do you like to do when you're not working?
Yeah, it's chilly
out.
Yeah. Yeah, me neither. I really haven't done too much since I since I am moved here since Kazakova. There's really nothing I can do
because I'm like, I'm already a sick person, so I'm like, I can't be can't be messing around with that.
Yeah, in texas, it's really bad because we have a lot of like political powers who just don't believe in this in this at all or
don't care. So everything didn't get locked down for very long and masks are not really worn very frequently down here by
a lot of people. Yeah, it's horrible down here personally. Like, that's why I'm like, I just killed the crib too because there's nothing else to do. I'm like paying
out year for delivering groceries and stuff to my house because I'm too scared to go out there.
We
have a mandate law, but it's really not followed. Like it's kind
of it's the kind of law that for the most part, you know, say you kick somebody out of your store because they're not wearing a mask and
they call the cops the cops. You know, there's a 50 50 chance. They're just gonna be like, we don't care, it's horrible down here. Not that I will be calling them anyway, but I'm just like, yeah, there's a lot of people who don't wear their mask or don't wear right, they wear it like this
underwear like that. I'm like I've seen somebody with a face shield on the back of their head.
I know I'm like guys can we just do this so that it can be over quicker so
that
we can go back to living. Yeah.
Yeah. They don't want to wear their mask. It's not that
hard.
Thank
you.
Big.
Yeah. It really would be like you would be able to go to the grocery store without being afraid. Let me check the timer here really quick. Make sure we're not going over or anything. Let's see. Okay. Now we're only at not minds at 19 minutes.
Yeah. So we're almost um, what
are you gonna
do with,
Do I do this a lot? I did this yesterday because for the first time, because they
told
me I could do it up to six more times and I was like, that's 17 50 for talking to someone for 25 minutes. That's easy.
I was
like, I'm gonna do that. What?
That's weird. No, mine paid out because I did it yesterday and then mine paid out this morning and they said it should be, I went over the guidelines and they said it should be 1 to 2 days. So And they said if you don't get it after two days to send them a message.
Yeah.
Because I said after two days you got to send them a message.
Oh I agree. I agree. This one. I like it a lot. The only other one that I use besides I have swag bucks.
I've been using prolific for like a couple of years now on and off. But I started user testing and I like user testing. But I wish that it
you really have to like go on a lot because you don't qualify for a lot of the surveys. But
yeah, like user testing. It's good pay you $10 per survey. But it's like a video thing.
Like
they record your screen and have you do things like test new websites or like make an account on a website or like just review
a survey or a product, that kind of thing.
Yeah. Yeah. No I've made so far I've only I've only like I said you a $10 a test, so I've done five tests and made 50 bucks
in the past two
weeks.
so it's
that
paralympic
prolific is the best one. I agree. Oh.
That's weird. You might want to call support about that or something because I've
never heard of that kind of thing happening. Maybe someone have to your account.
That's a good idea. Yeah, that's good.
That's a good move. Yeah, because you don't wanna mess around with people hacking on your swag bucks and stuff, Getting all your money from your answers.
No, you don't want that.
I just had some, I'm gonna probably with the rest of my day. Uh
sorry there's a helicopter.
Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me now? Oh I
um Hello? Hello?
Hello?
cool. I was asking um what are you gonna do with the rest of your day?
Thank
you.
Um It is 4 20 street
I think you've got an hour ahead of
I'm probably gonna um
well I just got a delivery of some really
nice brandy so I'm gonna make some mixed drinks tonight and get started on dinner and then probably just leave dinner in the crockpot so I can get started on work what
I'm fixing. Um I think I'm gonna take I have some beef
and I was thinking maybe I could make like a beef stew in the crock pot with some carrots and leftover stuff from the garden.
that would be good because I've got some rustic sour dough bread that that uh,
the family
left when they went, The rest of my family is gone there on a trip to colorado because that's like a 10 hour drive from here. So I'm trying to eat up all the food they left. So they got a sour dough that would be nice to get
in the soup.
Oh, is our wolf game?
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's Wolfgang, Amadeus Mozart art. That's what my, my parents named me after because I'm german like him.
Yeah. Yeah. My mom wanted to give me a cool name. My mom said, um, my mom wanted to name me Silas.
Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And so that was going to be my middle name, but my dad didn't like it. So. Oh, hi, hi, links the cats here. Hi.
It's my cat.
My boyfriend's cat rather I came to see me. But you know, my mom wanted to give me the name Silas, but my dad said wolf things cooler.
I like stylist to uh, if I could have picked, I would have made it Alistair. Perfect. Personally,
I would have made it Alistair.
Yeah, that's what I would have picked, but my parents were like, uh no, we don't want.
yeah, no, probably not, but if we do, I'll be like,
hey, how you doing?
thank you. You too. Thank you for talking with me.
Bye.