2 15
we'll keep the party's over.
Hey how you doing?
I'm
doing great. My name is to Misha
Wolfgang, how are you doing today?
No?
Yeah yeah it's been a long day for me too. Uh huh
Work
Nothing
Oh well you ain't you ain't got you ain't made it there yet.
Oh you are not shift the Lord, you're already dragon
my heart.
No well that'll keep you up.
I am
Oh yeah you'd be really picked up then
okay well where are you from? Yeah
well
well where you live
well you're pretty hard for me
Tennessee
I live in Knoxville Tennessee.
Uh Roger Right now it's pretty day outside today I think it's probably running the eighties right now 85 9. About 83 84 it's been pretty today, past couple of days, it's been really rainy and ugly. Mhm
Oh well but she will have hot days pretty often down there, don't y'all?
Oh wow, you got a big break?
Well
Right, mm you lose a lot. Mhm
Right.
Yeah. Yeah, you probably gotta put it in another area to where it's not getting hit by too much sun.
What
got you?
I'm wearing
Well that's good.
That's good to hear.
I am a customer service rep talk on the phone all day.
look
at
oh my goodness
you I've been doing this well I've been doing that for three years now. Let me
prior
what
not right now. Uh right now this is just a little side thing I'll be doing mm
Are you
sure about bobby? You talk about like this little chat right here?
Yeah. But yeah, yeah, yeah, but I'm on the phone. Yeah, you're right.
Mhm.
Um I got some good ones, um some nice people, but I tell you I'll get some bad ones too and then when you get those bad ones you gotta keep your demeanor and stay very polite to them as well. But yeah but out of the good too bad I think it's more bad than good.
Not at all. Not at all.
No you see you know the draw?
so
that
means
so that means uh you pick up gigs on the side or people ask you to draw things for them. How does that work?
Sorry?
Well
okay. You have you done really big projects before
All
come on.
Okay so you do you like do more like company company things or by people
like
Hello.
Uh huh. That's true.
That you
worse.
Okay. Okay. So you are you gonna are you good at doing portraits?
If you ask
always
different. Okay. Well that sounds very interesting. And
what
and
Yeah. Oh so you don't do the janitor on the side You just you just a straight artist.
You say that.
Oh okay. Well that's good. That's good to hear.
it's hard it's hard fighting for disability. Very hard very hard. Um I think my mother she got denied twice before they actually approved her. But different states are different though.
What?
So
just
Well you look you look you look up for young.
He
was
well I'm I'm 36. I was about to say you look about 26 but Yeah.
Well I guess probably cause I'm talking to you over the phone, I guess it probably would have seen you in person. Person. I probably would have lowered that a little bit.
Okay.
Shit.
right, that's true.
Hopefully
they don't see it through too much uh too much baggage and you'll be able to get granted what you're doing
this
one.
Right. It was you in college before you got disabled?
Oh, how far did you get?
Gosh.
So clean. Mm those? No.
Oh yeah, one of them back in the day Helen has been out.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I don't even know people even still quite those.
Oh yeah, I don't even know there was, you know what because so much stuff that came out and my kids and got older now, I didn't even know that they still they still even existed.
Okay, that's what's up.
Yeah. Yeah because you get to feed it and uh then it grows.
Oh wow. She back then you couldn't do that at first.
I have three. I got one that's gonna be 21 next month. I got wanted to be 20 in january then I got a 13 year old.
We have. Mhm.
Yes you have a nine year old brother.
because they all live in texas as well.
Also you're not originally from texas?
Mr Lesko was really really cold.
How long did you live there?
I can just imagine.
No.
Absolutely
in texas the same way.
Just well I would never compare texas in, well I ain't never been but I couldn't imagine comparing texas and Alaska. Well
All right
it I just chill
just
chill out you up. Um, nothing really spectacular. You know, just I work and just chill at the crib. I mean, and be around family. That's about it. I don't really do too much.
Yeah, Kobe got everything on walking. I'm so scared of it. And he's just,
mm hmm. How is it Covid bad down there?
Present.
What?
And
yeah, I can
just imagine um, we have a, so you don't even have a mask mandate law?
What?
No.
Anything.
Like what's the purpose
in
the name?
like I said, Covid has shut down a lot of things here in tennis, we're here in Knoxville where I'm at, things are starting to get back to normal, but it's taking forever because like you said, people don't want to obey. People don't want to do the right thing.
No,
so some so say some week we'll be doing good with very few cases and then to jump right back up then to go
back
down and then we'll stay high. It's just it's just it's just if everybody would do what they're supposed
to do when they're going out to public places, restaurants, grocery stores, where the mess like they're supposed to, a lot of this would be chilled out.
man. Two. What
do
you do
this a lot.
That's
one.
Yeah, very easy. Yeah this
is my,
I think this is my 3rd 3rd 1 but I'm kind of confused because usually they pay out after as for you done did them and they haven't paid out yet so I don't know if they wait, I don't Yeah.
okay.
That's what I need to do then.
Yeah. So yeah. But yeah I've been I've been doing this off and on for a year doing the little surveys. Um This is this uh this website right here is the best one that I came across the page. Anything really?
That.
Yeah I made it through
you said user user testing.
And
our excitement
was,
whoa what have you got? Have you got your payouts to them?
That's
good.
That's good. It's
better
to
learn.
Um I've been doing sweat bucks for years now and all of a sudden maybe two weeks ago um I tried to well to or two weeks ago um They said that I wasn't being um my answers wasn't staying the same or something like that. And so yesterday yesterday I tried to do my daily logging and try to to attempt to do a gold survey. And they got me blocked from doing gold surveys, so I don't know what's going on.
What?
Well I went on to spend everything that I had dinner just in case.
Yeah I went on and hurried up and got me a amazon car before something even happen.
No no
not at all.
I cannot hear you now. Yeah
and I think it's because can you hear me?
say something.
Hold on a second, let me hold on one second. Uh huh. Hello?
Yeah no I can hear you. Yeah.
Um I gotta go uh meet one of my friends. I do uh I do be doing um online auctions. My friend is online. Well what one of these girls I know she does on line auctions and I gotta go meet her to pick up some stuff that I had uh were purchased from her. I got to do that this afternoon. And after that I'm coming home and getting ready for tomorrow. Because what happens if there uh on
on your
own then where you
Oh, so we're our
our ahead, Yeah,
Was it?
Yes.
Would you, would you fix it?
The
that sounds good. Mhm,
Often respect
what?
and
I don't think I never got your name. What was your name?
What game? What game are you okay with gay? So when that reminds me, and they're like a singer named what game?
Okay. Yeah, that's what I thought.
Oh, that's beautiful about that.
Member of his crew right now to see a doctor.
Why not?
Both of them like, I think I like Silas.
Said that again,
Alistair, that's different. Very different.
Well, all right then. What game? It was good meeting you? Nine out of 10. We probably won't never see each other again. But it was
Hey,
how you doing? All right, well you take care and you enjoy the rest of your day. Okay.
Thank you. Have a good