I I can't hear you,
Mhm
okay yeah,
hold on. Okay. Mhm, troubleshoot. Well um can you
you hear
me? Okay? Hold
on.
difficulties with sound sometimes. Um Okay, output device. Well our input device I guess is within our people and put um well
I can give you to my speakers, which isn't perfect, but yeah, let's just do it and I'll just hook one of my things. Hello? Uh we started at 605 I guess my time. What time zone are you in?
That's okay. Yeah, um I'm an all nighter kind of person, so I just figured I'd do it at the end of my day.
You
here we go.
so
my name is johnny by the way,
Camp,
you know, nice to meet you. Have
you done this before?
I see this is my second time.
no,
shows.
man,
uh they probably felt the same word,
I'm like, you know, I've been liking prolific. I feel like it's a nice little find.
I
want to say. Yeah,
there's just like very little bullshit, right? I mean it's just like mhm Uh huh
Right. And I just feel like there's no advertising, they're just like, okay, do a study, you get paid.
Yeah,
I like it, but it's not when you ever, like, I stumbled on it. It's not you never hear, but maybe because it's from the
UK.
I just ran across it online. So where are you, you said where you're
Bronson? Let's simply
Oh, I see. So you're sort of like,
is that like, are you like in a small,
how are
you? Uh
what brought you there or what? How did you get
from?
Oh, I thought that Wisconsin was um I remember like looking at a map of like LGBT friendly states or populations or something and I thought that this council was sort of on the low and,
well, the Dakotas
petticoat is really on the low end.
I just can't do it. Wisconsin
thing.
Well,
I mean,
mm, I mean
also those like top down little surveys, don't, I mean whatever, I don't know, put them together. I don't know what they mean. And I'm sure depends on where you wind up and who, you know, and like everywhere else, you know, fine.
I like, you know, I feel like those of us who live on the coasts have certain stereotypes. I don't just feel like that, it's true. You know, like we
have, Yeah. But even stereotypes right on the coast, Like I remember going to um, north Carolina some years ago. Um, and um, I was actually really, really just point and I was like in the Raleigh, um, um, what's the, there's like three cities. One of them is Raleigh and they're like a little hub. Um
anyway,
whatever
chapel
or
like chapel hill Raleigh and you know, and anyway, I was there for a few days and like, and like there was just like, no, I mean I was like, who will get to see what the cells is like? There was like, no south there. No.
Well all the people I was meeting kept being like imports, like from other parts of the country, like artists and then, you know, and uh techies and, and,
and all
the
food
and all the food.
They kept wedding. They were like,
oh, let's go have
mexican food. I'm in Oakland. I mean we're all like there's so much mexican food here and
huh I think that's
what I
yeah people I know people who have like moved away from California and they're like yeah they missed that and see if I had to live in a place in southern California. I probably picked san Diego.
It's really
But I came I came to the states when I was 11. I came
from
I'm from Russia and it was you know from the soviet union. I mean I
was
born in the soviet union and they were really like and we came to Orange County first. That was our first arrival point. That's where we lived for six years and it was not a friendly place at all. And no I mean it was really xenophobic, it was really racist. I would say the only thing I had going for me was that I'm white, that's like was my only plus. But I was like a pariah. I was a social pariah. And and they were deep in the cold War and you know they would get very spit on me and throw eight notes in my rock. Look I mean
it was nasty
you know, oh plus the climate and like everything about it was just like not what I was used to. It just was not what I wanted or and I just have no love for southern California. But when I go to san Diego like okay this is this is probably the pavilion.
Well
you know we all have formative experiences but you know and I mean the scary thing is that I actually I hate moving so much that when my mom got transferred to the area I was like I was like 16. I was like, no, how am I gonna move? I've spent a third of my life here and like they're like, are you serious? You can kind of get
used to anything. Yeah. So
So
what, what do you do for a living? And
Jump.
man.
it's really brave to be going to work every day.
We're
stop,
Hopefully.
Yeah, I mean,
Still out.
Yeah, it happened this headset from time to time, but I didn't say is that like a pretty low population density? Yeah.
Are
you in like the area that's anti mask or unmasked?
I don't
get in. I know it's grown along
political lines, but I just don't get
it
like
I
know.
You know,
and you want to kill your loved ones? Right.
I know and uh well you know it must be partly where people get their news from because if you're if the news you're getting is that like the whole thing is just blown out of proportions and then all right
I know
even
so
uh yeah I guess I mean I've been reading about what uh just wanna fringe case the U. S. Is like you know among like wealthy countries were way off the charts on how we're dealing with pandemics.
What
are you yep
wow. I mean how we see as a to immigrate to Canada
married?
just
I
mean
I think
Canada I actually have a friend who moved to Canada a few years ago because she was actually I keep trying to remember whether she was born, she has connections. Like she had connections like I think she was born in Canada and then she you know spent most of her life living in the U. S. But but because she had that chi'en it was much easier for her than to immigrate that. And uh you know I mean life has not it's not really surprising that life has not been perfect, let's just say like there is health care but even the health care system is like slow and you know I always efficient and there are other issues with people not being very whatever. Like it wasn't as warm like I don't mean temperature. I mean like socially socially like she went to Vancouver and she was like I always said Vancouver was really cool town. I don't know I've never been there you know? But like that's what I've always heard but like she was like nobody here cares about connections of people and whatever this is her experience. But she found it really rough through the first few years now she seems to have settled in somewhere but
How
does your wife feel?
write about Seattle that is No, no that
is
not
that is
man.
right um Yeah, I mean I always wondered, you know like for me it's always just kind of like well what if situation because we emigrated and it was this kind of interesting process. I mean you know, you couldn't at the time that we were leaving you couldn't were technically refugees. Like although we had a very cushy refugee right that we weren't like, you know, well in some ways christian in some ways actually pretty harsh, but we certainly were not like fleeing a war zone like you know, something you know. But
and once we arrived in the US we were given a lot of um like legal status and like again, again not but you
know, still a lot of struggles there. But you know would have been worse if we were. So I'm like well like
now
it would have been worse. Yeah,
I'm 53. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So I so I came in 1978 when I was just about to turn 11 and it was and it was still a coast country, you couldn't just leave. And there was a special deal made with the U. S. Where the U. S. Sold a bunch of wheat to the soviet Union. And in exchange the soviet Union agreed to let some jews apply for extra reasons. And then it was like a really hard process to get those visas and you have to give up a lot and so that that part of it really is kind of a refugee experience, you know, but then you sort of like landed with the international jewish aid community and they first went to Austria and then you went to Italy and in ITaly they figured out where you can go and um and you know, we could have applied, I mean I was a kid so I wasn't applying anyway, but but we could have applied
to go to some other country like Canada right? Or even like Australia, my mom
said she refused to go to Australia because she was like, she had lost so much already. She didn't one different constellations like she,
it
was like like I don't want to be in the southern hemisphere, it's still so different but and anyway, but I was wondering, okay prolific wants me to do in a study. Um um You probably are getting the same notification.
you're doing okay.
greek. And wait, what is that thing that you're um
like he told me to items? Yeah. The
woman.
okay wow. What are you making?
Mm. Uh huh wow. Co sheet pillowcase. That's really interesting.
But
this is re pandemic activity I would imagine.
you must be a lot more handy than I am I,
you're just like sitting there for hours cruising?
What?
please. What are you studying?
Yeah. Cool. That's very
Um What what is your what what got you interested in that? Yeah.
Thank you.
Well
if your dad is immigrant by any chance?
You
know.
Uh It sounds like a very immigrant kind of thing to say. Like you got to be an engineer, you know doctor engineer or like
what
lawyer.
do you like it
are
like
you like, I mean imagine if you wanted to be like a musician. All right.
They
didn't. Oh
you don't wanna make mommy
and daddy sad to you.
And
you
can see that's interesting because I have been um you know, I've been trying to prepare for emergencies. I've sort of developed this little almost hobby of like some level of well, you know, we
need to and our current in our current environment. And I found a really good website for it because for years I was trying to do it and it's just I didn't know what to do and it may be anxious. But now I have a resource so I make little
words and I like gear. So it's like it's kind of fun to be reading about things and you know, acquiring little skills or little gadgets and
putting
them.
It is,
it's a really good website, I recommend it to everybody. It's called the prepared and they really walk you through stuff. But the thing is that I was like dealing with like right now I'm dealing with like we get power outage in outages in in northern California and we get wildfires now right? So it's about it and that's why we get the power outage because our power companies trying to keep that keep fires from happening. So they turn off the power went
wonder
welcome.
Well
it's crazy
because last year they actually sort of precipitated a crisis in a way because they just turned off the power to large parts of the state. And like, you know, some people really need the power, right? You can't, I mean, you know what if you want to some kind of oxygen thing or something, you know? Uh It was a mess last year. It was a mess. And of course now we have Covid, so it'll be more of a mess. So, you know, but we still get catastrophic wildfire. So there's that. So, so I I was like, okay, when I got to get my head around some of these things like to be prepared for that. And one of the things I was trying to prepare for is like um I have certain electrical needs that really have to happen, right? And like one of them is I use a CPAP machine for sleep out there and I am kind of like, I'm not in great shape if I don't if I don't have it, you know, I don't really wanna be all fuzzy and an emergency, you know?
Well it's not that dangerous. I mean it's really so bad that you can't, you know, um it's more a long term danger but it's kind of a miserable experience if you're like not really getting quality sleep. And then I'm like how am I? And then I started trying to figure out other electrical things. Like how am I supposed to do air filtering when there's no power anyway. But like for all of that it really, really helps to have some electrical knowledge. That's the reason I'm telling you all this. And it seems like the world that I am in contact with divides between 22 types of people, the people who are like electricians and electrical engineers and the people who know nothing about it, right? And
they're very
yeah, there's like very few people reaching out to people and saying because you know, you get all these like Niki guys who like don't have any theory of mine who are like, um, you know, so um we'll go and splice the butter that at another time. Like, I have no idea what you said. You know, they're like, well, uh in the middle of it and you're like, yeah, you
break
it
down.
I just land like, where do I go to just get some basic resource so I can like plug in the freaking thing and know what to get. And finally like after like several years, I'm starting to get some information about that.
But
it's a it's like a really big gap. You know, I mean if you ever want to like explain to people, you know, like basic electrical concepts to people so they can like, you know, get the right thing, you know?
do you do you find that there's like, is it like is there like a lot of sexism in the in the profession? Is that changed?
My
What do you
think
you'll
be doing?
Well
like my profession
will be Canadian.
So
you'd
be working
sort of, you wouldn't really be working on like would you be working on hands on stuff or would you be working in like theoretical sort of stuff?
More
So you're like the architect basically? Yeah.
That's interesting. Cool. I think we hit our 25 minute mark using clean.
all
let's cut to you.
Good luck
with that.
One
problem. Thank you. Bye.