I. Ash, mm. Yeah. All right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey baby. Hey baby girl. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hi.
Oh you can't. One moment. Let me see. Uh
Give me one moment. Mhm. Mhm.
Let's see if this picking up.
then
you,
I
can hear you. Mhm.
Well imports, I can't hear you. Can you hear me?
Oh are you on the west Coast? I'm a central, so Wisconsin.
well good for
you. I just woke up so yeah.
I do have to warn you if my dogs start barking is because my wife just came home, so Okay,
good. Okay.
you said johnny. Yeah.
Okay. I'm john l
to meet you too.
Yes, this is my last time actually.
Oh, good for you. I I've been let's see the past. I have 13 successful in two no shows, so it's not too
bad.
Yeah, people don't show up and I felt back say uh it will be at six a.m. For one, and I was just like, oh my goodness,
or are they? Yeah,
I think so.
I like it a lot better than other survey finds. There are a lot more uh professional. I want
to say
that they actually follow through.
as I said, they filter out and they have a minimum payment that they have to do. So,
yep, it's pretty nice.
Oh
I
think it's new, so I have no idea, I heard about it online, so yeah,
with Wisconsin,
like two hours away from the twin cities, so closer to the Minnesota side.
what
small
town?
Mondavi. It's only like 3000 people that live here. So
my
will. No, I'm not. My dad was in the military so we got to move all over around the United States, but I met my wife, she was in the navy, so when she got out she wanted to go back home, she was from Wisconsin, so we moved here, so, yep.
I
have no,
I have no idea. I live, I live a lot closer to Minnesota that I do. Uh
like,
yeah, like I'm always spending time in Minnesota more than I am in Wisconsin. So you know, I'm way farther away from Madison and Milwaukee, so yep, it's
not too bad
actually.
No.
I mean all of our, they were soon to be really nice to have a really diverse neighborhood for a really small town. So it was very interesting.
is true.
Who have no idea.
I should
know. I lived in Virginia for
like seven years
ago.
yeah and this okay, I lived the start of the south is what Richmond Virginia and that everything south of that is the south. I lived in Chesapeake that like every time I went to the kids I used to go to Raleigh the Outer Banks all the time I was I was in high school and hey, calm down thanks al okay so uh so without our banks, um I was, when you're in a major city, there's really no south, but if you go to like the outer parts because I lived in Chesapeake and it was, it was pretty south, like almost every half the people had accents, half the people didn't, so it was
that's exactly
how
it
is
at all.
What?
Well?
I I lived in the san Diego for 11 years so,
I
miss it.
It's so beautiful,
I love it.
are
you from?
I
mean
that's
so sad. Yeah I would imagine.
Yeah. Oh my goodness, I'm sorry that happened to you. Oh
man.
What?
Well that's well that's good. Eventually you know got out
there
I okay before the whole covid experience, I was working for health if our health insurance company and then I quit 83 31st to focus on school. So I'm so I'm going to university right now but all summer I've been jobless
because of the whole covid situation. My wife's a paramedic firefighter. So we've been
quarantined a few times because patients have coughed on her and they've turned out positive so, yep.
Yeah. Well it's not it's not bad where we're I think we have like maybe 50 active cases in the closest city and our technical county, I think we have maybe two or three, so it's okay.
It's not like, you know, major cities
or hubs, it'll be all right.
I hope, I really hope it doesn't hit here hard, so
Oh, you cut out, yep.
No, you're good, you're good now. There you go.
very, everything
is very spread out, so lots of farms.
Very, very, I I wear a mask every time I go out, but I just can't believe all the people that, you know, we just had like a significant rise in cases in like the county is like 40 minutes above us, so, yep, it's
it said
what?
I
don't
I don't even understand why it's political,
it just
like doctors wear masks all the time, like the and surgery and everything, you think you would just be like, okay, yeah, sure we'll just wearing mess. But now people are just like, oh, I refuse. It's a infringement on my right and I'm just like, what your right to die? I don't know.
Sleep.
Yeah. And I don't want that. Oh, man.
I don't know. It's it's been nuts. I I've been trying to avoid people who don't wear mask, especially like I know a couple of nurses who like our anti mask and I'm like, what the heck, you're a nurse. You know,
it's it's sad, but
hopefully I
don't get better.
Yeah. I would love to immigrate to Canada, trying
to
I want that nice healthcare. I want to make sure, you know, my family is going to be okay in the future, so
not, it is not, I have
to get my degree first, I have to work for a couple of years and after I turned 30 then it's like the it's on a point system, so if you have your bachelor's degree you get a certain amount of points. If you're under the age of 30 you get a certain amount of points. So yeah I think it's accumulate like 450 or 70 points at this point, it changes every
month so, yep
I
like
them,
it doesn't really, I don't know, I've always moved everywhere so this never really bothered me, hopefully it will be okay, don't know if if I ever immigrate, I hope I do after working in the health insurance company, I know how health
care work max,
she's okay with it, she wants to go uh right above Seattle, so I guess that's what Toronto
or
so. Thank
you. That
is
Vancouver, yep, so somewhere around there, yep I've never been there, but I hear the climate is pretty mild. I know the closest we have is Winnipeg so
what?
but
I
would imagine.
well you said you uh you guys came from the soviet soviet, you know how old are you?
okay, I thought you were younger, so.
well
that's
Oh that's
so sad.
I don't have my notifications up,
so what I do, I so I like to Coachella, I even have my crocheting stuff like right here.
which,
this
is my yarn and I'm making
pillowcase.
it's really soft as velvet. I bought the yard on sale and
I've had it for months and I was like well might as well make something out of it. So
very it's very fun. I thought myself over youtube so now I can do whatever.
it's, I do it, I watch my shows online and I, uh yeah, that's what I do. I put my little tablet up like right in front of me uh while watching tv and coaching and I just watched new studies pop up and I click them and reserve them. So, so
I don't do anything.
I'm unemployed right now. School doesn't start back up until I think like maybe the second week of september. So I don't know, like we, we redid our front porch. We don't really have anything to do
electrical engineering.
Very, very, yeah, it's intense.
my dad, so growing up, my dad was very, it was weird. I want to, I want to say he's progressive
uh, with me, he had three girls and one boy, right? So he pushed all the girls to be as successful as possible. Um and he was just like, if you ever want to be super successful, you got to be an engineer, right? So we're all doing engineering, I'm majoring in electrical engineering, and my sister is majoring in mechanical engineering. My youngest
sister just got accepted in college, doesn't know what she wants to do, so maybe she'll be an engineer, I don't know. But
no, my mom is, she's from Nicaragua. He immigrated in the thing, I want to say eighties to escape their political climate, which
is still,
you know? So yeah, my dad's white, so I'm biracial, so
my
mom fully
supported it, yep, I'm pretty sure those are like, our only choice is to do well.
Yeah, I mean, I love it. The only thing I was ever good at was like uh circuits and math, that's it. Like physics wise, it was circuits and I did math competitions
all
my life.
brother does, that's the funny thing he did, so we all focus on really math intensive courses and like physics and all that in science. And my brother was just like, I'm going to do drama all four years and we always used to go to his place and we're all supportive of course. Like they never said you couldn't do that, you know, we
just
we just felt a lot of pressure to
engineer.
Well, I can't do anything else. The only thing that I find enjoyable is matt, so I'm just like, well, you know,
this
spear?
that's
good,
that
is,
that's awesome.
Same,
so
you're
part of, Yeah, I was gonna, I read about that on the news that they're turning
off the power and people are mad, I would be mad honestly,
like
it's dangerous to turn that off in the middle of the night because my dad has one, so
Additional
help goes,
dumb
it
down
for me, please.
Well that's
good.
I got you. I even for me, I have to have things dumbed down for it, I'm really bad at memorizing terms, so I'd be like, oh yeah, can you hand me the thing? And they'll be like what the thing and then I describe what it's used for and they're like, oh this, and I'm like yeah, that
uh it's, I hear about it a lot, I haven't really encountered it much uh that or am oblivious to it, I probably will once I
get into the industry, so I've heard
of the
old
guys
are pretty, I have no idea, I honestly uh if I can find somebody in Canada to hire me, that'd be great,
I'll do whatever, but
and
pretty much uh probably I would really like to work for Boeing or uh maybe an electric company. Yeah, I would uh Nasa would be awesome. If I could get an internship at Nasa, then I would probably try to pursue you know, career Nasa, so, yep,
just
make
certain parts.
it's a lot more theoretical, so there's two different sites to engineering, there's uh there's the theory which is electrical engineers who make, you know, all the money, which is great and that's what I want and uh and the technologist, so you can get a bachelor's and either being a technologist is more of the hands on. Their more practical.
They take the engineers designs and kind of make it reality with their team. Uh
I I designed it and then they'll tell me like hey this isn't gonna work, then I'll redesign it so it'll work out better for the design, so, yep.
yeah. Yes we did. All right,
well it's nice talking to you,
I hope
you
think
thanks you too chow.