we're open the next Yeah,
Yeah, I can. Can you hear me?
Can you
hear me?
Yeah, that's not good. Not good because I'm sitting right on top of my monitor so it should be, it should be okay.
Okay. Did we get any direction for topic?
It's been a
while for me, so Okay,
well,
Yeah, I have. Um
and there was like a weird timer and the timer seemed weird to actually set a stopwatch. It's just like we were just talking about 10 or 15 minutes and after 20 minutes it was like, you still have 12 minutes to go and we're like, no, we don't. Very good.
that's cool. Yeah, the audio is cutting in and out. That's weird.
Yeah, but again and out for me, interesting.
We'll figure it out. So where are you?
I'm in michigan.
Yeah, it's eight o'clock. Yeah.
it is. I just, I close it so I wouldn't be backlit and bye.
Oh, really? Yeah because
you're further south. Yeah so like in you know prime like june we have you know sealable like not running over tripping. Everything's until about 10 so
it's
really kind of cool. Yeah
you get
you
get
and then like we um today it was I think our highways maybe 72 today. Yeah.
Oh yeah that's it's totally different. Yeah.
Um Yeah a long time ago. But it's that nice dry desert. Yeah. Which
is.
Oh that's
Yeah my husband works in Houston and so he's been hurt you know sort of through lockdown because you know they were all working from home like I do not the sauna and I'm like no it's it's ridiculous down there when it's super humid and and hot so. Mhm
are passed
aren't they awesome. Yeah.
The U. P. Is a totally different. I actually have never been but it is totally different world. I mean it's just there's you know there's not much up there. Um I have a friend whose son has been living in the U. P. Because he works for a company that does dogsledding. So you drive up you get on a sled they hook up your dogs and they mush you out to like one of those like glamping tents with a big fire burning for you know like like stove kind of thing and you spend the night and then get back and you must your dog's back. So.
Right. And so what he does is in the winter he works in michigan in the summer. He works in Alaskan with cruises that do dog dog sledding. Yes I thought it was kind of a cool thing. Yeah.
Yeah. An interesting thing. So are you
from eric?
Yeah, that count.
let's see. 20 years or so.
So I mean I I sort of picked up a lot of what it's like, but I'm from the south, so it's this weird Mhm stuff. So yeah.
You know it's it's been okay. Um I have two boys, my older son has been working the entire time, so that sort of usual. My husband has been working from home, which he normally is and he's normally working from his apartment in Houston. So that's been weird. And then my young was a senior in high school this past year, so they sort of shut down and he finished up at home and he's doing his first semester of college from the basement this year.
You
know, it was sort of a dud, the thing they did, they sort of brought his cap and gown and senior gift in your book, in a bag and put it on our front lawn and waved from a all right, that's exciting. Um And then like the day they would have graduated, they sort of did a drive through where the seniors were in the car, waving at the teachers, um through the school parking lot. And then they did a weird thing a couple of days ago that he refused to do where in groups of 20 they like in the seniors up and they sort of gave them their diplomas as they walked across the stage and the football stadium. And he's like, the drive thru thing was dumb enough, I'll just pick mine up some other time. Okay. So
yeah, it is really, really weird. But you know, like the graduation party thing is really big, like everybody has a big grad party and it's like they're like staggering
times and everybody's wearing masks
and nobody's going inside and it's just been really
been Really? How has it been going for you?
Perfect.
Yeah. It's
funny my husband and the people that work for him have been actually working more because they haven't been having to commute and do the whole thing and gotten a lot more done.
What
the puppy?
What
what
what kind?
I
don't know. Yeah. Absolutely. You can hear me, You go say hi, come on me. No.
Oh my
gosh. He's a moose.
Our. Yeah.
Yeah. And and from puppy is so much easier. We have two and one we got like as soon as you know she left her mother
and she's all smuggling and the other one was a rescue
from a puppy mill, like seven months old, still skittish
and kind of, you know, he's 11 now and he's just still not quite as snugly and bonded as you would like. But yeah,
no,
he's
he's adorable but he's a big guy.
Both of them actually are catan mixes, so be Shawn's the little white puffy little, yeah, sort of like that one is a um a catan yorkie, so she looks more like a yorkie. Yeah and there's a heaviness catan and he uh it looks more like a b Sean
sort of
£15. Yeah.
So does he sleep in the bed or hit
bad?
Yeah, irish are both, it depends like sometimes they will, it's like you sleep on your head, sleep in between your legs and you're like really can't move, I can't roll over, I can't do anything, you're just sort of stuck. Um
But yeah it's people get upset by that and I'm like why it's
so
it's
yeah our guys get totally freaked out by thunderstorms ah The middle of the night if there's a thunderstorm you wake up to two little dogs dancing on your head just breathing so that's that's right and they won't settle down and they just you know they pay it and they pull them and the terrier digs under the covers and so you're here
it stopped, it's like you can't dig through the mattress, it's gonna be okay.
are
of
Poor baby. That's rough. What does he think of like riding in the car?
Yeah. Has
he had a pop pacino yet?
There is so much
fun.
Oh that's fun. What did you name? Him?
Well,
they always pick the dumbest names, I mean just mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of funny. But yeah, because irish were, they wanted it to be kyra or Cairo like the city, but they missed. So it was Cario. Right? Aria, that's weird and Dante. I'm like, no, no, those are terrible dog names.
No, not at all. Not at all. But yeah,
and mason, so it's like made in dixie and yeah, so
and so we call Mason May May. The, I had a friend growing up, his son's name is Mason and they called him maybe and we thought it was the dumbest nickname for a kid. So we of course had to call our dog bath.
Well,
no.
Well,
Yeah. I just hate, I'm just thinking about the, all the pictures online of you know the dogs that eight bees and how silly they look. Poor thing.
All.
There
we
go. And there's everyone. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh gosh. They're
so funny. They're very yippee, very hippie. And like one of my sons they tolerate and the other one they don't like, so they bark at him anytime he goes through a room. It's just it's awful. You guys have lived with him your entire life. What is going on here?
And
And then they take exception to the cats periodically. Like I don't think you should be in this room right now, remember? And you're like,
oh yeah, we have three cats.
they do. It was sort of one of those, we ended up with cats by accident. You know like so you know like one cat, my friend, like I have white trash neighbors and they had a literal kit and said this one ran into my bushes and I'm not letting it go back. You've got to take it, you know? And then we have a friend who rides and one of the barn cats out where she kept her horse was not being a very good barn cat. It was bidding as we have that one. And then we fostered a cat for a friend for her freshman year of college, a family friend cause you allergies. And mom was getting married. And, and then when she was studying for m cat, she went a little crazy. I was like, I've got to get really good caster. I would be crazy and I'm like, I'll be right there. So I drove it. Give me the cat. Thank you. We'll take you back. And so we accidentally ended up with three cats.
Well yeah, because one of the cats is bigger than the dogs, like he's, you
know, right, and then the other ones just don't, you know the,
you know the one that wandered under the bush that my friend rescued and mason get along famously, like they curl up together, they lick each other and um and they're good buddies, they play a lot. But yeah, the one that was the bad barn cat just sort of tolerates the dogs, but you
know, she definitely has picked her like she's my oldest son's cat, she stays in his room, shouldn't really leave his room, she's no need to, she's fine. Yeah. Yeah.
Hold.
It's
yeah, my husband did that in his apartment in Houston. He there was
sort of the apartment cat. So he lives in like this old house kind of thing with like I think there's six units and so there was somebody had a cat and then somebody took it over when they had to move and here's somebody moved and they didn't know what he started feeding it and it really belongs to the people
that live next door. And it was yeah but he's got his little his little like routine with his cat like everybody has coffee and gives the cat half a can of cat food, you know? So it's very sweet.
Right.
Did the owner tell you his name?
Yeah. Does he answer to moose?
Now look.
Yeah because my husband's adopted cat actually answers to her name. He goes out Stella she just she's like comes out from wherever she is. It's really kind of weird. So
Oh my gosh, it's like
It was like, I I did not anticipate having a zoo, but yeah, that's it. It's all right. Yeah.
Let's see. We
are at 25 37. We are. This was great. It was good talking to you there.
I would be a crazy dog lady. I would have one of all the dogs. So yeah,
it's
kind
of fun. All right, well, listen, enjoy the rest of your evening. Yeah.
It's
but