Whoa, that's right, yeah. Hello? Okay.
you able to hear me? Okay.
The
audio
is cutting out, Yeah, the audio is cutting out a tiny bit, but hopefully that clears up. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it sounds like it's a lot better now.
Um nope, I think we're just supposed to chat, I've done one of these like a couple days ago and we just kind of chatted about random stuff, whatever we want.
But
you
have a little bit before.
Okay.
weird. Um This one should be 25 the last one I did, it was totally fine, like we just had exactly 25 minutes and then did like a little survey at the end and then I think the next day the bonus was already like in a prolific account, so that was pretty cool.
As
we'll make a deal.
Yeah, I am in Arizona and I just got off work like 20 minutes ago or so. What about you?
Okay. Oh wow. Okay so this is a little bit later there. Huh
the window behind you it looks like it's still light out there. Oh
Yeah by eight o'clock here it's like super dark out already
I guess.
that's
jimmy.
the time zones don't change here at all so it's just whatever you get
but every
time
sunsets. Yeah I don't mind enough.
it was probably like 100 and eight here today.
Have you ever been to Arizona?
Although
when it um when it's the summer and the monsoon storms hit then it gets pretty humid. It doesn't last very long but it does get kind of miserable here
when it's used and hot. Okay.
I've always wanted to go to michigan I feel like um well I used to date a guy that his whole family was from the Upper Peninsula, so he would go there a lot and I'd see pictures of some of these like really pretty places he would go, I think there was some like crazy ski jumps he visited and some like ice caves and just is so green and beautiful there. Oh and the past, is the food, is it called Pastie? Oh
yes, he would bring those back because
is a restaurant here that they sell pasties but they're not the same as the ones from um from michigan. Mhm.
that would be kind of fun though, I didn't know you could do any kind of dog mushing here in the United States or well, I mean, other than Alaska.
yeah.
Harry.
Oh, sorry, I almost interrupted you. Um I'm not from here, but I've lived here since I was like three, so I close enough, I would say pretty much native. So uh
yeah, what about you and michigan, have you been there most of your life? Mm hmm.
Seriously?
How are you doing with them? The whole pandemic and lockdown and all that?
Oh, did he get to like have a good graduation and all that or not really? Because
it was so crazy.
What a weird guy. We're all in right now.
Hey,
expect
yeah,
Um you know, it's been pretty good before the pandemic. My work was very strongly against working from home. Um But as soon as it hit they were like okay everybody everyone's working from home until further notice and they're having this work from home out of the year, at least they might extend it. And it's been working out really well. I just happened to get I happened to have adopted a dog right before the pandemic.
So I got a pep yeah, I got a puppy right before it all hits. So that's been a really good timing. Like I got a dog and I'm stuck at home all day and it's been just good. So I've been able to train him. I'm not really have to worry about driving back and forth from the office and I really do love working from home. I feel like when things calm down a little bit with coronavirus, like I hope they let us work from home like half half the time because it's just, it's such a better work life balance. And I think everybody in my company likes it so much better
accident.
Yes. I feel like a million times more productive. It took a little bit of getting used to not getting distracted by stuff around the house, but I just love it. And it's been great being my dog too.
I
do kind of miss every yeah.
My puppy. What was
that?
So I got him from the pound. Um, and he's a mix. So he looks like a shiba inu if you know what kind of breed that is, They look like a little fox. Um, his face is a little bit darker. I just tried to grab him and bring him up here. Hold on one sec if you want to
see.
he's right here
so
his face doesn't really look like a Shiva but his like body, he has like a little curly, Yeah.
so at some point I'm going to do one of those like doggy DNA tests to see what he actually is. Um But yeah, he's a really good dog. I looked out. He's a great dog.
Angry.
What?
No.
I think
my
daughter was oh sorry, what was that?
What kind of dogs do you have? Yeah.
so
small, small cute dogs. Yeah,
well that's that's just about perfect.
You
know at first he did not he kind of liked to do his own thing at night and just like slept wherever he wanted, but probably within the last month he will fall asleep on my bed and then he'll jump off at some point soon after and then he usually jumps back in around like 45 A. M. Early spring and very subtly tries to like wake me up for walks and food. Okay.
Yeah.
I don't get it either I think I mean dogs they just want to be with you and be with their pack and your owner. Um Yeah my dog's not like super cuddly he is but only when he wants to. Um
So.
Mhm. Yeah so yeah much like a cat kind of so when he is sleeping in the bed it's either kind of like where he's just touching my foot but not like pressed up or super cuddly but he does get like that sometimes.
what?
No sleep kind of night probably. So there
haven't been any thunderstorms here yet since I've had him. But just today my smoke alarm started chirping like the battery is going bad or something and that was really freaking him out. Like he got off,
it was running around and was really scared and he's never really heard a noise like that before so it kind of makes sense. He definitely gets his like scared puppy moments too.
Um He gets because usually we go to places that he loves, we go to my mom and dad's, they have a big backyard where there's they have some cats that run around. So he like loves going there and also hiking, I've taken hiking so he knows that usually the car means somewhere fun. And also I don't know why I know most dogs don't love the bed. My dog freaking loves the vet. He like loves it there. So um he also gets excited when we're going there. Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. Oh gosh. Yes. From Starbucks. Yeah. He
bye
if I get those and I like hold the cup up in front of his face, he kind of starts like his front paws float up in the air. Like he can't, he's so excited, he can't even keep his paws on the ground. It's so cute.
His name is kai K I. Uh it means a bunch of different things in different languages, but actually one of my neighbors from Hawaii and when she found out it's dangerous, like oh that means ocean in Hawaiian. So I just liked it because it was a cool name and it's kind of like, I've always had a list of dog names in my head for whenever I got. Yeah. And that was one of them. So his name of the pound was like zipper or zippy or something like that and
I didn't really like it. So
I feel like they probably just get so many dogs, they're like steve zip sarah. Yeah,
I'm just picking random names.
They didn't fit their, their personalities. Huh?
What did you end up renaming them? Okay.
Those are good names. Okay.
Yeah. You see it? Well, last week I had a bit of a scare, I woke up at like three in the morning and my dog needs to go out. He usually doesn't wake up in the middle of the night, but he wanted to
go outside. So I took him out and as we were walking outside he kind of like lunged in the rocks towards something and I didn't I didn't notice anything and I just like, you know, whatever pulled him away, but like 10 minutes later I noticed that his face was starting to puff up and I was like what the heck is going on? So I just like got the Benadryl close by and it looked like he was kind of having an allergic reaction to something. And then um like his lips started puffing up at his eyelids, started puffing up and I was like right on the brink of like okay we're going to the emergency that um but I gave him some Benadryl and that helped and um he must have been stung by a bee maybe, or a scorpion or something, but his poor face was all puffed up for about a day. Um and then it kind
of just started subsiding, but he was an unhappy dog for a while there. I think whatever it was that happened was like inching him or something and he was like pawing at his face and I was like oh gosh should I take
him to the vet or not? Um
so it wasn't that bad where I know which ones you're talking about, where they're just proof their whole face. Um He definitely like one I could tell where it happened at like one side of his nose was pretty swollen but
he was just having like a not fun reaction to it. I felt so sorry for the pup but I talked to some friends whose dogs had also gone through the same thing and they were like probably don't need to take him to the vet unless he's like having trouble breathing or vomiting or keep an eye on him. So I just kind of kept him um loaded up with the doggy dose of vendrell
and that
seems.
Yeah. It's funny I heard this, heard my dog running around like when he heard yours
contents.
Have they always done that? Yeah. Yeah. It's funny how
dogs will just do that sometimes. Like well just like pick a person that they decided they want to bark at. I've definitely known people who have had that happen before to them. Yeah.
you have cats too.
Oh let me think it along. Okay.
I agree. And your dogs are pretty much okay with them?
that's true,
Mhm. Let's see.
Well.
I almost adopted a cat that didn't need to be adopted. Um I live in an apartment complex and um there's this cat that was always right out by like where my front door is for a couple weeks and it was the sweetest cat ever, like every time, I mean it just flops over and shows its belly and it runs up sparring, and I seriously love this cat so much. And I even um like posted on a neighborhood forum, like, hey, does anybody own this cat? Like I've been seeing it, and I've been thinking of maybe adopting it, but I don't like steal somebody's cat, it didn't have a caller, it didn't have like the the little thing they do in the like uh yeah, I didn't see that, so, but he was kind of like very well fed is a pretty big cat. Um and then I was kind of thinking about it was like you actually just like keep this cat because I really loved me and I really love it, it's a super cute cat, and then one day I was outside petting it and um it's like hey that's my cat, and I was like
oh he's like oh yeah, he loves everybody, he just traveled around from apartment to apartment. And I told him I was like I kind of thought he was a straight because he didn't have like he kind of just I didn't know. But um so I'm glad
I didn't actually take somebody's cat but I shouldn't have.
thanks.
What?
I still love, I don't see him every day because it's too hot out so I don't think he's outside running around as much anymore but I still love running into that cat mm.
Mhm.
Okay I've been calling the Cat PLC for parking lot cat but his name is moose and apparently everybody around here loves this cat too, that's why he's so big because everyone's like giving him treats and everything.
Mhm. Um I haven't tried it because usually he just runs right up, he just like
him he just comes right on up and just start saying I have to try that though just to see if he if he comes to you.
man. Cats and dogs you're so lucky to have them both.
That's completely
Well I think we might be in our 25 minutes.
That's right.
I think chatting about dogs that made it go by so fast, I'm like, oh my gosh, it's already been like almost half an hour.
So
me
too.
it was good. This chat park
uses a lot of fun
by.