I know. Really? Yeah. Okay. Hello.
Fine, thank you. Let me get my timer set up.
That's a pretty good one. All right. Where's that? Uh
my name's Melissa. I am in the suburbs of Chicago.
Well actually, so I'm not technically in a suburb. If you drive west about 45 minutes. Uh My town right before you hit the cornfields, I'm actually closer to Aurora if you know where Aurora is.
whereabouts up there are you from?
my
my
husband.
What? No, go ahead.
Yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Well probably. Did you ever take the total way out of the cow?
Yeah because that will go right through Aurora. North Aurora now. Uh I was gonna say a couple of years ago now my husband got a job over in Joliet and we finally started looking for houses over there. And uh so I'm familiar with New Lenox. It looks nice. Mhm.
Yeah my my parents are downstate but same thing, you know, they bought a house in the 90s and they've stayed put and that's worked out real nice for them.
Okay. Fair enough. Um So my geography was never very good. Which part of Georgia is Atlanta? That's the far north of the far south
or maybe wider.
okay. And uh how do you like it down there?
Oh I don't I don't love the verb to Chicago if I had my way. I I probably move out to the to the you know Wyoming planes have a lot of space. Be very rural.
yeah. So so I don't so I do know my parents lived down in Alabama for a couple of years when I was really young and I have no memory of it. But the one thing they have said is it was hot, it was always hot and the humidity is what kills you. And so yeah, it's hot all the time. Hot.
Well
Absolutely,
Well I uh I've always thought it would be nice to tour the country, but I do it in an R. V. I. I admire you for we're undertaking that kind of track on your own. You're on the Vampire.
I know you're saying
doesn't,
Wait but you said you were going to wait until you were 40, right, and you're 42, so two years and you gave up.
Yeah. Or I would miss you where you're going to be gone for one.
Yeah wow. Uh So so does Covid put put a crimp in in some of your bicycle stuff, you have to put things off for a while because of that are
I don't doubt it. I'm seeing headlines recently that were like well okay I saw a headline yesterday that was even trump. Doesn't want to let infected americans come back to the U. S. I'm like that's insane but of course nobody else wants us coming in either. It's
Yeah. It's amazing.
absolutely.
fair enough. Nobody, nobody could possibly seen this one coming. I don't think not
in the way it is not in the way of the merged, it was just so strange.
But yeah.
it's
mm. I listened to a lot of podcasts and quite a few of them are related to like economics and economic theory and I think they would say that we make it out to be simple. We have all these all these biases that um things are things are as they always have been and will always continue to be and it's just it's amazing all the ways that we try to console ourselves by like hiding from reality. Yeah, I agree with you there, there's, well, I feel like with the covid, like a lot of people are like, oh my gosh, but the people with preexisting conditions in this and the elderly and other, I'm thinking well how how do those people live on a normal basis? Like there's so many things out there that could get you, or like, like if it's my time to go, like I could get in a car crash, you know, it's just Yeah,
Yeah, I see that.
no,
you can hit that car, please don't tell me anything gruesome. Okay.
But
I
think I heard about this.
But
Uh huh. No, I saw this, I saw the headlines, it got linked stuff of like drudge report and stuff. It's big news. I know where you're going.
I tell you what though, so Chicago politics and, and Illinois politics like, okay, the covid things went fine. They're handling fine. I don't have issues with it, but they're just spend, spend, spend and they're like include together and reinforcing each other and there's no break and there's nobody else of like any like level of authority whose like saying, hey hold on, you should think about this and you should do that. Like they just, I would move out of the state if I felt like we had like good options. I have actually looked like, how long is my husband's commute if I like jump over the indiana border and looked like just to feed into indiana or something because you know the politics I could survive. But it's like I'm really concerned about financially where it's going and like we already have like some of the highest overall taxation burden, like between outrageous property taxes and sales tax and income tax, like everything together is really high. Uh and I'm concerned about what's going to happen with, you know, like, like this little little economic bump that covid is creating. Like we were, we were not financially sound, we were, they were talking bankruptcy. They were talking uh you know, pension crisis before any of this ever happened. I don't know how they're going to fill the gap. Uh huh. I, once the dust settles here. So yeah.
Over
But
they could have given quite a bit more, especially if they had targeted it. Like I was talking like my in laws and my parents and they all got full or nearly full payments and they're like, we really don't need this money. They were like all like none of their jobs were affected, they moved its work from home and like, but they in trying to get money out fast, they gave it to everybody and they didn't think about who really needs it and how the target to people who really need it. So you're right, like if if you suddenly like could not work and fell into some sort of unemployment gap where you weren't going to get that money or in Illinois, it was a real mess. You couldn't get that money. Some people for six weeks because
they
just couldn't through. Yeah, 1200 is maybe a rent payment. It's not it's not much.
Well mhm. Good.
Yes in various I do I do hear a lot of people talking about the it's sort of like
pushing people into poverty here is going to create a lot more um long term pain and and and even death than then covid is directly like all of these offshoots, all these offshoots are serious problems. Um and they talk about things like cancer diagnoses are way down because people aren't seeing their doctor for things they should be seeing their doctor for. Um But but yeah there's a lot of there's a lot of collateral issues, I know domestic violence is way up. My husband works in the courthouse and they had to like another guy to the courtroom for domestic violence just because there's so much, so much coming in. And uh my father in law was talking to a cop picking up chinese food and he was he was asking how's it going this where it was when everybody was locked down and he was like, you know, we're not that busy, but almost every calls domestic violence like they weren't stopping people for traffic tickets or anything. But yeah, Yeah, I mean, absolutely, sometimes you hear, you know, the safest place for these kids is, is it school because sometimes their home life is not good. So there's a lot of you're right, there's a lot of uh of other problems being created by the way they're handling it,
Come on the line.
Sorry, I just know my underlying a little sorry,
Okay.
The
we,
I remember all this lot of uh ads for uh you know by car now and we'll make your first three payments
or something. And I remember thinking man, you gotta be nuts.
What?
The dealer plate? Yeah.
Hello?
I can't hear. I did hear that people for people who shop too much, like a lot of people are having issues with shopping, that's what they do to build a time and make them feel better. So I kind of wonder if the car thing is, is that on steroids like when you don't control anything, it feels like good to take control or something
doing something so. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah my timer went off about a minute ago so we can keep talking if you want. But just so you know, we're done. If you want to be
uh we can be done I we can be done. I should probably get on with it so I can go make dinner of it
nicely.
Thank
you.
I
think that's the way to do it.
It's
all right. Thank you for that.
And I hope I hope you get back on your bike tours.
Eric keep safe.