well yeah,
nice to meet you too.
Um I'm claire if
you're and
Oh wow, all right, nice to meet you Alex. Um You said you have a sister?
30 siblings, older? Uh huh.
Two older brothers and one older sister, so I'm the youngest.
Gosh this is kind of an interesting thing, I don't really know what to expect from it.
actually signed up for yesterday, I went through all the processes um when it finally gave you the link to click on the video chat, I click the next button, I totally lost it, so I felt bad, I left someone hanging yesterday.
Anyone?
No.
Mhm. Yeah it's a good experience, Good to see you. Uh
One more time.
Yes I am in here right now.
wow, that's awesome, Have you lived there?
Yeah I'm a junior in college right now, so I'm just home right now. Um Finals week is next week so almost
do
you?
One more time?
I'm an engineering major Electrical. It's not too impressive. I don't really know what I'm doing a lot of the times. What about you?
Actually not too sure. So
we'll see what I end up doing. You said music therapy though. How did you get interested in that?
What,
wow. That's incredible
to work with it afterwards.
Well
this is gonna sound kind of crazy but I have a best friend from high school and that is all that she wants to do. She um
had a hard time finding a college that had a program for it though. It
is
Yeah she's in Virginia while she goes to Virginia Tech
I think right now she's working with them. Gosh it's like counseling and pretty much that and then she'll look into masters programs that can focus more on the music therapy side.
Well that's actually so crazy. I've never ever heard of like anyone else you wanted to do that or who was actually in the field.
Okay. Um so you said your specialty is the clarinet? Have you always been met?
Thank you.
No, actually, um
there's something that I tell everyone anyone who's musically talented at least is I have the most respect for people who are musically inclined because I have never been musically inclined whatsoever. Um Actually, I had a guitar lessons for a few years,
I made anything of it
and I just think there's a lot of skills that you can eventually with enough time and effort you can get better at them. But I think that musically talented people, it's just a gift and I have so much respect for people are
It's
okay, me too.
dr so probably math um kind of hypocrite.
Um Yeah, mostly math and now that I look at it um I always liked more of a hands on kind of things, so right now in school we do like the labs and all the practical things. I find it a lot more interesting.
But what about you?
Yeah, the music is like all practical, so.
Yeah, but another skill that I definitely do not have,
that we're gonna say
no
you're good. I don't have a I don't have a rhythm at all, so that's definitely something you can't learn. Yeah.
So last year we actually had a lab practical on circuitry, so we got to build all different types of like practical circuitry and like kind of push the limits to some stuff, so I thought that was pretty fun but most people find it kind of boring.
Yeah, a lot of times I find like sitting in lectures or anything um I don't know, it just really doesn't doesn't click with me. I don't know until I actually um good to see it or do some application.
100%. I actually think those online quizzes, what type of learning are you? Uh huh.
Yeah actually totally opposite. I hate reading, I can't do it. I find a hard time focusing for too long, but that's definitely a me thing.
Um What are your favorite books? Yeah.
huh.
No.
Yeah, they definitely kind of grew a lot as technology grew and I don't know, I could definitely see the truth to have a lot of people say the books are always better than the movies. Mhm.
How far?
Yeah. Gosh, let's see, I just actually last summer usually I take all the recommendations for my brother for any sort of movies or tv shows because my older brother, anything he likes I'll end up liking, so it kind of helps filter out in six time. Um so I watched the entire uh adventure series, which was interesting, like the marvel movies, it's definitely a, I guess more of a nerdier thing, but I watched all of them in the order, they're supposed to be watched in and it was like, it was definitely a binge watch, it wasn't like a casual, let's watch a movie.
it was, it was like, I did watch at least two movies, so it's kind of, it was kind of a lot, but it gave me something to do. Um I really enjoyed that series.
What?
Is it any good?
No.
so with school teachers haven't been times they've been overloading a lot of
our country, uh, advantage that we're home and then home. I've actually watched less tv than
most people. Okay.
I think it's hard to kind of gauge because I guess teachers think your home and so you have three time 24 7, but it's not really the case. Ah
Yeah, exactly. So that's kind of difficult. I know that a lot of people have been watching a lot more tv recently. May I speak after finals are through, I'll be able to kind of sit back and relax.
Bull See I'm trying to think of any netflix. What was the last netflix series that I watched? Man, this is
kind of watch Nothing since so long. Um, actually the last theory that I watched was the Good Place.
It was such a, because I washed it so quickly and I was so sad and so yeah.
Uh
No,
go ahead.
No I just loved the plot twist in it because you sit there and you think you know what's going on? Like did you have the observer role on that show? And then all just thursday for a loop like no you're just as this is there. So I liked that one.
Um I have to say mid March, it was probably about March 10th. Somewhere around there is pretty early I guess. It's really sad. They gave us some, they gave us a five day notice that we're going to switch from in person classes to online classes.
Yeah so that was not really the best case and then so we're all pretty disappointed but they've given us the option to stay on campus if we wanted to. So me and all my we're just going to stay on campus. And then the next day the, the state had kind of shut down pretty much. And they sent, they had, they give us one in order to pack up all your stuff and move out and get off.
Mm. Yes, that was not, that was not the funnest.
I mean you have a ton of friends. Do you want to say goodbye to them? But all of you also have one day to figure out travel arrangements and pack up all your stuff and get out. So the balancing of the two, what? It was a tough choice.
Mm hmm. Um, another thing about me is I'm on the, I'm on a rowing team college. Yeah, Which is, it's technically a division one program. But
uh, we had just gotten back from, uh, a training trip for spring break week on to florida. We spent a week and just three or four practice today, just only focusing on that. And then we come back from spring break trip And usually it's the after spring break is the mark where we go from uh indoor rowing back doors because the weather is getting better, spent one or two days outside and then all this stuff starts happening and then immediately our whole season is canceled because the spring is our main season, our whole season was canceled and then we thought that was the end of the world. And then the next thing is that we're all sent home. So
it was
a definitely a big week.
Yeah. Yeah. It was just uh, you never really know what to expect I guess. But I'm pretty thankful that the only really thing that I had to worry about was not having a row in season or losing like time friend and I guess there's a lot of the worst things that can be happening. Be thankful for that.
I
don't
That's incredible. Um Yeah, my uncle right now actually has um he has it and
all right. He is like
a rare condition, um rare symptoms with it where he's experiencing like brain issues. So there especially studying now, like the effect brain pretty much, which is an interesting thing. It feels like something new comes out about this virus every day. Just when you think it's about to go like flat line and start decreasing something else comes out and it just seems to get worse and worse. It
he's in the hospital right now. So they're looking into it. So, I mean
all
sitting
up all night
moves. Thank you. I really appreciate that.
Um You said your mom's in the healthcare industry as well. What does she do?
So, what have you guys been doing to kind of work with them? Like going out and coming back in? You need measures.
All
huh. But, well, thank you to you and your family, I guess, because with the formal interview involved in the healthcare industry, that's that's actually incredible.
What
are you?
So, both my parents are in government work, so one of them actually able to work at home and and this is going to work every few days. So mostly from home, which is Uh huh.
Like FBI and differently government sectors like that. What?
I'm thinking about doing it later on in life. We'll see. But my mom is actually, my mom is at high risk to contract it. So she's been working from home. And then um you actually think thinks he's already gotten that. He um he's never been knocked out from a virus ever. And his entirely. And earlier like about a month ago he was knocked out for like three or four days just like couldn't even get up and like someone like my dad. So I already had it. We'll see them. I guess there's really no way of knowing. But it's interesting because I don't really know if um like what will come to this because obviously it's gonna really long to get a vaccine. But like well everyone eventually have to contract it to develop the antibodies. Like I don't know I'm not like that smart when it comes to medical things like that. But I guess only time. So.
Which is kind of crazy like you don't know um When can things open back up and when will things kind of resemble something
that's
I think
our restaurants uh is what I've heard of starting to open up. But I don't know if anyone would be inclined to do so. But
it's kind of crazy. You wonder too. I was talking with my dad the other day. You wonder what things will will never be the same ever again.
What about that?
Yeah I guess that's really true. Um I guess no one really just saw this coming at this point in the world. Yes. I think I think one thing that it will help is it will help us better prepare for something in the future. Because it seems like a lot of countries like especially here like we weren't really ready to see that happen at all. Yeah.
Work.
Uh huh Yeah, it's like, I don't know I think that because a lot of reports are coming out now that this was a thing like way back in in the fall and that we kind of just weren't really paying attention to it. We're focused on like our political issues or any, like she used to put all our news and this is like a thing going on and everyone just kind of brushed it off as like an issue that was happening somewhere else. So it's kind of interesting to see how quickly, like it's just from being, oh this is someone else's problem to the entire nation kind of going crazy over it.
What?
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, that I wasn't obviously old enough to remember, but
I
have
my parents,
yeah, so anyone just not just on the border there, but I have experiences. Um my mom was actually a police officer um near the Pentagon area, and my dad was a firefighter near the Pentagon area. I was definitely um just hearing like all the things happening after that. Yeah, it's a big movement too. Everyone kind of pulling together after a really unexpected event that we were really weren't prepared for. It's kind of crazy, I don't know,
and
just thinking it's gonna be this like this period right now that we're living in is going to be another huge period in the history books.
Yeah, I don't really know how to evaluate it, but it'll definitely be something a story I can tell later on in life, I guess.
forever.
Mhm. Um Quick question with platform. Did you find this video
chat?
Well,
yeah, I'm on a prolific as well last week and it's been incredible with things are popping up like every day and I had always tried other sites and they would always make me go through like a 30 minute um survey and then automatically disqualifying me after we spending so much of my time.
Yeah, it's been the best week pretty much and I actually found it because a lot of them are academic studies, okay, they're actually really interesting. I did one the other day where um at the beginning of it, they briefed me and they told me it's totally like, like it was all a lot, it was all fake and at the very end they told you was fake and just to see like your reactions to different things, it's been is
Hello?
yeah, there is one I did the other day where it actually um it made you solve puzzles and I was like this is just like a game and I'm getting paid for it's kind
of great.
They were they were like anagrams so like you unscramble like words and then they were little riddles pretty much.
All right.
wonder what like the motives behind a lot of these are. It
was
Which is the end of the day you probably didn't like a lot of like impactful work which is kind of nice to think about after some of these.
we'll see what comes out of this study.
Yeah there's no time what it's gonna be for I guess maybe a human interaction but mm I think we're I think we're at our time here.
I'm not okay
man. Well it was really nice meeting you.
Thanks
for
total stranger.
All right. Yeah. First of luck to you and your family and again looking for your parents and the work that you guys
do.
Good
luck with this.
No.