Yeah mm. What? Okay. Yeah, but all right. Uh huh Yeah Yeah. Okay Mhm Oh wow. Right. No. Yes no. Okay wow. Speaker wow. Oh mhm Yeah. Okay. No. Right mhm Uh huh mhm mhm Yeah No. Uh huh Welcome. Uh huh wow. Oh oh black Yeah. But yeah Uh huh Uh huh mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah mhm Yeah mhm Yeah mhm mhm It could yeah mhm Yeah Uh huh fairly mhm Yeah mhm Yeah mhm Yeah mhm mhm mhm mhm Yeah you like you to get hello?
to meet you
uh if you're comfortable, what's your name?
Hi
was almost my sister today when she was born. My name is Alex
Yeah, I do a younger sister named Sidney. Do you have any siblings?
I don't know.
Are you the baby? No,
Neither did I?
Oh well I'm
glad they let you do
it over again. Mhm
to see you. You're in the eastern time zone. Through with amount mistaken.
Are you in the Eastern time zone to?
Virginia? I'm in north Carolina.
Uh No, I'm actually from new york, I'm just in uh north Carolina. My dad's letting you live with him while I write my master's thesis. Are you are you a student?
Yeah. Good luck. What's
your
memory? Oh, sorry, what
what's your major?
I'm actually a music therapy graduate student, but I have a lot of relatives who are engineers. I do have like a specialty you want to get into yet?
Look,
so I did a bachelors in music performances and undergraduate, I clarinets, my primary instrument. And I,
most of my and both of my parents work in healthcare, so I've always wanted to kind of get into health care. So I got accepted to remove that. They're the masters program. Oh
Christie.
Um Hopefully I I've been told I work well with Children so I
hope to get a position working with Children with disabilities.
But
are
into a lot of colleges that will that have programs either undergraduate or master's. Is your friend also in Virginia?
Okay. Yeah there aren't a lot of music therapy schools in Virginia.
Yeah that's a that's a good route to take that way to already have a lot of the council requirements over with and the morning to focus on the music for the portions of the degree. She would qualify for an equivalency, a degree of a lot of rosters programs.
Oh yeah it's a growing field.
Yeah. Did you play any instruments
at the club
whatever?
Nothing.
No.
Well thank you. I have a lot of respect for people who can do math without you know
without their brain exploding which is what happens to me every time I do not.
Or your favorite subjects in school?
No
uh That's
I was never really great at the practical portion of anything except music.
Well there's some theoretical stuff you can take a music very class on how it's structured but that's it's pretty boring.
No well
I'm sorry I
interrupted the image.
Were there any lab practical who particularly enjoyed in school? Mhm.
No I could see how that would be interesting
You sound like a kinesthetic runner that you learned mostly night doing.
I'm I prefer to I prefer to read rather than the full something. Yeah
No no a lot of people have difficulty focusing for long periods of time. It's not just you.
I was a big harry potter fan as a
kid but and I don't
know I don't like the new movies you know the one with the dumbbell there in Grenoble?
I agree with
that. I know you said you don't like to read that you have any favorite tv shows or movies.
yeah that must have taken a long time
So
Uh huh I'm watching Lucifer on netflix right now. It's this T. V. Show about the devil likes that. He lives in Los Angeles. Yeah it's
oh it's you know it doesn't have the best writing but I find it enjoyable you asking
anything during quarantine
girl?
Or,
no my sister has been telling me the same thing she's in I guess the position she's in the positions with the same program and she says they're really overrunning her tail.
they they don't think you have to want to do or anything like that.
Oh God I hope so.
Political.
I love the good place.
Yeah it
was really uh
please go ahead.
No I forgot what I was gonna say. Go ahead.
When did your school send you home?
that's not a lot of time.
Oh my gosh.
No no.
I'm sorry to hear the app.
What?
That
must
yeah. That must have been really disappointing.
Yeah. I'm very thankful that nobody I know has contracted
the
virus. Yeah
I will.
What?
my my dad's a doctor and he has to go on these on these a group called every uh you know I used to hear new things about the virus from different colleagues to work with it and things like that and he says something similar. Well I hope your uncle screaming you peg other.
I
hope
he makes
full recovery
maybe.
Yes. Uh She's a sonography for so like when you like when you're pregnant when they go to get an author sound of their you know their fetus that's like what he does accept does it Well except she doesn't to diagnose things not with it baby. And she's teaching way out just drive. So she's just been doing things from gone with numbers for four. But my dad still has to go in. Yeah.
So you well I'm
very low risk for contracting the virus. So there so I just have been leaving his that I guess the other parents, but don't leave them out for him and will change into his drugs and like the in the front room and then we'll put his clubs in the washing for you to watch later. And we've all just been watching her hands more frequently and things like that.
Oh, thanks. So uh
what
do your parents work at home or are they or do they work outside the home right now?
May I ask what kind of government work your parents do?
need. That's really neat. Uh
Mm. My dad is not a vaccine specialist, but he speculates it's going to take a lot longer to develop a vaccine. Like, you know, the timeline is born, you know, several years instead of uh months.
Well,
and north Carolina is just starting to reopen the data open things. Not unfortunately, but I don't think anyone's going to, you know, to
build in a restaurant anytime soon.
No, I know I'm not going to for a while. Oh
yeah. Well, things got normal after the spanish
flu and that killed a lot more people.
I guess we don't have the cultural memories to make this scared of vaccines the way like
South Korea was because of the stars out. I found it really admirable with their health care system. Handover handled the virus.
Yeah. It has been really
interesting. The only thing I can find comparable to it is and have a bit older than you. I'm 27 I'm old enough. I'm just old enough to have a pretty clear memory of 91 and that was the closest I've ever seen. Our country act like this.
No, you're
you're
11
21.
No, it
was
It will. Mhm. Gosh.
Yeah. It's going to be really interesting to help
people generations about.
I
found this on prolific. Are you
mechanical trigger prolific?
Yeah. That they only uh I used to use survey junkie a lot and at least they're they're less than the than obviously foods are very excited. It's no comparison, you know.
It's really interesting. Not I got what didn't happen. I
that was where I had to evaluate different pictures of flowers, you know like which flower from the most attractive and the second most tracked it all the way down to the attractive right.
Puzzles
would have been my worst nightmare.
That sounds really interesting. I got
one from new Zealand where I had to read a criminal crew plage and it is I hate everything about something awful happening to a little girl. I had to you know pathogens. So truthful. I thought you know the little girl was and how well I think the lawyer questioning for ask the questions. Uh huh.
It
was yeah the museum when it was the legal study uh How when social workers and lawyers can ask questions from miners in four cases.
Yeah. That it was nice to think about.
Yeah. I'm really interested to see if I see the results in those anywhere. Yeah.
I think so. I had let me take a look. Okay.
Yeah, I think we're finished.
It
was
nice meeting you too. Yeah.
Yeah. It's really
you
can well thank
you for the very your family in the work that your parents here in the government. I hope you. I hope you do well on your finals and you have a very stressful swimmer.
Oh, thank you. Good luck with
your finals.