Yeah. Uh huh. Mm Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, they decide. I know I'm on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Uh huh Okay. Mhm, mm Uh huh Mhm Hello?
Hi,
I'm doing
great hole
you
Hi fellas, my name is Kira. How you doing?
I live in on florida.
No, thank God. Mhm.
Oh, what's
up?
Um It's pretty cool in the mornings, it's really like cold. So
it kind of like, well I guess I would call like 60° cold, but is 60° in the morning and then by 9, 10 o'clock is like hot.
So
met eighties, so it's like kind of like I'll be bundled up, but I dropped my husband to work in the morning, I'm like literally cold and by the time I reached back home is like hot. Well it's
like florida weather is really crazy.
Well right now I do a lot of crafting. So right now I like create like jury, a lot of resin, um jury items and I just picked up this new habit with um the two tools, the tools, so I'm doing these little tool bags and
stuff because I saw one in a hobby lobby when I was looking for some um what you call it, ribbon tape, ribbon take something, and I found this arm, this beautiful tool bag, canvas bag. So I've been crafting these like um tool handbags for kids and stuff because my daughter, she believes she's such a little princess, so
I'm like, okay, so we're gonna go with this whole princess theme kind of thing um for christmas and then probably see like um sell a couple of them to see how it goes
in the market,
so yeah,
so that's
what I'm
working
on, pardon me,
she's six.
It's, I'm from Nassau Bahamas Mhm.
not really, it's more, hmm, is a little bit much more harder.
It's more harder. So
for us for the last couple of years, I haven't been home in a long, long time like that. But when I was living back at home um it was like a lot, it was hot a lot. So during
the
winter seasons you never really got to experience like the change in weather now when I was younger. Um probably like five to like 12. I remember like during like November December, the whole house used to be like extremely colt during the winter
season and I remember all of us how they need to like, you know, bear these big tick jackets and these wear socks when your foot because it was so cold. But then
all of a sudden as I became older it really wasn't like that anymore. So I don't know it's weird thinking
about this
pretty
weird.
In texas wow.
No she hasn't seen
snow yet. Yeah.
she did ask so she probably probably would do that like I don't know probably when she gets a little bit older so she could really enjoy it because she sees it through like she loves frozen so that's her
version
of snow right now. But the funniest thing is even with that she's talking about mom we have to go to paris and I'm like
paris you know she's already
talking
about
stuff
like that.
I'm trying to figure out what she knows about paris.
Yes they do
Arianna.
Okay. Mhm. Well you got three sons so you can get that granddaughter.
That,
Care right
now.
No I haven't had anybody close to me um who's had it so I thank God for that now my husband he's like one of his his friends um daughter passed away from it
and stuff so
you know I was really sad to hear about that but is
it is I just can't wait till this is over
and just No
2021 and Everything
This.
I mean it um I lost my um my father a couple years ago 3 3 years ago and it was so hard but the pain I mean it was I can imagine how do you feel the pain of it's like you know, but as the time went on, it kind of got easier and easier to live because what I realized is like the special moments like things like you forget that you didn't think about like what they used to do because sometimes, you know, I kind of like took him for granted,
but then like what I remember is like all the great memories of him like playing with us as kids and like play fighting with us and him putting me over his leg and lock me in and me screaming and you know, he just used to do you know those fun stuff and I just started remember that. I started just remember all the good times. So even though their God they're still here because they're in here.
No, you can get there not now, but it's a daily process. It was hard for me and I know in, I can never tell anybody how to deal with that grief,
but I know it's just like a daily thing and when you treasure, every special moment that you had with them, that makes you feel so much better.
Yeah. Yeah, I want to make you sad. Sorry.
the funniest thing is my daughter, she wants a prince's car. And so what she did, well what she did was doing was she was calling my mom, her other grandmother. Uh I didn't even know you can do this. She downloaded the santa app. Yeah, she calls santa on the phone and so the phone rings back. So I'm like, who's calling my phone? So,
she's like santa. So I was like, give me the spoon because you know, I'm like, we're calling my phone and so santa and to say, have you been naughty or nice? It's
so I was like, okay then, so I give her back this one, of course I have it on speaker. And he's like, oh, what do you want for christmas? And so she's like, oh my princess car, and then she goes ahead as she writes a letter and tells me
to put
it inside the mailbox. So it was funny, and then she was calling my mom like every day to tell her about like this princess car and it's pink, and because
you know, these kids are so smart right now, so she knows how to
find walmart up, so she's in walmart.
and and they know to work everything because she is so funny because she called my mom on the phone, and then she'll be walking my mom through how to shop at walmart.
And my mom finds that's so funny because like, she don't need her to teach her how to shop. But she's like, yeah, you go to the walmart app while
you go walmart
dot com, and you put in Prince's car in search.
And the
yeah, my mom was like, laughing. So
the
power, the power wheel,
the kids power Well, so she has this
pretty pretty power. Well, so we decided that he was going to get it and we hit it in the garage, and I have no either, and we hit it in the car um because we don't use the car right now, the other car right now, and she actually found it. So
she said
yes, she did. And so now
she's being like, every day she's been going in the garage and she's
been like, oh, come, so I have to go drive my princess car, let's go drive the
prince's
car. And so
I was like
no
she does, she still believes in santa, so
I told her yesterday
that I'm going to take the car back because she's not sitting now um paying attention in class because she's doing a virtual learning and
so she says with a little smart hip, oh I'll just accent for it, so I say
What?
no, no, every day
they gave us an option, so it was
home connect
um the florida virtual school, but she's doing home connect the florida virtual school and then some kids go into school. So my husband, I decided to like let the younger ones um just do the home connect, but this has been really like stressful, this is so hard.
I do not know how like parents um like you want to do the whole
like stay at home thing with the kids.
That's
Into
you do.
because
the teacher, oh my gosh so the teacher she like I know she's trying her best
but she is like literally getting on my nerves because everything is like a complaint
and she bu had the kids so that ticks me off and I feel like you have to set discipline and stuff like that. I'm a strong person and discipline and not letting kids disrespect you and following the rules and stop. But it's a whole thing of if the kids are in the like the kids are nests in their bed. I know they're not supposed to be in the bed but she would just call them out
cabinet. And
then I seriously so
she does that then um The other day she sends me a tax to tell me he took the laptop in the bathroom with him. And so she started to tell me is against school board policy and stuff like that. So I got pissed
because I was like first of all I did not know that he took the laptop in the bathroom. So don't tell me about school board policy. Just tell me
hey she took the laptop in the bathroom please.
it's crazy. So she did
that
then.
No I think
she's
about probably in her late probably not late 30s probably early 40s somewhat
like that.
But
she should have a good um for me like when I talk to my husband about it I think she should have a better grasp on her students. And
how
do you how do you deal with them? Because I know like it's hard because you're not used to the virtual environment, but to come up with something that's more efficient where you are being impactful of making it somewhat, um, Sun so that the kids can be
more engaged in the class, You know, versus you just screaming at kids and stuff like that. Like she literally
had a hissy
fit yesterday because apparently one of the students was um, holding a baby sister or something like, you know, and she's like, oh, I don't care if you're seven and eight year old, you should be following, um, the school board's policy. I already sent it to you. You
should not be holding a baby when you're in class.
This is just like a classroom environment. And I'm like, no, it's not a classroom environment. It's the kid's house. So what do you
expect? You know, you're trying
too
much.
Yeah. Child
well, I'm like at this point I'm trying to get him into like, um, just a whole florida virtual school thing. So I rolled him into that because I'm like, first of all, he came from another school and he was like a a student in math. He was a top student and now he's getting F Cindy's and
you're telling me, oh,
he, uh, he likes to rush through the test and this is why he's failing and stuff. And I'm like, oh, he was at the top of his game. And my thing is I'm not one of those parents who girl be like, oh, my son is so precious or my kids as you know, I'm not going to be not like cloudy space where
you have some parents who believe that Children can't do anything wrong
and stuff. I'm, I'm very realistic and I know like he got his little ways about him and stuff like that right.
But I just feel like her, the way that she does deals with stuff is not appropriate and it doesn't fall in line. Em for me, the last two years with him has really been like an improvement because we had a teacher like in kindergarten who was yes, horrible. So when we finally got these other two teachers, like they're fun. They're engaging. He started to learn, he started to pick up because I was wondering if he was ever going to be successful because when he went in, like we had taught him like that. He already read unknown his A B. CS. He really knew
how to count. He already knew a letter identification. So when he was younger, my whole thing was for him to watch like Youtube where he's doing the alphabet, the alpha, that sounds and then putting words together. And then I have bought the, my baby can read software. That actually works.
I didn't
think it would, but it actually works. And I just used to put it on and I didn't think he was paying attention, but apparently he was paying
attention. So we
did all of that
stuff
and then he went into school and all of a sudden his teacher was like, oh, he can't do this, you can't do that. He can't do it. I was like, it's not the same
child. And so what happened was he went
backwards. So when we finally moved him, he ended up with this great teacher. I mean she was amazing and then he had another great teacher who was just, wow, amazing. Like she was just like, oh my gosh, like she was just I just amazing. She was so good with her students, she really empowered them, she really made them feel good about themselves. Like she was man, she was amazing. I can't go in there. I hope she I always tell her she's amazing stuff like I said, Lord, please don't let her think. I like her like that. But I was like, she did such an amazing job that I had to keep telling like, oh my gosh, you're a great
teacher. You know, she she really is a great teacher. Um So now with this one child, I'll be like, I wonder what those parents is be saying thinking when she be yelling at their kids like that because it really
makes
me
not when
she does
it.
Eight.
he
is eight.
Mhm. Yeah, he's a sorry, let me push this charger in.
And
it
is
important.
I got four. I got twins, they're 19.
Right um Boy and a girl and then my um
my
youngest 86.
they are actually in the Bahamas right now,
No they're in college.
They my oldest, well the older twin, she was in college but since the coronavirus hit um they sent her home and I had an issue with the school because they wanted to charge us even though she got financial aid. Um they wanted to charge us for her being in school which she wasn't in school and so we're trying to clear that up because you want to charge me first of all, she goes to school in florida. So you're telling me okay she's paying older state and which don't make no sense to me because you have a transcript from our high school in the state of florida. So that's number one. Number two is she had not been back to school since March when they sent them home from spring break. But yeah, you're still charging me for dorm a dormitory that she
didn't stay in and thought that she didn't eat now
he's supposed to get on campus. Uh What do you say? One of them trying to say supposed the tuition is supposed to be for on campus, right? Because you know there's a difference between on campus and then Online learning, right? So that's supposed to be some
type of discount. So they want to tell me like Oh it's a $500 discount. I was like are you kidding me? You send me a bill
for $3,589 and telling me uh
you subtracted $500. That's how you brought it down to $3,859. Like you gotta be kidding me. So no, we got to sort that out and stuff and I talked to everybody um sent them a letter and I was like, oh well it is what it is. No, it is not, it is what
it is because I don't got no money to give you
plus
the government
already gave your money anyway because
of school because y'all got to part of that stimulus package.
Yeah, that's
how they
cooked it, but I'm the wrong one child. So yeah, we we we we if we have to go to court over that, That's what we could do because
I'm
not paying
you $3,000,
Pardon me?
Yeah, that was my
mom
Yeah. They're being
spoiled
by my
mom.
Oh, I see, let's say she technically loves it because she was never here, she was like telling me what to do and she's like oh they're notes,
they should do this and that and whatever else. And then I said okay so you wanna tell me how to run my house, let me just send them over to you. So as soon
as they was able to fly all right ship them off and so now she's like oh you know when they're coming back I'm like no no
you got
corona
now,
you know?
no
it's
not because she was
always told me oh
they eat so much and they do
this
and that. I was like mm
yep. Food don't like to clean up after themselves is
a big issue, they
don't think they
should
do that.
So yeah, so I was like, you know what, let them um I'm giving them time to grow up. She don't understand it. I feel like since you want to be an enabler, let them stay with you for a while so that, you know, they can see like
the benefits that they had because they don't have no bills. All they had to do
was do the chores um and if I say watch your little brother and sister every now and again be able to do that um and you can't do that and stuff like that. No, So you you stay there for a while and you think about all of benefits because they're missing the States like crazy because you know, it is not, you know, it's not that easy because they have their own bedrooms here, They have their personal
space and they could eat when
they want
to.
They don't
Yeah.
I don't
know.
We
did our time we're supposed to stop at um 9 25 and now we're at 9 34. So we
did over
because
it was nice meeting you too.
So
you too. You too. All right. Good
night.