Hello? Oh God.
My I think my other browser was not working. Uh Can you see me all right?
It's weird you see? Oh okay. Yeah I was being flogged for some reason. Yeah. Uh Yeah. How are you?
I'm good. I'm steven. What is your name?
So
where
are you from? I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
Yeah it's too hot in Chicago too. Yeah
it's pretty horrible. Um Like eight months of the year. It's pretty it's really bad. But the summer is pretty pretty nice like spring and follow its okay. Most most of the time is bad.
Uh Yeah I live in a suburb nearby. But yeah I went to school in Chicago and I used to live in like Chicago proper. But yeah no no longer.
No I I finished recently actually. So yeah,
I'm showing at home. Yeah.
Yeah. So like looking for a job at this point. How
about how about you? What do you
what are you
doing?
I studied Economics. Yeah,
very
fun.
Uh It's pretty slow because like right now a lot of companies aren't hiring at all and there's a hiring freeze. Um But I mean icon is like decent for buying a job I think. But so I've been having a lot of interviews, but it's pretty difficult still.
Yeah, I actually did think about doing that, but I decided, I mean also my school is giving a discount for like the first year uh if I continued with the masters, but I decided like and the point of getting masters like a huge benefit of that is being able to network with fellow students. And if you're if we're taking remote classes at least for like a full semester, then I I feel like I wouldn't be able to do that very well. And also like I feel like remote having remote classes, like really diminishes the value
of the education. So it's like
it's pretty
expensive and then yeah, but
I think
I'm
the
exactly. I could watch Khan Academy or you do something for Sarah.
Exactly.
No.
Yeah.
Of
course.
I think it's, my professor is, my last quarter seemed to do pretty well. Like they yeah looked and write this answer questions, they were pretty interactive and I think like maybe half the students kept their camera on, so that was like like sometimes I did sometimes I didn't uh
I don't know.
Yeah, I mean for me it particularly sucked because my graduation was also so like we get to walk on stage or anything. Uh That's
luck.
Yeah, that's that's that's what they did for us us as well, like we are invited to come back to the convocation with the next year which is going to be in person, but like a lot of the people I know are international students so like they're probably not going to come back unless they're already in the States, so is definitely not the same thing.
like
if
I would I would come if I'm in Chicago, but apart from that, like if like I wouldn't take like a flight just for it, so I don't know.
It's horrible. Yeah.
The job market is very
bad.
Yeah and a lot of people are losing their jobs are getting, their offers are sanded and that makes it like the pool of people
employed, possible employees so much larger and then the possible spots that is like smaller. So I was like, I would have to compete with people who have like more education and more experience and this is very bad.
But
I,
I guess it does,
it does work as like kind of an excuse like if you're having trouble like oh yeah, I mean that year that was a pandemic. So like that's why. Uh
Oh, surprised you're working for free now. Okay.
that sucks.
So what welcome,
what kind of research are you doing?
is
it related to like a biomedical little or it's
more physics related.
That's cool.
Have you ever used console? Multi physics? So like simulate? Okay. That is too pretty cool. Yeah.
it just falls off. Okay. Yeah
interesting.
for instance. Uh
Yeah but I didn't have a project because um a the economy major just has like a lot of classes have to take but like so there's no like thesis you have to write or anything. Yeah.
Um All my school is very theoretical so we looked at like a lot of different theories that affect trade and international economics macro larger
scale
like.
Yeah it's like it's related to the real world but like it's like very like theoretical like uh so like it's like not like as opposed to something like finance, like a marketing or accounting or things that are like really practical that like you can see how like companies manage their funds or something.
It's like really it's like looking at why the economy works how it does.
So
it's pretty cool.
huh.
Oh I like to trade wars or something like that. Yeah. It's interesting. I feel like that's more in the field of like game theory, like tit for tat. Like 11 imposes something that's negative on the other. So the ideal situation
is
to have it like at the stable points are either no tariffs or they both have tariffs and they're incentivized it. The tariffs.
So
even though, yeah.
that's like
nash equilibrium is, I don't really remember that game. But yeah, I think like the hawks are aggressive and the doves are not and it's pretty interesting.
Yeah, that's pretty cool because like both of their options, even though they're better off if they both cooperate, they're both identifies like for each option of your of your partner, no matter what they pick you yourself are better off if you confess. So yeah, it's kind of like the same thing with the trade war, it's like no matter what they do, you're better off if you put a tariff even though you both put a tariff you're worse off than if there's no tariffs. Yeah, that's pretty cool. But also like that's pretty theoretical, it's like not really that practical as a uh
my school is very theoretical, which I think is cool because it's more interesting and you see like all these Nobel prize winning theories but
um Well I was looking at a lot of like it and management consulting positions, but lately I've been trying to brought in my search to more like operations and logistics positions with supply side management specifically.
Yeah I've taken
a few classes like uh the business school of the college that like those are really practical classes, but most of the classes for my major were like very theoretical. So it's interesting like most of the things that I learned or just in those few like like those few business school crosses. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And on the job
on the
job you just end up using Excel even though like you learned all these different Softwares and like you learned python and coding and everything and just like and there's one class to topic cell and that's all you end up using.
Um But well like I could use it for some forecasting of like involved in data analytics. Like using our for example
there is like yeah like you can you can make models that like
anticipate
results which can use coding but it's like not very heavy or like isn't like writing a program to like what
they learned over time or
something,
Hey.
I know a few people who like studied bio and then they're going to get masters in the computer science which is like only very tangentially related. So it's pretty interesting. Uh
Have you
done a master's
or?
But for you would be like uh if you like if you have a PhD it's like claiming the masters is kind of irrelevant or is what do you want to?
I see. Yeah. I guess if you want to fill all your resume more so they claim after that. Okay.
But but yeah like for the pandemic I feel like it's a decent time to do PhD because like you're not taking uh well it's like more independent research, right? So you don't need to interact with people as much just like your advisor once a week or something. Right.
because the Labral closed, right.
Yeah, that that's really bad actually. I'm wondering if I actually saw it like up some programs like you can do a virtual lab or like you pick up a pipette and then like you Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I feel like it's like similar to like actual driving versus like a driving simulator or maybe like playing a video game, like I feel
like it's way
worse.
you can just crash it as this matter doesn't mix. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I I wasn't really wanting to do, I was like started thinking about it like a bit late, so I missed out on a lot of like scholarships, but yeah, I suppose like right now my plan is to work for a year and then maybe go for masters after that and hopefully get like, yeah, hopefully get a scholarship at that point. Yeah.
I'm not
sure how I feel about that. There's like there's like no commitment or contract or anything,
just
stay with me. That's just
I see. Oh, that's a good position to be in I guess.