Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Talk. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. To look. Yeah, It's Uh huh. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And just like that. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh, okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh. You've been trying to Mhm. Yeah, took Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What is it? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Well. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh mm hmm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. First. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Mhm fact. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh huh. Mhm. Good looking. Okay, helping them. Mhm mm. If you need to continue. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. I think. What? Okay, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. No, mm hmm. He liked it. All right. Okay. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Mhm
What? Yeah.
No, no.
Good, good. How are you?
My name is Anna palm. Your camera is tell fuzzy, but that's okay. I can uh it's fine. Yeah.
So
where are you?
That's cool. Helmand California's Central Valley. Yeah, It's too hard here.
How's the weather over there?
So which do you live in like Chicago or nearby town or any other city?
No, that's cool. Let's go. So do you do you still go to school or uh you finished?
wow. So
I guess you have no other choice.
see,
I'm still
studying,
I'm doing my last year. Uh I'm doing my PhD, so yeah, so hopefully I'll graduate in next next spring. Yeah. What, what you study in college?
How how
is
how is the job hunting going so far?
Yeah. I mean that's good because I I'm an engineering and I was walking just to get the idea of how the job market looks like from the enduring. It's very tricky right now. They're like no one's hiring. Yeah. And since I I will be done by PhD in 2021, I'm hoping it gets better. Uh Otherwise, I mean there is no job opportunity in academia, that's for sure. Like no universities are having in the Wall Street strictly as well. Did you did you think about doing a masters or you're like
It's
very
attractive.
I
don't
I
don't even why they did not decrease the ocean feel like it's watching a video on course. Uh huh.
And they had like 50,000. Uh
Yeah, because I'm doing the teaching assistantship and and fall
and all the classes are online. Okay. Like all the students are at home and it's difficult for the instructor as well to teach because you don't see students because you can't hold them to turn on the video. Yeah, they could be anywhere. Uh
So you just said that, okay. Do you understand? And then you wait and then move on because you don't know. Yeah, it's very difficult to guards. And since he also asked them to be mute because otherwise everyone's fold, everyone
will
speak. So I really like few minutes. You have to check if there are any hand raise or any comment in question. Yeah.
Like even if you're listening, uh, you're more conscious than it's on. So you're like a good alternative, but I'll hear what you're saying. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know how long is it gonna be, but for the fall at least they change everything to online. Okay.
it's
like your name is there? And that is it your location? So I heard in in our school and they you see they said that you can do this or you can wait till the next year and then you can do it for real. But
and also it's not the same like your, let's say you have been working for eight months by them and like where you're going and I'm going like and okay. Yeah it's it's definitely not the same. Uh
Thank
you.
That makes sense. Yeah. It must be like so uh for for student who graduated this year, think
yeah. Especially with the job market as well like
earth
because the hiring freezed for a lot of companies in april or around that time and that's when people start getting job offers. So
he.
Yeah. And then uh now that you mentioned it because my advisor said the same thing is like okay so people are getting uh laid off, there will be more people for job next year, but if you don't work this year and you're like oh there was wires going on so we couldn't focus or we couldn't get the work done it. That's the reason for you to get out of the race so you need to work hard, you can be like oh there was a pandemic going on but I still got these things done. Uh huh.
Come
with
me.
Yeah. It's tricky. Yeah it's tricky because I had an internship in summer at first they told me okay it's gonna be virtual, it was in texas but they said it's gonna be virtual because of the virus. And I'm like, okay, for some time they were like, oh, we lost the funding, so it's gonna be like three, and then after like a week they're like, we remove the internship position altogether, there was too much, and then I'm like, okay, what can you do?
Yeah, and I look like I could work for free if you want because an internship that's how it works, I guess. But they're like, no, no, no, the position has been eliminated. There is no more intern. Like they're okay.
Yeah, but I guess the school was kind enough to give me the research position because they know that many of the students had the same. Sure. But
sorry.
So, I work mainly on fluid mechanics. Uh I'll build more competition than the experiment, so I try to assimilate uh let's the droplet droplet impacting on any of those kind of things and how the
sex
way.
So I do more fundamental physics. I don't go into uh application part of it, but that definitely has application because one of the projects where what I did was to see if there is a droplet and it bounces on the surface, then how can you tell if it's going to bounce back or it's going to stick or what what will happen. So that application, and let's say you're in a microgravity or zero gravity situation and you have this water particles flying around and you can have like a network like this and you just do this and you can tell whether those particles will get captured or they'll just keep bouncing around. That's
very like air space application. But that's like I do more fundamental. Another.
yeah, yeah. Another application can be in the painting things where you want the liquid to stick more on the wall. So the tent is uh, taking on the other end. If you have those clothes that doesn't get stuck to the grease or the oil, you just pour the greed and just reflect.
well, like
those are kind of applications, but I don't know that cool stuff. Uh, boring, uh, assimilation.
Yeah. Did you, did you have any project for your Finally or do you just two classes?
a lot of account thing or do you do more like to heretical economics.
Like
the real,
the real world stuff.
All
And
curiously,
I'm curious do you guys do like kids studies? Okay. This country did this on the trade. So you, you guys probably are able to understand those things because uh, yeah, because there are a lot of things, especially recent with the current president, a lot of things like, okay, the trade is trade that and uh, a lot of things are going on. And I'm always like, I don't get it, but yeah, For
you. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. That's why this effort.
Is
that?
I
didn't,
I did a class were they told us about the hawk and Dove game where whether you want to attack or be defended defensive and which one
or both?
And then there was another one where there were two criminals and they give 10 years to both five years to hear that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. So what uh, what kind of industry are you looking like more consulting uh kind of like government, uh Economics? Uh Zahn
And you you probably have that expertise in one up in your classes, right?
No.
Yeah, but that always happens, yeah, that always happens because I know like even now or even in my undergrad there are like only one or two classes which you show on the resume and you're like okay, these are these are the things I do, and the rest of them that are just like for the credit. Not
not that you don't learn there, but it's like on the job. Yeah, they don't
act.
Yeah. Do you do you get to use coding or any like those kind of things for your subject for now?
No.
So like
static.
like
enough
for you to do those things. Not very good and Gabby, because I know um Some of my friends, they graduated in one thing and then they like spent a year to learn coding or data analysis, those are those sorts of things, and they got into data science jobs and now they're there and then I'm like, what about the degree, like
are you not using any of that, and that's it.
Yeah, that's always like it
that
way.
No, I so I did my undergrad and then I joined for a PhD, but I finished my Master's requirement here, so I can like, claim my masters and then build the PSD or I can just take one.
No, no, anyway, you're you're absolutely right, it's like, okay, you have the expertise. Um But yeah, I think because this is how it works, so if you have just the undergrad Then let's say you have to do 20 units And for masters and then 30 units for a PhD. But if you have masters then you only need 10 for PST. So for that you can say that the twenties poor masters and then 10 for PSD or you can just
yeah, I was thinking so, I was thinking about like doing this this year and then next year for a PhD, but since everything became virtual, I didn't feel like it, I'm like what is it, like, it's just that okay, I have masters, so now I'm taking to do maybe this fall or next spring, both of them.
so I am more in advantage at this point because I do more assimilation and those kind of stuff, so if I have my computer, it's just me, so I have a workstation in school, like it remotely from home. So for me it's good, but I I feel very bad for like Chemistry people, Biology, people who do experience the,
yeah, labs are closed, they cannot get in for them, it's like like they are a semester behind. Uh Yeah, for me, I work from home, it's not as efficient as it should be, so maybe like three months behind. Not that much. Damn, it's very bad because they can't do anything.
so we've made, so since I'm an engineering, we have some of those kind of love where you take a screw and do this those kind of things. Uh we made some of those using mathematical or match that for those kind of software. Uh And again, I think you'll like me that it's not the same, but it's something so for student who has no idea, he will know, okay this is how it's done but that is not as good as watching a video, Maybe someone doing it. So there are two things we watch someone doing actual thing. Are you doing this virtual thing very like to lift up a bit. Yeah, it's not the same. But I guess uh at this point whatever it is. Yeah. So we we met some of those labs uh they're doing that.
Thank
you. Yeah,
like that. So yeah, I think you you send up perfectly. That's how it is. Yes. And where you are even a drug similar to you know that here in the simulator.
Yeah. That that makes so much sense actually what's what we're doing. So I was asking about masters because I am curious like uh since the job market is tricky. Don't you have like are like there are schools which they fund Monsters. Like you get a scholarship and then you get paid basically to do masters, right?
I I have a friend. I mean he was student now his friend. So he was in last year and then he looked for a job for a month. He realized he won't find it. So he talked to one of the professor and then he got he got admitted for masters. And since he was already here, he just like switched like he was doing research as under grab. And he just gone now he's getting paid from the school. And he's like okay, he's like okay. I have told him that I'm gonna do my masters, but as soon as I will find the job, I'll leave. I'm like you're tricking the system but okay, but
it won't work for you. Uh
No,
no.
There is no commitment from students side, but there is coming from the school side. They have to offer the funding.