SPEAKER_L: Yes back here. Oh, thank you. Yeah, please. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Bye. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Okay. I'm Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi there.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good, thank you. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. Hi, I'm scott. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Hi scott. My name is misty.
SPEAKER_L: How you doing? My cat's name? Dynasty.
SPEAKER_R: There's usually an animal somewhere named that. Hey, so have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: Yep, this is my 4th time,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, good. We're both veterans then.
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: We'll get it going here. I'm gonna start my top. I always start the stopwatch just to make sure that we get our full 25 minutes. So are you? I'm pacific coast time. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually East Coast.
SPEAKER_R: East Coast. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: New Jersey. Yeah, I'm out in Washington State.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice. Probably
SPEAKER_R: There we go.
SPEAKER_L: been pretty cold now out there right now.
SPEAKER_R: Um Actually it's a really nice day today, so I don't know how warm it got today, but it's not cold yet. We just have had our rainy time a little bit, but it's okay because we went through kind of a scary fire season and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I saw it on the news. It's real bad.
SPEAKER_R: It was it was horrible and my sister almost lost her house even. Um and it was like a little tiny fire and the Department of Natural Resources, firefighters were amazing. And they were up in the mountains and they were able to get to where the fire was over here in Western Washington about an hour. And they saved all but one house.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's very
SPEAKER_R: So everything was pretty scorched, pretty scary. My 11 year old niece was at home by herself and the firefighters. They were coming through the loudspeaker you know warning them. It was a level three evacuation. Get out, get out and you know my sister got a call from my niece just hysterical what should I do, what should he do? And then she hears a firefighter say get in my truck. So she did and he took her and handed her off to the police and then they connected her with her dad and yeah it was it was nuts and we all breathed a lot of smoke but then for a couple of weeks but then I know we were nowhere near as bad as California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, California is still bad.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah. And so I just, I feel for every time I see a fire now it hits a little bit closer to home. Yeah. So we're usually pretty lucky we don't live. Do you go do you guys get hurricanes up there?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Sometimes it's
SPEAKER_R: Sometimes? Pretty
SPEAKER_L: they were not
SPEAKER_R: rare.
SPEAKER_L: nothing like the gulf and the gulf of next terrible,
SPEAKER_R: So we're just kind of like, you know, wild fires and volcanoes once in a while. But that's it.
SPEAKER_L: well an earthquake is probably a little
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, earthquakes, Yeah, we're waiting for that big one. But yeah, I just, I've never lived anywhere where the hurricanes or tornadoes are. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've been in New Jersey my whole life, so pretty much for me it's pretty much winter storms. That's that's like you get some pretty harsh with some enough
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I think like Washington state that's for sure. But uh but
SPEAKER_R: I bet you're storms are worse.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know about that. We get uh because it don't it doesn't really get as cold I think as it does Washington that's for because I say the coldest we get here on my I'd say like hold this will get here is like maybe like negative 10 wearing a game and cold, not.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's way colder than we get.
SPEAKER_L: But generally we're on like 10 10°..
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh see we all get really cranky if it drops into the 20s.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we we we usually around the 20s to but sometimes it's rough but that's about it the other night. It's like sometimes we got a hurricane here and there. But
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: that's about it.
SPEAKER_R: you get snow every winter, right?
SPEAKER_L: Most winters. I mean we we get at least a couple inches almost every winter I'd say a couple of sometimes rare we've got like nothing like a dusting or whatever but they get a couple inches every every year. I'd say that's that's product from New Jersey gonna get earthquakes so you don't get hurricane.
SPEAKER_R: You're like we're okay natural disasters, you're pretty safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty good. Safe. I mean outside of you know Sandy of course that was all rough obviously but you know but but not not too bad really were pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: that's good, that's good. So how has the year been treating you, are you working and you're off work?
SPEAKER_L: I haven't been working just because like I said I just I just worry about the pandemic. That's the biggest thing. I don't like I said I just worry about that for most part. I mean people get some security and some you know, I guess you can say like, you know, some clue of what we're doing and not only with uh, you know, the community, but with the country and itself. Then, you know, then, you know where you stand because you know, if you can start a career and then a month later you're laid off. So it's like, what's the point? You know what I mean? So you just don't know where, you know, you don't you don't know where to go,
SPEAKER_R: it's been hard, I've been lucky to continue working because I do a couple of different things but I've
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: been able to but it puts me in contact with people all the time,
SPEAKER_L: Of course, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah, it's just like I get I do merchandising at a grocery store two days a week and I, you know it's fine. Most of the people around here are all masked when they're shopping, but the prior to opening the workers aren't being as serious about it, so I get really frustrated with that.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm the same way too. Because by us, like I said, we order out, let's say once a week almost, I say about 80% of the people when you walk into the store employees and about cooking your food and your food don't mess.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that would just be
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: livid.
SPEAKER_L: I see that I'm like, you can't do that when you're messing with people's food. I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: can't you can't do that. But that I'm just looking, I'm like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I would say today, so I was in two different grocery stores today and I would say shoppers what wise 95 plus percent of people were wearing masks so
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: feels good and comfortable and I know it's not that way in all parts of the country but I bet you guys are pretty good about it.
SPEAKER_L: we're absolutely because New Jersey was hit
SPEAKER_R: You got hit
SPEAKER_L: more than a century,
SPEAKER_R: so hard. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we got hit initially real hard, not as bad as in europe, but we got hit pretty hard initially going places that people don't, aren't really cautious. And I guess you can say like, uh you know, careful is when you go on the board box that people are just not that
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: cautious because
SPEAKER_R: they're outside.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, they don't feel that, but I I still wear a mask outside. Absolutely, because like, I don't know that much about this virus, so absolutely be safe and look like a fool then then, you know, be a floor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no I'm on the same boat with you because I would just rather I you know I have a teenage son and I would just rather do everything I possibly can to make sure I'm safe so that he doesn't get anything but then nothing happens to me that would cause problems for him, you know I'm just
SPEAKER_L: Of course. Absolutely. Because I mean, like I said, that's why I like the winter. I mean, you just never know because I mean right now I'm wearing masks but I've even bought a gator to put over the mask for the because if it gets really bad and you're gonna want that extra protection because not only will cover your your other mass but a couple of your cheeks and everything else. So you get less circularly around because if you got the aerosols in the air, I mean it's gonna go all right, all over the place and people are coughing and sneezing because they're sick or have the regular flu. I mean, it's gonna be nuts. Huh? But
SPEAKER_R: Did you get your flu shot yet? Are you going to?
SPEAKER_L: flu shot. No,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, you're not your thing.
SPEAKER_L: No, like the COVID-19 vaccine to I don't know because the way the Russian and out. I just the way they're rushing it out. I just don't know. I mean, I've
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: worked with side effects.
SPEAKER_R: yeah well I'm a nanny so I nanny for a toddler and I got my flu shot to make sure that you know I don't want to pass. She's been protected at home for seven months now, rarely rarely ever leaves. So I just need to make sure that I do everything also to make sure I don't bring anything in to
SPEAKER_L: Work.
SPEAKER_R: her house,
SPEAKER_L: Of course. So that's that's much much, much safer than the, you know, the COVID-19 vaccine. Just because it's been around for years upon years. It's been perfected. But COVID-19 stuff. You just don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I'm I believe in vaccinations definitely I'm not sold yet. I they're rushing the vaccines way too fast for me and I really need to see some study, more studies done, make sure that everything is super safe. But if it turns out that yes 12 shots, whatever that gives you some immunity at least then I'll go for it.
SPEAKER_L: Just listen to donald trump. He knows exactly he's talking about
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: right. All right. I know. Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: so how else has this impacted your life this year?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I missed going to the theaters. That's for sure. I was pretty much once a week movie theater person. But and that's his since March. So that's rough.
SPEAKER_R: yep. March last time I went to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I've been I've been honestly last month I've got uh three times this past month because we have,
SPEAKER_R: they're they're opened up.
SPEAKER_L: we have to open up were, you know, we stay very far away and we get our own sections and stuff like that. But it's still not the same because like I said, you know, you got the big
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: hope.
SPEAKER_L: on your face and it's just, it's not as comfortable, but it's definitely not the same. But you know like I said but we're going regularly once a week and every
SPEAKER_R: So what movies did you see this month?
SPEAKER_L: what he called we saw the tenant thing that was strange attended
SPEAKER_R: Ivan.
SPEAKER_L: that. That was that was someone with the like the I guess like an alternate like we're old type thing that that thanks very strange film. It's a crystalline film. So that says it all. He does really strange films. So that one we saw Broken Hearts Gallery from the commercial looks a little like a fruit and abduction stuff. Was actually a very good story. It's pretty movie that was actually pretty good. Broken hearts calorie. And then the other one we saw was new mutants. Which you know it looked very terrifying from the commercials but it really wasn't terrifying. So that's what we saw.
SPEAKER_R: So that must be how disconnected I am right now because none of those titles were recognizable
SPEAKER_L: Anthony
SPEAKER_R: to me.
SPEAKER_L: well to be honest the only one that's supposed to make money was tenant. That was supposed to be 100 plus million dollar movie. But the other ones are supposed to be like 15 50 million or less or whatever movies. So you probably wouldn't know like if we had a norm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not that out of the loop then.
SPEAKER_L: no no no no not a tenant. There's only one maybe. Wouldn't know but maybe not. That's the only one because you know all the other stuff just keeps getting
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: pushed back, keeps getting pushed back. Like Ron was supposed to come out and never came out in Milan. But you know the new James Bond movie is supposed to come out in november and I've got pushed back all these things keep getting pushed back and pushed back. It's just you know and then the regal all the regal's closed now so they're all closed and they get A. M. C. That they're messing with all their hours
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so you don't know what's going on? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Right. So what are, what capacity do they have? Like is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: like 25 or 50%?
SPEAKER_L: think it's 30% but it might be It's 30 or 40% of that range. I would say that when you shoot for 50 but I don't think 50 safe to be honest.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah my sister was talking about, she said something was open and wanted to go and I'm just like I'm okay I'll wait till next year.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I understand you better be safe than sorry. Like I think it's as long as you go there and you don't get food because then you know about your mask and the other people don't get food and they keep their masks and I think it's not that bad as long as you're in the distance I think. And then oil thing you have to worry about is the Steelers where they are leveled where you know you have one level and then they're like steps we have another level high because in the air
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: assaults from the top and go down to the bomb that we have to worry about. But everything's level straight level. You're probably pretty safe.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't even think about that so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because like I said, because we went to the one here and I was like, oh yeah, I forgot this is level. We went to the bottom level. I was like, yeah, this probably wasn't a good idea, but with
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: one other person in the thing, so it was fine.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_L: But first we're gonna top, then it's not good. But hey, uh
SPEAKER_R: So you haven't been in movies? What else has been? Were you supposed to do anything fun, any vacations or anything this year that got canceled or?
SPEAKER_L: not too much. We're pretty much around the, you know, just go around like, you know, county to county type stuff. Our to our trip. That places. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: out a little bit. Yeah, I think I had plans but I hadn't they hadn't really kind of even formed at the beginning of the year and everything started happening and I thought I don't think I'm going to be able to travel so I didn't plan anything
SPEAKER_L: Both
SPEAKER_R: I really wanted to but. Oh
SPEAKER_L: your, you're lucky because your your state so big. You can go from coast to coast. That that's a long drive. Mhm. That's a long
SPEAKER_R: it is. Yeah. I haven't done anything. I haven't been anywhere. All I've done is work for the last seven months. So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: There's just, it's small. I mean you could do the entire statement in 10 hours from from bottom to top with these in 10 hours or less with these so it's small.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have places that you like to go though? Like regular places around there?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we go over there. I live about 20 minutes from the shore. So I go to the walk just for just take a walk and you know, parks occasionally stuff like that stuff, you know, simple stuff because not too many like extravagant, you know, uh there's there's stuff not going to like, you know, Tahiti or nothing like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: no tropical vacations for us this year?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't think air travels have the question right now.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I have no need to get on a plane. I'm not planning on it anytime soon. They're convincing me a little bit more in terms of talking about how safe safe much safer is now just in terms of the air exchange and the filtration and everything that they're doing. And so that sounds better. I mean I read all this the studies about like the one flight there was that flight from London to Vietnam and the positive person on that plane infected so many people. You know they could diagram it all out and figure out where everybody had been and one person that wasn't even sitting next to her got it but because they had both been in the bathroom type of thing and yeah so I you know but that was at the beginning so now I feel it would be a little different but if I don't need to travel I don't have to travel for work. My family's all in Washington state. Then I just I canceled some business trips. I just I'm staying home.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. Well there's all the um the other alternatives is you know what you call, if you train yourself for next month. We call with breathing exercises maybe maybe. But in the month you might be able to hold your breath for the full two hour trip and you have to worry about breathing in there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah sure that'd be fine
SPEAKER_L: Our trip on the airplane just hold it, just hold it in because
SPEAKER_R: little bit. I know there are a lot of people that have to travel for work and they've been doing it successfully but it just sounds like such a chore because they have to be so careful and you know just
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: cleaning and sanitizing constantly as they go step by step and
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean like I give so much credit to the people that are nurses right now, especially when the ones that families and stuff like that and like, you know, like especially if we're seeing old people, whatever. I mean, I mean I understand it's your job and that's that's what they want to do, but it's just the fact that you know, you're putting, so not only yourself, other people in danger and you still go in there and you're still, you know, willing to do that to me are the bravest people outside of course the firemen and like, you know, California and stuff like that. They're obviously very brief.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's amazing. It's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So brave. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And you know and I feel for them, a lot of them too because especially if they're in states that I just saw today, I thought it was like 25 states have a 50% increase infections and I'm just like oh
SPEAKER_L: Wisconsin is getting crushed right now with
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: scott.
SPEAKER_R: is it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah they can really hit harder because you know if you think about it there's probably right now probably the cold estate in the in the U. S. Right now. That's that's probably why I get hit the hardest on this one. There's green bay and stuff, it's freezing there all. It's always so called close to candidates so that's probably
SPEAKER_R: Set
SPEAKER_L: what's happening.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it was kind of a a weird thing. Good thing that like you said you guys got hit in the beginning we have the the nursing home that was really popular. Well not popular. Well that's the word wrong word um became famous for its kind of starting up in Kirkland and you know they whether or not that was the first case or not but it was the first one where just like a whole bunch of people died. Right? So I think being really super aware of it from the very beginning has been helpful. I mean it hasn't I mean our state is still has its problems. I'm fortunate to live in a county that's not impacted. I'm outside of the counties that are around Seattle, I'm a little south of that and outside of it so I'm a little bit more not rural at all but you know just not big big city.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Suburban. Right. Right. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it just but it still feels like okay. We we knew we knew right in the beginning that this could jump in somewhere and just white people out very quickly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It took us about a month before that because when we saw what you call it um initially it was like two cases up in like the top near near new york city, the first county right right off the border near new york city. And then after I just started spreading and spreading and panic like crazy
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: and the toilet paper, everything else and all the shells. Absolutely nuts. But it just took a while, but only one county, like I said, it took a really long time to catch up because of one county in the southwest part, right? Like that. It was like I think it was like two or three months in there was like like I don't like 80 cases total was like ridiculously low because in the boondocks it's like you know, just you know, extreme uh you know, you know uh wooded area? It's just she's already unpopulated. But that was it everywhere else is like it was just exploded. It was like whoa.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It went really fast.
SPEAKER_L: And I hope.
SPEAKER_R: I think in my county now we've passed 1000 infections, but I don't think we've passed 2025 deaths in my county.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's yes. Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, but I look around to people and I'm just like okay, but you have to do your part to make
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: that we're still all being safe and I see them not doing it and they think they are,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, of course.
SPEAKER_R: you know, oh I wear my mask. Yes. When customers are in the store, but when you and a coworker both have your mass stuff and you're talking you know, face to face. You know, I haven't seen my parents, my parents live about, oh gosh, three hours away and I haven't seen them since the beginning of the year
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's totally understandable.
SPEAKER_R: And I mean I want to but there are 78
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I totally understand that.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm just like, I'll call you but I don't want to come up and you know, and the other part of it is there 78 and I'm not sure that they're being super. I know they're staying home, that's all they ever do, but how, you know, I've sent them masks, I've mailed them gloves, I mailed them sanitizer, but making sure that they follow through on that when they're out is I can't control that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's that's 100% on them. Unless of course there, you know, I guess like you know, unless they're like I said, you know, you know like uh I don't know if not aware or just like you know, not with it. I guess you could say because I know some people have seen like especially elderly just don't have a clue what's going on. They just they just don't this
SPEAKER_R: they know, and plus they have, my sister and myself were both like in their ears all the time, just making sure, okay, I have a brother that kind of thinks that it's all kind of hokey and not real like, oh my God, was like, don't listen to him. He doesn't know what he's talking about. You know, remember who he is and that he's not a scientist or a doctor. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: let me guess. You listen to Q. And on to right
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: don't know if he does. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think he does, but he definitely supports trump and you know, he he wants to go down that whole route and just like, okay, I don't want to see you then. Yeah, I just have no, I I see his pictures on facebook with him and his friends out at the bar and you know, everybody got together and went out to the lake for the weekend and like, all right.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I know. Well like I said, biden the biggest thing is he's the biggest thing he's got going for him. He keeps enough close trump will keep his mouth close, he'll be in better shape, but he's a total fool. Guy gets covid 19 And he comes out of the thing, I'm fine. It's just a little flu. Like Okay, you just lost about 2-2 points right there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You have the best medical care in the world, You have access to drugs that nobody else has access to.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. It's like you just pull it went down two points. Just that comments like
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: you have,
SPEAKER_R: how do you guys vote? Do what you're voting process in New Jersey?
SPEAKER_L: I honestly don't know. I'm not a registered voter.
SPEAKER_R: You're not registered voter? How come?
SPEAKER_L: I don't believe in most most of the president's. I mean the last, honestly, in my personal opinion, the last good President clinton, which ain't saying and that's just my personal opinion.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know everybody's got opinion. What
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: about like just the local elections and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: want to.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know enough about the people. So that's why I'm just stay out of it. I mean like I said, don't I could say our current governor, he's doing a very good job. Like like I said, if I if I was ready to go I would probably think I was wondering he does do a very good job during the pandemic. I gotta admit that, but
SPEAKER_R: You still
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: have time to register, you could still register,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: know when you vote, you don't have to vote for everything. I don't know about you. But my ballot was front and back and I had to decide on a lot of different things. And for me it was pretty easy because I'm pretty much straight ticket on and most things. But we have a lot of we have a weird thing in our state where if the legislature passes something, then the people still get to have an opinion on it. So basically they passed a tax and then they put it on our ballots and say, you know, do the people support it or reject it, even though they've already passed a type of thing, but that and lots of, you know, this, I will say the last few years I've been really super involved in the elections, researching people trying to figure out who to support and you know, I just believe starting at the local level in getting as many people as we can elect it in in those positions that, you know, that I support because then it continues to grow and build and we can have change happened a little bit faster I think, instead of just kind of picking the top person and just saying, okay, this top person is supposed to fix everything. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Although I understand that it's just my feeling is like said in general with politics and elected leaders, you give every single one of them uh every single candidate a live check test, I would say about 99.9%, I'm gonna fail. So I was like, how can you vote for people who already been honest? I mean, it's hard to do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think you have to accept the fact that there's always going to have to be, you know, there's there's they lie, there has to be compromised that you're not going to be happy with. But in the end, you know, I just see, especially in Washington State how local elections have impacted my life personally, just when it comes to taxes and things like that. And so it makes a difference. It makes a difference for me. But
SPEAKER_L: No. Further on the local, on the local chain. I definitely believe that. But on the national change, I don't think our votes really mean anything to be. I really don't
SPEAKER_R: well, my state, my state always swings what, you know the democratic way anyway. So if I didn't vote for that, then yes, my vote, it wouldn't even really matter because I know what my state is going to do, but I can go all the way down and make sure I am supporting the person that gets elected to the Water commissioner board and this, you know, um the school board and and all
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: of those different
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: positions.
SPEAKER_L: stuff absolutely your your vote counts, but once you get to the Senate, I know, and then governor, it really doesn't. It
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: means last and last night you're president, you're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: was happy to vote for my governor though, because I feel that he has done a good job. He actually was one of he was running for president um jay inslee, but I was he's done a good job for our state in particular. They've been really careful and I there's nothing that I disagreed with him really on how he's handled the whole thing. So the other guy, Oh my gosh, there's no way I'd ever want that other guy handling what we're, what we're going through right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I know, I can understand that.
SPEAKER_R: so I can't get you to register to vote. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Most likely not.
SPEAKER_R: That was like
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's like I said because I just I don't know because even like I said with the pregnancy, I'm honestly torn. You look at me like so like, are you kidding me? Because the way I look at is this if you had to pick for a president for one year, no question, I would take biden. But the way I see it is once you get through all this stuff and going on, once we get back to normal, I truly believe that trump would actually try to fix the country a little more than biden would once you get past all the stuff that's going on like when everything is normal because you just look at Obama did I mean Obama is a really good guy. He's a really good role model, but he just didn't do much as president. That's that's the reason why like I said at least trump tried you know I mean I think as a person forget about it, I wouldn't want to be associated the guy but I just the way I see it at least he tried to do something for the country.
SPEAKER_R: do you think he really tried though? Or do you think he
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: just always, in my, in my opinion, he was always just doing what was best for him?
SPEAKER_L: Well for some things I agree like like I said because really what keeps always here though, the stock market keeps going up. The soccer keeps going up. It's like gee I wonder if you have a little play in the stock market there. But like I said the wall and stuff like that. I really think he is trying to keep you know like I said the what he called the legals out and stuff like that because you know a lot of if they're undocumented you know a lot of these people you just don't know, you know who's coming over so it is kind of protecting the country in that sense. And and like I said he's creating more jobs like because this Obama like I said the economy went nowhere until like I said 2015 2016 and took like 78 years for him to like really get the stuff going. An economy was you know like uh it got booming once he became president and then outside of that, I mean he's tried certain things. I mean something is out of control with some stuff. Like I said it's part of his personality but it's just because because biden like I said he's like I said, I think for this next year I think he would do a fabulous job. But then after that if everything is normal, I think about them what that's what I worry about with him. If I knew for a fact he would do a good job, I wouldn't have a problem with him being president. But like I said I just worry about him because he learned from a guy did pretty much nothing for eight years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I guess my confidence in him is coming from the fact that I know he's bringing a lot of people on board. I mean people people that I would have voted for in a heartbeat if they had been the candidate and you know that those are the people that I'm looking at that he's including in his his campaign now and that I hope he can include and put into into positions in the future. So that makes me feel comfortable in terms
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: voting
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: for him.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah no I understand that because like I said the only good thing is like any way you look at it you know if trump wins four more years and that's it, he's gone forever, you can't grant run again. So biden like I said you know like I said I don't think we'll run a second time. So I think it's you know you're pretty much going to hand it over to come out Harris or whoever is next in line. But it's just like that well the same thing, you just worry about him like he said he might just take the job and resign after like six months is about here. You can have
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: another
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: way.
SPEAKER_R: so?
SPEAKER_L: He might He might. You never know. You might have just taken a job to see trump out. He might have you don't you don't know. He might have because you see these guys 77 years old. You know I mean you might just walk in there and back. All right. I got everything set up six months. All right. Come on house. Good yeah good luck. Good night. Goodbye. You never know.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's an interesting perspective. I haven't heard that idea before.
SPEAKER_L: it's possible. You just never know. You know I mean that's what I mean. You just don't know. I mean trump said he's a joke but I said at least he tried. That's all that's the only
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: that's the only thing I can credit for. At least the tribe
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I don't give him credit for anything so we'll
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: just have
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: to agree that disagree there.
SPEAKER_L: that's the one and only thing I I give you credit for.
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Well, guess what? We've passed our 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's totally up to you. I mean you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: right. Sounds good. Yeah, I started working for this morning so I'm
SPEAKER_L: one day.
SPEAKER_R: a little tired and I have homework to help with dinner,
SPEAKER_L: Don't blame.
SPEAKER_R: everything so I gotta run. But hey, good to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: yep. To talk to you too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay bye bye.