Yes back here. Oh, thank you. Yeah, please. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Bye. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Okay. I'm Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Not too bad. Hi, I'm scott. How you doing?
How you doing? My cat's name? Dynasty.
Yep, this is my 4th time,
See
I'm actually East Coast.
Uh huh.
that's nice. Probably
been pretty cold now out there right now.
Oh yeah, I saw it on the news. It's real bad.
That's good. That's very
Oh yeah, California is still bad.
Uh Sometimes it's
they were not
nothing like the gulf and the gulf of next terrible,
well an earthquake is probably a little
Um I've been in New Jersey my whole life, so pretty much for me it's pretty much winter storms. That's that's like you get some pretty harsh with some enough
I think like Washington state that's for sure. But uh but
I don't know about that. We get uh because it don't it doesn't really get as cold I think as it does Washington that's for because I say the coldest we get here on my I'd say like hold this will get here is like maybe like negative 10 wearing a game and cold, not.
But generally we're on like 10 10°..
Yeah, we we we usually around the 20s to but sometimes it's rough but that's about it the other night. It's like sometimes we got a hurricane here and there. But
that's about it.
Most winters. I mean we we get at least a couple inches almost every winter I'd say a couple of sometimes rare we've got like nothing like a dusting or whatever but they get a couple inches every every year. I'd say that's that's product from New Jersey gonna get earthquakes so you don't get hurricane.
Yeah, pretty good. Safe. I mean outside of you know Sandy of course that was all rough obviously but you know but but not not too bad really were pretty good.
I haven't been working just because like I said I just I just worry about the pandemic. That's the biggest thing. I don't like I said I just worry about that for most part. I mean people get some security and some you know, I guess you can say like, you know, some clue of what we're doing and not only with uh, you know, the community, but with the country and itself. Then, you know, then, you know where you stand because you know, if you can start a career and then a month later you're laid off. So it's like, what's the point? You know what I mean? So you just don't know where, you know, you don't you don't know where to go,
correct.
Of course, yeah.
Well, I'm the same way too. Because by us, like I said, we order out, let's say once a week almost, I say about 80% of the people when you walk into the store employees and about cooking your food and your food don't mess.
Now
I see that I'm like, you can't do that when you're messing with people's food. I'm sorry,
you
can't you can't do that. But that I'm just looking, I'm like yeah,
same
as
we're absolutely because New Jersey was hit
more than a century,
we got hit initially real hard, not as bad as in europe, but we got hit pretty hard initially going places that people don't, aren't really cautious. And I guess you can say like, uh you know, careful is when you go on the board box that people are just not that
cautious because
Exactly, they don't feel that, but I I still wear a mask outside. Absolutely, because like, I don't know that much about this virus, so absolutely be safe and look like a fool then then, you know, be a floor. Yeah.
Of course. Absolutely. Because I mean, like I said, that's why I like the winter. I mean, you just never know because I mean right now I'm wearing masks but I've even bought a gator to put over the mask for the because if it gets really bad and you're gonna want that extra protection because not only will cover your your other mass but a couple of your cheeks and everything else. So you get less circularly around because if you got the aerosols in the air, I mean it's gonna go all right, all over the place and people are coughing and sneezing because they're sick or have the regular flu. I mean, it's gonna be nuts. Huh? But
flu shot. No,
No, like the COVID-19 vaccine to I don't know because the way the Russian and out. I just the way they're rushing it out. I just don't know. I mean, I've
worked with side effects.
Work.
Of course. So that's that's much much, much safer than the, you know, the COVID-19 vaccine. Just because it's been around for years upon years. It's been perfected. But COVID-19 stuff. You just don't know.
Just listen to donald trump. He knows exactly he's talking about
right. All right. I know. Exactly.
Well, I missed going to the theaters. That's for sure. I was pretty much once a week movie theater person. But and that's his since March. So that's rough.
Oh no, I've been I've been honestly last month I've got uh three times this past month because we have,
we have to open up were, you know, we stay very far away and we get our own sections and stuff like that. But it's still not the same because like I said, you know, you got the big
thing
on your face and it's just, it's not as comfortable, but it's definitely not the same. But you know like I said but we're going regularly once a week and every
what he called we saw the tenant thing that was strange attended
that. That was that was someone with the like the I guess like an alternate like we're old type thing that that thanks very strange film. It's a crystalline film. So that says it all. He does really strange films. So that one we saw Broken Hearts Gallery from the commercial looks a little like a fruit and abduction stuff. Was actually a very good story. It's pretty movie that was actually pretty good. Broken hearts calorie. And then the other one we saw was new mutants. Which you know it looked very terrifying from the commercials but it really wasn't terrifying. So that's what we saw.
Anthony
well to be honest the only one that's supposed to make money was tenant. That was supposed to be 100 plus million dollar movie. But the other ones are supposed to be like 15 50 million or less or whatever movies. So you probably wouldn't know like if we had a norm.
no no no no not a tenant. There's only one maybe. Wouldn't know but maybe not. That's the only one because you know all the other stuff just keeps getting
pushed back, keeps getting pushed back. Like Ron was supposed to come out and never came out in Milan. But you know the new James Bond movie is supposed to come out in november and I've got pushed back all these things keep getting pushed back and pushed back. It's just you know and then the regal all the regal's closed now so they're all closed and they get A. M. C. That they're messing with all their hours
so you don't know what's going on? Uh huh.
I
think
think it's 30% but it might be It's 30 or 40% of that range. I would say that when you shoot for 50 but I don't think 50 safe to be honest.
Oh yeah I understand you better be safe than sorry. Like I think it's as long as you go there and you don't get food because then you know about your mask and the other people don't get food and they keep their masks and I think it's not that bad as long as you're in the distance I think. And then oil thing you have to worry about is the Steelers where they are leveled where you know you have one level and then they're like steps we have another level high because in the air
assaults from the top and go down to the bomb that we have to worry about. But everything's level straight level. You're probably pretty safe.
Yeah. Because like I said, because we went to the one here and I was like, oh yeah, I forgot this is level. We went to the bottom level. I was like, yeah, this probably wasn't a good idea, but with
one other person in the thing, so it was fine.
But first we're gonna top, then it's not good. But hey, uh
not too much. We're pretty much around the, you know, just go around like, you know, county to county type stuff. Our to our trip. That places. Yeah.
Both
your, you're lucky because your your state so big. You can go from coast to coast. That that's a long drive. Mhm. That's a long
There's just, it's small. I mean you could do the entire statement in 10 hours from from bottom to top with these in 10 hours or less with these so it's small.
Oh yeah, we go over there. I live about 20 minutes from the shore. So I go to the walk just for just take a walk and you know, parks occasionally stuff like that stuff, you know, simple stuff because not too many like extravagant, you know, uh there's there's stuff not going to like, you know, Tahiti or nothing like that. Mhm.
Yeah. I don't think air travels have the question right now.
Gotcha. Well there's all the um the other alternatives is you know what you call, if you train yourself for next month. We call with breathing exercises maybe maybe. But in the month you might be able to hold your breath for the full two hour trip and you have to worry about breathing in there.
Our trip on the airplane just hold it, just hold it in because
of course.
Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean like I give so much credit to the people that are nurses right now, especially when the ones that families and stuff like that and like, you know, like especially if we're seeing old people, whatever. I mean, I mean I understand it's your job and that's that's what they want to do, but it's just the fact that you know, you're putting, so not only yourself, other people in danger and you still go in there and you're still, you know, willing to do that to me are the bravest people outside of course the firemen and like, you know, California and stuff like that. They're obviously very brief.
So brave. Uh huh.
Wisconsin is getting crushed right now with
scott.
Oh yeah they can really hit harder because you know if you think about it there's probably right now probably the cold estate in the in the U. S. Right now. That's that's probably why I get hit the hardest on this one. There's green bay and stuff, it's freezing there all. It's always so called close to candidates so that's probably
what's happening.
Yes. Suburban. Right. Right. Right.
Yeah. It took us about a month before that because when we saw what you call it um initially it was like two cases up in like the top near near new york city, the first county right right off the border near new york city. And then after I just started spreading and spreading and panic like crazy
and the toilet paper, everything else and all the shells. Absolutely nuts. But it just took a while, but only one county, like I said, it took a really long time to catch up because of one county in the southwest part, right? Like that. It was like I think it was like two or three months in there was like like I don't like 80 cases total was like ridiculously low because in the boondocks it's like you know, just you know, extreme uh you know, you know uh wooded area? It's just she's already unpopulated. But that was it everywhere else is like it was just exploded. It was like whoa.
And I hope.
Yeah, that's that's yes. Whoa.
All right.
Oh yeah, of course.
Oh yeah, that's totally understandable.
Oh yeah, I totally understand that.
Oh yeah, that's that's 100% on them. Unless of course there, you know, I guess like you know, unless they're like I said, you know, you know like uh I don't know if not aware or just like you know, not with it. I guess you could say because I know some people have seen like especially elderly just don't have a clue what's going on. They just they just don't this
let me guess. You listen to Q. And on to right
now.
Right.
Oh no, I know. Well like I said, biden the biggest thing is he's the biggest thing he's got going for him. He keeps enough close trump will keep his mouth close, he'll be in better shape, but he's a total fool. Guy gets covid 19 And he comes out of the thing, I'm fine. It's just a little flu. Like Okay, you just lost about 2-2 points right there.
Exactly. It's like you just pull it went down two points. Just that comments like
you have,
I honestly don't know. I'm not a registered voter.
I don't believe in most most of the president's. I mean the last, honestly, in my personal opinion, the last good President clinton, which ain't saying and that's just my personal opinion.
I mean,
I
don't
know,
I don't know enough about the people. So that's why I'm just stay out of it. I mean like I said, don't I could say our current governor, he's doing a very good job. Like like I said, if I if I was ready to go I would probably think I was wondering he does do a very good job during the pandemic. I gotta admit that, but
that,
but
I think,
Although I understand that it's just my feeling is like said in general with politics and elected leaders, you give every single one of them uh every single candidate a live check test, I would say about 99.9%, I'm gonna fail. So I was like, how can you vote for people who already been honest? I mean, it's hard to do that. Yeah.
No. Further on the local, on the local chain. I definitely believe that. But on the national change, I don't think our votes really mean anything to be. I really don't
That
that
stuff absolutely your your vote counts, but once you get to the Senate, I know, and then governor, it really doesn't. It
means last and last night you're president, you're
absolutely
I know, I can understand that.
Most likely not.
Mhm. It's like I said because I just I don't know because even like I said with the pregnancy, I'm honestly torn. You look at me like so like, are you kidding me? Because the way I look at is this if you had to pick for a president for one year, no question, I would take biden. But the way I see it is once you get through all this stuff and going on, once we get back to normal, I truly believe that trump would actually try to fix the country a little more than biden would once you get past all the stuff that's going on like when everything is normal because you just look at Obama did I mean Obama is a really good guy. He's a really good role model, but he just didn't do much as president. That's that's the reason why like I said at least trump tried you know I mean I think as a person forget about it, I wouldn't want to be associated the guy but I just the way I see it at least he tried to do something for the country.
What?
Well for some things I agree like like I said because really what keeps always here though, the stock market keeps going up. The soccer keeps going up. It's like gee I wonder if you have a little play in the stock market there. But like I said the wall and stuff like that. I really think he is trying to keep you know like I said the what he called the legals out and stuff like that because you know a lot of if they're undocumented you know a lot of these people you just don't know, you know who's coming over so it is kind of protecting the country in that sense. And and like I said he's creating more jobs like because this Obama like I said the economy went nowhere until like I said 2015 2016 and took like 78 years for him to like really get the stuff going. An economy was you know like uh it got booming once he became president and then outside of that, I mean he's tried certain things. I mean something is out of control with some stuff. Like I said it's part of his personality but it's just because because biden like I said he's like I said, I think for this next year I think he would do a fabulous job. But then after that if everything is normal, I think about them what that's what I worry about with him. If I knew for a fact he would do a good job, I wouldn't have a problem with him being president. But like I said I just worry about him because he learned from a guy did pretty much nothing for eight years. Yeah.
no
I
know.
Oh yeah no I understand that because like I said the only good thing is like any way you look at it you know if trump wins four more years and that's it, he's gone forever, you can't grant run again. So biden like I said you know like I said I don't think we'll run a second time. So I think it's you know you're pretty much going to hand it over to come out Harris or whoever is next in line. But it's just like that well the same thing, you just worry about him like he said he might just take the job and resign after like six months is about here. You can have
another
way.
He might He might. You never know. You might have just taken a job to see trump out. He might have you don't you don't know. He might have because you see these guys 77 years old. You know I mean you might just walk in there and back. All right. I got everything set up six months. All right. Come on house. Good yeah good luck. Good night. Goodbye. You never know.
it's possible. You just never know. You know I mean that's what I mean. You just don't know. I mean trump said he's a joke but I said at least he tried. That's all that's the only
that's the only thing I can credit for. At least the tribe
all
the
that's the one and only thing I I give you credit for.
Okay. It's totally up to you. I mean you
want
one day.
Don't blame.
yep. To talk to you too.