Hi there.
Good, thank you. How about yourself?
Hi scott. My name is misty.
There's usually an animal somewhere named that. Hey, so have you done this before?
Okay, good. We're both veterans then.
We'll get it going here. I'm gonna start my top. I always start the stopwatch just to make sure that we get our full 25 minutes. So are you? I'm pacific coast time. What about you?
East Coast. Okay. Okay.
New Jersey. Yeah, I'm out in Washington State.
There we go.
Um Actually it's a really nice day today, so I don't know how warm it got today, but it's not cold yet. We just have had our rainy time a little bit, but it's okay because we went through kind of a scary fire season and everything.
It was it was horrible and my sister almost lost her house even. Um and it was like a little tiny fire and the Department of Natural Resources, firefighters were amazing. And they were up in the mountains and they were able to get to where the fire was over here in Western Washington about an hour. And they saved all but one house.
So everything was pretty scorched, pretty scary. My 11 year old niece was at home by herself and the firefighters. They were coming through the loudspeaker you know warning them. It was a level three evacuation. Get out, get out and you know my sister got a call from my niece just hysterical what should I do, what should he do? And then she hears a firefighter say get in my truck. So she did and he took her and handed her off to the police and then they connected her with her dad and yeah it was it was nuts and we all breathed a lot of smoke but then for a couple of weeks but then I know we were nowhere near as bad as California.
I know. Yeah. And so I just, I feel for every time I see a fire now it hits a little bit closer to home. Yeah. So we're usually pretty lucky we don't live. Do you go do you guys get hurricanes up there?
Sometimes? Pretty
rare.
So we're just kind of like, you know, wild fires and volcanoes once in a while. But that's it.
Oh yeah, earthquakes, Yeah, we're waiting for that big one. But yeah, I just, I've never lived anywhere where the hurricanes or tornadoes are. How about you?
that's
I bet you're storms are worse.
Okay. That's way colder than we get.
Yeah. Oh see we all get really cranky if it drops into the 20s.
but
you get snow every winter, right?
You're like we're okay natural disasters, you're pretty safe.
that's good, that's good. So how has the year been treating you, are you working and you're off work?
it's been hard, I've been lucky to continue working because I do a couple of different things but I've
been able to but it puts me in contact with people all the time,
so yeah, it's just like I get I do merchandising at a grocery store two days a week and I, you know it's fine. Most of the people around here are all masked when they're shopping, but the prior to opening the workers aren't being as serious about it, so I get really frustrated with that.
Oh wow, that would just be
livid.
No,
no.
I would say today, so I was in two different grocery stores today and I would say shoppers what wise 95 plus percent of people were wearing masks so
that
feels good and comfortable and I know it's not that way in all parts of the country but I bet you guys are pretty good about it.
You got hit
so hard. Yeah.
because
they're outside.
no I'm on the same boat with you because I would just rather I you know I have a teenage son and I would just rather do everything I possibly can to make sure I'm safe so that he doesn't get anything but then nothing happens to me that would cause problems for him, you know I'm just
Did you get your flu shot yet? Are you going to?
Yeah. No, you're not your thing.
Well
yeah well I'm a nanny so I nanny for a toddler and I got my flu shot to make sure that you know I don't want to pass. She's been protected at home for seven months now, rarely rarely ever leaves. So I just need to make sure that I do everything also to make sure I don't bring anything in to
her house,
Yeah I mean I'm I believe in vaccinations definitely I'm not sold yet. I they're rushing the vaccines way too fast for me and I really need to see some study, more studies done, make sure that everything is super safe. But if it turns out that yes 12 shots, whatever that gives you some immunity at least then I'll go for it.
Well
so how else has this impacted your life this year?
yep. March last time I went to.
they're they're opened up.
I
hope.
So what movies did you see this month?
Ivan.
So that must be how disconnected I am right now because none of those titles were recognizable
to me.
I'm not that out of the loop then.
True.
So
Right. So what are, what capacity do they have? Like is
it
like 25 or 50%?
Right. Yeah my sister was talking about, she said something was open and wanted to go and I'm just like I'm okay I'll wait till next year.
No.
I didn't even think about that so.
no.
Oh that's good.
So you haven't been in movies? What else has been? Were you supposed to do anything fun, any vacations or anything this year that got canceled or?
out a little bit. Yeah, I think I had plans but I hadn't they hadn't really kind of even formed at the beginning of the year and everything started happening and I thought I don't think I'm going to be able to travel so I didn't plan anything
I really wanted to but. Oh
it is. Yeah. I haven't done anything. I haven't been anywhere. All I've done is work for the last seven months. So. Mhm.
Do you have places that you like to go though? Like regular places around there?
no tropical vacations for us this year?
No, no, I have no need to get on a plane. I'm not planning on it anytime soon. They're convincing me a little bit more in terms of talking about how safe safe much safer is now just in terms of the air exchange and the filtration and everything that they're doing. And so that sounds better. I mean I read all this the studies about like the one flight there was that flight from London to Vietnam and the positive person on that plane infected so many people. You know they could diagram it all out and figure out where everybody had been and one person that wasn't even sitting next to her got it but because they had both been in the bathroom type of thing and yeah so I you know but that was at the beginning so now I feel it would be a little different but if I don't need to travel I don't have to travel for work. My family's all in Washington state. Then I just I canceled some business trips. I just I'm staying home.
Yeah sure that'd be fine
little bit. I know there are a lot of people that have to travel for work and they've been doing it successfully but it just sounds like such a chore because they have to be so careful and you know just
cleaning and sanitizing constantly as they go step by step and
Yeah. It's amazing. It's Yeah.
And you know and I feel for them, a lot of them too because especially if they're in states that I just saw today, I thought it was like 25 states have a 50% increase infections and I'm just like oh
or
is it?
Set
I mean it was kind of a a weird thing. Good thing that like you said you guys got hit in the beginning we have the the nursing home that was really popular. Well not popular. Well that's the word wrong word um became famous for its kind of starting up in Kirkland and you know they whether or not that was the first case or not but it was the first one where just like a whole bunch of people died. Right? So I think being really super aware of it from the very beginning has been helpful. I mean it hasn't I mean our state is still has its problems. I'm fortunate to live in a county that's not impacted. I'm outside of the counties that are around Seattle, I'm a little south of that and outside of it so I'm a little bit more not rural at all but you know just not big big city.
Yeah so it just but it still feels like okay. We we knew we knew right in the beginning that this could jump in somewhere and just white people out very quickly.
So.
Yeah. It went really fast.
I think in my county now we've passed 1000 infections, but I don't think we've passed 2025 deaths in my county.
So yeah, but I look around to people and I'm just like okay, but you have to do your part to make
that we're still all being safe and I see them not doing it and they think they are,
you know, oh I wear my mask. Yes. When customers are in the store, but when you and a coworker both have your mass stuff and you're talking you know, face to face. You know, I haven't seen my parents, my parents live about, oh gosh, three hours away and I haven't seen them since the beginning of the year
And I mean I want to but there are 78
So I'm just like, I'll call you but I don't want to come up and you know, and the other part of it is there 78 and I'm not sure that they're being super. I know they're staying home, that's all they ever do, but how, you know, I've sent them masks, I've mailed them gloves, I mailed them sanitizer, but making sure that they follow through on that when they're out is I can't control that.
they know, and plus they have, my sister and myself were both like in their ears all the time, just making sure, okay, I have a brother that kind of thinks that it's all kind of hokey and not real like, oh my God, was like, don't listen to him. He doesn't know what he's talking about. You know, remember who he is and that he's not a scientist or a doctor. Okay.
I
don't know if he does. Um
I don't think he does, but he definitely supports trump and you know, he he wants to go down that whole route and just like, okay, I don't want to see you then. Yeah, I just have no, I I see his pictures on facebook with him and his friends out at the bar and you know, everybody got together and went out to the lake for the weekend and like, all right.
Yeah. Yeah. You have the best medical care in the world, You have access to drugs that nobody else has access to.
Hey,
how do you guys vote? Do what you're voting process in New Jersey?
You're not registered voter? How come?
Yeah. I know everybody's got opinion. What
about like just the local elections and things like that.
You
don't
want to.
You still
have time to register, you could still register,
you
know when you vote, you don't have to vote for everything. I don't know about you. But my ballot was front and back and I had to decide on a lot of different things. And for me it was pretty easy because I'm pretty much straight ticket on and most things. But we have a lot of we have a weird thing in our state where if the legislature passes something, then the people still get to have an opinion on it. So basically they passed a tax and then they put it on our ballots and say, you know, do the people support it or reject it, even though they've already passed a type of thing, but that and lots of, you know, this, I will say the last few years I've been really super involved in the elections, researching people trying to figure out who to support and you know, I just believe starting at the local level in getting as many people as we can elect it in in those positions that, you know, that I support because then it continues to grow and build and we can have change happened a little bit faster I think, instead of just kind of picking the top person and just saying, okay, this top person is supposed to fix everything. Right?
I think you have to accept the fact that there's always going to have to be, you know, there's there's they lie, there has to be compromised that you're not going to be happy with. But in the end, you know, I just see, especially in Washington State how local elections have impacted my life personally, just when it comes to taxes and things like that. And so it makes a difference. It makes a difference for me. But
well, my state, my state always swings what, you know the democratic way anyway. So if I didn't vote for that, then yes, my vote, it wouldn't even really matter because I know what my state is going to do, but I can go all the way down and make sure I am supporting the person that gets elected to the Water commissioner board and this, you know, um the school board and and all
of those different
positions.
What?
I
was happy to vote for my governor though, because I feel that he has done a good job. He actually was one of he was running for president um jay inslee, but I was he's done a good job for our state in particular. They've been really careful and I there's nothing that I disagreed with him really on how he's handled the whole thing. So the other guy, Oh my gosh, there's no way I'd ever want that other guy handling what we're, what we're going through right now. Yeah,
so I can't get you to register to vote. Huh?
That was like
do you think he really tried though? Or do you think he
just always, in my, in my opinion, he was always just doing what was best for him?
I guess my confidence in him is coming from the fact that I know he's bringing a lot of people on board. I mean people people that I would have voted for in a heartbeat if they had been the candidate and you know that those are the people that I'm looking at that he's including in his his campaign now and that I hope he can include and put into into positions in the future. So that makes me feel comfortable in terms
of
voting
for him.
You
think
so?
Well that's an interesting perspective. I haven't heard that idea before.
Nothing.
I'm sorry. I don't give him credit for anything so we'll
just have
to agree that disagree there.
Hey. Well, guess what? We've passed our 25 minutes.
All
right. Sounds good. Yeah, I started working for this morning so I'm
a little tired and I have homework to help with dinner,
everything so I gotta run. But hey, good to talk to you.
Okay bye bye.