SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Uh huh. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Right. Uh huh Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. This is not normal. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello,
SPEAKER_R: All right, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Doing Okay. How are you? My name is Ariel
SPEAKER_R: My name is josh.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you where you video chatting from
SPEAKER_R: Uh My beautiful bedroom.
SPEAKER_L: where, like where,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what city or you know?
SPEAKER_R: am in Saint George Utah.
SPEAKER_L: Utah I was there once, many, like probably 20 years ago.
SPEAKER_R: uh Which part do you remember?
SPEAKER_L: I think we went to like wherever the great salt lake is.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, we're waist down south by Vegas. That's where we're at
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Do you, do you go to Vegas a lot?
SPEAKER_R: when you're right next to it. Not really. There's no reason to.
SPEAKER_L: that's fair. I am, I've been to Vegas a few times. Not, I think most recent time is probably like 10 years ago and I really liked it, but I don't think I want to go back now, just like, I think I just I feel like I've gotten that like part of me out of my system, you know? Um I live in I live in new york city and I think it's sort of similar. I mean I live like in a sort of like residential lee part of the city,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: but it's kind of, I think it's very similar to like the fact that I don't go to like the Empire State Building or the statue of liberty often like it's right there, but like you never you just go about your life and you don't really do those. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Same thing with like Times Square and stuff. I assume you just don't go. Yeah, I figured.
SPEAKER_L: Tonight, I mean I will often like find myself in that area if I have to, but I don't like it's just Time Square is really, really crowded. Um Not now, so like actually during Covid it's actually like the whole city is pretty empty, so it's actually sort of nice um Because it's really I mean it's getting better because we are very much kind of like past our worst like Covid the time, you know? But like in the spring there were no tourists, like nobody was coming here. I don't even think you were allowed to stay in hotels because they were using most not all hotels for essential workers who couldn't go home at night because they didn't want to infect their families or anything. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the city it's still pretty empty. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: during normal Times like Times Square is just really crowded. It's obvious it's like very touristy obviously because it's really famous and everyone wants to go there. So it's kind of hard to like just if you're trying to just go from Point A to Point B. But crossing through Times Square, it's just it's really hard because it's so crowded. Um What it is, it is like a place where you probably have to end up at some point because there's like an office or a doctor or whatever that you maybe go to in that vicinity.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I used to um I used to play on like a bowling league with some friends, like it wasn't serious, we're all pretty bad, but like a social bowling league and it was in Times Square
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: case
SPEAKER_L: once a week I would find myself around there and it was just, it's always terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh I've
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: never been, I'd like to go sometime, but my wife went once and she said she didn't like it so I don't think we'll ever go.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's it's a lot, I think
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: it would
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: be probably
SPEAKER_R: so much.
SPEAKER_L: very hard to come here as a tourist only because like there's so much that you want to do
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and new york, I mean it's huge,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: it's not like you can accomplish depending on the length of your trip, you know you
SPEAKER_R: cook?
SPEAKER_L: can only accomplish like a certain number of things um and you know I always
SPEAKER_R: Couple.
SPEAKER_L: tell people that like all of the bad things that people say about new york city are all true in that like it is very expensive,
SPEAKER_R: Bring
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: pretty ugly,
SPEAKER_R: special
SPEAKER_L: dirty,
SPEAKER_R: to me. Right,
SPEAKER_L: it smells like hot garbage in the summer. Um But it is, I mean there are also like a lot of great things about it. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: it's certainly worth visiting, I would say like the spring and fall are really nice. Um I think september two, like christmas time is usually the most popular uh time to come here. I'm not really sure why, I mean I understand christmas because maybe of like the big tree at Rockefeller center but um the fall is really popular time to come here, but like summer is nice but it's so hot and the whole east coast is so humid in the summer. Uh So it's just, I mean it's like all the concrete and stuff, it's like it's very uncomfortable in the summer. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And uh but you know, I mean, I think it depends on what you're interested in for vacations, you know, like it's not ready. Like if you want like nature, this is not really a good place to go, but there's good food.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've never really been on the East Coast, so I'm assuming that's like the number one place to go. You know, new york maybe like florida. I don't know if people really go to florida anymore. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I think Miami uh and Disney, I mean maybe not right now, but although I do think that he is open to an extent, I don't
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: know that like I
SPEAKER_R: scary
SPEAKER_L: would go to,
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if I would go to Disney right now, but um Disney is always popular and certainly in Miami, if you're looking for more of like a party kind of vibe, I love D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Higher.
SPEAKER_L: I think D. C. And boston I think are two cities that I think are very manageable to do in a short trip. Whereas like New york again it's it's I mean you can do it in a weekend or a long weekend if you want but you miss a lot of stuff. Whereas boston I kind of feel like uh D. C. They're they're both smaller and more manageable and you can actually like go there for three days and like do a fair amount and feel like you really got a good sense of what those cities are. They're very like user friendly. Mhm. Uh huh. Do you like you could you live near Vegas? Is it do you also ski there skiing in Utah
SPEAKER_R: So we were actually in the desert part of Utah.
SPEAKER_L: That looks great. Junior Vegas.
SPEAKER_R: So there's not much of that here.
SPEAKER_L: They're they're skiing elsewhere in your child though? No?
SPEAKER_R: it's way up north about five hours from here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm like I'm pretty bad at geography
SPEAKER_R: it's okay. Not
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: many
SPEAKER_L: knowing
SPEAKER_R: people know
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: about Utah.
SPEAKER_L: Big one with these states are. Um Do you, do you like where you live? Is that where you're from originally?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never left. Like my wife honestly hates it here, but I do All right.
SPEAKER_L: Where is she from?
SPEAKER_R: She's from riverside California, so completely different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, interesting. So is it like what is it like where you live? Like suburban?
SPEAKER_R: uh we were actually kind of a bustling town now compared to like 20 years ago, but I think it's one of the fastest growing places in the US. So we have like a population of 120,000 or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's that's sizeable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's not too bad. Uh It's Salt Lake, I think there's about a million two million people, so not
SPEAKER_L: makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: ton of people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like that's a good like 120,000 is kind of like a good um you know sort of middle ground, You know? Um I mean I grew up in New Jersey, like not too far from the city, but I think my town was maybe like 20,000 people, which
SPEAKER_R: It's a huge
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: difference.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's kind of like. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: It's a huge difference.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Right. I mean certainly like 20,000 to living in New York City now with like eight million people is very uh it's different but my my parents are both from the city originally like, so I kind of always grew up and I have like, I like my grandparents lived here and I had cousins and stuff here, so even as a kid, we always came into the city is like a without traffic, it can be done in less than an hour, but you know, it's very much dependant, Excuse me. Um Yeah, let's this plus traffic these days. I think
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: again fewer people coming into the city and certainly fewer people um commuting because people aren't really going into offices at the moment.
SPEAKER_R: none of that's really changed here. Being such a conservative state. Like, people don't care about that stuff, they just keep doing what they're doing.
SPEAKER_L: Have there is covid like how has it been in your area?
SPEAKER_R: It was fine for a long time, but now it's starting to spike up a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Right, because the people don't care
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're lucky,
SPEAKER_L: so people don't wear masks and stuff by you.
SPEAKER_R: you know, we're lucky to have some really interesting people on the national news complaining about that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very interesting to me I think to like see, I think it's interesting honestly for all of new york city to see what the rest of the country is going through now because like, we went through this, Oh, I mean new york was, I mean it was, I mean end of March, april May june was it was like devastating here and we, I mean major league got it under control. It's the numbers are starting to creep back up like a tiny bit, but they're not, I mean they're nowhere near close to where they were in the spring and we're obviously all hoping that it doesn't like go in that direction, but people, I mean people here take it really seriously uh you know, even when I go outside, like, and again, like I don't live in a particularly busy neighborhood, so it's not like I live in a place where like I go outside and the sidewalks are really crowded, but like pretty much everybody wears masks. Um Even just like to leave the house, sometimes they don't but um you know because everyone here like remembers what it was like. Uh And I mean there are times like I don't take the subway a lot now because I mean I work from home, like I don't go into my office anymore, so I don't really need to get on the train, but there are times where I take the train and like there's like maybe one or two people's occasionally who aren't wearing masks, but for the most part everyone is very compliant here. And you know like we we look at like what's happening in the rest of the country and we just are like, did you not learn
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: you not
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: remember what happened?
SPEAKER_L: from watching us like go through this really terrible level? Um But yeah and also, I mean it's it's a very uh I mean it's a it's a very like left leaning bubble here where people are very much like, yes, I believe in science and Western medicine. And people who say that like masks help. And it's not, you know, like people here don't not everyone obviously, but for the most part, people here don't like uh they wear masks because they know that it helps not just you, but like your fellow person as opposed to
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the idea. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I guess where you live in a lot of like Red states, it's very it's like a politicized kind of thing. And like your um they're like your your impending on my freedoms, I think you never asked. Which is very funny. I mean it's not funny, but
SPEAKER_R: I was lucky enough to go to walmart and see that in live action. Someone getting so upset about it.
SPEAKER_L: what do they do?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Just they stare at this old man that's trying to give him a mask just to be nice. You know, like you need a mask to come in. They just get so upset at them. It's ridiculous. Like you're
SPEAKER_L: Do they
SPEAKER_R: you're eating
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: on my
SPEAKER_L: elderly
SPEAKER_R: rights.
SPEAKER_L: people?
SPEAKER_R: Your this is not a legal thing. You need to back up. It's embarrassing.
SPEAKER_L: my God, it's a it's so ridiculous. I mean and also like I under I mean I think when you live in a big city uh you live in closer quarters to other people, so I think maybe you're more um you're more like socially minded in that like you're not just wearing a mask for you but like you are wearing it for other people. But it's it's just crazy that a lot of people don't, even if you don't live in a big city, it's crazy to me that people can kind of like get behind the mentality of like yes sometimes wearing a mask is uncomfortable, particularly like in the summer when it was 95 degrees, like yes it's annoying but this is something that could potentially save someone's life and that the fact that people just don't care, like you can't force you can't force me to do anything. It's just it's such a weird, selfish, a selfish reminded like a way to live your life. Um I think here like what's interesting is that like wearing a mask, it's not even, it's almost like you do it out of like a,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like a courtesy in that. I remember there's, I live like a pretty short distance from this really big cemetery, which is oddly like kind of a, you want to call it a tourist attraction. It's a really large cemetery. It's really beautiful. There's a lot of um, it's like famous authors and like some civil war people buried there and it's, it's a tourist attraction and that people will go and walk around like and like it's very peaceful in the fall,
SPEAKER_R: Almost
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: little part
SPEAKER_L: there's no right
SPEAKER_R: in a way.
SPEAKER_L: kind of like a park, but minus the like social activities, um people will go and just walk around is really pretty, especially in the fall with like the color, the colors changing in the trees and stuff. And I went one Saturday like a few weeks ago and it was really early in the morning because like I always wake up really early now and so I was there and there was really nobody else there and then I saw like a couple walking and I didn't have my mask on, like I just pulled it down because I was like, I'm outdoors and I can't see a single person. And then I saw a couple walking towards me and all three of us like immediately put our masks, even though the closest we ever got to each other was like 20 ft,
SPEAKER_R: It's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like we're at doors and there was really big pathways but it's just kind of like you see and that's kind of what it's like here a lot and that if you don't have a mask on um even if you're outdoors, even if you're nowhere near someone else, you do it almost as like a courtesy of like, okay, like I know like, you know, we're not, there's no basically no risk of me, like infecting. I mean, I haven't had covid, but like in theory, if I did right or those people that coupled in the cemetery, like there would've been no way that either any of us would have been infected because we were so far away from each other. And obviously, like being outdoors, there's minimal risk of transmission outdoors, but you do it just because you're like, I want to show that I'm a courteous nice person, if that makes sense. Um
SPEAKER_R: Do you think it has anything to do with like being judged or just a courtesy? I'm just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: curious.
SPEAKER_L: think, yeah, I mean, I think it could be so yeah, I think it could be both um in that. Yeah. Yeah, I guess, I guess that's like also another, like it could be both of those things where it's like I don't want I don't want those people to think that I'm like a kind of asshole who doesn't care about wearing a mask it on other people.
SPEAKER_R: It's something I've noticed I do all the time now in the store. I just look around and see who is actually wearing them or not. It's just an instinct to look around for it now. I can't help it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I I've seen or heard about people like, like I don't confront people,
SPEAKER_R: Half
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: an
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: hour.
SPEAKER_L: I'm on the subway the other day and there's someone not, I mean, not that close to me, but who wasn't wearing a mask. And like I've seen or heard people, I confront other people about it and like I won't do that just because like
SPEAKER_R: It's not necessary.
SPEAKER_L: well that and also like in New york city, you never know who
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: is insane,
SPEAKER_R: same thing here.
SPEAKER_L: but I guess that's
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: true anywhere, like I just I'm just not going to really mess with anyone, but I will try to not stand near that person. Um But yeah, yeah, so yeah, there's like a judgment aspect to of like, I want to be seen as a person who cares about other people I don't know. And also just for your own self protection. I mean, that's like a whole other thing too, is that I understand again, that like, yes, someone telling you to wear a mask is probably like, uh whatever it's infringing on your freedoms, but also, like, don't you don't don't you want to not get sick. Although I guess,
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: I guess if you don't believe that Covid is real, like me, there's a lot of those people too, I guess, like the Covid's a hoax kind of people.
SPEAKER_R: It's just crazy that that's still a thing after all this.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, I mean, again, it's it's hard for me to like, put myself in the, the mindset of those people, but it really, it's sort of like a, it's like a self perpetuating cycle where like the news that you pay attention to reinforces, don't the beliefs that you have. And then like, the stuff that you click on, if you click on things on like facebook or twitter or whatever, your social media thing that says like, Covid is a hoax that like, it just kind of like continues to show you that type of stuff. So it's just kind of like, it's a snowball that just like gets you deeper and deeper into this rabbit hole. And I'm like, I don't but and so like, I don't click on those things or like, I don't that's not like news that I tap into. So I guess it's hard for me to say like, oh yeah, there are people who genuinely believe that Covid isn't real and like who who think that like all the reports of deaths and sicknesses and whatever are made up but like I guess if that's the only like media that you pay attention to and you have friends and family who also believe that it just kind of like gets you like borrows you like deeper into this weird belief system. But I mean also in new york, I mean it just it's crazy. I don't I don't know if anyone in new york city believes that, I'm sure there's someone who believes that Covid is not real. Um But it's I mean like I have a number of, I have a number of friends who are like various types of essential workers and like wanna one of my friends works for the works for the city on some like emergency response type stuff. And in april and May was like traveling around helping set up the temporary morgues outside of various hospitals because they didn't have space anymore in the hospitals to keep
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: all the bodies. So they brought all these refrigerated trucks, like outside of a lot of city hospitals. And uh used them as like temporary morgues because they just didn't have the capacity anymore. And I had another friend who she's an art therapist and she also works at a hospital. And so she also was sending pictures of like the temporary morgues outside of the hospitals where she the hospital where she works and you know, she was doing just like so much grief counseling, which
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: to take
SPEAKER_L: know, it makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: on you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um And so it's just it's weird that like, and I know a lot of people actually who had Covid I don't know anyone who was hospitalized for it very thankfully, like everyone I knew who had it just kind of like felt crappy for a few days. Um and like was dealt with it at home. Um You know, none of them obviously had to be hospitalized and certainly didn't know them past either thankfully, but so it's it's hard and I think everyone in New york city like at least know somebody who had it just because like everyone lives in close quarters and he goes around like wildfire, but it's just crazy to think that there are people who are like, I think people like make this stuff up, I don't know, but.
SPEAKER_R: It doesn't make sense.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean, New york city is a weird place in that way and that like it's very diverse here, but also in some ways it's also not and that everyone here is like pretty, pretty uh left leaning and tends to I think be I don't know, he tends to believe science and news that doesn't come from Fox,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's the opposite here. People carrying around their guns and talking about God all day. That's that's Utah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, is that, that's like your, your family also.
SPEAKER_R: my dad more than my mom, but Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, That's crazy. I I don't, I don't even necessarily, I don't dislike guns. Um I do personally think that like maybe we could use with a little bit stricter gun regulations, but like, I don't think that people shouldn't be allowed to have guns. I don't know why you need a gun to like go to the grocery store necessarily, but,
SPEAKER_R: agree with that.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: We're mhm
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, I don't I don't know, I'm, there are times where I have thought about leaving new york city just to like try living somewhere else. Um I lived in boston for two years during graduate school, but otherwise have lived in new york city like for my entire adult life. And then I think about like kind of like what you're describing, like what so much of the rest of the country is just so different from what I'm used to and I don't know, I don't know what it would be like.
SPEAKER_R: loops
SPEAKER_L: Um and even, I mean I I have a lot of friends who live in Denver and Boulder area um and colorado typically is like a pretty red state and even though like, even though I do think there are a lot of like left leaning people in colorado in general and certainly probably in Denver ble and bolder. Um even like my friends, they're they're like once you leave like Denver city limits, it's just a completely different like world here. And you know, I think about like what it would be like to move somewhere else and I'm kind of like actually really like my liberal bubble here. Um
SPEAKER_R: maybe don't go too far.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, right. And I mean like on on saturday after they called pennsylvania for biden the election, like all of new york city was like partying in the streets. I mean even like my neighborhood's pretty sleepy, you know, it's not like a downtown like hustle and bustle kind of area, but even where I live, like people were shouting, cars were honking outside, some restaurants, there was music and they were like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: impromptu
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: like live bands and then I actually went into Manhattan had plans to meet a friend anyway and we just walked around and just like saw people like dancing and celebrating and I was just like, oh the whole country is not doing this
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know like that it was just like the whole energy of new york city and also because 2020 has been such a shitty year in general. Um You know, for other reasons, right? I mean obviously Covid being the biggest one. Um
SPEAKER_R: Check the winds. You can get it right. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, and I think it was just like, this is the first time anyone has felt like any joy in so long. So it was just like, it was great because the person who most people in new york city voted for just won the election, I guess borrowing any, you know, whatever, trump lawsuits and recounts and things, but pretending that's not happening. But it's also just like, it's like everyone's been so sad the whole year. I mean, there's been so many like one after the other. I mean, also like a lot of people obviously lost their jobs or lost family members or were sick themselves or um you know, and so many businesses are, are gone from here. Um you know, like restaurants and things that I couldn't make it through Covid and there's no like there's minimal like culture and just like so many. And also, you know, obviously also the other terrible things that have happened in California was on fire in Australia was on fire,
SPEAKER_R: it's one
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: going.
SPEAKER_R: after the
SPEAKER_L: So it was just kind of like this explosion of like everyone's like, oh, for like one day only, I have something that can actually be happy about. And then I was like, oh, and I think I just, it was interesting to me to think about like, oh, this is not happening everywhere. Like there's a lot of places where either a, like they didn't vote for biden in mass in the way the new york city did, and or you're like maybe a left leaning person in the middle of a red state or red city or like a red town and so you might be happy, but you don't have this like collective group energy of everyone who's really excited. Oh, but and I really liked that about being here, you know? Um And I don't at this point like I don't really have, even when I like scroll through like facebook and stuff, I don't really have like I don't have a lot of people on my facebook who don't think similarly to how I do. Um At some point like over the last four years, I guess I think any facebook friends of mine who were trump supporters, I've like since unfriended. Also we're not like really friends of mine to begin. Like, you know how like on facebook you are like friends with like your actual friends and then you have like
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: an acquaintance that you met one time and you're like, I don't even remember how I know you
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: like right? Like well this person who I think I met at a party In 2013 who is a Trump supporter, I'm kind of like I don't really need to see this rhetoric and also like we don't have a real friendship like I don't really feel bad unfriending you. Like I didn't have to sever any ties with anyone that is actually important
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: to me.
SPEAKER_R: 1's getting offended
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um Do you like Yeah I guess what what what was it like on saturday by you?
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess just not. Maybe like nothing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah there was nothing like the day before. I don't know if you heard about the trump trains and stuff that have been happening around the U. S. Basically like people take their big ass trucks and just drive them down with trump flags on the back of them still on a row. That's what's been happening here.
SPEAKER_L: Even even since saturday. Yeah that sounds about right. I mean we had so I mean I've heard the term trump train. I didn't know that was like a thing that like people actually did. I think I just heard it as in like it's kind of like the like a trump support kind of like mentality we have that here. I guess it was maybe like late last week. I don't know like thursday or friday or something. There was like a whole um like not parade but like a whole caravan
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: of people are trucks with trump flags and their they blocked one of the bridges.
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: frightening. Um Which was like pretty big news here just because like you know, there's I mean look, there's certainly not everyone in new york city uh is a democrat, like certainly we have people of all types here, but it's it's not super common that you see like really really large kind of displays of republicanism, you know like that we're not, you know, you don't see like I mean it's not really a lawn sign kind of place because nobody has lawns. Everyone lives in apartments. But like if there were lawn signs, like you would have seen a lot of biden Harris signs in like very minimal trump signs. So it was like kind of a big thing to be like, where did these people come from?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Who are these people? Oh
SPEAKER_L: like we're like, do you go from here? Did you come over from like, I mean actually I look outside of, I think new york is probably similar to most other states where like the blue areas are really concentrated in the cities and then once you go out of the city, you know, I mean even in upstate new york or like outside of even in like Long Island, which is not that far from here. At Long Island's like an area suburban area to new york city. Like even Long Island, I think in the election went for trump kind of like as a as a two county region. Um So once you leave the city limits,
SPEAKER_R: That's how
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: goes.
SPEAKER_L: it's very similar to everywhere else. But it is very strange to kind of like see that kind of activity here.
SPEAKER_R: you see that in Salt Lake to like the little tiny bit of blue there everything else is red? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I like looking at those um like all those like election maps where it's like I think every state really has those kind of like even like it's like a whole like square of red and they're like here's a blue dot, like here's another one.
SPEAKER_R: it's like colorado like you're saying the same thing,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. But yeah it's a it's an interesting time.
SPEAKER_R: it really is.
SPEAKER_L: Uh But I think I need to like go do some work. I think I got a request At seven p.m. last night for from someone who's not even my boss was like hey can you send me this by 8 30 tomorrow morning? And I was just like that's that's a real presumptuous but okay I did it for this girl. But that's like I mean I work in the nonprofit sector so um it's not that it's not typically that kind of like I I don't I don't know about industry because I only work for one current organization. But like that's not the culture by any means of the like, yeah, I'm going to interrupt your dinner to ask you to do a thing before work. Like in the next 12 hours, 18 of those hours you're going to be sleeping. Like that's not very common. I was just like,
SPEAKER_R: I guess.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So I said it was like all right, but I was very unhappy about it. But I guess I should go see and make sure that they actually got what they wanted. But it was nice chatting with you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: enjoy the rest of your day,
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: bye.