uh, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello.
Hi. I'm David.
Yeah. Which is how are you doing?
Very good. Mhm.
Yeah.
So it's an am where I am. Is it roughly the same for you?
I am.
I'm in texas. So
do you appear
this weekend? I
said,
what are you up to this week?
I say.
What
were the ministry?
Um, no, it's been a pretty relaxing weekend. I have a little work I have to do. So I'm actually a college professor. I have to record a bunch of videos this weekend for my students.
So
are all your classes, like, um, through zoom and stuff or?
no, because you're in California and no schools are in person,
there
seems
like,
oh, I lost you. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Are you back? I couldn't hear it for a while. Yeah.
Right.
I think I was saying, Yeah, everything in California is online, I think.
Gotcha. Yeah, I'm teaching hybrid classes, so my students are only one day a week, the class is basically divided into thirds and so the room isn't very crowded at all, like they're very spaced out and they could just ask me homework questions and stuff like that.
so I'm a math professor I teach calculus to and um right now I'm teaching this class for math majors about proofreading.
Are you are you done with your math stuff already or did you have stuff left to take?
Okay.
I
teach
you what it's a really useful subject.
usually
usually the people I teach in math or in statistics are like in majors that don't use a lot of math and they don't it's not like taking algebra or calculus or something, it's um it doesn't rely on doing a lot of calculations, it's more like a science class so you might like it more than you think you're just
Just be open minded, maybe it'll be okay.
what
year are you
I've been out of school for like 12 years now, I was in school for a long time to get the PhD, so
four years of college and then like seven years of grad school,
I
do
but
that
oh no it's it can be really difficult. Um It's it's really a test of whether you can sort of just last that long to do all the work. Yeah a lot of people decide that they'd rather move on and get a job doing something else so. Oh
uh not hot anymore, I mean that doesn't feel hot to me. Um It's probably like Maxing out at like 85 some days right now but it's cool in the morning so it's really nice.
But yeah it gets really hot here. Um I guess in California you get kind of consistent weather most of the year, right? Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh
I
hear
you
know.
that's okay. Oh I was just saying don't you get kind of consistent whether they're in California?
Yeah.
So what are your what are your hobbies? What are you into? Oh your question again. Yeah.
No.
what are your hobbies?
Have you?
that's one. Yeah. Have you watched the documentary series on HBO about the Golden State killer
you did? When did you know it? Was it after he was caught or before?
It's insane. Yeah. The documentary that they made about it is really good to watch though.
Yeah, it's on HBO, you have access to it.
I think he's just kind of a shell of a person at this point. I think he understands what's happening to him, but he I don't know, maybe he doesn't feel remorse or something.
My hobbies. Um Well I have I have three kids so they keep you pretty busy. I do a lot of stuff with them.
Yeah, The oldest is 15. Yeah, that's been interesting. She's very drive now.
But but yeah, I like to I like to read a lot. I have a garden. I um I played a lot of video games with my kids.
They tried to
I just didn't feel like playing it. I watched my son played a lot. He's pretty good as an impostor
where you get caught every time.
reminds me of this board game that we played together um called Secret Hitler. Have
you heard
of
that?
it's basically the same kind of game there to like nazis and the liberals are trying to find the nazis basically.
Yeah, yeah. My son really likes among us. Are you playing that a lot right now? I hear it's very popular.
yep. My daughter plays it with all her theater friends,
so it's like We have like 7000 students on campus, it's not huge, but it's a really pretty campus. There's uh there's this like big, it's not very traditional like there are like very large flat spaces for students to kind of sit on and relax or whatever, It's kind of like a little park in the middle of campus, like a little nature trail or something, there's a lot of trees and there's there's a lake, you can kind
of walk around. Yeah, it's actually really nice.
what programs are you interested in? Mhm.
Criminal justice or something that you wanted to do?
Oh okay. I did hear you say that for a second a little while ago, it didn't quite catch that. Okay so you're gonna take that um what is it called? Elsa or something? Soon
as a study
where I go. Uh huh.
Yeah. I wonder if they still have like the logic puzzles for that
for
that test. They do you like those are not
starting
entertainment. I always like those.
Oh they were hey you want to call it a second? That was my 15 year old. You can come in here maybe not. She just woke up wow.
So let's see. Um seven and 12.
Oh so you're the oldest
so he
and these are out of school? Huh?
I see. Cool. That's an exciting job I guess. Kind of scary.
Chapter
So um you said you just got done with midterms this week? How did they go?
That's really that's really good.
Especially when there's all of them in the same week. Yeah.
I
hate
it.
Mhm. For me, writing a 17 page paper was torture because I would write, I would like sit there and worry about every word in like the first paragraph and not actually just start writing. It would take me hours to like write the first page or something.
If you're not that interested in what you're writing about at the moment, it's hard to write 17 pages.
Yeah, that's rough. My wife, on the other hand, we met in college and she could like knock out a 12 page paper in like an hour or something. which I was always just like in awe that she could do that because it would take me like a week of just like stressing over every little word in it and I would never feel very happy with it.
I do like writing once it's done like I like this to, I like it to look perfect and if I read it and I'm happy with it and it's a pretty good feeling but I don't like, I sort of dread doing it and so I just put it off until the last minute usually, but I'm a huge procrastinator. Always was as a student.
And then I tell myself if I just stay until four am on this one night I can, I can get it all done and then it ends up being terrible. So. Yeah. Right. Right,
good.
Oh just I mean just generally house teaching or like teaching during the pandemic because it's very,
yeah. Um I don't like teaching as much right now as I used to just because I don't see my students enough, I only see them once a week. And um I feel like there are a lot of lot of people who are like not doing their work or not doing enough of it to understand what's going on. And I don't really, like I said today, I'm going to record a bunch of videos. I don't really enjoy doing that very much. Um It's okay, like it's not too bad but I prefer to just be in a classroom and interact with people. Yeah, I feel like you can, it's much, I mean I have a lot more practice doing that, so I know how to get certain ideas across that they really need them to know. And I don't know how to do that in a video very well, it seems. But you asked if I had like a lot of problems students, like almost never. I had a lot more when I was younger, I think. But like now it's just it's easier for me to control the classroom, I think. Yeah, everyone's gonna get somebody who's upset with me, but not to.
So the thing for me is that I got into Math in, in college and uh, I realized how much so I did and I wanted to do research in it. And so the idea of going off to grad school and writing a dissertation and getting involved in research was the huge appeal to me at first. Um, but I do, I mean, I I found out that I enjoy teaching and it's actually something that kind of came second because I wanted to be able to do research and and like learn new things in mathematics first. Yeah. Yeah that's how I kind of settled into the career. I had a bunch of different majors in college. Have you changed majors at all?
Yeah. What was it about nursing that you didn't like? Uh huh.
I
was
just wondering the idea of like poking somebody with a needle and that kind of thing.
Um I have my sister's P. A. And my mom did nursing for a long time and they tell me some horror stories about that life.
Yeah like even just the physical labor like sometimes having to lift patients and stuff like that can be really. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh.
a lot of people like stuck in bed and really sick and that sort of thing.
no.
it's a tough life. My my mom did nursing, she worked with a lot of older patients, but she also worked with a lot of patients that had like mental disabilities and so she had to deal with screaming and throwing people throwing things on occasion and just some really some other stuff is really gross that happens, so. Yeah.
Look.
I had no idea. So
it's
it's Alzheimer's I guess.
that's awful. Yeah.
Yeah because you know, they like forget names or have like spotty memory or something but I guess you don't think of them forgetting like basic life skills.
that's rough.
But you decided that wasn't for a year.
you didn't have, you done debate at all?
Yeah, it's I guess probably a tough time to do debate, but maybe you can do it online or something.
Yeah, that's cool. It would be a good thing to add to your application for law schools. Yeah. So what sort of law do you think you want to go into, do you know yet?
so sort of advocating for Children?
So, you know, like, are there groups that you would, you could work for two that, that
I said, Okay.
That makes sense. It's a, it's a really tough time to be finishing college, actually. Okay.
Because
then
hopefully
it'll
be
over by the time you were on the job market, Right? We're applying for grad school. Maybe it's, it's better that you're planning on going to grad school then because you won't be on the job market for a few more years.
Well,
what are you doing right now?
No.
Well,
Into
probation?
Yeah, I'm sure it will. Any I mean any activities at all that kind of sets you apart from other students, I think that makes a difference. Uh huh. Mhm. And then and then good uh L SAT scores I guess. Mhm.
Practices.
I guess it's kind of their testing those sort of debate skills, right? Like whether you can make a make a good logical argument, something like that. Yeah.
Yeah, what else do they have on there?
Yeah. Thank you.
I don't like an essay question.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean you're gonna be doing a lot of writing as a lawyer. I imagine probably more time writing than what we imagine lawyers doing, like standing in front of a judge in a court or whatever.
no. It sounds like a cool career path.
Yeah. Good much.
Well.
I think it's hard for the students to I mean they have to deal with a lot of nonsense now. Like every professor has their class set up in a different way and they never know when, when they're supposed to or what links they're supposed to click on or where the homework assignments are located on the on the website over. But
it's
hard for all of us. I tried to be really nice to my students right now because I know it's tough time. Hopefully
I'd rather be your professors in the same way.
that's good. I guess we're at about time. Yeah.
Nice talking to you too. Good
luck
with law school.
Yeah. Thank you.
See you.