Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Shit. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the first time, just the thing. Mhm. Music. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, I'm Caitlin.
Nice to meet you.
Good, good. How are you?
Oh
God.
Um it's eight am where I am?
Yeah, I'm in California.
definitely
not.
What do
you say?
Um I just chilled um friday and saturday because I just got done with midterms and then today um catching up,
I'm gonna call
it
um criminal justice and political science. Mhm. Yeah. What about you? Any plant? Anything exciting?
Oh, you're a college restaurant on the student. That's cool. But
it's
yeah, there's um no in person.
I clinched
out
real quick.
I don't,
no. Why? Yeah,
I'm sorry, what were you saying about college classes?
Yeah, there's my boyfriend, he goes to school in like riverside and he's start like online classes. It just depends on the school, I guess. Yeah.
Okay. That's cool. So what classes do you teach?
Oh my gosh. Mass. I'm not good at that one. Yeah.
I actually have a criminal justice statistics class. And you take Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not
excited
for that
Yeah, it is. But I just don't like math. I want to try to go into
law school.
Well maybe. Yeah,
maybe. Maybe. How
long?
Oh, I'm in my third year right now. How long have you been taking?
thanks
a long time. My cousin
Syrian PhD.
And like it
does
not look easy.
And then how is the weather in texas talk? Uh huh.
Okay. That's cool.
It's
back
to
normal
now. It bleached out.
Yeah we get kind of consistent with over here so it's not that hot lately. Yeah. Uh
huh. Okay.
I'm sorry, I said
you said what I hear what
um my hobbies tend to be watching scary movies. I love scary stuff so and then um I like um watching like um crime crime stuff in cases and then like looking them up. I find it interesting and then other stuff I like to do
is um probably just like hiking and like the mountains or something.
Oh no but I did a report on him actually.
Um I did it this summer actually so when he was caught yeah that cases like kind of crazy.
Okay. I didn't know there was but
he doesn't like I know like he's caught now but like it doesn't even look like he has like the mental capacity like to understand what he did anymore like he looks like super out of it
I don't know it's super weird. What about you?
Three kids wow.
Okay lets go at school.
Mhm. Have they made you play among us?
You don't like it?
Uh I suck.
Yeah every time yeah
take
your
Hitler
I don't think I've heard of that but it sounds cool.
Uh I should get up. Sounds cool. Yeah
yeah I'm playing it right now. It's very popular practically everyone I know has it? Yeah.
Oh that's cool. Okay okay and then how is the campus you teach on? Is it pretty big?
that's
I want to try to go to grad school in like texas but I heard it's really hard to um get inside grad schools in texas than it is in California.
I have no idea, I'm kinda just open and going to anywhere. Um I mainly just like I did um all my schooling here in California so I kind of just want to branch out at this point. Yeah
yeah I'm in criminal justice and I have a minor in pre law and then after school here I didn't want to go to law school.
all sat yeah
look
Um I just got like $4 and like they're literally like this thick each so see how that goes.
They
do
um I definitely am getting the start of it, I'm starting to understand it the tricks
with.
No.
How old are your other two kids?
I was seven and 12. uh I have a 15 year old brother and then a 12 year old brother.
Um I have one older brother, he's 24 and I'm 20. Yeah.
Well spaced out.
Um He's technically out of school but he took like a year off so now he's going back to paramedic school, he went to um community college and he got um I forgot what he got a degree in but he got a degree and then he went to MT and now he's going to paramedic.
he wants to be a firefighter. So yeah, definitely
useful all here. Yeah.
Um I had four tests. I got to bees in two ways. Yeah.
Yeah, I was trying to aim towards like all A's but that's a good sign.
one of my classes I literally had to do like a 17 page paper as my midterm. Yeah. I
got an A
on
it though, so it's fine.
I like writing. I just didn't like what I had to write about. Yeah.
Yeah, I literally had to write about like the declaration of Independence and the constitution And like 17 pages. It is like torture.
I know people either have a love or hate relationship with like writing. It just depends there's no one between honestly.
I know some people who are like that you like put off writing to the last minute. Yeah.
Yeah and
then and then how is teaching like um do you like run into like a lot of trouble students are like it's mostly
teaching during the pandemic?
So why do you want to teach college instead of like any other school?
Um and freshman year my parents wanted me to go into nursing, so I wanted as a pre nursing major and I did that for a year and I just did not like it. So I just went into what I wanted to do and now I'm here.
like the science classes. I'm really good at science, but it's not something I want to do as a career.
And then
also
I know and I did an internship at a hospital and I actually did an internship at a senior center which like basically the walls are a lot around medical and like it just really grows too. Really grows.
Yeah. It just sounds like an intern. It was like really gross and like really like exhausting. So I could imagine like having to be an actual nurse.
um I work at the senior center. I worked out like I had to deal a lot with like um those who are 70 years or older and they have like mental disabilities like Alzheimer's or dementia and like what do you think of like a senior senior center you think of like, oh, like the movies, like bingo, like colleagues type of things and No, no, like
stuck in bad, like they're angry at you and like it's really
hard. Yeah.
Yeah. That's exactly what and like, like I learned like a lot of new things though like by like
working with them because like, okay, these are like stupid facts like, but I didn't know about them. But like, I didn't know like you can't give like old people like a lot of sugar like because that just like decreases their memory even faster.
And
then
Yeah, alzheimer's or dementia and also like, I didn't know like for people who get that like you, you forget like the simple things like eating, like you don't know how to eat or to like you forget how,
yeah, I didn't know about those things like when I started going into it.
Yeah. Basic like schools. So
that was crazy.
Yeah, That, that was not for me. I'm kind of um more I'm, I like researching and like find me what went wrong and like arguing with people about like, yeah,
no, I want to though. So I'm looking into that.
Yeah. My school offers a debate club. So I'm thinking about joining in it.
Um, personally, um, I've looked in like to all of them, but I think like kids are like human sex trafficking is like the most interesting to me just because um, I think it often goes under talked about. Yes.
Yeah. And um, sex traffickers probably. Yeah.
I'm looking into that still.
Yeah. It's pretty hard right now because no one wants to hire volunteers right now.
Like, um, I don't know. Like, I wish this happened freshman year. Not junior year. Yeah. That
way
you can
actually
have
stuff.
22 We'll see
how it goes, but I'm doing some stuff right now, so hopefully that looks good.
Um, well, I have a job on campus. Um, and basically it works around students who have
disabilities. So like I make three D. Printed objects, like help them, um,
work inside class and then help them, basically, I basically help like them graduate, like dealing with disabilities. And then currently I'm waiting on, I applied to a probation department, so hopefully get into that and
then
a probation department. Yeah. For some youths and then I'm in some clubs at school, so hopefully that helps.
I
am like so nervous on that. The logic questioning part. Like let's take a lot of learning
I guess. It's like really confusing. The questions are just weird.
Um They have a reading comprehension section which like should be fine and then
the last section is like a free response. So I guess I give you like um Iran cushion then you. That's right. An answer.
Yeah. An essay question and that part is not created but um they just send it into law school so they see how you write. No.
Yeah. I've heard it's a lot more paperwork than actually going into court itself. Love will train.
Mhm. We'll see. I'll go
thanks and good luck
to you. Teaching. Uh It's probably harder for the teacher than the student like right now.
that's
true.
Okay so you're the cool professor. Okay.
Um Yeah, they're pretty much the same way. Yes.
it's been nice talking to you
if
I
Yeah, you too. Good luck with teaching.
Bye.