Hey? You hear me okay? Mhm.
okay,
this is weird. Huh? I
don't know, I usually don't do chats.
it's like 25 minutes or so?
Yeah. What do you usually talk about?
let's go.
Where
are you,
where
are you from?
What
we're at? In California?
My sister lives in northern northern California by
capacitive.
I kind of are the fire so they went all crazy.
that's good.
That's crazy. I love in Illinois so like way far away. What
what do you say?
What
do you mean like?
so we definitely get a lot of snow in the winter tornadoes. Sometimes we had like this weird inland hurricane like last month called a Dorito.
It's fun. But but you guys, you guys get earthquakes
yanks, Is it a big
one?
like do you
get
Do you get any warning like you know when there's like a big thunderstorm coming? Like watch out there'll be a thunderstorm, do they say watch out there's going to be an earthquake,
it just happens
what's
up
and you never know how big it's going to be.
I don't know.
I guess it's
like
yeah but it hasn't hasn't yet.
Do
people say people say like what y'all the next one is gonna be the big one, you know like in
the movies?
It's
funny.
So you know with this thing
and I can imagine if you were in a big building or like I don't know somewhere with a lot of loose stuff like your grocery store or something, you know like you're just all come off the shelves. Thanks.
Let me
just pull up the tv like this is fine. Just wait for it
to
go.
dog would be scared shitless a bit. She gets here to like big thunderstorms and stuff. Do okay. I don't know your dog boy. You know
what?
Weird. Yeah sort of here it was like the end of june like the last week of june and then all the way to like three weeks into july there was fireworks and then they stopped but like a good month. There is crazy.
here too
it's there was a I don't know if it was one house or if it was like a couple of different houses but we kind of live by some woods and you could hear it on the right side of the woods
when they were setting off all the fireworks one night at the end of it they were setting off a bunch of fireworks and then they
got down and they waited like 10 minutes and then you just hear like guns like pop pop pop pop, like they ran out of fireworks. There was like America like shooting
their guns. I like okay. And then they didn't do it after so they must have run out or something.
Uh Yeah, so I think Illinois is legal but Iowa I think I was because I were like right by the border so like I was here in Illinois is here and we're like sorta on the river. I think I would just made it legal like a couple of years ago. So I know there's a lot more stores in Illinois so people from Iowa would come to Illinois to get them and then take them back even though it's technically illegal. But they do the same with like marijuana too because Illinois legalized it. But I was like super republicans so they didn't legalize it yet and it's still super illegal. People just drive to Illinois and then go back to Iowa
kind of like the
colorado or you know stuff like that. But
But I thought
it
was illegal in California, isn't it?
Yeah.
Thanks.
that's true. Yeah because it's so dry right? Mm
It's like he like lost like a match or something
and then half the force lights on fire, right? I think that's how it happened. Stop.
Oh that's terrible.
get burned
you. Yeah.
Oh I was just gonna say we get burned bands every so often like if we hadn't had a good rain in a while or if it's super windy Like yesterday it was super windy for some reason. Uh they were saying yesterday was the last next day it was like 80° And they said it's gonna be high of like 40s and 50s or something like that for the next while. It was so cold.
It's
not like
70s
and 70s and 80s there.
ma'am, I'm so jealous.
how do you, do you get fans or do you how do you sleep
with the fan on you?
Oof. X. And it stays it stays hot at night, isn't it?
Man?
I cannot sleep when it's really hot tonight. What what's your goal? Oh
man,
that's
crazy. I would even like drive to somewhere with an air conditioner or like go in my car for breaks or something, you know, just blasted it. Uh So
have you been there your whole life then?
Look
That's awesome.
No.
So I actually, I was born in California in La Habra, but then when I was a baby,
he moved to Iowa and then I grew up in Iowa. Um,
and then, uh, I'm actually married
and my husband, he joined the navy when In 2011. So we moved with that. We moved to Florida and then after that we moved to Michigan and then I had a couple of kids and then we moved to Illinois because that's
like right
by where he grew up. So like trying to back to the area. Um, I don't know. I think michigan everywhere is my favorite so far just, it's like really secluded and I don't like a lot of people, but this place, um, in Illinois
it's like still secluded. We have a few neighbors, but it's far enough away from the city to still be close but not, you know, not super close. So it's not, I don't know, still feels kind of in the middle of nowhere, But not like Michigan where we live. We'd have to drive like 35, 40 minutes just to go to the grocery store. And that got to be a pain in the butt. And especially in the winter because they're like, man, I really need milk. You know, you can go to the gas station or something. It was way overpriced. So to go to like walmart or they admire their uh, instead of like name gives you guys, you guys just have like Albertsons and stuff like that. I think they cook down, right? Are they still going?
So like that? You know, we have to drive like 35 or 40 minutes and then Back 35, 40 minutes. Like insane.
We'd buy for like two weeks at a time or something like that. So we'd buy a bunch of, at a time, but it'll be worth it because we want to have to leave, especially in the winter. But here it's like 20, it's like 15, 20 minutes. So not that bad. Yeah.
traffic. Probably
when
my last october my sister
got married and I think it was, where was it? Is it sacramento is either sacramento or san Francisco. I don't remember which one I gotta mix up cause I'm not from there. But
anyway, I flew down there, flew over and visited her and we spent so much time in traffic because obviously this was before Covid and I think I flew into one of them and then we drove from there to an Airbnb and then next day I drove like an hour into the city, so she'd get married and then like we're just driving so much like this is terrible. There are so many people. I mean I see the appeal because California is so beautiful and I've never seen such like a diverse group of people and like different types of people. And it's so funny because like in the midwest it's so different. Like say you walk down the street and you see someone, I don't know, let's say like purple hair, like it's becoming more and more normal, you know, like millennials or all that kind of stuff because I love the freedom of speech and freedom of like style and everyone is expecting mostly when you're younger, but you have someone walk down the street with purple hair in a small town, midwestern town, people are gonna like stare and you're like, what the hell? You know, I just so weird. But in California, like I know this is super generalized, but you know, just example, like they want the street don't even bat an eye because just you know, just different hair. I don't know. You know
I love.
like the bigger
things.
interested. I think it's so cool because I love saying, oh I hate like when everyone looks the same, you know, it's boring but
interesting.
interesting. The one
thing I don't like about California's how expensive it is. I couldn't believe it. I mean obviously you get paid more so than the cost of living goes up. But man, even gas. I could believe gas. Like I think here it's like 220 on the Illinois side but it's like Barees $2 on the Iowa side. And my sister was like, girl looks like $5 or something like that. Like
what? For God. That's insane.
I can definitely see the appeal of like riding bikes if you're in an area that, you know where the commute time isn't that long, Especially now because of Covid, but man.
true
banning.
Oh, gas cars. Okay, I was going to be paneling.
That's awesome.
That's super cool. I
wonder
if you're going to have like plug in the station. I mean, I'm
sure they have them around there right? Like
more and more.
That's so cool. Yeah.
That's awesome. Yeah,
that's what I like the most. That's so cool. It's
like you even hear him coming and he's like,
that's awesome. Well around here there's a lot of uh midwestern guys that like their big diesel trucks, which is super bad for the environment, like smelling like a mile away and you can hear them like a mile away to
I'm selling my husband. I'm like, it's like the 2020 year old midwestern guy mating call. Just like around it
sounds like a crotch rocket or something. But yeah
I guess if it works it works. But yeah, I
don't know some places like I could see where like biking
and stuff would be easier, you know, especially if you live in town. But yeah electric
cars, how far do they make it on one charge usually,
that's super cool. Wait
text
tassels
around here every once in a while but not like anything crazy way.
Well
that's so weird. I when I met my now husband when we were dating we met at it's called Iowa State University. So it's like I don't know if you ever heard of it but like the Cyclones and stuff but that college is really good engineering college. So there was a lot of like chinese students and stuff like that and they'd have I mean most of them would walk and take the bus but they'd have like some of them would have really expensive cars and then when they left when they're done with school they don't want to bring it with them so then they try to sell it so at the end of the year like there'd be so much stuff like that but I mean I was never in the market obviously but
you just
need to see
But
they.
boo
huh. That's so weird. I may not weird if you like you like it but. Mhm. I don't know I can't imagine spending that much but
so you don't have any kids or anything like that. No.
five a 5 year old and an almost three year old.
Yeah it's not time right now.
Uh Yeah, exciting. Kind of crazy fine. You definitely not never get bored but then you're like never really had a chance to really sit down. So like it was funny when I was picking the times for this. I literally this was the only day that was like maybe like a one and then all the rest of time like probably like nine PM at night till like 9 45 okay let's do the one, I'm like okay I'll make
it
work.
Yeah well they're sleeping
in the morning, oh yeah in the morning, you know
dang. Yeah. That's
that's funny when I when I lived in michigan, it was for some reason michigan is on the eastern time zone and that's when my sister like just movie California, so it's a three hour time difference. So I'd be like hey can we talk? And she's like I'm just waking up and be like she's like can you talk like sort of like 12 am here and I'm going to bed so like so hard to talk to her but just the hour you know I mean to our difference isn't any easier but it's a little easier. Oh.
wow.
It's probably
easier to message three mhm because I can get it to go faster. Mhm
that's cute but so does like your whole family lived there like I mean like your opinion probably
but that's not it's not too far
I mean because California is like how far am I like to drive is it?
Oh they're probably not like right by the border? Okay.
that's why
you sound
different Yeah
it's not too bad you can do it in like a day but
that's good.
okay
scary
sort of like in uh like northern California? Right
interesting.
So if they fly over they can't see them right
smart.
No.
getting well
I'm
proud
of
your expensive
how?
No you make, excuse me
never
mind. Pretty but not that pretty. Yeah wow
that's insane.
yes
seriously
want to know how much did you cut avocados for some reason It's a weird thing.
Yeah I don't mind it doesn't really taste like really anything I like the consistency though it like smooth. Yeah I would try to test it so like it only happened after I had my daughter she because she's almost three I don't know how this happened. Apparently can happen to your body but trying to eat it. And then I start getting like a scratchy throat again
and
whatever
and I try to eat it again and then like I had trouble breathing and then tried again and it felt like my my throat was closing because I wanted to
I wanted to test it, you know like make sure it was avocados, it's really like go. And I was like maybe if I just take one bite, like yeah this is not working but like maybe just
I feel like I don't know how that
happened. But apparently as you age you can develop different allergies. So yeah, look out.
And
you
never
know until it happens.
Well, you know, ever since I was, well basically, ever since I was born there's been like a cat, at least one cat in my house at any given time. And we have three right now because We adopted him, 2011, they're brother and sister. And then one was a stray that we took in like forever ago for the longest time, I was fine. And once we moved, I think it was our old house here in Illinois. Uh I started getting like really scratchy eyes, like itchy eyes, scratchy throat and like weird itchy like ears or whatever. And turns out, I think I developed an allergy to the cats, they're not, my dog is fine, but to the cats, and I was like, well they're getting old, so that probably, I mean this is kind of morbid that they probably die within the next few years anyways. And like
we're gonna just take allergy medicine because my kids love them too. And so if we got rid of them, I think they'd be really sad. So I don't know maybe I have like
a weak immune
system or something and I
just.
That's good.
true
that's insane. That sounds like a cat detector like a magic power or something. That's so funny mm I don't think our time is up. Oh
yeah it was nice talking to you right that went way faster and I thought do we? Okay wait didn't say we exit out on here
the
survey?
That was awesome. It was nice to meet you
happen in California.
Thanks