tripping shoots. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, mm hmm. And then you can, you know your body. Mm. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's how you might think do it. Right. Yeah. People, yeah. Mm. Oh. Mm hmm. Um uh Okay. Oh, okay. Mm hmm. It's my first. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. No. Mm hmm. Yes. Yeah. Come on.
I just had another child open. Yeah.
I heard, I heard, I heard someone come on. But I didn't, I couldn't see you play such shots. What's
your,
you don't, huh? I've been doing this since I think they started maybe like early summer. Yeah. I've done it with like, Let's say like around five people. Yeah.
25 minutes. Yeah. But honestly it goes by a lot faster than you'd expect.
like, well, it just depends. Okay. Like the last, the last one I did, the person that I was partnered with, he worked at a uh, at an art gallery in Seattle, I think it was. And he, so he was in charge of handling like really expensive art. So he was just talking about that the whole entire time. So,
but then I've had somewhere I talked most of the time. So it just depends. It
honestly
just
depends.
I'm from California.
I'm in southern California.
Southern California.
northern
California. Yeah, it's really nice.
Mm hmm. We don't really have any what we did actually have here, some southern California, but down mostly gone. You
can go outside and actually breathe way
far away. What do you guys have over there?
What
do you guys have holder? Like
you guys get hit by like, I don't know. Hmm.
Well,
we do get this quick. It was actually one a couple weeks ago.
but
it was it, no, but it's weird. It's, it's just like the weirdest thing
they
don't journey.
It
just happens that some
are big,
some are small. Yeah.
You never know how big it is. I don't know.
Okay. It's super weird. But I mean it's not that bad but
I mean
once the big one hits it'll be bad. But
no
it hasn't.
all
the time. Uh huh.
All the time.
But I think even if it was a big one, I mean unless I was inside of a really big building I guess then I would be scared. But like those inside my house I wouldn't be scared because I've been in uh there's museums here in L. A. That that have like earthquake simulations so you get placed in a room and then they'll tell you like, oh this is a one At one point a magazine to
you know what to expect. And the big ones, I mean like you're just like you just like stand still and then you can, you're like shaking but it's not. Uh
that would be scared. But at my house, yeah, we'll be scared now. I wouldn't be scared. Not
here.
My
dog,
my dog would probably be scared, but that's about it. Hmm
Boy,
But he gets scared of fireworks. They've been, I don't know if it's because of the pandemic, but there's been fireworks pretty regularly since even before 4th of July.
Yeah. I know. I don't know their illegal here. I don't care what you have, but they're illegal
here. Yeah. And
Look at me.
Hold on.
Shit.
Yeah, probably because is it easy for you guys to get fireworks? So they
mm. It's
for us.
For us. You have to drive down to Mexico. Yeah.
And
then,
Um they're legal. I think it's legal in the state, but it's not like it's pretty much burned out I think until maybe central California. Yeah,
it
varies by county, but, but most counties down here, since it's really easy to start a fire, that's super easy. Okay.
Yeah, it's way too easy to start a fire here. Uh,
true.
I think that's what happened to,
yeah. Or cigarette buds. That's it. Way too easy because
I always
sorry.
bound. That sounds
like
our
laws
Right now. It's in the high 90s. Yeah.
Yeah. But I mean it gets to wait a lot. This is the first summer where we had air conditioning system inside of my house before then we were just dealing out,
This fence,
Yeah, I just put the fan on you. But It's hot sometimes because they can get the highest, they've got this somewhere with maybe 121.
Yeah, it stays hot.
It's hard.
can say you wouldn't be able to,
I mean
it was
But
yeah, I lived here my
whole life. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you lived when you're really the whole life for
it?
cholera.
huh.
That's true.
Welcome
back.
What?
Uh They're still going,
So do you guys just have to buy like huge amounts of food or?
yeah, I drive like that much just to it's a restaurant. No, no, I'm not saying like I'm like really far away, but just to go to like a specific,
yeah, yeah, yeah, there's just way too much traffic,
I mean
if
And
you're
definitely in san Francisco then, Yeah.
You sure?
Yeah, if you don't know because I've been in san Francisco, like maybe like 12 in the morning on the part which is there a subway system, subway, but just charlie charlie's and yeah, you see you see a lot of things like a lot of diversity there.
Oh yeah, you will definitely find it,
yeah, and even then the style from, if you go from the barrier to hear the style is just so much different and then it's still diverse. It's still diverse, but it's just so much different. Yeah.
It's
don
it is, yeah.
I mean that's why electric cars are so popular here to do.
Then it's gonna there, I don't know if you've heard in the news, but they're gonna They're banning them after 20,
penny.
So we're all gonna go, no matter what we're all going to go into towards electric.
Mhm
I don't
know.
What?
We
do.
but we'll see. I think my next is probably gonna end up being electric. Yeah. Yeah,
I mean, they they're really quiet. They're socked
because I almost got run over.
Yeah, you can't Yeah. And then they accelerate really fast like yeah like my car like I have to like press down and then it will go but that is just a little bit and it just goes the torque is instant. Yeah. Mhm.
Held down.
I mean
if they get girls and I mean it's working.
Yeah.
Good.
Mhm.
It just depends depends on All right. Yeah. But I mean I think the highest is partly a tesla and it's maybe to be 103 50. Mhm.
But it's
enough
to get here.
Yeah. I mean what I was gonna say mostly I mean you'll see temples here, you'll see every type of career because I don't even know there I live next to a university and I don't know if you know this but in there's been just so much uh chinese students that have started calling to California universities and they're all like crazy rich strong. You see some part Yeah, you see some really expensive colleges
cat describing down.
I don't Oh yeah,
I
don't know. Mhm.
The
style is crazy because they like to splurge and uh there's definitely lots of stories here that that's willing to say, so I'm like like Louis Vuitton or Gucci, they
were they love wearing all that stuff.
But
No kids, No. Do you have any kids? Oh, you said you had, this is yeah.
Yeah. Kind of uh
it must be exciting,
when
they're
sleeping,
What's one where you're at? It's 11:30 year.
Yeah I just welcome. It's like it just woke up
I'm opening this.
I don't know it's uh because my family is in Mexico and they it's uh what I think it's also the hour time difference. Mhm.
Yeah but I will see this message I don't really uh recall. Yeah.
My spanish.
my spanish isn't the best of the best in the world but so we will see this. Well I mean my spanish is service all but we communicate a lot in uh mots and just yeah
I was gonna say maybe 70% of my family lives in Mexico and the 30% of your. Yes yeah.
What
to drive to see them or to drive to Mexico? Two.
they're like in the middle I'd
like to write a little. Yeah. So we go from period of Tijuana would be maybe about two hours. Which is the border of Mexico which is border san Diego. And then from there the flight would take a thing about five hours. But it's because we're going like three hours
into.
then that takes us to Guadalajara. And then from there we drive to the track and that takes about two hours. Mhm.
Yeah you can do it in the day But
we we start off like at 1:00 AM so that we get we get there during the day because it's not safe to be there at night. Yeah
because where my family lives at is Michoacan and it's one of the most violent states violence states in Mexico because
it's it's a really diverse state. Like there is junk like forest areas, there's like desert areas, and then there's like there's a beach, but since the forest is so dense, that's where they grow uh their marijuana plantations because they can hide it underneath the teeth, the trees.
Yeah.
They do the same thing over there too. They'll hide them, they'll hide them underneath the trees in northern California.
they can't see them.
Yeah. But they're pushing all their money though to avocados. Has the only the only city that I've the only yeah, the only city I've ever felt poor in Mexico is uh the city called good Weapon is in
michigan and that's where they grow all the avocados. So that's where you see like avocado plantations and they they, I think they model them after like um like tobacco plantations here or or or or climb plantations in the south, where they have like those those houses that have like the like the greek colors and stuff like that. Yeah. But
there
you
feel
support.
Mhm. Your show porn
to a store and I asked the Australian price to buy something for my girlfriend at the time and I was like, oh how much is the stress? And the lady was like 0600. And I said Sauce and she said no because 600 persons would be maybe like about $30. But it was $600. U. S. Dollars.
I can't afford this. You're
looking.
Yeah.
But yeah.
I should actually call carl. That's that's not
like that.
do you like the taste there? All right.
So
my
heart
wake up.
god. Oh my god.
But
that's scary. That's gay. Did
you
just
eat?
Okay. Oh my god. Yeah. I don't know, I'm scared now.
And
that's
it.
I
have had a cat allergy but and we have cats but I just I feel like I've I've hit as much of a tolerant I guess as I could. So I don't I don't see it as much as I used to.
Yeah, I used to see his way like Like I would be able to spot a cat maybe like like I see like 15ft away without even seeing him. I would just start sneezing.
Like hardcore sneezing. No. Yeah, hardcore sneezing and um so
What was I talking to?
Yeah. So you just exit out and then you go back to the page and
then
one time the page yeah, you just hit the little arrow on the bottom, right? Mhm. Mhm.
Yes, that's really
yeah. Yeah. Have fun with your stuff.