Hello.
How you doing?
Say like that. I'm fine. Sound like the connection is not too good. How's my
picture?
That's a little blurry. But I can see you yeah. Where are you from?
Uh From California? From L. A. Yeah.
Is that right? Yeah.
So is it hot there?
Oh y'all got the good weather then.
Yeah, that's usually Ella's whether we've been hot, it's been very very hot.
At the
moment.
All right. Yeah, they're going through it right now and the baby, you know, they're going through it, you know, the baby is kind of rough right now. I was just watching on the news that I currently stay in the high desert, so it's even hotter than L. A. But uh I was down there the whole weekend and it was
it was hot. It's normally hot. Not hot like that. It was even hot at the beach. Usually the beaches, the coolest spot where other than the mountains, but the beaches was hot at the beach. That was pretty much at the beach all weekend.
Mhm. Good morning.
Report
on
come here. Oh, yeah. That's that's that's low desert. That's hot. Low desert is hot. But Death Valley is considered the hottest place on the planet. So that's kind of extreme. 1 30. Yes. It's pretty rough. I could 1 30 is rough. Yeah. Yeah, But at least that, Yeah. That's crazy. You stole our weather. That's what we're seeing. Like our city switched, I think has been in the nineties though. I don't know. I know. It's just super hot. Hmm.
Yeah. Has there been any humidity though? Still with the 80 degrees?
All
All
We've been having a little bit of humidity. Were known for not having any humidity, which is crazy. It's a trivial picture just disappeared. This has got a picture of a profile and some headphones in the right corner and when you speak it pops up green out of the right corner.
Yeah, I can hear you. That's why I say, every time you speak a little green light pops up, you know, And I can see the bars, it looks like you have. Uh, I don't know. It's weird. It's like the what will be the longest bars like halfway and then the the uh the rest of the bar is a fool. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, Probably guess so. Yeah. You know, so, Yeah. But, uh, so how is everything else going there? How's the Springfield? Pretty mild or what calm? What?
Your
people came back,
No.
Is uh so it has it hasn't, you haven't had any of the unrest that's been in Chicago and under that it hasn't spilled over.
No.
so
are you closer
to East
ST louis?
Okay. So you moved from Missouri? Okay, so Springfield is a little bit better than I know ST louis can get kinda kinda hectic at times.
No,
no.
you
know.
mm. Half
an hour. Huh? Yeah. That's crazy. I just had some
last night in Long beach. Matter of fact, I just had some last night
on my way home.
I don't know, it's so uh well there's so many, it's kind of it's kind of your job in L. A.
It's kind of I don't know, it's kind of hard to decide because it's so big. It's so spread out. It's very very a lot of people don't realize how big it is. So I don't know it's a it's a lot of spots. You know, it's not, it's probably I guess I would have to pick some of the places that are not. Um how do you say uh as popular you know? Uh it's what they like in and out in and out is good, you know in and out burgers.
Yeah. Yeah. In and out is good. Different. It's certain certain mexican spots that are like, I don't know, I like so much. So many different types of food because my mother raised us on everything. So we, you know, I just had a sushi in a nice, I forget the name of the spot but it was in Rancho cucamonga. That was real good about a month and a half ago. I really liked, you know, so
I don't know. It's kind of hard. I have to think on it. I don't know because my arranged goes so far. Sometimes I want seafood, sometimes I want mexican food. Uh you know um
burgers
and all the stuff comes back. Huh?
Yeah.
I guess I guess it would change over time. You never know.
Oh yeah korean barbecue and things like that. Yeah they have a lot of bars and restaurants there there. I used to get you know what we're
really you would like you probably would like you can subscribe to Los Angeles magazine and they speak about a lot of stuff like I used to get a few years ago and you just like I want to write things down and keep things uh because they have a lot of food specials and things like that. Like they had one that was on uh
all the different different ethnic restaurants like everything just outside of the normal asian restaurants, you know like so far as like Filipino restaurants and places out of the Middle East and uh
Oh yeah, but you never know how city of change because my other my second home is Nashville Tennessee and
Yeah, yeah, Nashville when I used when I used to live there and like the times that I used to live there when I was younger, when I went to school out there or whatever, they didn't have any restaurants and now they have everything, they didn't have any like they didn't have any restaurants like that, they you know, it's basically mostly what's franchises and now you know they just have everything. Yeah.
Well
I haven't been there, haven't been there in a while, I'm planning, I want to go soon, My sister is going next month, she's going next month, I haven't been in a while. Let's see. That's why our father, our father is from uh Tennessee so we kind of bounce back and forth between those two cities but where me and my mother and all of us were from L. A. So you know it's kind of like, you know. Yeah but I haven't been in a long time. I want to I want to go myself see how it's changed. It's gotten very expensive from when I used to be out. There is it's grown a lot.
is that right?
Oh that's right yeah.
yeah
that's
Now this that's that's crazy you know? Because I never knew until I think KFC came out with it. I never knew they were known for that. I remember once I saw at me I saw a uh uh there was a show used to be called David Taylor I think. Used to come on E. B. E. T. Network back in the day and he used to go to different cities. He was called up all night and you just go and do things all night cities. And he was in Nashville and he went to a a place called Prince's Chicken. And uh
yeah yeah and they were talking
about it. So I was around some, remember I saw it? I talked to some guys from Nashville and they were like oh yeah, they were trying to explain to me where it was because I had never heard of it and I've been going there my whole life. But you know, I I kind of forgot about it then when the whole hot chicken craze came out. I didn't even know they were known for Hot Chicken. You know,
I mean,
I
didn't I didn't even I didn't even know that, but yeah, it's it's I think it's probably one of the most expensive cities in the south now right now.
They had.
Yeah, and housing,
the
housing market
is a boom out there and things like.
Yeah, it kind of tripped me out. Like I was, I have a one of my cousins is a real talent there and have her on instagram facebook and instagram. And I was saying that uh she was shown
within the last month month, the average home sales and how long they took the sale and things like that. And I was seeing the numbers, I was like, wow. But it, you know, it trips me out the prices. But at the same token, those houses
are really nice sized homes, I'm pretty sure it's like in the midwest in L. A. Houses aren't really that big. Like, you know, people that have big homes, but uh
on average, a lot of people, a lot of the homes are not really that big. A lot of the lots are not really that big because there's nothing like even here when I'm in the hot desert, it's nothing yet for a person to have like a two bedroom, one bath house under 1000 square feet. Yeah, I mean
like,
probably. D characterizes.
Yeah, the houses are not that big a cause so like the same houses then in Nashville is selling for like 506 100,000, you know, they'll be like over a million here. Some instances two million. Cause some of those homes are like 2500 square feet to 3000 square feet, you know? And so they would be way more, you know uh you know, in in Los Angeles, you know? Uh especially in the Bay debate is ridiculous. It doesn't make any sense.
That's just get
the
baby.
The baby.
Hello?
For what? What? What? That's ridiculous. I know like a 32 or three bedroom two bath. I think it's like, I know a few years ago it's like over 3000 was like 32 or something. 30 for, I don't know, something like that. No,
I don't
know,
Yeah. They always run neck and neck with new york. He must have he must have at least four bedrooms or something. At least you know, at least has three,
wait
Oh yeah, we want to like one big burrito. Huh?
Yeah, they do have some, they have some up there then it's another one is famous in san Diego and you have a few famous in L. A. Yeah I had a friend one time he's from
and he was telling me he's hispanic, he's he's Middle Eastern hispanic. And uh he was telling me he said he was telling me the first time he came to Los Angeles and he was like uh someone talk about the and he was like uh let me get two burritos and he was like oh you want two of them? He's like yeah and he was like
He said he got um you know they're like gigantic like you know, inches long and
he's a heavyset guy. So you know they kind of shocked him like he couldn't you know he couldn't eat it all. He's like oh my God. You know? Yeah.
There uh Yeah I think I know what you're talking about, that place yeah, frisco Yeah,
here, so you ever been to frisco?
how far is ST louis in in Springfield? Not to cut you off, because I've heard the midwest is supposed to be the most affordable and it's kind of hard to imagine what the south because the south is so cheap, you know what I mean? So it's like
What?
Yeah. How many years ago was this? Yeah.
Good Lord. How
many people
in that? Simple?
Mhm.
Right.
You have heard that?
Lord.
Oh my goodness, I was just with my sister last night and when she was preparing to bring me home and uh she had to get gas and she was thinking like oh she was complaining because like one spot was like 3 35 and nothing was like 3 28 you know? She was like, oh man, that's crazy. Yeah. But see California, we kind of have a problem because it's kind of weird because they keep trying to do studies and wire gases are so high because we produce gasoline. But one of the problems is I think it's because of the special blend we have for the environment
for the air because they have a special blend in California is only in California.
Yes, it's nowhere, it's like nowhere else, you know? So it's like a certain, you know for the air because you know L. A. Has always known for the smog and things like that. So uh and that's been on one of the only good things about Covid is like they were showing pictures of like downtown L.
A. Like you know, like a year ago and like now, so like a year ago, they might show a picture from like uh maybe from like let's say from the Hollywood hills facing downtown and like, you know, you can see the buildings but it's kind of hazy. But now like you can see everything because nobody was driving driving like that, you know what I mean? So yeah, I don't know, man. So hopefully we get through this pretty soon, man, this is I don't know. Every it's a shame. I don't know this damn time. Everything is a debate is uh draw your line in the sand and I don't know. I just I just I just I just want to just get through it so we get back to normal, you know what I mean?
Do you feel as if it's been extended by you know uh where it should have been taken care of by now? Do you feel like you just, what do you think? Yeah.
I want that.
What?
God.
Yeah South Korea was the same thing I've seen. They just just the numbers just went back up, they showed them disinfecting the streets, I don't know how effective that will be but uh hey I guess it's been proactive you know? But uh I just have a person a
female that I play scrabble with and she's in the Bahamas and she just said told me like two days ago that they just uh put them back on lockdown like they can't even go to the grocery store, they gave him a number to call if you need food. Yeah it's a trip so I don't know I just I just I just think that I don't know everything is a fight nowadays. I think the country is really divided in the sense that you can't really agree on anything. Every everything has been a lot of drawing to san and I think we're all you know being punished for you know uh instead of just coming to a decision just just sacrificing and you know doing we have to do and getting past it, you know.
sacrifice.
but everyone just get on the same page. Yeah. You still have frat storm parties and oh my goodness, it's
ridiculously
it's
ridiculous. Party. Get past it.
huh.
Yeah.
Yeah I stayed home, I'm going out some but I haven't like I've gone to uh
like I went to the beach over the weekend. You know, everyone would spread out. I went to Long Beach and walks and then I went to santa Monica and got in the water and all that. And
then
the next
Yeah, exactly, exactly. You know what I mean? Like even like in
and
when I went to Long Beach, because we're on the walk on the boardwalk, you know, we wore a mask. Me and my two sisters wore a mask.
And uh and the same thing. I went hiking in the Hollywood Hills. Uh
what's today, Wednesday? I went, I think monday. I went monday after I believe it was you went hiking monday. And uh you know, we wore a mask and we would spread out the whole way like you can go up to the Hollywood Reservoir and it's a it's a track that goes around it takes three, it's three miles around it. it's like a big loop, right? So uh it follows the water. So um we went my sister and my sister, you know, we passed people a few times, sometimes we got lapped, you know? Uh but we wore masks the whole time. We had guys on those uh, you know, motorized skateboards, they wore masks by theirselves, uh a father and daughters riding bikes and they wore a mask, you know? So yeah. But uh yeah, as far as like uh then I've gotten the chance to a chance to eat out. I went to the California, fish and grill about a month and a half ago. And uh you know, eight hours, eight hours because there was an outdoor dining, a lot of places outdoor dining. So I did that, you know, a matter of fact, I ate, I ate at a restaurant uh a few days ago at a restaurant in Long Beach. Yeah cool barbecue place called Lucille's. It was good, I ate some fish and and uh fishing catfish and shrimp. Yeah and it was it was you know it was outdoors, you know what I mean? It was cool, it was nice, you know uh just gotta do it responsibly as far as like parties and things like that. No, I don't think so, yeah, I
don't think.
Yeah it's been so many people throwing mansion parties here, they've been getting in trouble, the mayor just decided to cut off of mansions uh power today in the Hollywood Hills. They got cited, they warn them a few days ago if you keep doing it, you know this
is what we're gonna do and uh you know I have a friend, he does it, he won't stop because he makes money doing it, you know he throws it those mentioned parties so
you know it's just
huh.
correct.
Yeah I think one thing about human nature is the follower following the following jean following just because somebody else is doing something, one of the dumbest things ever. Yeah, it doesn't make any sense, that's just ridiculous. What
trump.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah I mean you need it, that's a good thing, you need, it's probably some people closer together, some people families and things like that, you know some people yeah because you know like I went to a baby shower, you know people had I had to go to a thing for one of my relatives that passed a few weeks ago
and as soon as I walked in the house yeah yeah. Thank you. My my her mother was first put your mask on, she was a media put your mask off, you know, even though it's all family, you know what I mean? So their family mask on the same thing. I went to a baby shower a few days ago, you know, same side of the family, you know, warm ass standing outside in the backyard, you know, remains is what it is and just try to, you know, section off and
you know,
stay kind of far apart
or whatever. But uh yeah, I don't know. I don't know man. I hopefully hopefully get through this man, not the new normal. Uh I don't know. It's just ridiculous. It's, it's a crazy time we're living in where nobody can agree on anything.
I don't
know.
it has because I do real estate and it's may, it's a trip. It's kind of, it's like an unforeseen effect. A lot of people. For some reason the housing market is hot all around the country has created a bubble and I'm an investor. So it's made it where I basically can't buy, um, I can't buy, you know, houses that I need, you know, because I like buying and renting. So it's made that difficult just about impossible real. Like for instance, I was just had a house. I was I had uh I had a deal on a few weeks ago and I lost it because somebody came in and paid them $30,000 over the asking over what I was going to pay him. And on top of that, the crazy thing is that when I'm when I was buying this house, I was given the person their price that they wanted, but I was giving them more than the house was worth. But
it was going to be done in a way where to deal with structure where I could afford to do that and I can still profit by buying the house in that fashion. So in the midst of us negotiating over the course of a month the house caught up to the price that the guy wanted and actually exceeded exceeded the price. So the house went from like 1 80 let's say 100 80,000 all the way up to like 265,000. He sold it for 2 55.
Yeah and I was giving them to 25 you know what I mean? So it's that's kind of like it's like a bubble right now. It's kind of it's kind of like the pre recession how it was. So that's been the effect. It's kind of like it's make me have to just sit back and just wait and there's not a lot of houses on the market and then like I said, I was seeing what my cousin was saying in Nashville about how hot the market was out there, you know, it's you know, it's not a good time to buy, it's a good time to flip if you're in the flipping, you know? But uh yeah it's still it's that is still speculation because you have to time it just right, you can never time the market like when it's going to reach the peak or when it's going to crash and and that's kind of like I just I'm just sitting back right now just waiting. I mean like if I can lock them up on contract at the right price, I will and then I'll sell the contract, but I'm just you're just making me just basically just kick back right now. I live off of savings you know? That's it. Yeah. Yeah because it's uh I don't know it's weird everyone thought it would be deals but everybody is a buyer's market. I mean it's a seller's market right now but it's gonna crash sometimes. So. Uh huh.
Yes a bubble. It's a bubble. And in this house I'm speaking of this is a two bedroom two bath 975 square feet.
a
little bit health. Yeah. Whoa. And I was gonna I was gonna expand. I was gonna take like maybe take the garage and either make it a third bedroom. I was gonna make it a studio you know I mean I was gonna redo it so you know and able to justify the income you know and things like that and how it be valued. But yeah it's crazy right now man. But it's gonna be a lot of opportunity for me soon. Maybe within the next six months. I don't know. But we uh we got like we got like 30 minutes and so you know we've been in our chat. It's nice speaking.
Yeah take care,
stay, stay safe. It seems like you got a level head and you know what to do so stay safe and stay in your thoughts. Okay. All right.