mhm. Okay. Yeah, you're right. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm. He has gone.
Okay. How are you?
isn't
it? Yours is good house mine.
So I'm from Illinois, are you from?
I think most of the people at this before, most of the people I've talked to have been from California actually.
Yeah.
So it's crazy where I am, other kind of by Springfield. Um So pretty close to the Mississippi, so there's like a lot of humidity and uh normally be like 100, but It's been like 80s the past week for whatever reason.
I know it's it's the first time in like 10 years. It's pretty rad.
Yeah, I've got a friend who lives up in the bay and uh yeah, he's been saying between all the fires and everything
that
yeah, an update.
World
Yeah. I felt I couldn't do that. Like I don't do well with the heat like at all. Like I like the dead of winter, like 20° for whatever reason. And
like Death
Valley is
like crazy to me.
Yeah. No it's it's been a welcome change. Uh So right now I have a temp job and I'm working for the census, so I'm like walking around a lot outside. And uh had it have been 100 degrees, I probably would have resigned by now because I could not deal with that. But it's made it a little. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean we still get some because
we're close to the Mississippi but not as bad as usual. Like the time has happened since
I was a kid. Crazy. Mhm.
You know this happened once before. It must be my internet connection. Can you still hear me?
That's it's happened to me once before though, so maybe it's my connection.
I mean it's like it's pretty laid back and
pretty
okay. I mean it's pretty uh I don't know, imagine like a midwestern city and
that's, you know, that's pretty much it. Yeah.
Uh nothing like that were like three hours south, but X approach. I mean, you know, we've had some like
normal stuff, but we haven't you think outrageous I guess. I don't know.
I
never
want.
Mhm. Well actually I just moved from ST louis not too long ago. Um We're like two hours North ST Louis.
I miss it though, man, I could
walk
50 ft and get take euros, seven days a week. Now I
have
I have to have to drive half an hour, you know? Okay.
Yeah.
Number,
what
what are your favorite food spots in L. A. Mhm,
No, I haven't.
Always want to try.
You're dead.
That's
the point.
That's what I miss about city lives, like how things are lower around here. But I miss the food the most. Yeah. For sure.
I want to.
Yeah. Yeah. I wanna I mean I'm sure I'll go to L. A. Someday. I really want to try some of the korean stuff.
Where?
No.
Yeah. It's red.
Oh yeah. I love Nashville.
like uh every time I go
to Nashville I go to that place uh the pharmacy. That burger place.
Yes. It's I'll say that Nashville is where every bachelor party in the midwest always goes now. Or Bachelor.
Bachelorette. Bachelorette. Yeah.
Yeah they all they always go to Nashville apparently. Uh
I don't know,
I've gotten hooked on hot chicken since going and I'd like to make it at home
yeah Princess is great
and
come
on
man.
I would yeah
I would say
there's a
there's
like
think. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah like even like getting an Air B. But there is crazy compared to other places. Yeah.
Everything.
Sorry?
What?
I feel
like. Mhm. There's uh there's a so I'm really big into woodworking and uh there's a lot of guys on Youtube who have woodworking channels that I watch And I would say like 95% of them are out in like L. A. or Arizona because um the humidity is pretty stagnant out there so it's not going to work the wood. But anyway, you see all their shops and their garages and they all have like lots and like small houses pretty consistently. They're always trouble.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah some of them are not all of them, but they're always talking about trying to maximize their space. Yeah.
That's
my
best
blood,
he lives out there and his
wife is a data scientist, one of those tech companies. But uh yeah, I couldn't believe it when he said there are monthly rent was like nine Grand or something like that. Yeah.
don't
know.
I think you're like right in like the heart of the business detective, so it's probably a huge premium on it.
I don't know.
It's uh well I was actually gonna go visit him uh you know I was looking like the mission style burrito. Yeah.
Yeah. You know the ones that are famous san Francisco? Yeah.
Good. What?
Well. Mhm.
that's right
There.
Secret.
No like I was planning on going and then Covid just totally um kind of put my plans through the ringer so I uh I'm gonna go at some point. There's a lot of places I want to go but.
man. It's crazy. So town where I went to school? Yeah Kirksville Missouri my senior year I lived in a three bedroom, three bathroom with the front and back yard and a front and back porch and had a part right next to it. And it was Built
in like 19 late 80s, so pretty modern. 4 75 months.
That have been 2013. Yeah.
Well
just
different. Mhm.
Mhm.
There's just two of us. I had had one roommate, we had, You know, three bathrooms, insane. And uh yeah, I don't know, there's some places in the midwest that are real cheap for sure.
Mhm. Yeah. I mean like when the covid stuff started happening, there was Maybe three weeks where gas was like $1.29. Yeah, it got
real low. Yeah.
What?
Ah I didn't know that.
Well.
I mean, I feel like, I don't know, I, at first I didn't think it was gonna be this long and now I feel like it's gonna, it's gonna be like through winter, I don't know, it's like flu season stuff.
I mean look at New Zealand, they just shut the country down and they like hate everyone to stay home and like they have no cases
granted they're on lockdown so they didn't take anything in
and like their borders were closed and you know, they're an island. But I mean that's, you know, the country functioning as a
living organism made up of a lot of people and a lot of different things. They shut it down entirely and it contained itself in a matter of weeks. Like I mean granted were enormous compared to New Zealand, but it shows that it can be done. Mhm.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that, you know, New Zealand is a great example if everyone was willing to just,
you know, and I mean it doesn't matter the size if everyone does. It is, you know, vigilant about doing it. It shows it can be done.
Yeah, I know.
It's,
I,
I saw a
really good mean for it. Um, there was uh,
same kids that always were leaders in groups next back in school are the ones who follow the rules and are now getting punished. Yeah. You know, like, I feel like I, I stayed home actually, I never took the lead projects, but I stayed home and now it's still, you know, it's still happening. I don't know.
Yeah.
You
can do
it responsibly. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Mhm.
Okay.
It
works on Memorial Day, those pictures. Mhm.
All
I
remember we're seeing a thing about college is thrown covid parties where would be like yeah
the first person to get it is all the money that everyone puts into enter like like peak
stupidity. I couldn't believe it was real. Yeah but
there's one thing that quarantine has made me
it's uh that's all right
quarantines. Maybe Elizabeth follower I just you know had it's just been me and my thoughts.
circular.
What
happened?
Get
What
do
you got it has it affected your your work situation? Yeah.
What?
Ban.
That that definitely seems likely.
Yeah. That's mhm
modest.
Far out
you too ma'am,