Yeah, I can hear you. Give me a sec here. Um Can you hear me okay? Okay.
You know it's funny, I can see you the whole time. I just couldn't get my
I
wasn't exactly
playing
catch. I was trying to get my audio and video to work. I've been on the whole time. I just couldn't get it to work, so. All right, Governor.
Not at all.
All
I talked to myself all day. That's all right.
I'm Ryan by the way.
Just
we're about
in the country.
I'm over in Chicago. Yeah.
Okay. Just north northwest,
Okay. Gotcha.
Yeah,
southeast. Okay. I got a buddy.
That's
fine.
Did you get
okay? All right. I got a buddy that's from near there somewhere. I just can't remember the name of the town, but crab
kind
of times. Yeah. So how many one on 1 side? How many miles outside Indianapolis? Mhm. Yeah.
Do you do the whole like
little indie thing there? He
used to talk about used to say a lot of locals that it's really more for the tourist kind of thing than than locals, but during during the college years they went a couple times I've had a good time doing it. Uh Are you from the area, yep.
No no actually I was born in uh in phoenix and spent.
A
reposition here and see I may be having any better. Yeah.
Good.
I was
born
born and raised in phoenix And Live There
1st.
Yeah. 27 years of my life and never liked it, never liked the brown, never liked the cactus lack water. Uh So when I was about 27 I went to uh first place I left I went to ST louis stayed there for a little while, went out to northern California for a bit back to Arizona, and then left.
Yeah, I left Arizona finally, for the last time when I was about 30 and went to Minneapolis, lived in Minneapolis for about eight years, uh and then ended up in Chicago. Been here, give or take, give or take, about eight years here now. 50
yep,
Yeah, I spent little time in Seattle, little time here and there, so you could have
Luca
and
you've been there
all?
Have you been in Lafayette,
all your
life?
Yeah. Same here.
No.
thank you.
Okay. All right. I don't
know
what?
Excellent.
all the big ones. Okay, as I say, something sound familiar about that. I used to do uh Pepperidge Farm
Distribution. So I was looking for trailers all the time and I'm sure I came across their name at some point, but I've never needed
one that big
Of Wabash.
Okay. They've been around
a long time
that,
35 years. Yeah.
I'll be gaga.
I might do you have them, they got a little plaque or something on them somewhere, says Wabash.
I've probably seen it. I've seen it.
damn.
You don't support.
Well, no advertising. Right.
Thank you.
Mhm. I'll be darn
gone.
So surely they must
feel
about,
Yeah. Must cost them like some cost them an advertising.
I definitely have seen those great dane signs. I wouldn't even I wouldn't have thought about that. But, you know, you're sitting the docks
and days long enough.
How funny. So you
go ahead.
Uh Well I've been that's a good I think when I first really started my professional career was in I. T. Service management so not the technical side of things but more the managing the administration of fixing problems and that kind of thing. Um And then in between I've taken a couple breaks and owned a couple of distributorships. One was a bread distributorship and then the other one was uh let's have Pepperidge Farm Goldfish
your leaderships and then uh right now I'm working part time as a contract subcontractor for google. Um And thinking about buddy and I are thinking about starting to buy investment properties back east because we're getting we're getting there where we're starting to think about retirement, what we're going to do. So It's about that time. So and I grew up building houses with my dad, remodeling houses with my dad, so it's kind of a hobby that I do, so it sounds like you know excited just kind of hit that time where we're starting to think you know, another 15 years worth of work and I'm done so and I like it, I like New England, I like it back there so we kind of no no you know for lack of anything, I have no kids or anything like that so nobody to worry about so I might as well you know pursue what I enjoy. You think you'll uh you'll think you'll stick one
think
you'll?
but
you can
you can still hear me okay, That's
good,
that's weird. Um
No no internet is quite fast and my signals full. Yeah
yeah I can hear you fine, you know, the funny part is is I've got a uh a mute symbol up in the middle of the screen and neither one of us is muted, so something weird's going on,
we take a look at the controls and see if there's something. Well that's different.
I lost some weight in that one up.
last lots of
different.
I've heard that story before.
No kiddin.
See I'm worse when mine
gets longer. We finally buddy and I just gave up the other day, we're like we've been really following the whole social distancing thing being right here in Chicago, you step out
the
door and there's nine million people on top of you. So we've been we've been pretty vigilant and I couldn't take it anymore the other day, so I ordered one of those uh those things, are you sharing?
then just get it over
with. So yeah it's uh my my hair was probably the longest it's been Probably in 30 years I would say. And I just and this is probably the shortest that it's been 30 years. Where is it?
Do you see it?
And
gossip.
I like some of those quality jobs, I don't know, I've enjoyed very brief period, worked for a cheese manufacturer and did some of the same type of stuff. I actually enjoyed that. The quality work. I don't know why I had just that kind of an alarm.
so obviously if you're not leaving Wabash then you're, you like the area you've been there long enough? Yeah.
At
that's
Yeah.
Well
you know I'm here that was one of the big reasons for a big checkmark for Chicago was the fact that you can get anywhere if you don't walk away, you can at least get there on public transportation, you don't have to worry about cars
and all that kind of stuff, but Uh huh.
it really is of course not right now but
Now did you guys shut down at all operations for any time, a period of time?
holy
Kyle.
gets from
them.
normally okay.
then of course it will go crazy once things open back up again, you guys will go nuts.
the repub
Gotta, gotta
what is the is
there
a typical lifespan for a dr van?
No
that's right.
12 years. God.
No kidding.
I didn't
know
that.
I didn't realize
that those we've
got changed out on so as long as that,
so long as the frame is viable then you can keep on going with the same same rate. I'll be darned. Mhm.
Holy cow.
Excellent.
Got
that just shocks me. I mean it's
mileage, the mileage in the various places that those end up that shocks me that they can stay on the road that long. I mean you look at a chevy truck that's you know 10 years old half of its gun.
Got
to
Court,
cordon.
I'll be down
so they
keep
you get to
keep
and it keeps its flexibility at the same time so that's one thing.
I'll be tired so great.
so there's a lot of strength in in those those corner pieces there's got to be a lot of sheer strength that holds up. I would have
Mhm.
and want
No.
Got
to got to curiously. Is it just a cost savings? Why do why do they use rivets instead of like say welding it? Is it just because
we know.
Okay. Got you
got
to
I believe.
Why have I heard of that? What were the were their applications
that you've done at home? F. Sharp.
Aaron. Is that lighter weight, Same weight?
All
I'll be darned.
And twice the
life or
more.
Gotta it. Is the reefers also used that same stuff where they use a different
I gotta have that corn
captain.
Patrick.
draws out.
it.
I don't know.
Got
it.
Yeah.
What?
that would when I was doing the bread distribution that was that was actually still in Arizona and uh I spent a you know a summer inside of a box trailer that I really didn't want to spend but you know you do it to do. I
had one day whole shipment tipped over inside the truck and I had to spend a summer day picking up bread all day long and you learn really quick how those things heat up like a pizza and inside there it gets crazy.
So are there other places that I mean you know I know obviously got a good job and you enjoy being there. Have you ever thought about going anyplace else other than michigan or in the
Canta Canta.
It changed your decisions a lot when you add you know lives and Children like so.
not to
two years.
Hey?
Yeah. That's something to be said to once you start you know you put down those roots and then you start building some retirement with a company and all that kind of stuff. It still counts. You know? It's still
true.
perform
but it starts compound in manual. You'll do. All right
good.
compare your home.
I don't even feel that it
I
don't know about
that.
Yeah. Especially right now. I'm scared of everything right now. Yeah.
I don't need that much work. Right.
Be okay with me do uh curiously to the summers there and I've never been to Indianapolis. I've been through the northern part of indiana but I've never been in Indianapolis to the summers. They're bothering at all humidity and heat wise. Yeah.
What
Now the typical summer days, does it hit the 90s or a typical summer day? 80s? Mhm.
Pretty human around there, isn't it? Yeah.
Swimming.
Holy smoke. I mean I've looked
at him
but
it was
I was shocked I saw for the first time I've been through as a kid I don't know what I was 14 or so, we drove from Sue ST. Marie all the way to Wisconsin. So I've been through the U. P. I. But I've never spent any time in you know the main part of Michigan and I was shocked the other day when I I don't know what I was doing, I was looking at the map or something, I thought that's awfully green and this was the northern part somewhere outside of Traverse City or something and there's a there's a park there, I can't remember the name, I don't know if it's a national park er state park with this huge waterfall and I was just blown away that I didn't really realize that that kind of terrain or that kind of um Okay.
I'm
thinking
the same thing and it was just this huge ridge and the waterfront was absolutely pictures, they always take the pictures and fall, right, because that's when it's most beautiful, it was
absolutely
gorgeous
and I just didn't know that existed, I thought it was all kind of flat farmland up there like like Iowa but
Yeah.
it surprised
me
why
that's what I heard that wine and that there's even a couple of of ski resorts, something I mean not huge ones but you know.
Yeah. Yeah.
that's, they said it was a great family destination you know for the wintertime, get the kids and do something fun out,
it's awesome.
They said it was the deepest snow or I can't remember, is that or the deepest snow in the midwest or some such thing on an annual basis. Somewhere around there.
How? No.
was
yeah. Gotcha,
no doubt. Yeah.
You as well just take care and make sure you guys stay safe. You and your family,
you got it right
we even we got the cubs ones around here, so. Right,
Mhm. It's a few months out of your life man to take care of yourself and everybody else. I don't know why it's so so difficult, we do the same thing here and stare out the window and watch people, you know, jogging by breathing on everybody else and going, come on you guys seriously, just just for a couple months, it's not that big deal, but oh well, you know, getting, getting upset about it. Uh,
you
as well
take care of
this. Take care.