you again? Mhm Mhm Yeah. Mhm Mhm Uh huh, yep. Sitting here waiting three o'clock, wait until fired and five After I should say. Hopefully they're getting somebody and Making $15 for what happened or Not getting somebody in planking back 50 for five minutes either way, it's okay counting like something my life left in here. Mhm Only 19 bucks, you know, must have some sort of overlay. She's a preschool teacher. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm One minute down. Yeah. Yeah Oh yeah. Mhm Mhm A little bit meetings according are driving on you gotta little in the corner I would guess that means that the microphone is working happy happy joy joy or as they used to say, oh frabjous Day. Uh huh uh oh come on, mom, pom pom, pom pom Yeah. Mhm Yeah, yeah, two minutes down. I'm gonna do some keep like like I have to come up with the ice that I put it in because it's a balls hot here. I said balls yeah, I'm about to go to my air conditioning down if this keeps up great here because it's just running and running and running just like me running and running and running hoping to get this time done. We're two minutes almost three minutes in the phone back here. So I line survey minute and a half. It says home alone matter my body. Oh. Mhm. Her archiving home. So are you guys having for dinner anything good? My wife and I are going to take out sushi places in the street. Look it fairly well, I like it more of their actual Nigerian sashimi were better. But alas they've got some good roles. Creative. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Three No notes. Mhm. Yeah. No, no, but you know, I look high a lot of times. I tell people tell me, I think I have sensitive eyes, I like this and I look at the camera awake and it's just are we uncomfortable? You know they even woman. Mhm. I wonder if this study isn't actually about, wow, somebody's there. Can you hear me? Yeah.
You're about about 30 seconds away from me hanging up.
really? So you saw making faces and waving at you and all this is going on. Gonna sit here and occupy myself
for
five
minutes.
That is hilarious. If I was more easily embarrassed, I'd be more embarrassed.
Because I was actually starting to wonder if this was actually an experiment to see how people occupy themselves when they have a five minute wait. They've got to
be on camera for that was I was starting to wonder,
so do I people see me there? What are you, what are you doing talking myself?
I'm I'm jessi
Hi, nice
to meet,
I'm over in indiana and yourself
I'm in Lafayette indiana,
You know where to do it? Uh Almost just slightly west and south. Uh huh.
Yeah, Wait,
rise in the southeast,
south,
east,
southeast of you. Um In fact, if you take, what is it? Uh
65 straight south from from Chicago, you'll pass through Lafayette,
There's a there's 500 tiny towns,
dude.
40 miles north of Indianapolis, I'd have to look it up to be, but that's about right. Um I know I can get to downtown indian. Just over an hour. Mm.
So
not
that's always interesting. Originally, I'm from did you, were you born and raised in Chicago?
Lost your audio for a second. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah, there we go now,
it's sinking up a little more for a second. I was looking at you and your lips were moving and nothing was coming. Okay, So anyway, were
you
originally from Chicago?
Be
in it?
come on.
roughly? 50, Okay.
Somewhere in there, there's a couple of years up in flux, so
Okay, I'm 39, if it matters,
so
complications
younger
than you are.
I've
been
hearing. No, no, I I was born and raised in michigan. Um I I left there when I was See about 25, I mean, I went to school, but when I went to school, nobody wanted to lend money to a middle class white guy. And so I didn't I didn't damn finish school and about 2.5 years worth of credit. Mhm.
And so uh
yeah, I ended up going to I ended up working for a little while. Um I lost my job in michigan And end up coming down here when I was about 25 because I had friends from college who worked for Purdue University and I got an interview there but ended up working at speedway instead. I worked for them about five years and then left there and had a couple of short jobs and end up working here at Wabash National just on the street. So
make trailers.
we
make
a box trailer dr
van trailers refers all the big ones,
but
you
can't trust more than you came across. More than a few of our um They've also done some of the refrigerated box trucks. A branch of the company makes some of those. So some of your some of your milk box trucks are probably produced by a citizen of subsidiary of
Wabash National.
Down
at south
plant 30, years,
Something like 40% of the of the dry van trailer is currently on the road or Wabash trailers,
so
uh they got a uh it's about, wow about this big, but I'm learning working here, so about twice the size of my head. Uh it's got a United States outline says Wabash across it.
yeah, and that's that, that's the decal it beyond the, beyond the front, on either side, just on the first panel, just past the corner post and then um Mhm. On the doors on the back, although we have
customers that don't want it on there
and so we don't put it on in that case, but oddly enough, it's actually an extra charge not to get it.
Right, which is apparently across the board by some of the, one of the person that people that I work with now used to work for great dane and it's the same thing there. If you don't want the dog on your on your
on your trailer then you have to pay extra.
You
know it's a small nominal fee not to get the dog or the Wabash, next ensign or or whatever.
I'm
like
you're kidding
it.
well
radio, yeah I'll bet the Great Game ones cost more because a lot of those are those are the little metal decal aren't a decal, they're a little metal thing bolted on there, that's just that's another level.
What do you do? Sorry
then I was just asking what do you do for a living?
good. Right
you might as well uh I
just
I just lost your video, I just lost your video feed. I don't
see
you.
I
can still hear you. Okay, so I
Are you on a slower internet?
Yeah. Can you see and hear me?
That's strange. Uh
Yeah. You want wonky for like 1 2nd and then you disappeared and all I got is this this outline which frankly looks nothing like you. Uh huh.
Yeah. Well, you lost a little weight and your your hair is longer and kind of sticks up on one side of your head, you know, like you got a part rather than a buzz.
I
used to keep it for years and years ago, but I grew it up for kind of for a girlfriend and just never stopped, Right?
Kind of, you know, I was really tired of the budget and it tended to itch a lot with me
and once I grew it out it stopped.
So
he
asked,
electric grid like chickens.
That's
Oh that's funny.
No, I, you asked if I was planning on sticking
with Wabash National
at this time. I have no plans of leaving. Uh actually came in as a laborer and after I got out of my uh after I hired on full time I bit into an operator job for a certain piece of equipment was a dura plate operator. So I made the, the walls knows doors, trailer, all this proprietary composite stuff. And then I actually been into a quality position from there. So I spent um half my time looking at computer screen, half my time looking at other people's problems.
There's a lot of people that are like, yeah, quality works, good work. You know my father to shit on me. I'm like, I better better stop that before it falls over.
I like, I like the area well enough. I'm not, um, we, we moved over here. We have some issues with our living arrangement before we moved in this place. Uh we moved over to this house about three, 3.5 years ago because it was, it was february, so almost exactly 3.5 years and I walk to work now. So because it's literally like five blocks from from here to
the door of my building.
I'm, yeah,
that was a big tick in favor of this place. When we were looking. I'm like, I don't like that. There's not a lot of room between me and my neighbors, but I can walk to work. I'm not
like
it.
yeah. One of the best public transportations in the country. Yeah.
Well no, I wouldn't want to be in in a corona filled tube either, but not unless you not unless you have to
yeah, we've shut down operations three times so far this
year
for a week, a week or more. And
we've had a
lot of, we've had a lot of single days that we've not run. And uh, actually the trailer side of the business is as uh, Has cut back four days during two a week.
So from five plus occasional overtime because the bottom line we're still, we still got orders, but not much. So.
yeah. Well usually with the, with the drop offs, we see it immediately and with the pick backups, it takes six months or so,
Sometimes a year for the, for the, for the trail to get to us because people have already have trailers that they're shipping dry goods in. So first manufacturing has to pick up. First orders have to pick up the, manufacturing has to pick up, then shipping picks up and then we get orders from our trailers
because shipping parted companies are notoriously behind on. Oh, well we'll drop trailers in a second. But what's this order more? No, no. Right until they break. We we can we can fit another £1000 in that one,
you
know,
um, the modern drive and that we think
of with,
With the Dura plate or Z plate from our competitor or whatever. Um, you're looking at about 12 years now.
Yeah, for, well, you'll have increments that you'll replace. You'll run through two of the wheel assemblies. What we call bogeys.
You run through two wheel assemblies from that. Yeah. In that time to run through two wheel assemblies, um, you might have side piece of the sides replacement. We call sheet change where an individual panel section of panel is changed out because of my spirited or are scratched it on the outside. Um You'll probably replace the landing gear because the pads will wear out and they're all welded together or somebody will pull forward with alignment years on it.
Well,
landing
gear the right
there,
no
check out that whole assembly at some points.
we now we have dinner plate that's been on the road for 20 years. Mhm.
Yeah, that's just
it has an extraordinarily long lifespan and you can keep replacing pieces. It just gets the point where more pieces need replacing than
it's worth at that point and then they scrap it out
stuff,
wow. Yeah, half of it's gone. Well the bigger the bigger problem is that the the you look at the frame of the Chevy truck, the actual steel frame, it's good. Right.
The
body shot engine shot transmission shop, there's no engine on trailers, there's no transmission on trailer, there's no, no, uh, you know, there's no thin metal body panels on trade. The thing is the thinnest piece of metal is a quarter inch aluminum, that's the side panels
or that the, those, uh, those, uh, the like curved pieces on either side corner, what we call them? Those are 8" a quarter inch aluminum sheet. And those are the thin pieces
and during dura places while dura plates. Uh, well, well, I can tell you what it's made of. You know, There's propriety of information, but it's, uh, it's 3/10 of an inch thick or your standard and it's a quarter inch of plastic. And then 20,000 steel on the outside of. 20,000 steel on the inside.
I mean, hit
that
with a hammer. You just dented the
pork
drop kind of scratches it
Well you stand up a wall with no with no nothing attached to it because we assemble whole walls first and then we put them on the trailer and then we put the nose on and the rear frame on you stand up the wall, you can see it do this.
yeah it's bitch was like holy crap it's just going like this.
There is and there isn't it's a all those rivets that helps and it's really the composite of it is the whole that provides the stability to it. I'm uh
you know if you think about a cardboard box right? And if you put a cardboard box and embracing the bottom and the top and you put a single piece of cardboard in the middle, you can stand on it right now. Put those sheets of cardboard flat and then try to stand on them. Well the same thing when you assemble the whole thing,
it's actually stronger than the sum of its parts. And every piece that you put in there increases that that that tension that you can keep more more in there. I mean if we pull a floor out which we pulled floors out to replace floors, you pull it out,
you can see the trailer is more of this when it's going down the road you take the roof off, you'll get more flex. They proved bows off, you get a lot
of flats.
You can't,
well during play it
you can't roll durable plastic, melt out
plastic
and catch fire if you get it hot enough. Um And uh Dura played significantly lighter than the previous iteration in addition to being way longer. Uh The industry standard before something like their plate came along was what we call an F. R. P. Uh fibreglass reinforced plywood.
They had a three year lifespan. Yeah
basically.
Mhm. There's probably some of you may have run across it in relation trailers. They still use it for a few high turnover type. Um Things like logging companies use it a lot still because they haul them out and I'd rather just ripped the walls off and start over than have something that's a little harder. Um
No it's it's actually happier by the time the durum plague because you have to use a half inch or three quarter
inch plywood shooting to get the same kind of out of it.
And that weighs a lot. Shoot a double play, We'll weigh in for 120" away in about 40 lb. Yeah, yeah,
we
have
heavy duty, we have we have heavier, heavier stuff that uses a thicker steel and a half inch plastic matrix. Um, but those still only weigh about £80 of sheet
now refers are reefers are aluminum side from core, aluminum interior almost
almost universally
because their place not very uh, in selective,
it's too solid because I, even with the interruption of plastic in between the steel, it's very conductive
for heat. It
just draws out, yeah, you walk into a trailer, it's the same temperatures outside, no matter what happens, five minutes, it's acclimated.
In fact, outside it'll get hotter because there's no air flow. And so it heats up kind of like an oven,
like
the inside of our come up. You put your hand on it like this and go, oh yeah,
I don't want to stop in that one, Open that door up for a minute buddy, I can't work in this trailer.
I've done I've done field repairs before. I went to quality actually I've done field repairs as quality but that's outside of my normal job description so.
literally
yeah, I don't have to heat up my lunch, I just set it down on the floor for about five minutes. Yeah, wow.
Um uh Well yeah actually back when I was there was uh I was with Wabash about two years and something came up that my wife was interested in. We were looking at moving to pennsylvania but that didn't come out. So we were going to take a, you heard of the Milton Hershey school? We were going to take a house, house parent job there. Uh But we went through the interview process, we actually went through two sets of interviews. The next step would have been flying out there. They would have flown, but they decided not continue with that candidacy at that time.
They said it's it's not that they actually encouraged us to reapply, but now we're both pretty happy with where we're at in our jobs and stuff. And we have our own four year old now. And uh
he wasn't a thought yet. When we applied
and they've got two years between applications, they say, even if we want you to apply again, you gotta wait two years.
So when when we would have been that two years, we were all we had our son and we're like, do we really want to rip them up and go there and the new job and uncertainty. And I was no, it would no longer be a pay raise because at the time it would have been a not a significant pay jump but a raise. And now it's about on parody with what I made last year. I mean unless they've raised in
the last five years, they might have I don't know, we haven't we haven't really looked back into it, but
well my 41 K. Rolls
over wherever I want it. So that's not that's not and and it's not like it's you know, I'm not yet 40, but it's it's It just hit five figures. Let's leave it at that. Recently. Hit five figures Or six figures. I mean
On 2345. Yeah. Recently had six figures. So it's not it's not a huge nest egg by any means, so.
Right. Yeah. Well that's what I'm looking
at putting away quite a bit and we're not counting on any money that my wife will get or Social Security because
I'm not planning on having being dependent on that because I don't I don't know if it will be I don't know, it feels to be around by the time I-30 years from now when I'm 25
years. Really? Yeah. Well you got 10 years and you're still lying. Yeah.
No.
15,
that's gonna be kicking.
We live in interesting times and I don't like interesting. Uh
I'd rather live in a boring period of history because born means nothing's happening that's going to scare me
you know, I really don't think it was any any hotter than it was when I was in michigan the winners, I don't think get colder. Uh The winters are milder here, but I don't feel like the summers are significantly hotter. I mean it might just be the feeling, I have to look and see how many days are actually that much hotter,
but I have a feeling. The only difference is how many days are hot, not how hot it gets.
of June is 80th and then it'll be July and August will be a good number of 90 days.
yeah. But like I said, I grew up in michigan, I mean you can, you can choose the air there. You know, there's more fresh michigan has more fresh water than any other state of the union. So
the land of 1000 lakes. Yeah, well you got 1000 lakes, we have 10,000 bonds. You know, the fresh water is, I read somewhere that you can stand in any point in michigan and walk in any direction And you will hit some, you will walk within a 100 ft of a body of freshwater. Within a quarter mile
You
will walk within 100 ft of a stream, a pond, a lake. And I'm thinking, you know what, I believe it now, it might be a swamp that's not good for drinking,
but
but there's water within a quarter mile and I'm thinking I grew up in a little town and like yeah the whole town is within a quarter mile of of the of the river and it winds back and forth and you know they're the the high school's out of town and it's across the street from a swamp. I mean literally the high school with you could throw a rock and hit the swamp, you know? I'm like yeah you got no more. I think about it more I believe that's true, you know?
I I know the park you're talking about and I'm I'm drawing a blank on the name. It's a state park. It that's the one I'm
thinking
about.
well
that's what's
most impressive.
There's a lot more rolling hills there than than a lot of Iowa indiana. It's got great plains it's theirs. Um I grew up in uh what we uh Maple Valley was the name um of the larger area. I grew up in a little town called Nashville. And yeah there's there's some pretty good hills all around. I mean there was a couple spots you come over the over arise and you look and and c. five or 6 miles and it's mhm.
You know just like that and all the trees and trees and corn hey you know breadbasket country
stop
a good amount of wine wine country
actually.
Right there there's one over by holly michigan um where
michigan renaissance festival is in the summer. And then uh holly holly scheme at Holy Mount Mount holly in the winter which was called the mountain but it's high enough to ski down that's for sure.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah
and we get with the with the lakes and everything, there's a fair bit of snow, we get off of uh Lake Superior um The other side of the lake from you because of the prevailing weather patterns come across the lake from Chicago. You know you'll you'll get eight inches of snow, they'll get 14 over on the other side of the lake except from
I believe that it's nothing to like upstate new york, but I remember as a kid there was more than once where we had accumulated two ft of snow.
you know we
get a shot,
good for sledding, it, good for sledding as a kid growing up
so well it looks like we've run plenty of our time, you know, it's been it's been enjoyable talking to you.
Yeah. Yeah. Watch out for all the other guys with Corona.
I'm less worried about me. I wear a mask in public. I gotta I gotta mask for my four year old. It's got dinosaurs on it. He likes it. He'll wear it.
the number of people I see going out not wearing that, I'm like, really?
Mhm. Right. Right. Well, you have a good day
and we'll talk to you later.
Well,
not