one second, even if things don't unfold the way you expect it, don't be disheartened or give up. Yeah, mm Thank you Yeah mhm mhm, mhm Okay, mhm, mhm Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah mhm Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Okay. Hi problem. Hello? Oh, can you hear me testing?
I
yes, I can hear you uh yeah, what's her name
Ken?
My name is 10,
oh,
take a guess, I can be anywhere in the world, mm
that's right uh
No, I'm not the opposite side actually,
no from the south, I'm from the hood yeah
florida, you are also in the States, Yeah, you are also on the East coast. Uh I want to say Georgia,
no,
of asian people from the East Coast Oh uh new york, oh there's a lot of asian people in New york.
Got
it,
mhm Uh huh
Yes I am
have you heard of SmR, can you hear me To this cucumber?
um sorry, this cucumber is a palate cleanser, I'm about to eat? Uh sardines because they're really pungent, No. Oh but um my type of asian is uh Vietnamese, right,
um you are chinese? Uh huh, mm hmm.
so do you identify more as a filipino? Mhm.
and you speak Tagalog?
Oh well, that's so interesting, how did you, your chinese? But how why were you born in the Philippines or? That's interesting.
Oh wow, mine is pretty boring, I was
just born in America and that's all I know.
I
think so, yes, um
I I didn't have to struggle, I was basically just born uh in America or with I mean we kind of struggled but not struggled like back in their home country where there was a lot going on that I'm not familiar with.
um Southside
kind of in the middle
of florida. Central florida.
So Tampa
it's
it is yes I heard the constant living in new york is very expensive.
Are you new york by choice? Like you want to be there or is it family?
Oh what how did
you get
in
new
york
Oh can you? Really? So
me
too.
Starting to have a lot of health benefits too. That's why I eat them so I enjoy it. That's great mm
It's the same time. Yes I think so yeah.
Oh yeah late dinner yes. Um I
like sardines but the flavor, the aftertaste is very strong very pungent.
It's in olive oil with um green peppers. Mhm.
So what did you just have for dinner?
Oh pizza is nice. Yeah.
No I've never heard of that, that sounds so interesting.
that sounds good, my mouth is drooling. It's just corn and then mozzarella cheese or american cheese.
the the pieces the kernels.
sounds really good. I may have to try that. I will look into that
wow that's I've never heard of that, that's really interesting. Cheesy corn. Yeah that's that's news to me, this is this is great. Um mm Since
the pandemic have you noticed that you're eating healthier or worse sir? No.
I think it's the same for me it's kind of both. I because
I'm at home I have to eat healthier or I can or I just meal prep but I also have the choice to eat extremely
unhealthy because everything is I can just grab it so it's it's good and bad. Uh huh wow. Mhm.
Um We just had a hurricane tornado passed by
I don't know because I don't go outside, but I think Floridians people in florida, some of them don't care, so the cases are just going up but I think it depends on the area and yeah the location
in
my part of florida, it's not that bad mark, mhm uh
no, I still have more sardines to um
but yeah, I I think before when I paid attention to it it seemed really bad, but now I just don't look at it because it's always bad news, so I don't pay attention to it, I kind of just ignore it and I live in my bubble and I don't go outside the house, how is new york going for you? Mhm,
Well
this is,
I don't know
mm. Orlando for fun or for work?
Oh yeah there's a lot of I think there's a Disney World or our Universal Studios. Yeah it's a really nice area. I highly recommend it.
Um Not near its uh for me in Tampa I think it's like one hour or one hour 30 minute drive. Okay.
I think it's Orlando I think by bigger you mean higher population. Right. Yeah.
Yeah I think it's Orlando also I think
Orlando has more fun things to do than Tampa. Yeah.
Mhm.
cost
of living in um Tampa Orlando. Mhm.
I
think
but
much much deeper. Um I think I remember
going to Washington D. C. Up north and buying bananas and I was shocked at the price because it was I think around $2 for like a bunch and in florida it's like half that if even less, but that's just food
I think it depends on Yeah the
I do yes but uh
not.
Oh that's a good question, so a bowl of, depending on where you get, it could
be around 5 - $10 and the serving sizes are very American, like they're very large.
Yeah I can't finish them myself so I get like a kids for a regular sizable and that will be around yeah $5 or $6.
wow that's uh I mean maybe it depends on the location, maybe you'd like to eat out fancy restaurants.
Queens is a cheap area. Yeah.
Mhm
wow. Oh my God.
Well I think in florida it depends on the area, so like 6-10 is somewhere so so Somewhere Nice, maybe $12, 15 Actually even 15, sounds like too much, I'm just stretching right now. Yeah
I I would say florida's um food housing is or housing i here in new york and California especially are very high florida is not so bad, I can't really speak on how well it is because I live with family two,
I live in a house. Yes. Mhm.
Oh my God that's 1/5.
Yeah that's way too much money. Yeah I couldn't imagine owning a house and maybe I could when
I'm rich but not right now. Mhm.
Do $5 million? Oh my God wow.
What? That is, that's insane. Why is Manhattan in particular so expensive? It didn't
take
Well um but also I hear nowadays due to the pandemic people are going out of new york because they can work remotely and yeah pretty much they can work in florida and still do their job. Is that something that you plan on doing in
the future?
Yeah, so you're a frontline health care worker. Oh, thank you for your service. Uh yeah. So what do you do as a frontline health care worker?
Yeah, mm hmm. So as a physical therapist, husband work slowed down or it's stayed stayed the same? Okay.
no,
you
know,
and as a physical therapist, is that something that you get paid for for the person or you have a salary and you just relax and let the people come
in? Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh wow, that sounds nice. Or laid back, is it? Uh as nice as I think it is in my head.
Not
much!
I'm sorry, say that again. Mhm.
I am working,
luckily I get to work from home remotely. Mhm
and
I get paid to touch a keyboard professionally. So I uh the real term for that is like a software developer. Yes, well I just work for a small company and tap, tap, tap, tap on the keyboard and
solve problems. Um So I create I helped create and manage financial software but um to be honest I don't think it sounds as fun
or
exciting as physical therapy. Like my work is kind of um
boring, boring office work. Yeah.
I think it depends on the day but um
no not like a clear structure routine, it's solving problems um creating
new things and yeah there's absolutely no structure.
I kind of have to build the structure myself if that makes sense. Um
They're in a way it's,
I would like routine but also at the same time I have the freedom to
do
what I think is best. Mhm.
Oh, take a guess. I could be any age from 1-100.
that's right.
Oh wow. Yeah, you're right on the money. 2024.
And you are you're an adult, young adult, uh your young adult and you have a job as a physician or not physician, but um physical therapist and I think that requires quite a bit of time in college. Right, So I'm going to push up your age too late 20s on it, not uh I want to save 30, Oh no, I'm sorry,
26, you're a baby, I'm so sorry, I think it
was like
the the asian like add 10 or add five because you're more useful than you look. Well, you're much younger than I had thought
to become a physical
therapist, it's, I think four years of college and then additional two years or three years. Right. Mm hmm. So you
recently got out of school, I'm assuming.
So what's cool about my profession is that it doesn't,
there's no like set amount of time that you need. I think any person can actually become a software engineer or software developer. It's
um, if they learn how to program and develop software. But I think for me going to college route Was a four year bachelor's degree and then that was it. But I think anyone like who wants to is capable of becoming a developer
because there are people who do boot camps or they do training online, they watch youtube videos and they've landed
full time jobs at like google and very
big companies. So I think that's what's nice about my profession is that anyone can join in, even like math majors, but I think going to um university and getting like my degree helped with foundational knowledge. Yeah. But yeah,
I think um if you wanted to or anyone, yeah, the
programmer. Mhm.
And also I think they're pushing that in schools now for kids.
So it's a part of the core curriculum. Yeah, because yeah, I think the future is technology. Okay.
Oh.
they're, they're taking over there listening to us right now. All of this is technology.
I love sardines, but the fish taste is just so strong. So pungent.
Um Rice for me makes me really sleepy.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I really enjoy rice, but it's not also it makes me um bloat like it makes my stomach bigger a lot. Yeah. Well, I so I just eat food without rice.
No.
Yeah, that's true. My parents aren't happy with me. Mhm. All right. Okay, mm hmm.
What should we do next? Mhm.
Oh, yes, that's right. So I think we're done if you want it to be done.
So you just click on the blue arrow. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yes. Yes.
Thanks.
Yes, it was nice talking to you, too, ken. Mhm. Well, all right. I'll see you if you come to Orlando, maybe.