Yeah, I can, I can.
And
My name is ken, how about
you?
Wait, what is it? Oh, nice.
Where are you from?
no, I know if a year from America
you're from. Wait, hold on. I'm gonna say west coast,
east coast, um, northeast I would say.
what state are you from?
No.
Okay. Think of where there's a lot of asian people. Yeah,
I mean, I would guess so. Like it's what they call it, like the state of immigrants. So
I
would think there's a lot of asian people here, like any race in fact. Yeah.
How about you? Are you aging yourself?
Chinese? What, which particular? That's an interesting snack. Yeah.
yeah, you can. Oh my gosh, that's funny.
that's cool. Yeah,
But I am chinese by like heritage, but I grew up in the Philippines so I don't know, um, like any chinese, I can't speak the language.
sure. Yeah, I grew up there.
Yeah, I do,
Um I think, you know, just because my grandparents, they immigrated to the Philippines and that's why I was born there, so that's basically my whole life story right there. Yes.
What?
But your parents are Vietnamese, Did they immigrate to America or You're like 3rd generation or something?
Good?
Yeah.
for sure. Which part of florida are you from? Okay.
Mhm.
True.
And
Tampa. Okay. Yeah, I've been thinking of retiring in florida
just because I hear it's like a retirement state, it's cheaper than new york. For sure.
yeah. Oh yeah, we're expensive.
You know, I'm, I'm actually alone here. I don't have any family. My family is in Utah,
I'm
just
here
to
work. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I can taste that sardines right now.
No. Yeah. No, I eat it. I love sardines. I'd rather have the one in tomato sauce. Yeah. Instead of understand the sardine guy, I don't like kuna.
I like
sardines more.
Well what time is it in florida? It should be like eight PM. Right?
It was just wondering like where you're still eating? So maybe like a late dinner?
Oh
Is that in just like olive oil?
Oh, okay. The justice system, wow. Yeah, I can really hear that. Yeah.
I just had pizza dominoes.
Let me think. I also had, you know the korean thing where they bake corn with like cheese on it?
Yeah, it's just like basically it's just cheese and corn. Um It's just like a light appetizer. So I had that.
It's not like the corn on the cob thing. it's just like um what you call it like. Uh
Yeah the pieces, just the kernels. Um Yeah, then without the without the juice or anything, then you just put like I put Like three Cheese Blend, like that kind of melted up, put it in the oven, then after that I just mix it up. Just eat it. It's just like a good snack. Good side dish. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's like a korean thing that I like restaurants um like serve, you know?
Right.
definite. Uh No, definitely healthier when the lockdowns were in place. I think that was like March april May and june but ever since july august and like till now I've reverted back to my usual diet, which is just like normal
two.
What?
Hey, how's florida now?
Oh yeah, I heard about that. How about like the covid cases? Yeah.
It's
true.
Your your full there. Yeah.
So
it's actually doing pretty good. People are wearing masks everywhere. Um Yeah, like back in March, I think the case is really went up, but now it's, it's been pretty, pretty
good. Um We're under decline and I think like florida and Illinois
I think or like the hotspots now.
Yeah, but I'm, I don't know, but due to the covid thing, I'm not sure anymore, but I'm actually planning to go to like Orlando or whatever maybe in the next year, so hopefully that pushes through
for fun.
How near are you from there?
dang. No, But which do you like? Which one is a bigger city is a temple Orlando? Yeah.
Yeah.
Our story
Uh huh. Yeah
but it's the cost of living there is actually like is it really cheap though
like?
like in florida in general
compared
to like California
or new york
of.
Wait
since your Vietnamese do you you eat far? Right.
How
much is the good Bowl of Father?
Hey?
huge year.
Yeah. Yeah dang that's cheap here for a bowl of uh I would say Like 12 - 16. Yeah.
No that's that's queens, that's like the cheap stuff.
it's it's working class so people restaurants around there tend to like be cheaper compared to like Manhattan Brooklyn. Um
If I would go to an upscale Manhattan restaurant serving far it would be easily $20. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's expensive here.
Oh
Mhm. Okay. You live in a house?
Yeah, but like easily a house here could be upwards of a million,
there's too much money.
What?
Yeah. And that the one million house that's like just in queens, If you go to like Manhattan easily five million
and that that's our house, that's a condo.
it's
just because the rich people go there. Wall Street near the financial district, overlooking Central Park, you know like trump towers um like big huge names. Yeah. You know.
No,
so I cannot do that just because my work really involved, I'm in the healthcare field, so my work involves like being physically there. Um But yeah, I've heard about like Wall Street guys, rich people who own businesses, they just go to florida or they go to the Hamptons and just you know like chill out there and just work remotely.
So I think I said basically because I'm a physical therapist, it's not like the one that you think like nurses and whatever that's like really handling covid patients. Um But yeah, we we just handle other things. Okay. Yeah.
I think in um early
july it kind of slowed down just because people didn't want to leave their houses, they just want to stay indoors, but now I think it's been picking up, so it's
been
pretty good lately.
so
I think it's like an early thing to to um So yeah, we just check out, we wait when the patients would come and yeah, So they pay us like a fixed amount per day, see like 15 patients a day.
And that's pretty much it. Yeah. Oh, okay.
No, not really. Not
too late just because we have like, so treating patients is one thing, but another thing is like all the documentation
that we have to do and I cannot take some time to hey, how about you? Are you working?
Are you working
well?
What
do you do?
kind of software do you do?
But
what
Would you, come on?
Wait, like if you're like a software guy, what do you do every day? Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm.
Does it become like a routine?
Uh huh.
What?
Uh huh.
And then
No.
Well,
okay. Wait, how old are you?
Uh huh. So you're asian so you should look younger then. You really are.
I would and you're done with college. So you should be I guess 24 above. 25 above.
So Well You're 24. Oh wow okay
no you're good. No I'm 26.
No
it
Uh huh. Yeah we're basically in the same age group. Mhm.
Well
What?
Yeah. Yeah I've been practicing for just a year. How about you? How how long does it take to become a software engineer? You know what
that's
no
no.
just
tomorrow.
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh yeah I heard about that
Yeah like even right now big companies like google apple amazon I like those I think Microsoft there like the big um what they call it? Big companies and a guest like there the biggest in like the stock market or something valuation wise. Yeah.
So they're definitely there. The future, the present and the future.
Okay. Yeah for sure. Mhm.
Yeah. You should put it with race carry up with race. Uh huh.
Really?
Oh it's like a sleeping pill for you.
Really? You're the first asian doesn't eat race. I'm kidding.
But
so what should we do next?
wait hold on. Isn't it to like talk for 25 minutes or something?
Well how do you proceed? Uh huh.
Uh
Me this answer. Right
okay. Just what we eat. It was really nice talking to you. You're super cool.
Your name was Cameron.
Yeah for sure I was here to Tampa. We never know.