SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Do you think? Okay. Yeah. What about? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hi there, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I can hear you. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Super. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. Where in the world are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am in south Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: South Carolina? Not charleston perhaps?
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm up near the upstate region.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Okay. Um Yeah I'm in Virginia and and
SPEAKER_R: so All
SPEAKER_L: in about 2 3 weeks in normal times. Um Usually head down to Charleston 1st Gelato, but not not this year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. There's no vacationing or any fun activities going on this year. So we're kind of stuck. But yeah, we usually go to charleston once or twice a year or so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, can't beat it. It's one of those places, it just has a quintessential charm to it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes, yes. Last year we went to charleston went to Hilton Head. We just you take like, you know, a little weekend trips there. But this year I guess we're staying,
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. I should I said I guess introduced myself, I'm scott
SPEAKER_R: I'm carla
SPEAKER_L: carla. Okay, we're good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you as well. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't know. So I guess, you know it's interesting. I don't know if you're you know, you're not it's a random match to have a conversation I'm assuming.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Yeah, from my understanding it is so I'm not really sure what I guess. We just talk about anything I don't know. So.
SPEAKER_L: that seems to be what they were suggesting, so I'm sure that's recording and they're doing some fun analysis or whatever, it's all good. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So have you been quarantined for long?
SPEAKER_R: I've not been quarantined at all. Um I work I guess what you would consider an essential job. I worked a government job. So I have been at work the whole time. I am taking a day off. A much needed day off today. So. But no, I've been at work since day one. A lot of people at my job have been working from home. But we are not the lucky ones. We have been there.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah I'm uh working I've been working from home since uh third 16 May I guess it was. Uh Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's that would be preferable because
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry I said I meant March 16th
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of March.
SPEAKER_R: would prefer that because we have um we we interact with the public lot. We finally, after having some people come in that
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: were probably less than concerned. We finally had to take the decision to close it to the public or were still there but not assisting the public. So that is better. I mean, we're assisting them but not assistant in a person.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. I understand.
SPEAKER_R: Uh South Carolina is largely never really been locked down. To tell the truth. I mean, we've kind of been one of those that the governor really never made a decision to lock down. It was just kind of work or home. So basically if your work was an operation, you had to be at work. So we have to, the point where we have pretty much everything open except for personal services, so you can't get a haircut, you can um you know, you can't get a massage, you can't do things like that and restaurants are open to outdoor dining only. So that's really the only thing, this lockdown
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: currently.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's that's pretty interesting. Yeah our restaurants are takeaway only. Um You know and so there's tons of different uh nuances. It's interesting how the differences are between the States.
SPEAKER_R: Very much so.
SPEAKER_L: Um I work in D. C. And so um you know the the the further north you go the numbers just increased dramatically. Um And so we're living in a little pocket here of very low uh You know and so it's it's interesting to see some people just don't care. Some people you know they can be what some may consider fairly irresponsible. Um But uh every time I know that I go to the store and uh wear a mask and all that and you know, I come home and I'm not in a good mood, you know, it's one of those things where it's like this is just not normal. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: And that's why I just pretty much have stopped going anywhere unless I have to, my grocery visits are like literally every other week when I was just going in whenever randomly getting stuff. So I'm like, if I have to go out and wearing mask, I just as soon stay home. Honestly, I can't stand it wearing glasses. It's just terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They fog up and everything. Right.
SPEAKER_R: So I'm just, I just do a limited shopping and my son will be like, we're out of this part of this. I'm like, you're just going to be out of it until the two weeks is up and then I'll go back to the store and
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of living
SPEAKER_L: you go.
SPEAKER_R: because I am working so a lot of stores close early, so I'm having to do on the weekends, which is probably the worst time to have to do it. But I get up first thing in the morning, then go. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, that's that's pretty, I can't fathom so you know, we don't have Children, we have animals but we don't have Children and so um I can't fire them having to deal because like, you know, schools are closed everything, you know? And so um I people that I have on my team, you know have kids and and all of that and and they're being the second grade teacher along with doing their job along
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: with I mean and it just it's making their their work at home time if you will, you know one of those incredibly challenging experiences. Whereas you know I found time I'm I'm finishing a storage shed, I'm building out back and you know and you know able to have time to a little extra time to do some of these things.
SPEAKER_R: right. I have to have a teenager, so trying to I mean obviously I don't sit with him like he was a young child and you know, help him with his homework or anything, but just get him getting the motivation to do it is really difficult. It's one thing when you're at school, when you're kind of having to follow a structure, you know, setting that then, you know the way it is now? It's just, I feel like I'm constantly nagging, have you done this work? And I'm getting emails from the teachers that this hasn't been done and I'm like, I just deal with this, I don't deal with this during the school year and now it's like completely different. So yeah, it's strange because we, I mean how how are things going to be changed by august? I mean it's going to be, it's going to be really strange to send the kids back to school I think.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see how it goes because I mean we're going to have time to see if all this reopening is going to surge infection rates and and complicate things again. Um You know I I tend to think they might um I have a yeah, I don't know if it's personal opinion or have a uh a little bit of experience when it comes to a number of years ago, I was in Department of Defense and was working come bio nuclear and radiological defence. And so we did a lot of modeling and a lot of other things about how um really bad things happen when it comes to like pandemics or or intent some sort of intentional exposure and then how how it proliferates. And so I would all of this stuff was coming up as a result of this experience, you know? And um and um and it was early february, I went to Home Depot and bought some masks because I was like something's this isn't gonna be good, you know? And um they were getting scarce then because people were buying them and sending them overseas. Um but you know, um but and so anyhow, so it's all kind of come around and I'm actually at work, I'm leading a study um on how um the virus survives on materials. Uh And so um this is a different job now but because of my past experience I was kind of like the obvious choice to to lead this project. And so you know the C. D. C. Is doing a lot of studies and a lot of DHS and a whole bunch everybody's doing studies but they're doing it in very specific areas and ways. And so when you are worried about a population that operates in unique environments, those unique materials you don't have answers for. So we're figuring you know doing studies to figure out um you know how long virus last on these unique materials And so you know it's just not a very pleasant kind of a discussion but um And so yeah and it's really interesting to see how things evolve. I mean um you know, under certain conditions, three days turns to 10, you
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: know, and it just makes it um you know, almost mind mind numbing in the sense of the types of uh recommendations you have to make the people to on how to um uh just deal with things, you
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: know, because we're almost the fallback is like you consider it worst case, you know, every time. So um any and and then there's a lot of snake oil salesman going on out there and taking advantage of it all and and you know, you understand that, but it does, it's not sure it's not helpful, so.
SPEAKER_R: And then there there's so many people that I guess either don't believe it or just believe what they see. Like, like for instance, my my hand is elderly and she she sees the governor come on tv and open things up. So she's like, well now I guess everything's okay now or he wouldn't do this, so everything's safe. And I'm like, no, that's not the case, you know? So I just feel like a lot of people aren't really getting all the information they need, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. I mean um you know, trying to be a political and you know, the trouble that I think in the news media is everything is is polar, it's either one side or the other side and you know none of this should be a political issue. There should be, you know and so I think we're we as a country I think are struggling because of the politics around it. Um You know um I've got a lot of friends in in europe and other places and you know they look at how you know what we've done compared to what they've done and they just ask like how how what are you guys doing? All right.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I mean, I guess we should have figured it wouldn't have once they believe they were already pretty pretty divided to begin with. I mean, everything has to turn into a political argument. It's utterly ridiculous, but yeah. Oh, it is. That's that's the way it is and and right, and it's not just, it's not just political, like where I work, I work in a court is my function. So we have a large variety of people obviously that that come in there. Um we have like we have a homeless court, so we have just a homeless community that comes in there. Obviously they have challenges to how they're handling this. And
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: just just other people that aren't homeless, but maybe aren't as concerned. They don't seem to care as much. I mean they're still out doing things they shouldn't be doing while this is going on anyway. So their idea of worrying about a virus is next to none. So we have to try to figure out how we're going to protect ourselves and protect the other people because there are people that are obviously they do care. So we have to figure out how we're gonna start court again, how we're going to have all these things and we know we haven't been having it for a while. So how are we going to start this back up? How are we going the distance? How are we gonna protect people? How we can protect ourselves? Nothing is set up for protection of anyone, I mean at all. So where do we have safety procedures but not in terms of viruses? So we
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: have got
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: a long road ahead of us to how we're going to operate.
SPEAKER_L: yeah no that's a great challenge. That was just this week the Supreme Court did it it was a telephonic uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: hearing. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: we have no capabilities for any kind of uh telecommunication
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: at all. So it's, you know, some courts obviously in in jails and such as that are set up for that. But we're talking about people that would have to come in anyway. They can't set it up in their homes and it would just be a logistic. Not it is, it really is. And we don't know we've had discussions but we still we're not there. So I don't know what we're gonna do. The State Supreme Court has directed us to only have court in the event of an emergency. So have regular court hearings right now is is not supposed to be happening. So we're kind of waiting until we get the word, but we still have to plan for when that happens because it's not going to be just okay. Welcome back up. Business as usual. We're going to have to really make changes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, interesting. I mean sorry my brain always goes to problem solving in certain cases like that. Right. And you can have like computers with the zoom up and and have people managing the space and um you know like you go in, you know you get a clear, you go in, you know and you do the zoom basically zoom call court, they come out, somebody comes in and cleans and you know repeat, I don't know I mean.
SPEAKER_R: I mean we were running through every scenario. I mean we're talking about the cost of it's going to be astronomical too because we don't even have, we have cleaning crews that work at night. So we don't even have people there during the day. So we're going to have to hire cleaning crews to come in and clean between each session. And it's just it's a total nightmare. But our technology is so, I mean, working for the government is so obsolete that I don't know supported on our Windows XP computers and uh
SPEAKER_L: You guys are you're still running XP.
SPEAKER_R: In some situations yes if not they were still in Windows seven so it really it's terrible
SPEAKER_L: Right. Um So almost C. I. O. Of a federal agency and so um you know hearing that you're on Windows XP is really
SPEAKER_R: district.
SPEAKER_L: disheartening primarily because of the not that it doesn't work. Right
SPEAKER_R: no we were just opening up ourselves to
SPEAKER_L: security issues.
SPEAKER_R: all kinds of rent somewhere. I mean being a government agency your targeted anyway
SPEAKER_L: That's right
SPEAKER_R: so but nobody it falls on deaf ears if you make any kind of complaints to idea about it, they just don't don't say that they'll see the issue. So and even that we have to take classes constantly, all employees have to take all kinds of cyber security classes and stuff but I'm like within the best route be that maybe have everything updated to begin with but you know.
SPEAKER_L: Right. No that's that's pretty challenging. Um You know from, you know, so it wasn't too long ago that mhm. I was in an all staff meeting, we were still in person, you know and uh it wasn't intended to scare people but I wanted to give them an example of, okay, what's what's really happening like that, that there is a threat from a cyber security perspective and um I said and and I forget the name is the cities, but I said what do Henderson Nevada? Um Someplace in china um someplace in brazil and Colombia and philadelphia pennsylvania have in common and they were like, you know, we don't know and I said well over the course of the last two weeks, those are locations by which we had cyber attacks on our network, you know, that's where they originated and they're like why does any like, what are you talking about? You know, why is anybody attacking us? Because it's it doesn't matter what you are. If it's a if it's a government entity, you're a target, the headline in the paper. It doesn't say anything except government agency hacked, right? Unless it's sexier than that, you know what I mean? And so um and and so it was funny after the meeting several people came up and they're like you just scared the heck out of me. I was like well I didn't mean to but I want to raise awareness um when we ask you to do all these things, you know um there's there's intent on that. Um when I first took this job that I have now because the practice of the of the agency was to have everybody's email public like on the website. Um I got, so I got called from HR and said hey scott. We received an email saying that you want to change your direct deposit because you made a mistake in your bank account. It didn't sound like you and I'm like no it wasn't me. So somebody spoofed my email and and literally gave new information to HR about where my paycheck should go. Okay. I mean you know Pretty ingenious in one sense right? But but an actual I mean I was I was you know, I was happy that you know my my folks were savvy enough to understand. No that's not normal and that's not that's not how we do things. But um you can imagine a well meaning whoever would make a couple of key changes and be like hey I took care of you thanks. And you're like what? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Someone in my very office
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: had done a very similar thing where they were sitting out emails for saying they were from the I. T. Department and he needed to click on this and update your profile and all this information and she did it without even questioning it. I just did it. So of course, you know, thankfully it wasn't ransomware, but they did, you know the irreparable damage to her computer. So they had that had to be replaced. But like you have to really be careful about this stuff and
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: we have
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: so much personal information stored and
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean court records that are you know that they would be sought after.
SPEAKER_R: very much so just like D. M. V. Records and I mean it would be, it would be a great benefit to a lot of people that want to get their hands on something like that. So yeah, you have to protect it. But
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Um Yeah hopefully they teach you guys that you can just hover over the link and it shows it, you know, a lot
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of times.
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: some people are just too busy or they don't care, they don't think about stuff like this I guess. I'm always like in panic mode, like everything's like everybody's out to get me so already. Plus I've had my, I've had my credit card information stolen and you know, many years ago before. And it's a not married to try to fix this, not married to try to get back from that. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, no doubt.
SPEAKER_R: Unless I live in south Carolina where several years back, they were able to steal all of our tax income information. So you know, my career has been frozen since because of that. That's not, that's not good. And then you have to worry also you have to worry about your child because those are probably the prime targets that, you know, these people are young, not trying to to buy things yet. So when they do go out and try to obtain credit, what's going to happen then?
SPEAKER_L: Right now it will be that will be pretty fascinating. I know um you know with us a couple of years back, you know the chinese stole all the you know they broke into OPM or O. N. B. Or whatever I guess OPM and um officer personal management and took just you know millions of records and and so it's like you know everything is out there. Right, so
SPEAKER_R: It seems like every other week you get a letter in the mail that something has been something
SPEAKER_L: something's been
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: hacked.
SPEAKER_R: no one, something's been hacked your hospital records. Something.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I know it's a mass. Um Well so the northern part of south Carolina, is it up near fort Bragg?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I'm up. I'm right at the north Carolina border. So I'm in the
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the global Spartanburg area.
SPEAKER_L: okay, Guardian, sorry, I wasn't thinking brag I was thinking something else. Um Uh huh But yeah that's right where when you're coming and coming down 95 where the uh on the border or whatever you call it, what's the thing called?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's like if you're headed towards the coast, yeah. On the border. Yeah. Not I weren't there. I'm up at the very top. I'm literally like about a mile away from north Carolina, which makes things interesting too because they're much more of a state of lockdown than we are. So
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're a little bit different there. But yeah, I mean, I'm in the Greenville area by about 40 minutes from Greenville. So that's our hot spot, I guess
SPEAKER_L: I see, I see.
SPEAKER_R: In more ways than one now, literally hot spot
SPEAKER_L: Exactly and I'm in uh right in between Washington and Richmond, so in fredericksburg
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: Virginia and You know that 95 corridor just you know, people are cruising up and down and you just don't know, you know it doesn't matter about your area, it's about where everybody else's could bet. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean, we had, we had our state received an f the only state in the entire nation received an F in terms of how well we were socially distancing. So There's a lot I mean obviously 85 runs to Atlanta. There's a lot of traffic a lot. And another thing that people have to travel a good ways like me. I mean where I live, I have to travel. I'm going to the store or anywhere. You know, I mean obviously it's not just it's not like a city, it's not an urban environment. So I'm having to travel away. So I guess they're getting cell phone records and people are still driving. People are still out and about but that's about in more rural areas. Have to so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no it's totally true. I mean you know we um right as it all kind of started um we were in the market for a car and we found one up in New Jersey that we wanted and and so I guess it was like uh you know the weekend after we started teleworking we went we actually drove to New Jersey. Um Well well actually we took a train to D. C. To the airport to rent a car so that I wouldn't have I didn't you know if we were going to buy this thing, I didn't want to have two trips. So we rented a car at the airport, drove north, test, drove the thing, made the deal turn the car in in philadelphia and drove back. Um And uh because I did a one way rental knowing I could change it if I had to and it all worked out right and and everything was fine but it was very bizarre because that saturday um like The car dealership, we were at said, Hey, at 4:00, we're all out of here and we're told not to come back, you know, we're on furlough, you know, the governors, you know, set a, like a curfew, you know, if you're not in by this time on the road, you're gonna get pulled over, you know, and, and then we got to philadelphia and the rental car place was closed and it was like, how do I even turned in this car, because there's nowhere to do it? And it was just like, and then, you know, you couldn't get dinner on the way home because everything was shut down and it was just like, it ratcheted up like the, like that mental kind of space where you're like, this is really getting serious and you know, up that way, it's the heart of the uh part of the matter now, we weren't quite that far up in Jersey, but still. Um and so it was one of these weird experiences we had and uh and I couldn't help but think, I mean just all that traffic up and down the road, it's just the way things spread its, you know, stop at your gas stations, you stop and it just keeps keeps going. Um I mean, I'm hopeful for, you know, like you said, I don't know that there's going to be a reasonable um normal again for quite a while. Um There's some interesting things starting to happen medically. The one of the most fun things I read recently was about they're using the llama antibody's, you know, that funky looking animal mama. Um uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and it has two different types of antibodies that react differently than what we've got. And it basically allows the blocking of the spike on the virus. And so what ends up. And so they're looking to it's not a vaccine or anything, but it would be a a preventative treatment that could
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: last a couple months, you know? And so there's thing, you know, all kinds of studies coming out and so it's going to take time for sure. And I think
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: anyone that's like oh we're gonna throw a switch, everybody's back normal. It's just not going to be.
SPEAKER_R: no, you know a lot has changed completely. So, we have to actually thought that whether we like it or not.
SPEAKER_L: that's right. I mean our generation hasn't seen that something like this for you know, in our our lifetime. Yeah. Well I think we've got the time that we need that we're supposed to do.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I think we got it.
SPEAKER_L: Well I wish you well stay
SPEAKER_R: The same
SPEAKER_L: safe
SPEAKER_R: video. Same
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: video.
SPEAKER_L: uh have a great rest of your day.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You do. All right. All right.