Hi, I can hear you. Yes,
I'm doing well. How about yourself?
I am in south Carolina.
No, I'm up near the upstate region.
so All
Yeah. Yeah. There's no vacationing or any fun activities going on this year. So we're kind of stuck. But yeah, we usually go to charleston once or twice a year or so.
Oh yes, yes. Last year we went to charleston went to Hilton Head. We just you take like, you know, a little weekend trips there. But this year I guess we're staying,
I'm carla
nice to meet you as well. Mhm.
I think so. Yeah, from my understanding it is so I'm not really sure what I guess. We just talk about anything I don't know. So.
Uh huh.
I've not been quarantined at all. Um I work I guess what you would consider an essential job. I worked a government job. So I have been at work the whole time. I am taking a day off. A much needed day off today. So. But no, I've been at work since day one. A lot of people at my job have been working from home. But we are not the lucky ones. We have been there.
that's that would be preferable because
I
would prefer that because we have um we we interact with the public lot. We finally, after having some people come in that
were probably less than concerned. We finally had to take the decision to close it to the public or were still there but not assisting the public. So that is better. I mean, we're assisting them but not assistant in a person.
Uh South Carolina is largely never really been locked down. To tell the truth. I mean, we've kind of been one of those that the governor really never made a decision to lock down. It was just kind of work or home. So basically if your work was an operation, you had to be at work. So we have to, the point where we have pretty much everything open except for personal services, so you can't get a haircut, you can um you know, you can't get a massage, you can't do things like that and restaurants are open to outdoor dining only. So that's really the only thing, this lockdown
currently.
Very much so.
And that's why I just pretty much have stopped going anywhere unless I have to, my grocery visits are like literally every other week when I was just going in whenever randomly getting stuff. So I'm like, if I have to go out and wearing mask, I just as soon stay home. Honestly, I can't stand it wearing glasses. It's just terrible.
So I'm just, I just do a limited shopping and my son will be like, we're out of this part of this. I'm like, you're just going to be out of it until the two weeks is up and then I'll go back to the store and
I'm kind of living
because I am working so a lot of stores close early, so I'm having to do on the weekends, which is probably the worst time to have to do it. But I get up first thing in the morning, then go. But
All
right. I have to have a teenager, so trying to I mean obviously I don't sit with him like he was a young child and you know, help him with his homework or anything, but just get him getting the motivation to do it is really difficult. It's one thing when you're at school, when you're kind of having to follow a structure, you know, setting that then, you know the way it is now? It's just, I feel like I'm constantly nagging, have you done this work? And I'm getting emails from the teachers that this hasn't been done and I'm like, I just deal with this, I don't deal with this during the school year and now it's like completely different. So yeah, it's strange because we, I mean how how are things going to be changed by august? I mean it's going to be, it's going to be really strange to send the kids back to school I think.
Well
one.
And then there there's so many people that I guess either don't believe it or just believe what they see. Like, like for instance, my my hand is elderly and she she sees the governor come on tv and open things up. So she's like, well now I guess everything's okay now or he wouldn't do this, so everything's safe. And I'm like, no, that's not the case, you know? So I just feel like a lot of people aren't really getting all the information they need, but.
Right. I mean, I guess we should have figured it wouldn't have once they believe they were already pretty pretty divided to begin with. I mean, everything has to turn into a political argument. It's utterly ridiculous, but yeah. Oh, it is. That's that's the way it is and and right, and it's not just, it's not just political, like where I work, I work in a court is my function. So we have a large variety of people obviously that that come in there. Um we have like we have a homeless court, so we have just a homeless community that comes in there. Obviously they have challenges to how they're handling this. And
then
just just other people that aren't homeless, but maybe aren't as concerned. They don't seem to care as much. I mean they're still out doing things they shouldn't be doing while this is going on anyway. So their idea of worrying about a virus is next to none. So we have to try to figure out how we're going to protect ourselves and protect the other people because there are people that are obviously they do care. So we have to figure out how we're gonna start court again, how we're going to have all these things and we know we haven't been having it for a while. So how are we going to start this back up? How are we going the distance? How are we gonna protect people? How we can protect ourselves? Nothing is set up for protection of anyone, I mean at all. So where do we have safety procedures but not in terms of viruses? So we
have got
a long road ahead of us to how we're going to operate.
Right.
Which
we have no capabilities for any kind of uh telecommunication
at all. So it's, you know, some courts obviously in in jails and such as that are set up for that. But we're talking about people that would have to come in anyway. They can't set it up in their homes and it would just be a logistic. Not it is, it really is. And we don't know we've had discussions but we still we're not there. So I don't know what we're gonna do. The State Supreme Court has directed us to only have court in the event of an emergency. So have regular court hearings right now is is not supposed to be happening. So we're kind of waiting until we get the word, but we still have to plan for when that happens because it's not going to be just okay. Welcome back up. Business as usual. We're going to have to really make changes.
I mean we were running through every scenario. I mean we're talking about the cost of it's going to be astronomical too because we don't even have, we have cleaning crews that work at night. So we don't even have people there during the day. So we're going to have to hire cleaning crews to come in and clean between each session. And it's just it's a total nightmare. But our technology is so, I mean, working for the government is so obsolete that I don't know supported on our Windows XP computers and uh
In some situations yes if not they were still in Windows seven so it really it's terrible
district.
no we were just opening up ourselves to
all kinds of rent somewhere. I mean being a government agency your targeted anyway
so but nobody it falls on deaf ears if you make any kind of complaints to idea about it, they just don't don't say that they'll see the issue. So and even that we have to take classes constantly, all employees have to take all kinds of cyber security classes and stuff but I'm like within the best route be that maybe have everything updated to begin with but you know.
Someone in my very office
had done a very similar thing where they were sitting out emails for saying they were from the I. T. Department and he needed to click on this and update your profile and all this information and she did it without even questioning it. I just did it. So of course, you know, thankfully it wasn't ransomware, but they did, you know the irreparable damage to her computer. So they had that had to be replaced. But like you have to really be careful about this stuff and
we have
so much personal information stored and
very much so just like D. M. V. Records and I mean it would be, it would be a great benefit to a lot of people that want to get their hands on something like that. So yeah, you have to protect it. But
I
think
some people are just too busy or they don't care, they don't think about stuff like this I guess. I'm always like in panic mode, like everything's like everybody's out to get me so already. Plus I've had my, I've had my credit card information stolen and you know, many years ago before. And it's a not married to try to fix this, not married to try to get back from that. So yeah,
Unless I live in south Carolina where several years back, they were able to steal all of our tax income information. So you know, my career has been frozen since because of that. That's not, that's not good. And then you have to worry also you have to worry about your child because those are probably the prime targets that, you know, these people are young, not trying to to buy things yet. So when they do go out and try to obtain credit, what's going to happen then?
It seems like every other week you get a letter in the mail that something has been something
that
no one, something's been hacked your hospital records. Something.
No, no, I'm up. I'm right at the north Carolina border. So I'm in the
I'm in the global Spartanburg area.
Oh yeah, that's like if you're headed towards the coast, yeah. On the border. Yeah. Not I weren't there. I'm up at the very top. I'm literally like about a mile away from north Carolina, which makes things interesting too because they're much more of a state of lockdown than we are. So
they're a little bit different there. But yeah, I mean, I'm in the Greenville area by about 40 minutes from Greenville. So that's our hot spot, I guess
In more ways than one now, literally hot spot
awful.
Well, I mean, we had, we had our state received an f the only state in the entire nation received an F in terms of how well we were socially distancing. So There's a lot I mean obviously 85 runs to Atlanta. There's a lot of traffic a lot. And another thing that people have to travel a good ways like me. I mean where I live, I have to travel. I'm going to the store or anywhere. You know, I mean obviously it's not just it's not like a city, it's not an urban environment. So I'm having to travel away. So I guess they're getting cell phone records and people are still driving. People are still out and about but that's about in more rural areas. Have to so.
Mhm.
Well,
well,
no, you know a lot has changed completely. So, we have to actually thought that whether we like it or not.
I think so. I think we got it.
The same
video. Same
video.
Okay. You do. All right. All right.