Oh okay. Do you think? Okay. Yeah. What about? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hi there, can you hear me?
Okay. Super. How are you doing?
Not too bad. Where in the world are you?
South Carolina? Not charleston perhaps?
Oh okay. Okay. Um Yeah I'm in Virginia and and
in about 2 3 weeks in normal times. Um Usually head down to Charleston 1st Gelato, but not not this year.
Yeah, can't beat it. It's one of those places, it just has a quintessential charm to it.
Gotcha. I should I said I guess introduced myself, I'm scott
carla. Okay, we're good to meet you.
don't know. So I guess, you know it's interesting. I don't know if you're you know, you're not it's a random match to have a conversation I'm assuming.
that seems to be what they were suggesting, so I'm sure that's recording and they're doing some fun analysis or whatever, it's all good. Um
So have you been quarantined for long?
Right. Yeah I'm uh working I've been working from home since uh third 16 May I guess it was. Uh Uh
I'm sorry I said I meant March 16th
of March.
I.
Right. Right. I understand.
What?
Okay that's that's pretty interesting. Yeah our restaurants are takeaway only. Um You know and so there's tons of different uh nuances. It's interesting how the differences are between the States.
Um I work in D. C. And so um you know the the the further north you go the numbers just increased dramatically. Um And so we're living in a little pocket here of very low uh You know and so it's it's interesting to see some people just don't care. Some people you know they can be what some may consider fairly irresponsible. Um But uh every time I know that I go to the store and uh wear a mask and all that and you know, I come home and I'm not in a good mood, you know, it's one of those things where it's like this is just not normal. Thank you.
Yeah. They fog up and everything. Right.
there
you go.
Yeah. No, that's that's pretty, I can't fathom so you know, we don't have Children, we have animals but we don't have Children and so um I can't fire them having to deal because like, you know, schools are closed everything, you know? And so um I people that I have on my team, you know have kids and and all of that and and they're being the second grade teacher along with doing their job along
with I mean and it just it's making their their work at home time if you will, you know one of those incredibly challenging experiences. Whereas you know I found time I'm I'm finishing a storage shed, I'm building out back and you know and you know able to have time to a little extra time to do some of these things.
Well yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see how it goes because I mean we're going to have time to see if all this reopening is going to surge infection rates and and complicate things again. Um You know I I tend to think they might um I have a yeah, I don't know if it's personal opinion or have a uh a little bit of experience when it comes to a number of years ago, I was in Department of Defense and was working come bio nuclear and radiological defence. And so we did a lot of modeling and a lot of other things about how um really bad things happen when it comes to like pandemics or or intent some sort of intentional exposure and then how how it proliferates. And so I would all of this stuff was coming up as a result of this experience, you know? And um and um and it was early february, I went to Home Depot and bought some masks because I was like something's this isn't gonna be good, you know? And um they were getting scarce then because people were buying them and sending them overseas. Um but you know, um but and so anyhow, so it's all kind of come around and I'm actually at work, I'm leading a study um on how um the virus survives on materials. Uh And so um this is a different job now but because of my past experience I was kind of like the obvious choice to to lead this project. And so you know the C. D. C. Is doing a lot of studies and a lot of DHS and a whole bunch everybody's doing studies but they're doing it in very specific areas and ways. And so when you are worried about a population that operates in unique environments, those unique materials you don't have answers for. So we're figuring you know doing studies to figure out um you know how long virus last on these unique materials And so you know it's just not a very pleasant kind of a discussion but um And so yeah and it's really interesting to see how things evolve. I mean um you know, under certain conditions, three days turns to 10, you
know, and it just makes it um you know, almost mind mind numbing in the sense of the types of uh recommendations you have to make the people to on how to um uh just deal with things, you
know, because we're almost the fallback is like you consider it worst case, you know, every time. So um any and and then there's a lot of snake oil salesman going on out there and taking advantage of it all and and you know, you understand that, but it does, it's not sure it's not helpful, so.
Yeah, I agree. I mean um you know, trying to be a political and you know, the trouble that I think in the news media is everything is is polar, it's either one side or the other side and you know none of this should be a political issue. There should be, you know and so I think we're we as a country I think are struggling because of the politics around it. Um You know um I've got a lot of friends in in europe and other places and you know they look at how you know what we've done compared to what they've done and they just ask like how how what are you guys doing? All right.
thank
you.
Thanks
so
yeah no that's a great challenge. That was just this week the Supreme Court did it it was a telephonic uh
hearing. Right.
What?
Hey.
Yeah, interesting. I mean sorry my brain always goes to problem solving in certain cases like that. Right. And you can have like computers with the zoom up and and have people managing the space and um you know like you go in, you know you get a clear, you go in, you know and you do the zoom basically zoom call court, they come out, somebody comes in and cleans and you know repeat, I don't know I mean.
You guys are you're still running XP.
Right. Um So almost C. I. O. Of a federal agency and so um you know hearing that you're on Windows XP is really
disheartening primarily because of the not that it doesn't work. Right
security issues.
That's right
Right. No that's that's pretty challenging. Um You know from, you know, so it wasn't too long ago that mhm. I was in an all staff meeting, we were still in person, you know and uh it wasn't intended to scare people but I wanted to give them an example of, okay, what's what's really happening like that, that there is a threat from a cyber security perspective and um I said and and I forget the name is the cities, but I said what do Henderson Nevada? Um Someplace in china um someplace in brazil and Colombia and philadelphia pennsylvania have in common and they were like, you know, we don't know and I said well over the course of the last two weeks, those are locations by which we had cyber attacks on our network, you know, that's where they originated and they're like why does any like, what are you talking about? You know, why is anybody attacking us? Because it's it doesn't matter what you are. If it's a if it's a government entity, you're a target, the headline in the paper. It doesn't say anything except government agency hacked, right? Unless it's sexier than that, you know what I mean? And so um and and so it was funny after the meeting several people came up and they're like you just scared the heck out of me. I was like well I didn't mean to but I want to raise awareness um when we ask you to do all these things, you know um there's there's intent on that. Um when I first took this job that I have now because the practice of the of the agency was to have everybody's email public like on the website. Um I got, so I got called from HR and said hey scott. We received an email saying that you want to change your direct deposit because you made a mistake in your bank account. It didn't sound like you and I'm like no it wasn't me. So somebody spoofed my email and and literally gave new information to HR about where my paycheck should go. Okay. I mean you know Pretty ingenious in one sense right? But but an actual I mean I was I was you know, I was happy that you know my my folks were savvy enough to understand. No that's not normal and that's not that's not how we do things. But um you can imagine a well meaning whoever would make a couple of key changes and be like hey I took care of you thanks. And you're like what? Yeah.
Well.
you
do.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean court records that are you know that they would be sought after.
Exactly. Um Yeah hopefully they teach you guys that you can just hover over the link and it shows it, you know, a lot
of times.
What?
yeah. Yeah, no doubt.
Right now it will be that will be pretty fascinating. I know um you know with us a couple of years back, you know the chinese stole all the you know they broke into OPM or O. N. B. Or whatever I guess OPM and um officer personal management and took just you know millions of records and and so it's like you know everything is out there. Right, so
something's been
hacked.
Exactly. I know it's a mass. Um Well so the northern part of south Carolina, is it up near fort Bragg?
that's
okay, Guardian, sorry, I wasn't thinking brag I was thinking something else. Um Uh huh But yeah that's right where when you're coming and coming down 95 where the uh on the border or whatever you call it, what's the thing called?
interesting. Yeah.
I see, I see.
Exactly and I'm in uh right in between Washington and Richmond, so in fredericksburg
Virginia and You know that 95 corridor just you know, people are cruising up and down and you just don't know, you know it doesn't matter about your area, it's about where everybody else's could bet. Right.
Yeah, no it's totally true. I mean you know we um right as it all kind of started um we were in the market for a car and we found one up in New Jersey that we wanted and and so I guess it was like uh you know the weekend after we started teleworking we went we actually drove to New Jersey. Um Well well actually we took a train to D. C. To the airport to rent a car so that I wouldn't have I didn't you know if we were going to buy this thing, I didn't want to have two trips. So we rented a car at the airport, drove north, test, drove the thing, made the deal turn the car in in philadelphia and drove back. Um And uh because I did a one way rental knowing I could change it if I had to and it all worked out right and and everything was fine but it was very bizarre because that saturday um like The car dealership, we were at said, Hey, at 4:00, we're all out of here and we're told not to come back, you know, we're on furlough, you know, the governors, you know, set a, like a curfew, you know, if you're not in by this time on the road, you're gonna get pulled over, you know, and, and then we got to philadelphia and the rental car place was closed and it was like, how do I even turned in this car, because there's nowhere to do it? And it was just like, and then, you know, you couldn't get dinner on the way home because everything was shut down and it was just like, it ratcheted up like the, like that mental kind of space where you're like, this is really getting serious and you know, up that way, it's the heart of the uh part of the matter now, we weren't quite that far up in Jersey, but still. Um and so it was one of these weird experiences we had and uh and I couldn't help but think, I mean just all that traffic up and down the road, it's just the way things spread its, you know, stop at your gas stations, you stop and it just keeps keeps going. Um I mean, I'm hopeful for, you know, like you said, I don't know that there's going to be a reasonable um normal again for quite a while. Um There's some interesting things starting to happen medically. The one of the most fun things I read recently was about they're using the llama antibody's, you know, that funky looking animal mama. Um uh
and it has two different types of antibodies that react differently than what we've got. And it basically allows the blocking of the spike on the virus. And so what ends up. And so they're looking to it's not a vaccine or anything, but it would be a a preventative treatment that could
last a couple months, you know? And so there's thing, you know, all kinds of studies coming out and so it's going to take time for sure. And I think
anyone that's like oh we're gonna throw a switch, everybody's back normal. It's just not going to be.
that's right. I mean our generation hasn't seen that something like this for you know, in our our lifetime. Yeah. Well I think we've got the time that we need that we're supposed to do.
Well I wish you well stay
safe
and
uh have a great rest of your day.