Hello.
Mhm. Good. How are you?
What? Hey let me go to a different room. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Okay.
How are you doing?
it's monday. Oh right.
No of course. So I just got off of work. I got home uh work at the hospital.
not good. We had hit with uh the ransomware virus. Yeah.
Well I was right. It's
it's uh
everything ah
Everything shut down. No computers they had to rebuild those. You got hit on October 27. So it's not it's, yeah so we had another week. Yeah so when when that happens um there's
no computers whatsoever so you can't you can't even turn them on. They came through an email somebody opened a a weird email attachment and then it spread to everything. Um So you have to switch everything the paper. So now with all the covid
ramp up right so somebody comes into the er they we have to take their information and take their uh take a photo copy of their I. D. Take a photo copy of their insurance. And then we can't even look them up and then sure look them up in the computer we can't
verify their insurance. Um And then yeah and then and then uh you get to um um you get to write orders for them. Uh So stay so you came in and you had a cough and a fever and you had diarrhea right all the all the common signs for Covid. Okay so take the information we put in on a piece of paper we send it up to the left because the land gets that piece of paper along with the test. Or they'll send down a test and then the lab processes it and normally it will go through the computer and say hey you're okay
or you're not okay. Um So if you're not okay um we'll be able to tell you that, but then there's another piece of paper that needs to be run down to the er by a courier and then that then given to the doctor and the doctor reads it and then talk to the patient. So it's a huge mask
Houston.
so I mean I'm in southern Oregon um middle of nowhere on top of the mountain right now. Um No seriously like I literally live in the middle of nowhere. If I put us a light up on my building and my my house people drive down the road and what is that light? So that's the middle of nowhere. We've we we moved here seven years ago and from Chicago originally.
Yeah.
So
it's really good news. It's um it's one of those places where there's tons of trees um and then very little population, a lot of empty. There's a live on the edge of a high desert. Uh huh.
Well
kind
of like, well I'm like I'm like um halfway between the coasts and Idaho and then like, You know about 30 miles away from California. So when we're right in the chunky middle of nowhere, we're five hours from every major city. So five hours from reno five, five hours from Portland. five hours from Boise. Yeah you
It takes me 45 minutes to get to work And work is town. It's like 45 minutes to the grocery
store. You know when I lived in Chicago, It was 45 minutes ago, nine miles. So like it was quicker to bike and you know, it's like it's either take the bus and spend the time sitting or ride your bike. I did a lot of writing. How about you? What do you do where you were living at?
What Sweden? Ohio. All right.
No, it's not. I've got I've got an eight year seven year old that's, we're struggling to read, but it's not fun, isn't nothing, nothing is normal.
So
are you at your school?
Good. There's a school school.
you're doing? Good
Go.
I've
got a 25 year old son in Chicago that was homeschooled. So I gotta get where you're, it's a, it's got his benefits and its drawbacks, but I think the benefits outweigh the drawbacks.
that's
terrible.
Some,
some,
some kills
or some bends.
Well, very cool. I, my power hasn't gone up in, uh, In seven years since we moved here. Um, but that's because I'm off grid. So. Yeah.
Well,
we, when you're your own power company, you don't have to worry about that stuff.
My personal,
it's got it's got a lot cheaper and if you do it, um I've looked into power wall um for Tesla power wall, but Um I really want to do that, it's like that's about $12,000, but then there's like a third event you get back from a credit um from the federal credit. So I'm still on the fence, it's still a lot of money. But um I've got a self built system that he cobbled together by continuing to add panels and uh I learned a con by doing that, but I'd rather I would love to, you know, have a Tesla system. Mhm.
I got you See one power while you wouldn't have gone without power, just saying you don't even need a solar, just have the battery backup, right? So, you know, and like with California being so close to, they constantly shut down the power because of the
risk of a fire, I don't know if you've heard of, we have a ton of fire out. It's well, um, let this past year and it's like, there's a whole season of smoke is terrible from like august to september it was just smoke,
and altitudes got a lot to do with it too, like we're high up. So um, yeah, I can see the, like if you're in the valley, you can see the smoke just in the valley and um, it's pretty like, like, wow, no wonder there's so much cancer, you know? Is that the car emissions? Damn fires.
Well, how was your year so far?
Do
you ever run out of toilet paper?
and that's like one of those weird questions, hey, have you ever ran out of toilet
paper? And so far I've never met somebody who has,
you know.
here here's a toilet paper roll ornaments. Uh
huh. Yeah. No fun.
it's been it's been pretty a weird weird weird year for me. Um We nobody lost their jobs again. I worked at I worked at a hospital bill or um and my wife works as um she works for cade provider. Um So the providers so there's like your state Medicaid authority and then they divide that out to different services. So um different regions, different companies handle a certain region of people if you know what I mean, So she looks shower and accounting for them. And uh the only thing that really got funky for us was the school getting closed
Uh closed in March. And that was like, it's like when we had 50 cases in the state we just close everything down. And uh now now we're 1000 like we'll just keep it open longer and it's it's really weird. Um
But they just
I hope they lock down uh your stuff out there.
What?
Doesn't make sense?
they just they just shut down restaurants here for another two weeks and uh you know it's some I know a few business owners that they're not going to come back. There's just yeah they just got through the first wave and uh and the restaurant, what happened was the restaurant, the food that they had stored right? The restaurant uses a lot of food and You know if you go two weeks For three weeks or a month that food is now no longer good so you lose all your inventory and you have to come up with the money to start all over again. And you know, even if you have a loyal loyal base like um there's some Chicago restaurants that you know it's such a small margin that you know the the owners are making so much money and if you have to start all over or even have to have limited seating, you know, you have a really fine high end dining place that can only, I can only operate on 40% capacity. Well that's there's no profit in 40% profit in 70%. It's just like movie theaters, right?
I'm like wow. Like I don't know, it's I followed A. M. C. Stock, right? Um And it went down like 35% in like a couple of days. And then
um recently It went up like 58% because hey we have the vaccine, everything's gonna be okay. But I don't know if these are gonna come when you're going to feel comfortable bringing your family to a packed movie theater. I mean it's like made us all hyper aware of like germs too right to a point mass. Yeah,
The
parent
is
I have, I haven't gone to a movie and probably like eight or 9 years, probably more than that. It was before my son was born. So I mean it's you go see that movie. Uh
save that. The money got bigger television, you know what I mean?
Have you uh have you subscribe to any like netflix? Disney plus stuff?
So
that's,
that's cool. Yeah. Have you have you watched the mandible orient at all?
I'm like four or 5 episodes into the first season. That's what what made me think of. That was SpaceX's crew. Dragon. Yeah.
the first crew um they just launched yesterday there anti gravity device checking device. What was the baby Yoda? So they brought, they brought baby Yoda.
I'm As their hey, are we in 0G yet? You know? Let's check Neo to yeah, he's floating. So where are you know?
That's
pretty
the dinosaur dragon thing.
With with the if you you, it's like sequence uh on it but like it changed colors I think. Yeah, I know that because my my son, hey can I get this? They always something, can I get this, can I get this walmart trip? Yeah.
Um No, it's uh what they're doing at SpaceX is crazy awesome.
You
know it's like yeah and we are we watch almost, I watch as many as I can. Just the launches are incredible and like what he's gonna do with the Starling Starling that's darling. But the Space Starship they're gonna do like a full on belly flop 15 Mile Test Flight Pretty Soon. But yeah, as soon as as soon as Ellen must stop having covid so right,
if he can get it, you know, maybe I remember when the when the president got him like uh he was he was fine in three days. Um It's a heck of us some drugs man if you can treat it, you know? And uh and and really back to the hospital part we um if you think you have it you have to kind of like look at your county and go, okay, well there's only 4% of the people who get tested are actually cabin. So
it's uh it's all about the, from my experience it's all about the amount of viral load you get. So me walking around in a mask through the hospital all day every day. I get a little bit every day, right? I probably have antibiotics so I'm not sure. But you know, um if if I took off the mask and sat into a patient's room with him coughing for eight hours, that load would way higher than it wasn't for that mask or if I wasn't walking. So the higher the viral load, the worst your condition is going to be and you know, it's contagious, like the common cold. Um No, but it's starting to get to the point where it's, it's no longer going to be labeled as a pandemic. Do you have
more case survivors? And there are yes. So pattern. It's just something that's out there and if you get a lot of it you might not recover. But if you get a little bit, I got some friends who, who, who worked with me who lost their taste and, and smile for a couple weeks and then other than this fine, but I couldn't imagine like not being able to taste or smell for, we're like the rest
of my life. Yeah, they said it literally like they eat food, like it's all about the mouth feel, you know, it's all about how it feels.
all the broccoli, you, all the, all the brussels sprouts, hey? Yeah, I know. Well it was really nice talking to you
And uh, we had 25 minutes and I think we're
one
of them.
Yeah, because I did, I did,
one of these conversations were like, We've got like 23.5 minutes and then he's like, okay, goodbye. I'm like, okay, I guess. And they're like, pay you this time, but not again. Um
yeah,
but how long how long you've been doing prolific?
Have you done any, any anything else? Like mturk?
cool.
It's extra money. It's currently building my christmas fund, so
I think
it's perfect. Okay, we're definitely at 25 minutes
now, so I'll really nice talking to you.
Thanks, you too. Right.