Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right here yeah. Yeah. Maritime.
Hello How are you?
Are you good?
Mhm. Mhm
mm.
Oh
doing well. Doing well just you know it's monday
It's kind of strange just talk to a stranger. Yeah. Um
Oh yeah how's that going?
no.
All
Yeah.
My. Yeah.
Her name was
What?
no.
Yeah.
Yeah it sounds
it would slow things down quite a bit too. Yeah. And then, oh yeah X headache.
Oh wow. So that's a big change then. Yeah. Yes
probably
must be pretty though I've never been to Oregon but I hear it yeah.
closer to Idaho or
my
geography?
that's a is it like middle of nowhere? Like an hour to the grocery store in the middle of nowhere? I was like
hello?
I'm in Ohio
yeah. Um Yeah I stay home with my kids. Uh We're home schooling so that's fun. Um
Well
we
go ahead
home schooling was a pre covid decision for us so. Yes.
Yeah so I don't
I don't mind not yet and
fact.
Yeah and you know it's it's a good thing for now, it might not always be what we do but um it's fun now when they're little it's a lot more flexible. Um It was my daughter's um just just kind of like really started reading, you know we've been working on it for a while and now she's like picking up books and reading them and that's cool, it's cool to be able to get to to really share that with her So um yeah, so so we did that and uh We had a wind storm here yesterday. And what seems to happen in my neighborhood is that our power never goes out during the actual event. But then like 12-24 hours later we just randomly don't have power for a few hours. So that happened today. So probably
they have to
like that down to fix something would be my guess. But you know, they never warn you. And so I just randomly didn't have power so. All right. But uh what else? Or run it? We're doing a closet in our house. So I painted I primed it. Um had a weird stains and it it's kind of an older house. So we used an oil based primer to block the stains. But then I had to clean it up and cleaning up
oil based penis.
Unless
you're,
yeah, it's um, it might be kills brand. Yeah. I had to, I think it is kills the other one I had was like a shellac base and I didn't want to use that like inside the house. Yeah. So. Yeah. Yeah,
are very much
on.
That's nice though. Yeah. Yeah.
My parents live not not as far out in the middle of nowhere as it sounds like you are, but much more so than I do. So I think they're kind of interested in that sort of energy independence. Um
I read a little bit about it. My, you know, my dad talks about it sometimes and I try to follow along. We are, we're very much like in the city, so it's not something we're going to be doing care anytime.
he is.
That's yeah, A friend of mine used to live in Idaho um and she would like, she actually can breathe better here. She has pretty severe asthma and like she's like, yeah, there were just a few months of the year. I just didn't breathe while. That's like that's awful.
Yeah. I mean who knows what you're breathing in? That's yeah. Thanks. Um Mhm.
Uh I think you know better than a lot of people's years. Um We didn't lose jobs or anything so thankful for
that.
We did not actually um I want to say it was maybe like the last week of february, the first week of March kind of before everything really went crazy out here and my husband was going to Costco and he's like, I'm just going to buy, I'm just gonna buy it now, you know, like it would have been like our next trip, we would have bought it, but he's like I'm just gonna buy it now just a kid, so yeah
bang,
No, no,
I haven't met anyone either, I um yeah, I don't know, I was laughing, I was looking up right, um I was looking for christmas ornament like craft ideas, you know for kids on on Pinterest and like last year when I did this, you know, it was kind of just you know general ornament crafts this year, there's all kinds of like 2020 hot like toilet paper, christmas, ornament like foolishness, lots of covid themed christmas ornaments, like not what I was expecting, like I'd like to use christmas as a way to not think about so about this
yeah
yeah, that's special mhm
No.
that's basically
go ahead, I'm sorry.
Yeah, so um at least and this sort of the country I think Ohio is one of the earliest too to shut down, like they close the schools and they close the restaurants and all this stuff um And it was March 13 I think was when everything really got shut down. Um And again that was really before we had a significant case load in the state. Um Yeah and now there, I don't know, they issued some new like mandates that some of them make sense based on where the cases are coming from, Some of them don't make sense, so I don't know,
it's like
well so they they're talking about shutting down, I don't think they've done it yet, but last week the governor said that they were looking at possibly shutting down bars and restaurants again for indoor dining. Um which right now They're only largely open till 10:00 at night anyway, so they're already like limited operation. Um but what I keep seeing, you know, I don't personally have time to dig into all the numbers, but what's being reported is that the, um, the cases, they're not seeing like significant spread from bars and restaurants. They're seeing it from like personal gatherings and, you know, weddings, funerals, like that kind of thing. So, you know, you just kind of feel bad for people that are going to get their businesses shut down again when that's not really where the cases are coming from, you know? So I don't know. I don't think that makes sense, but
Mm hmm.
Country.
Well, and even, you know, like a movie theater is expensive. Like, you know, you're talking about like
it's
so,
you know, all of these people lost their jobs or you know, had to use all their savings to stay afloat. So who has, who has the money to go to the movies? You know? It's like
Yeah. I'm,
I think we were averaging like one a year pre covid. But yeah, again, like we have Children like, you know, yeah. So yeah,
we do have um we got Disney Plus. Actually my parents got it, it was like free with their Verizon plan or something. So they gave us one of the logins. So that's been fun because yeah, we are. I actually had a baby in january. So I think my my other Children so my other two Children I think watched like every animated movie on Disney Plus and like the two weeks after the baby came home like
I'm
getting,
I've seen the first season, I haven't started the second season yet so um
Yeah.
That's fun.
I guess that
we
watched yeah we watched the lunch last night. Um But I didn't see I didn't see the baby Yoda. Um when we watched the one in june they had like a little dragon. You know if the dragon pot
we found him. Yeah.
Yeah
because
it's
Well.
True.
Are
Tired.
I actually used to work with this girl who didn't have a sense of smell at all. Um And that's what she said because I asked I was like well do you have like a favorite food And that's what she said You know I like the texture of something is better than the other but yeah. Strange.
you too. Yeah so
I think we're very close. We might need to go we might need to go one more minute. I think
I think
I thought it was 902. Um When we started talking. Yeah. Yeah but
other,
yeah no
that's a
oh maybe about a year maybe a little bit longer I guess it's been like a year and a half. Yeah so
I haven't ever gone m trick. Um Yeah this is this this is the kind of the only like survey type thing or study type thing I've done. Um Yeah, I heard about it. I actually have a part time job I do just on the computer and I heard about it. I heard a prolific from someone in the work chat, you know, so like, Oh
yeah,
yeah, it's building our vacation fun for, you know, when we're all a lot
of traveling.
I think,
you too take care but.