hi there. Yeah
I uh
I'm really late sorry how are you doing?
That's good. What are you
what are you up to today?
Mhm that's good.
off work
today
which is nice yeah.
Um So
how's the weather over there?
warm around
here
is it? Right
T. V. Uh huh. Are you still there? Mm.
picture went away um mm
No I'm not getting it but that's okay. Um
so the weather over here is not bad, it rained a lot but it's uh done raining I think. Yeah.
Have you read any good books? Mhm.
Or
what's your favorite
it's a it's a very interesting book. Oh my personal favorite book is a book called The Confidence Man by a Man named Herman Melville. It's a It's about a snapshot of life on an 18th century or I guess 19th century riverboat. Um It's pretty neat,
it's about really the whole idea of what confidence is. Um
And I think for a lot of people, confidence is something that you feel like you need to show others, but uh for more people than not, confidence is something that uh other people give you, and I think that's a big thing
now. Uh
what got you into the survey stuff? Mhm.
The survey website, Yeah.
What got you interested in it?
Well, how did you, how did we meet?
How did you meet, or what got you interested in? Prolific.
Okay, Have you, have you been in college?
Nice. What's your master? What
was your major?
Where do
you uh where do you work?
I mean, and where do you where do you live?
how is
I live in the midwest. Yeah,
it's in the USa yeah,
I
guess I should
have prefaced, Yeah, it's in the USA. Yeah, So you're in san Jose California. I'm in michigan.
no, it's not snowing right now. We had a couple days of some snowy weather a few
weeks ago. Uh It's funny, michigan is actually, it's considered sub arctic as opposed to subtropical. Like new york. People think new york is
cold, but new york is
technically subtropical, whereas michigan is sub arctic um just due to
the weather and how much land mass in michigan uh receives days below freezing by large or by by and large. We have more freezing days than uh warm days. And you can definitely feel that in michigan. I like it, it's beautiful. Mhm. Now, were you, were you born and raised in uh san Jose? Were you born and raised in san Jose?
No.
what
was
what was the what was the impetus for heading to America?
the impetus like what what was your what made you want to come to America?
No
Sounds like India is a good place to retire to after you make a lot of money. Yeah.
That sounds cool.
That's pretty mean.
Now with this working from home thing wouldn't you be able to then go to like a place with a low cost of living outside of California and then make even more because if you can do the remote work from home while still maintaining your current level of pay. If you go to a place
like Duluth
or Arkansas where the cost of living is a fraction of what it is in California, you can retire in like three years. I mean that would be what I'm up to. Do you uh do you invest at all? Do you invest? Yeah.
well,
which is, I mean that's the kind of thing where it's a competitive job market in California, but it might be the kind of thing that you go to michigan or you go to Washington is probably still pretty saturated with uh that very competitive, but there's
definitely there's definitely opportunities.
smart.
Yeah, at least, I mean, michigan up until this virus hit, uh it was pretty simple, you know, I mean, michigan didn't have the most amount of jobs, but amazon had through their web service. Uh they had developers and stuff in Detroit. Um there were a couple of startups that were coming in to michigan, a lot of places really like to michigan because it was like I said it was a fraction of the price of the California aesthetic and you could pay a little bit less but still get a higher caliber of workers. And uh I think up until this virus hit, uh it kind of played out in the favor of expansion as opposed to any sort of recession. Um But now I think we're heading towards, you know, some global slowdowns and michigan has been hit probably the hardest by this virus, so.
My
best friends, my best friend does uh server systems for amazon marketplace and his starting pay his first year was 100 and 50,000, So uh he's been there for about five years. I haven't asked him sense because it's not kind of appropriate to ask. Uh but I'm I'm confident that he's making over 150.
What
benefits?
that's the dream job. No, I don't I don't do uh computer science or any server system stuff,
I do massage.
yep,
I did that.
my work just opened up yesterday, but I'm not even doing massage until michigan uh opens up completely.
Yeah. It's funny a lot of the people that I saw because I did the triage, I checked the temperature because I work at a chiropractor's office. Uh A lot of the clients that went in for the chiropractor are people that wanted to go get massage, Like my actual clients, half of them were at least, so I'm confident that when this starts back up, I'm going to have a huge influx of people that want massage and that's pretty cool. But
I don't know, it's it's the kind of thing that I pour my money into uh businesses
like
stocks type stuff so that I don't have to continue waiting uh to retire. I figure within the next five years I can retire. Mhm. So
yeah, it's a it's a hard thing. I think one of the big things too is that right now, nobody really is certain what the best stock options or like stock picks are. Uh when this had started, I read
about.
Oh cool. Yeah there are, there's a lot that you can do right now and I think I've heard obviously uh data if you're trading in data, it's easy money. Um But I I don't tend to play any of those games uh because the V. I. X. X. In like 2019 went just absolutely bonkers. And when I was messing around with options, that was really one of the things that I put my money in. Um And I didn't end up losing any money in that instance, but when that happened, I was like, you know, there's there's a lot of unforeseen factors like people freaking out because the volatility index is doing good and there's no volatility, so that's going to create volatility that Really?
Uh huh. Yeah, I've been playing with cryptocurrencies lately um and I've seen a lot of success with that. I think one of the big things that is going to come out of it in the next couple of years are smart contracts and that's uh that's really where I I hedged a lot of my money currently Paid off really well, I'm up 2000% since 2018, but it's uh it's risky, crypto is I think it's one of those things that you have to know what you're investing in and understand the importance of it before you get hyped up in a bullshit, pardon, my french. Oh,
so what do you like to do for fun? Uh huh.
And
you study newspapers? Mm Okay. So what is, what does that mean? I'm curious.
I've never
heard anybody say that.
so you translate it?
That's pretty
how are things over in India?
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Yeah. What do you think the let's talk about? I guess the virus, because it's a big thing that everybody likes to talk about. What do you think the next 6 to 12 months are gonna look like? Mhm.
It doesn't matter dealer's choice.
Well,
yeah, that makes sense. Uh Do you think we're gonna get a resurgence of cases in the next couple of months?
Oh,
Because I read yesterday that 100 million people recently got locked down again in china, the north east provinces of china. Mhm. So I wager that it will probably spring back up again within the next couple of months. Um I think one of the biggest problems we have is that because people are I guess attempting to delay the inevitable um by locking everything down, you are just postponing the people that would have died from the virus, giving them a couple more months. Because once they open back up, if the virus is still there and they catch it, they're dead. If they're going to die, they're gonna die six months ago or six months from now. And I think one of the biggest problems is that there's never been a vaccine that was produced for any uh coronavirus,
the stars vaccines all had uh attacked the
after the virus mutated. So it's it's very peculiar. I mean, we haven't come up with a vaccine for the SARS virus since 2000 and three. We've had 17 years
to work on it. I don't believe that we're going to be able to solve this. And I don't think RNA vaccines our wise, I think when we mess with RNA, what you're doing is you're at the fundamental level changing the
the building blocks
of what
makes a human to human. But that's just me. Yeah.
What's your favorite song? Or do you have a favorite band musician?
Okay, What's uh What's your favourite 1? I'll write it down
Particular.
R.
E. A. M. U. L. O.
Okay, so I really like jazz music. Um And if I had to pick a favorite song, wow. Mhm. Middle of special.
Um Yeah, that's more boogie Woogie that could just straight swing or Jack. But it's really good better songs I've ever heard. Yeah. And then uh yeah, I like jazz a lot. No. So what do you hope to be doing in the next five years? Mhm.
Thanks, I can see that, II plan on retiring in five years. Uh because of what I invested in, I don't want to trade, I really just I think what I've done is I've picked the best thing that anyone could pick and I'm just going to hold it, I put uh $4,000 in when it was 40 cents and I have $30,000, and if it keeps going, I'll be very well off and if not I'll find something else. But I think the three biggest things to not do or get invested emotionally in something. Uh
Because when it becomes your future or when it becomes your money or when it becomes your company, that's when you have the psychological issues of like I can't let this go, even if it's just completely tanking.
Um But I
think that likewise, you should have the
alternative not be true either where
you are too quick to let something go at the first
sign of any hardship.
I mean you can, you can read each mocha clouds all day and you can follow
the candles
and say, oh yeah, this is great, we're really, we're hitting where I wanted
to be, but once I hit this number I'm going to cut, there's a happy medium
between, I'm going to hold this down to zero and I'm going to sell right before the pump or right before we hit the top. You can't always, and you shouldn't
always time the pump. What you should do is you should look at global trends, you should see what the questions are going to be asked five years from now that the technology available today is going to answer. That's what I'm just. What about you?
uh huh Where do you go for your your news about your uh stocks
or?
finance is definitely uh
good
You
know
all.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you were cutting out. What was it?
Okay. I know a lot of people really like the motley fool. Um And a lot of people uh go on Reddit. Do you know anything about Reddit?
It's
what?
Yeah I think you have to pay for it.
And then
there's read it. I I've never paid for the subscription so I I don't know I had a coworker that really liked Miley Fool. Um And it was funny he told me about four years ago to invest in Gilead. Uh
The company
that what?
yep and that was right as they were thinking because they produced the yeah they were kind of tanking because they came up with the cure for hepatitis. Uh and when you cure a virus, you I mean you see huge gains initially, but then you dropped because it's like, well what are you going to do next? Um and now with Remdesivir, if I had, if I had held, I'd probably be doing pretty well, but like all things, if you look to the past uh for what you could have done today, you'll miss out on what you should be doing tomorrow. Mm But yeah, right at school, I personally don't like write it because of the voting system. You can game the system based on your uh whether or not
an idea is able to be brigade ID, you can pay people, You know, $5 to send 100 likes your way. And that could be the biggest dog shit idea of all time and everybody will eat it up. And then when everybody is wondering why they're out of money, it's because everybody agreed
that
this was the best idea ever. Even if it clearly wasn't. And I think with that level of, uh, muddying the waters, it's difficult to find any clarity. But uh, I think, I think we've reached the 30 minute mark in our conversation. You want to keep
going or do you want to cut and run?
Well, uh, I got a daughter in the other room that I, I'm going to make some lunch for, so I'll catch you later. Okay. It was a pleasure meeting you
and
good luck
in your journey.
You're welcome. Take care,