wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah I can hear you. Can you hear me? Okay?
I'm pretty good. I just finished eating my lunch. Um And yeah not much going on. I was just doing some surveys earlier. What about you?
Where are you? And are you in the U. S.
Yeah. Are you on pacific time?
Okay. That makes sense because there's only one p.m. Right here. Yeah.
So you said okay
Catherine.
Nice to meet you. Have you um done one of these videos before with another person?
Yeah this is actually my third time doing it um
through
better up labs. Um And so the first two it was pretty good. We just talk about whatever we wanted. So. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Did you say if I'm at west
um in California?
Okay. Have you lived there your whole life or?
Okay. Yeah staying with me. I've lived in California my whole life. Yeah
I do. Yeah especially the weather I think Um because I mean there's there's snow and like it gets cold like in the northern regions of California but I live in the central pretty much the central valley. So year round it's like it doesn't get too cold but in the summers it gets kinda hot like over 100 sometimes but for the most part it's pretty comfortable living here weather wise. But the cost of living is super high in California to other places.
Have you traveled to many states?
What?
Okay. Yeah I've
only
been, oh go ahead.
No not really. I've only been to, let's see Oregon Nevada. Is that it? I mean? Okay. Organ of a dish um Illinois because my dad's side of the family lives in Illinois, so when
I was younger we would visit them kind of often maybe like once a year. So I guess I've only been to three states or including California, four states. But yeah, I don't travel that much. Yeah.
Um as of now um
like since january actually I started in March, I think since March I've been doing surveys only. Um I just recently got my nursing degree,
so
I've been trying to find a job, but I haven't been able to yet.
Well,
yeah. Okay. Yeah, I would. But um I think most like I'm in since I'm a new graduate student, I think most new grads um aren't able to find a work at home job if you're in the nursing field. Like I think they expect you to have maybe like at least five years of experience in order to do that. Yeah.
I'm like a more towards hospital. Yeah. Why do you ask?
I've
never
is that a company? I've never heard of that company.
But so did you say they were home health
care nurses and then they work for the insurance company now? Right,
left.
That's not good. It's a nice option for them. Oh,
you might think,
Have you been working with them for a while?
And
um so what was I gonna ask you? Um Oh yeah. So with the current job that you have where you always able to work from home or just because of this pandemic, then you started working from home?
well. Nice. Do you like it? Do you like working from home?
So
uh my boyfriend's sister, she gets to work from home occasionally. Well, I guess more often than not, but she says she like for her purse personality, I guess she much prefers to go into work because she thinks working at home is like kind of boring and she doesn't get to see a lot of people. So I guess each person is different.
So in the first six months, like during your whole job or during your whole time at work, you pretty much didn't talk to anyone? Mm.
Did you gain a lot of experience, work at best buy in order to use your skills at this current job? Mhm.
You
just
turned
it all yourself or? Really?
this
that's that's impressive. You self taught yourself and you know how to fix computers? Is it, is it pretty easy now, like
if someone like gives you a computer that stops working or whatever, you would be able to help them out or is it dependent on like how easy or how hard it is?
Yeah, I wish I had a friend who could help me out. I mean I don't have any problems currently with my laptop, but I remember like in high school I have I had to go through like maybe three different laptops because they all gave me problems and I didn't know how to fix it.
Um Did you build your own computer or anything? Are you into building your own stuff?
Wait,
okay. I've never heard of that company,
no.
Did you ever get into any programming or coding?
No um so basically I was in a nursing program for two years and there was a theory side where we had to attend classes and then there was a clinical side where about once a week we would be matched up with different hospitals in my area. So we would go in about once a week for like a 12 hour shift. And then um we would pretty much just follow around the nurses and then at the end so there are four semesters so like nearing the end of my fourth semester we did this thing called the Precept er ship. So each of us was assigned to like a different hospital on a different unit. Um And basically we were like uh new ground nurse because we had our own patients. Um we cared for them and then pretty much are precept er was just on the side to help us out if we needed anything. So that was pretty much the program. So yeah we mainly work in hospitals doing bedside care and no medical coding. Yeah we don't learn any of that.
I couldn't do what you're doing. So you
know
I know. Yeah
I've seen
I've seen the news and everything and I know I personally know a few friends and family who are nurses in. They tell me how difficult it is. Especially during this time.
Yeah. Um I'm kind of picky though because I know they're hiring like in different states and stuff but I kind of want to stay here in my area and I don't want to leave my family, you know santa.
Yeah. But unfortunate I don't know how it is in other states but I know like in California in my area especially because I live, do you know where sacramento is? Have you heard of sacrament?
So especially in this area it's pretty populated with nurses and I don't know I guess it's just more difficult to find a job here. Yeah. But hopefully
soon.
I do I have two dogs but they live with my um parents right now, so I live about half an hour away from my parents and um they're over there so they're like my childhood pets growing up so I got to visit them pretty often like maybe twice a month I go visit my parents so good to see them at that time. What about you?
what kind of breed?
he has he has like the fur of a poodle?
when you when you got him they didn't tell you like what breed they think he is?
I wonder if they try to abandon the dog, you know
what?
But
I'm glad
I'm glad you're taking care of him now, it's a better home so you've had him for a while or just recently?
wow. So was he do you think he was like just a little puppy when you got him
I wonder what breed that is. I need to get one of those.
So did they all get along with each other?
Yeah I heard smaller dogs tend to live longer. Right.
My two dogs are so one of them is a chihuahua and dachshund mix. Um And the other one is a rat terrier and swallow mix so they kind of look a little
bit of like but they have very different personalities.
Kind of so the rat terrier mix one um He's very mellow and he doesn't he's kind of older too and he he's pretty lazy he doesn't do much so he only time he like yaps a lot or like barks a lot. I think it's when I don't know like sometimes he barks at strangers and sometimes he doesn't so it was pretty unpredictable for him but for the other one, the dachshund mix, she's she's like very very noisy at times, so whenever someone comes over to my parents house um she's very protective and she starts barking all day like until they leave, sometimes it's very hard to get her to stop working. Yeah. I don't know why like even I don't know it's hard to train her to stop barking. Do you know like have you ever encountered a dog where they would constantly bark and do you
know how to like stop them from barking?
Well
so even if he doesn't see anyone who just sparks.
I
mean did it happen like all 10 years? You haven't?
did you
move
from like within Kentucky?
Yeah, because you wanted like a change of place or is there like a certain reason why you like to move a lot?
opponents.
So you said you already purchased it and you're currently renovating it? Okay.
Are you are you actually like renovating yourself or are you hiring people as well?
So do you have experience renovating houses?
it's finished. And you said maybe sometime in october
that's cool. So you're, you're more of like a self sufficient kind of personal uh you just teach yourself how to do things and you do it.
Yeah. That's nice. Do they live around you right now?
How is it like having, wait, sorry. I don't know if you told if you said, did you have all girls? You have
$3? Okay.
actually have two sisters as well, so I'm gonna three daughters situation
in the middle. Yeah,
I like being the middle child. Um I don't know for some reason I heard that people don't like being the middle child because they don't get enough attention or something, but I like having an older and a younger sister. Yeah.
Is she like a troublemaker?
Maybe it's just me, but hopefully she's not too unhappy, but yeah. How was it like being a father of three daughters?
No,
I
don't know
unless they marry a rich guy or something?
Um Do they get along with each other,
Are they? So you have a one year old? So do they help take care of the one year old? The two
do
you
believe?
It's nice, but for
Right. I'm scared to have kids. Yeah,
I'm 28 right now, so I'm almost hitting my 30 mark and I don't know. I feel like like I don't have a full time job yet. I'm not married yet, but I'm getting close to 35 which is like, you know, for a job where you should start having your first child if you want it. So we'll see how it goes though.
huh. So what are your plans for the rest of your day?
Do you try to go like a few times a week to go work on the house?
Does
here?
I don't think so. Pretty much. Just taking more surveys online. Yeah, I don't have any plans for today. Mm
um I use prolific and mturk. Yeah. Are you on that platform to or just prolific?
I've
heard
that. Is that another survey website? Okay,
I
have heard of that before.
Yeah. How was paid viewpoint? Is it kind of like prolific or?
It could be,
yeah, So you don't, you probably don't make as much on page viewpoint compared to prolific.
actually make a little a lot more on emptor. Yeah, Yeah, so since I've been staying at home all day and I have another work to do um and I'm pretty much on my computer, like, I don't know, maybe five or six hours a day. Um And so in a week on em trick, I could probably make around 1 50 to 200 a week.
And I'm realistic. I think I only make probably like in pounds would be like £100 a month, which is maybe
like 100 and $20 in USD. So
so pretty much what I make in a week on mturk I make in a month on politic,
it's through amazon, just like different requesters, they post stuff on there. Yeah. So
have
you
looked
at,
have
you looked into it?
But you've
heard of it?
Yeah. Do you have, do you think you have like some downtime because you work at home? So do you think you have some downtime during work to go on entry?
it's different because like I'm prolific, you just fill out your about me and then they send you surveys right, but for mturk you actually have to actively look for it, which takes longer, you know? But it's more like you you have a lot more different surveys and different other tasks to do. So um
Yeah. What was I gonna say? There's this thing called mturk suite that if you want to do it you should download because it helps you out a lot. It constantly refreshes your feed to check for new content. And um you could like catch hits as they're called. Hits like every survey or thing that you do on there so that you could catch hits that that other people have taken but then they return later so then you could. Yeah but I heard um um I don't know what what exactly the processes but I heard some people aren't able to be accepted into Mturk. I'm not sure exactly the reason. So you just have to apply for it first and then see if they accept you. But I think I got accepted in two days so hopefully if you apply he'll be able to get accepted pretty quickly too.
Yeah. Yeah you should have, you want to try to make a little bit of more side money then it's pretty good. Yeah.
I think I've talked like the other two conversations. I think I probably mentioned them. Turkey. Yeah. But yeah, I really like prolific. I like how you don't have to do much work. They just send you the surveys and then you're qualified so you just take them.
Okay.
It was nice talking to you.
Yeah. Thank you so much. And hopefully your home renovation turns out the way you want it and on time and you get to move in soon.
Okay? Have a good rest of your day.
All right. Bye.