Hey? Can you hear me? Okay.
So how's it going?
I just got off work and working from home. Yeah. Working from home. I'm just sitting in my chair so
I am. Are you
normal eastern time?
that's four years. So Uh
What's your, what's your name?
Catherine chris nice to meet you.
It's been a while, but yeah. Yeah, I have um they don't really give you a whole lot of direction.
Well,
well,
so are you are you out west somewhere?
Yeah. Are you out west? Like, are you like a like what what state are you in
California? The last person I talked to was in California? Thank I'm in Kentucky.
I have Yeah.
You like it out there?
I'd like to go there though someday. I've never made it that far west furthest west I've ever been as Nebraska. So hopefully they
Um kind of up and down like this kind of north and south of me, but not very far west. Um Been to like a Virginia
and michigan florida. Um I've never made it to texas or anything though out there. So I've never been to like maine or new york either I'd like to,
you've
heard,
I just say if you drive we travel a lot
well
yeah. Yeah. Well um so do you do you do surveys like a full time gig or you got something else you got on the side to or?
Of.
Go
out
mm. You like, would
you like to work at home if you could?
you be interested in like home care nursing kind of stuff or you want to be like more part of the like a hospital chain or?
Well do they have, do they have humana, I'm assuming humanity in California as well.
Have
you heard
it's an insurance company that's who I work for. But we don't have a lot of like field nurses that we do. We have um like under our under the Humana Monica or whatever it's called. Human at Home. And that's as much like home home care nurses and they have to have certification stuff too. So I didn't know if there was something you'd be interested in, something like that.
It
Yeah, it's like a Humana
owns like a subsidiary of healthcare organizations and one of them called Human at Home. And it's just, you know people who in different states, they can go care for people that don't have so they don't have to go in and you know, the hospital or immediate care, anything that can just have somebody come to them. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah, I do I. T. For them. So you know um
I like it like a very nice company.
I've been with him for almost two years now. Before
that I'm with best buy for 17 years. Uh huh.
So I had to train um for about six months in downtown Louisville Kentucky. Uh And then after that they let me come home full time. So I've been at home for about a year and a half now. I'm.
Oh yeah I love it. Yeah. Yeah
it's different.
Oh yeah for sure I can see the one for that really like in the I. T. Field so if I went into the office I want to talk to people anyway so might as well work.
no it's had like a lead technician that I reported to but it was pretty much all just learning all of their different layered systems and everything for that law. Plus they were going through some major changes at the time so it kind of made it a longer training than I probably should have been. Um Yeah, it's everybody has their own little projects going on so you don't really collaborate a lot. So. Yeah. Pretty. No. Well the direction,
because I work for the call center for the month call center, the the repair center in Louisville which is where all the ups hubs bring all the laptops of media period from. So I've been repairing laptops for so long and you know having to do all the changes that yeah, they just um I didn't have any schooling so
they got
me
on.
Yeah I have no I had some vocational training in high school. I went to college for one semester. I did nothing to have anything to do with their so it had to be you know that work experience that let me get in here. Which I'm glad they, you know, have those kind of
opportunities. Yeah
and.
no, I mean as long as it's not like a maybe like a mainframe issue, something like that or maybe some really advanced server stuff, any like end user equipment, I can I can fix pretty much anything with that. That's also all I've done so.
Oh no. Yeah. Yeah, it's a people depend so much on technology now, it's a scary thing when it doesn't work. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Oh yeah, I've been I've been doing that since I was probably 15 um back back when it was a commodore 64 like
before I knew, you know. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, they're like you've heard of the Tandy,
okay, it's just really old equipment, you can, you know, it's like early eighties so um yeah been doing it a long time.
I tried I tried it it wasn't for me um A lot of uh attention to detail and math that I couldn't really wrap my head around. I tried to learn python and c well a little bit of java and I just I never got very far in just like the hardware side stuff a lot better. Yeah. Um So with your with your nursing, did you ever have to go through any kind of like a medical coding or like uh M. C. A. I think is what it is what is called for like a.
no that's it takes a a lot of I don't know like I couldn't do it I don't think I don't think I can do it you better person than I
michigan
yeah. Yeah especially right now wow, I mean being nervous, it's majors.
Hopefully
you
yeah, hopefully that will pan out great for you though and you fly high with that.
Yeah, I guess especially right now. Probably you can pick whatever it seems like you can feel in demand at this point.
I have. Yeah,
So
yeah, hopefully. Yeah, that would be great. Um you mean like answer anything?
I've got a dog that's around here somewhere. He's laying in this bed right now.
I have no idea. I think he's got some food. All this. Yeah, he's asleep. Yeah, pretty small dog. But you know, I never could figure out what he is. He's like a poodle but he's got longer legs and stuff that I would imagine poodles will have. So I really don't know my
yeah, it's like that like it doesn't shed or anything you know that kind of course here one day I'll find out what it is.
No actually I found him actually. Uh Yeah well I I didn't person my father in law was coming home from work and found him on the side of the road and his feet were all messed up I guess from I don't know the rocks sitting on the road for so long. Um And uh so he took him in and like hydrated him and got him back to you know walking around and stuff and I took him from him so I don't know he he had a chip in him so he took him to the vet and they said uh they called the people and they said they didn't have a dog so we just kept him.
it's true.
Seems like, yeah I don't it's
pretty
soon.
no I've had uh probably 10 years, probably 10 years.
Yeah, no I don't think he's changed sides very much at all, it's probably 20 years
Yeah. Yeah, I don't know, he's been around for a while, we we I had four dogs but they've all passed away in the past year, which was crazy. But uh yeah, he keeps on going so hopefully we'll another two years,
Oh yeah, yeah, they were they were fine. One of them was a Pekinese I think uh and it had it had seizures so we had to take care of it a lot, but then we had to carry interiors like total from Wizard of Oz and uh they I mean they both lived almost almost 12, almost 14 so they would quite well um Yeah, they're good dogs,
Yeah, that's what I heard too. Yeah. Yeah.
Six.
Yeah. Are they really happy since they have the chihuahua at him like that or? Uh huh.
Only
I don't really, yeah I know it's really annoying in the morning whenever he wants to go out we'll go out to use the bathroom when he's out there, he'll just mark like until we let them back in and he's not doing it you know um to come back in he's just parking and everything out there. So it's bad because it's always so early in the morning. I'm always freezing with neighbors but no complaints yet. So yeah I don't know how to get to stop doing
that. You let him out the door. He's on the board
this bargain I guess he hears something in the distance. I don't know something I can't hear you go out there and bark so I don't know. Maybe it's c now.
Well
well it's just we've been living here actually so probably about three years I guess. Um But yeah because before that was in another place. Get a lot more room to room around there though, so I don't know if he was doing it or not. Yeah
I
mean
yeah I've lived and probably I say at least eight different houses but they've all been within 20 miles of each other. So yeah just upgrading moving around here. Um I'm going back to my parents for a little while uh find out 16 years ago. But yeah I've never been very far from this area so as far as living. Yeah.
Yeah. Just at first it was just because like when I first moved out it was like I moved into like a trailer and then I had a couple apartments I went to and I finally got a house and then I got another house then. Um right now I'm actually living with my sister in law in a couple of rooms because we have purchased an old farmhouse, we're renovating. So there will be, I was able to was able to save up this whole time, will pay cash for it, so
that way out of debt. Yeah, so that was our next move from here, which I'm hoping to be in there by late october so another move. Don't protect it though, I'm just gonna stay there.
Yeah, it was I think it was built in like 1910 I think uh which is used to be an old like railway town. It's called Living injunction in Kentucky. It's a railway town and it's just this old farmhouse that like a brokerage owned it, nobody would have been abandoned for like three years. So we got a really good deal on it. And uh yeah I've been working since for a while since I've been here so about almost three years I've been working on it to get it ready to go, but we're very close so. Yeah.
No it's 100% me and my dad. Yeah.
Um Not a whole not this is my first whole whole remodel but I've done a few basements and things like that like actually uh like finishing them, you know if they're unfinished basement, things like that and I hope my my parents build their first house but I was a teenager so I don't really remember a whole lot of that but uh early team but yeah reading a lot learning as I go, going through all the permit process and all that but so far so good. Uh huh.
Yeah that's what I'm hoping to move in and I'm sure you will have everything immediately but at least we'll have you know uh it'll be livable, it's eventually gonna be a four bedroom three bathroom house right now, it's just gonna be a four bedroom one bathroom house until I get the rest of it done. But I'm running all the plumbing everything in place, it's just you know it takes time and money. Uh huh.
I got to be yeah I've got I've got three daughters so I'm just trying to provide for them and you know be able to give them some kind of inheritance and some you know I would like to pay for schooling for them and stuff like that so um yeah I don't gotta do something.
Oh yeah no they're they're all really young, I've got a 10 year old. A four year old and a one year old. Yeah but they're all really young but uh yeah that's crazy around here sometimes. Yeah.
Over
this yeah.
Are you like the middle child? Our oldest? Yes
the middle
that's good to hear. So I'm always worried about the middle one.
It's not so much that it's just like I'm afraid that like the younger one takes a lot of attention away from her because she's a baby and needs a kind of care. And then the old my older one is such an extrovert that she's constantly outgoing and taking all the attention off over there too so it's just hard to find a niche for her to get the attention that she needs. So um that's good to know though that you don't have to be uh unhappy as a middle child.
I can't even describe it, I never thought I would have three daughters, but um
yeah it's a it's amazing and it can sometimes be a little heartbreaking though, some of the things they say and you know just thinking I'm going to have to pay for three weddings and
you know,
oh that sort of thing. But
yeah hopefully though, you know they'll find the people that you know that uh soul mates are there for you because you want to be hungry. But yeah, it's a it can get pretty intense sometimes. You definitely don't have a lot of time for yourself. Yeah. Yeah,
for the most part, yeah.
my oldest, she's 10 and she takes she takes care of their younger to a whole lot, especially while I'm while I'm
at
work,
you know? Um
I I think the youngest who will probably end up being closer um in the long run, but uh yeah, it's nice, I think they're spaced out nuts. Yeah.
Are you?
Yeah. Never, no, never say never. For sure. Yeah,
I actually have done this is probably the first open evening I've had in a while. I might go work on the house son, but I might just sit around here with the dog, I don't know, watching netflix or store.
Yeah, I'll try to go after work every day and then I pretty much commit all the weekends to being over there. What
about yourself?
You got big plans?
Well do you use a lot more than just prolific or? No, You said you're on a different, aren't you
I'm not, but my sister has done it, so I know about it, but I haven't done that. I pretty much to choose prolific and a viewpoint
you
heard of them?
yep. He's a paid viewpoint and uh sometimes I use a survey junkie
but
they take forever to accumulate anything but wow you know independent. Okay.
Um It doesn't it doesn't seem like it's as many studies, it's more like a product reviews and things like that. They've done a couple of things where they'll send you like a product to have for a certain amount of time and then review it and at that point you know you get some kind of compensation but uh I don't know I feel like prolific by the best one in all of Matthew's so far still the most activity
and the best opportunities.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you make as much on in Turkish you uncle?
accepted
one.
a whole month, wow that is a big difference
wow. Is it is inter just through amazon or is it through other people as well?
Well you
might
help
you,
you might you want to talk to me and checking that one
out.
I haven't I haven't.
That's
yeah because my sister did it for a while, she told me that she liked it and then she stopped for some reason so I figured maybe it wasn't worth it or something but if you make that much more than a prolific and yeah that's a that's a big difference.
Yeah. Do you have like sense schedules or is it kind of like prolific worth this kind of as you get. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yes. That's interesting. I look like I give the trap. That's Yeah that sounds good.
Good, prolific is probably watching this conversation, we're gonna be like don't pay bill. Yeah.
Yeah it's definitely nice. Yeah.
Well um I don't know.
Yeah, I want to take up anymore of your time and hopefully uh you know that works out with the nursing thing and you find you a good job and a place that you want to be at.
Thanks
you too,