Yeah. Cool. How do you turn on your white count? Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. No. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Hope. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm Well mhm Talk help. Oh yeah. No. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm.
What do you need?
What's good about you?
Oof. Are you done for the day?
we started at 301 so just until like 3 26.
Nice to meet you. I'm daisy. Yeah
Thank you.
Uh huh. Are you
a musician or you just really like music? Cool.
Oh for a band or like um
What?
I used to play piano and flute but I could never pick up guitar. I couldn't get over the calluses.
You
are?
I'm asian chinese. Yeah.
okay.
Do you still see me or no?
Um I can try refreshing the page. Let me see. That helps.
Mm That's where I can still see my video and the recording.
So
Yeah. Do you just want to try refreshing
the
video page?
I can see you.
What?
Mhm. I can still see you so I don't know if that impacts anything.
Do you want to try refreshing maybe or like the video page? Mm.
Good.
yeah, I know you are. It's I've done this in that, I've done several of these in the past.
I've been doing it since I think about March. Yeah.
Since
yes, since just quarantine started.
Those
hi pain or just very kind of small things.
But french
fine.
It's mostly just a quarantine thing like side money,
if you don't mind me asking, where are you wearing
any?
Okay. I'm in texas.
I don't believe I have been to that entire side of the U.
S.
I have not.
Too big.
Go
big
or go home.
Oh yeah. No, there's very large things of beer here.
Very distantly, I'm sure.
two.
Yeah. I try to avoid facebook just out of principle. It's
I mean facebook is a weird place.
Yeah. Have you ever been to the Philippines? Hello?
Have you ever been to the Philippines?
What?
That's cool. I
tried,
it's just I'm trying to understand conversation. Yeah.
I've had some like one of these chats where it was just like very like surface level conversation the entire time and then another.
Yeah. And then another one where like we started getting to politics and it's just a range
of like how people talk in general.
it's practice for uh C. D.
I mean I have my opinions but I don't a general thing, I kind of just don't bring it up to strangers. I feel like it's it's very polarizing.
that's right.
Yeah my parents are they're like okay if we're not going to talk about something deep and we might as well just not talk
Yes, I like
it.
Mhm.
I'm sure we could
get into it.
Morning.
I mean the problems at least the whole trump presidency is a lot of people are more politically active and like aware now
that's a problem. But I mean it's it's both good and bad. I mean like you have younger people like my generation now we're more looking into politics and you also have like,
well
recall.
mm.
Well
I'm
I'm just both liberal, I'm both literal meaning but it's it's fine. I mean like you said I respect the other side and you guys have your opinions. Uh that's everyone is trying to do the best for the U. S. When it comes down for
it.
Yeah different approaches.
You know my facebook feed is a lot more I guess positive. I have like food and just college students complaining about
like we're still in quarantine and like playing games, that sort of thing.
Random. Lots of mini food and in politics.
What?
same old same old early voting just started here. So people are
yeah just lining up for that. Nothing crazy the news yet. I'm sure give it a couple of days something will happen.
if you keep up with the news, I don't know if you specifically keep up with texas news but I think uh our governor Abbott, he wanted to do just one polling location for like drop off ballots in texas.
What? Houston has like four million people so it's been saying to think about that.
It's like one county. Yeah.
I was
gonna ask you like you are those like toys behind you?
that's
of toys. Oh my God
gosh.
Well
I mean everything is a toy when you're too,
I wouldn't know too
young.
I'm sure after covid a lot more babies will be born. No, another boom.
What?
I'm personally not a baby person, so hopefully
rather
my life.
I'm okay. Not I'm okay living for myself.
I'm
in my 20s. It's, I know it's a lot of like
me, I change your mind, but like I've, Ever since the Child
Never
Wanted one.
mm, No worries. It's a very expected thing.
Mhm. No foul, a
quarantine baby basically, you know, before quarantine,
Look,
That's fair.
absolutely recovered.
You know,
sorry,
I don't know. I was taking like january, not with Covid, I think it's just like a cold, but like this is when news was starting to spread and I was like, oh no, it's not me, I don't have it
around the
world.
I like the marvel movies for sure, but like the newer ones are kind of warm ambivalent about, I don't think they're just as good as the initial like Phase one, Phase 2.
watching them in syria or when they come out, you forget what happens in the previous one, so because it's been like months between each movie, so I'm kind of like what happened last one, Let me just google it real quick
or well,
do you
have a flavor?
I haven't seen all of them. I think I kind of lost over that cold ant man series which was kind of problem that because you needed it in the last Avengers, but
well
blue,
mhm Might have to
be Iron Man, this is the first one classic.
No.
that's
good. I think everyone kind of disregards it a bit.
do you have the comics or do you just like stick to
the movies
And
mm.
there is a
sorry
uh no there's a amazon show out called The Boys, I don't know if you squash it but it's
yeah it's like a parody like a dark satire kind of parody of just the D. C. Movies. So I feel like if you're more of a marvel fan then you can a
great
job
it's just
superheroes
in general but like it's more uh dc character oriented like they have their own kind of many Justice League. Yeah.
Yeah I think the marvel movies just the universe has been done executed better so more open.
Mhm.
it's the past what like eight years have just been marvel movie after marvel movies, so.
another what?
I'm pretty sure we're
good now.
No, you're good. You're good.
Yeah. We just
yeah, we just exit out of this and then we finished the survey on the other page. Mhm.
So we're good. Yeah.
You too nice meeting you.
Bye.