you hear me Okay?
Yeah I can, everything was working well. Okay, how's it going?
Uh busy, had a busy day.
Um It's hard to say is there a time or anything we need to pay anything we need to pay attention to or?
I kind of skimmed the directions. Uh Yeah I think, I don't know, I know there's a survey after this, So. minutes. Okay. My name is frank,
date, I like that name.
six on uh this song by a band called 3 11
days.
Yeah I play guitar. Mhm.
Just for pleasure. Um I want to start my own band, but all my friends uh are adverse to that. I don't know their uh Yeah I have a couple of close friends and just
one of them plays guitar and base, but he's just not motivated and if you want to, you know he just he doesn't really play anymore. Keep playing instruments.
Oh yeah it's weird, I don't actually have any. Uh I've been playing for 14 years and my finger pads, they're soft. Weird because whenever I play it will start to peel my skin,
you know
on this anyway and you're supposed to get calluses, I don't know if I'm just not good enough to get calluses or if I'm just not rocking out hard enough, I think I I don't know. Um I have, you know, can I ask what your ethnicity is?
do you live, your video went out? Mhm.
We're
no
um maybe something else tried to use the video or if you have like another camera or something,
he
get it against mine. Maybe, maybe this is part of the um experiment. I didn't read any. I don't actually know, do you know what the I mean? I guess we should try to resolve this. Maybe
you can
see,
can you see me?
I panicked. Um, kind of we go back to the read the experiment page about this said something about experiencing difficulties. Is it? And report there was a problem. A momentary hiccup or screen is fun, but if there is an obvious problem,
well, we're still connected partially. Mm.
maybe if we just say we did we um, look at the, I think we'll be fine. Could be fine. Yeah,
You just try it. All right. Hold on 1/2. Well, it's working now. Okay.
Refresh the page. It is just broken. Yeah. So everything is good. I like, you know, it's pretty nice. So what do you think this uh, do you think we're allowed to talk about what this is about? Study?
Have you been, you used your own prolific to do this? Okay. How long did you, have you been using that
of
2020?
Yeah, I've been using it um a little longer but I was on amazon mechanical turk. Have you ever heard of that? And I was um it's been like a year on that, that one's there's a whole um yeah mechanical turk for a year and that's how it got me on the prolific and
I just, it's pretty interesting. I did some interesting studies
um both but you know, I think people assume that they're going to be like, you know, just studies very answer a bunch of questions over and over. But I learned like you know one of them was learn an alien language so you have to learn the language that they made up and it takes like 10 minutes to do that. So you're like, you know doing flash cards or whatever and then you can communicate with an alien using it after that.
It
just really yeah, it's fun and that was, it was I don't know, I think it had to be at least you know, $10 or $20. I usually have a standard for how much trouble up to learn, you know? Have you done anything cool or this is just like a quarantine thing?
Uh Well this number month. Um That's cool.
I was gonna ask
that actually. I'm in the United States. Um south Carolina
texas. Nice. Have you ever been to south Carolina?
That's
good. Lucky. Uh No, I've been to texas once though. The Galveston and uh have actually have some land um small town in in Dallas called Dell City, you heard of that?
Broken arm texas is big.
Yeah, it's really, they have 40 packs of beer there,
I've never seen that
for
We're 30 packs maybe actually Because we only have 24 is the max beer size here.
Yeah, it was great actually. I was also going to tell you that um my mom's side of the family is from the Philippines, so we're kind of related.
Yeah I mean uh I actually had a might be boring but I had a debate on the origin of it was a racial debate. The orange of racist just because I get on in the big debates on facebook very recently. Uh It's not like a discrimination. Yeah, it's kind of heated racial thing with these uh you know african americans, were there pretty much saying that white people have rewritten history like and and that the Greeks were all white or all black and everybody was all black all the time and and um we changed it so that you know
keep them down.
It's just I saw it on some um somebody's post kind of unrelated, it was about about african witchcraft not are being demonized this. Very weird. It's actually brought this up.
Yeah, I probably spend too much time on it.
Fresh again. What was your question?
No, I haven't Been here for 31 years in South Carolina. I think it's the most average state that there is in in in the United States. Um Really though it is, it's too it's just too average. Everybody wants wants to be average here. It's pretty philosophical. Uh huh. Yeah. So anyway, I was just saying, I don't know, you could probably get away from the
face thing.
So
what do you think is about? Sorry,
that's what do you think?
Like this? Like this?
I hope
They give you a long time. I actually don't talk to strangers for 25 minutes that often. Um
Yeah. Are you interested in that kind of stuff? Politics, religion. You know, the big things that the big institutions, I guess.
we're talking about her. Yeah. Yeah.
Some people try and force you into it.
Yeah, I actually was worried about that once. I was um, it was a crisis. Like it was a crisis for me actually. I was like, why don't people talk about meaningful stuff? You know what? Why? You know, I don't think it was that that was the gist of it. And somebody gave me some advice on it and they were just like, not everything. Um, has to be that. I think they might have given me this quote, but I might have found the quote myself, but it was you can't have grass or you can't have flowers without grass. Yeah, that makes sense.
You
know, grass is just playing and it makes, but it makes the flowers look look prettier in comparison and mean more I guess. Um
Probably spend many hours they were talking about politics and
and
I've gotten into it on facebook again recently ish. It was on trump's support of hydroxychloroquine and I generally try to um make a stand on something if I see nobody else is doing it and I believe it's the right thing,
you know and and I think a lot of people making an error that's when I get into the facebook, you know, it's like there's just too much politics and politics today but they don't even care if they're right or wrong. They don't care if they're doing their job or they just care about. It's not even about, it's not about being elected anymore because you know probably either going to get elected or they have other prospects. It's just about making their, you know, just being out there thing
is the problem.
It's dangerous. Well, I mean there's
um yeah, I think that social media gives everybody a voice and it's not good. Yeah, I mean it is good that everybody has a voice, but when you put it into practice, I don't know if your facebook feed is like mine, but it's just so filled with just
complaining and, and, and just, you know, all that politics thing. It's like bashing is constant bashing and it's like, are you, do you think we should get into, you know, I don't want to, I'm not, I try not to trip, you know, um whichever
you are. I respect both of the political party. You know, the political parties, it's not like they're beat up clubs there. It's the foundation of the United States. I'm a Republican, but not very strong. And I'm actually I'm actually
socially conservative. Financial liberal. I make sense. You want to share yours or you
think we're gonna fight?
I think.
I think so. Um Well I think that um they think that they're trying to do the best for the U. S.
Which right? Yeah. What was it we should that we definitely should kind of steer clear. We are on opposite sides.
I
I do get the food ever. Yeah the food I have the food on my facebook. Um I think the main things are probably politics there are you know the food and I just saw a video of this person cooking like with dollhouse sized stuff like a dollhouse sized stove and pots and pans and just everything was they had the food a tiny piece of I think it was fish that they made ceviche with. It's like uh stuff like that. I don't want to say that my facebook is like a war zone or anything but you know they're there. I think it's America right now. My facebook I think portrays America. Yes.
Yeah. Is there any um anything crazy going on out in texas,
riots or politics at all?
I came here
I'm waiting to vote until Closer to November three. You know, it's like and I heard that the the voting polls right today anyway here in south Carolina or just pat the lines are so long. Um
She got hurt about, I don't know who is texas, but I guess it might have been because I heard it was a state that they wanted just one ah place and it's just, you know, he's
actually. Mhm.
All right, well, we've I think it's good. We did pretty good with politics move on to um you know what we're going to add anything else
about?
Yeah I'm in my I'm at my brother's apartment because I came to my niece, this is my nieces. I don't know if I'm allowed to do this but
there's like
and no you don't even know. I mean we got uh
yeah she's spoiled but it's great. She's um about to turn two and three days actually. Um Ali yeah. Um I tried to I was actually doing this joking conditioning
thing with her because I've tried to be around her a lot and because every time I see her I'll give her a gift, something in there about. But then eventually it's like well I can't I can't buy everything all the time so I just get like a ball or a balloon or she's really interested in just things that are not toys, like she has a plunger over there. Yeah.
Yeah, but she's really smart. I don't know, I think I think babies are becoming smarter
breast.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I don't have any of my own or anything, but just from the observation of friends and it's like reading what's expected from them from like, you know textbooks development on textbooks, it's like, oh well this age they're supposed and I think they're doing things earlier, they're getting exposed to things faster because I don't know if we're in like a millennial bubble where there's more people born or something or it's probably some science behind it. Yeah.
It will be, yeah, stuff like that happens for actually,
you know, the whole forever is always like that, there's always something happening and then there's a reason maybe they're less babies um which affects a lot of things, like creates the great depression because something happened, you know, your baby is just too much and then you got um corporations taking over for the babies. Yeah. Um
Me
neither.
You don't want to have a child ever?
Uh You had in mind how um if I ask how old you
are,
But
obviously
did
some people say that and then and then change their mind, no pressure.
my brother's wife before they got married, they were just like, we're never having kids, we want to go see the world and all that. Yeah, and then they had one like less than a year later. Great. And then they haven't, they actually just had another one that's like Maybe two months old.
Mhm.
I guess. Well, it's weird. They had they had, you know, obviously, I think Covid was being spread before they discovered it. You know I just saw something on facebook before
I get all my news. That opinion. It was a little thing that said um you know if you were sick I think it was maybe in november december of last year. That was before you know that winter I guess. And you thought maybe it was the flu. It could have been Covid you know if you, yeah. I don't think I think I actually had Covid this year. Surprise. Yeah. It's um I didn't go I didn't want to go to the doctor, not
I don't want to become a statistic. I didn't want to go through any process of you know, whatever happens to those poor people. I don't know what's happening. You know it was maybe um Few months ago, 5, 5 months ago at least. But
obviously yeah, I was I was sick as a dog go worse than the reason I thought it was Covid was because um just worse than anything. And it was very debilitating. And I've read or I saw this guy's video about he had survived and he was talking about it from like a metaphysical kind of perspective. It was like the reason Covid is so I don't know if he was saying it was different or dangerous, More dangerous. What everybody was like it makes you want to quit to not fight it and that makes you sicker. You know it's more debilitating is what he was talking about because then he was like well I put my mind to it and I got better the next day. Yeah
but I still,
sorry go ahead.
Yeah I'm a smoker so it's very not good. You
have
a little smoke outside and people are just like looking at me and I do have a face mask that is a beard, so shit. But um I I did stay on my couch for two weeks and watch the marvel omnibus. That's pretty good. You do you like the marvel movies?
I have experience of watching all of them from my couch. Uh It's interesting, the most interesting thing I think is that all these little side jokes and side plots, if I don't think it was meant to be, but if you watch two weeks worth of the movies back to back you'll see them all connect, you know, you'll see these little things that can side jokes that they use later and it's like wow, that was six movies later, is I get it, you know? Um
It's just little thing, the little things that I noticed from the three watches, like,
these little tiny thing, you know from 10 movies ago and it's like he says the joke again and you're like, wow, you know,
have
you seen them all?
Yeah um the real rough patch for me is door to door to, that was the hardest to get through is like, oh man, this thing so long and so not about anything, it's about a liquid uh
Cindy stone.
My favorite though is probably, it's too hard. I literally cried like 11 times in theaters in the End game I was and I just let it happen and crying Tears flooding everywhere. It was such a great movie. Maybe that one, maybe infinity war,
but
it is and that's the one that started it all actually technically have the hook,
which it was really the same, you know the saying it wasn't the same hulk anyway
at all.
um I mean you don't understand but I'm actually like a diehard horrible fans that were kind of like glossing over and I'm like, oh you didn't say anything good about Iron Man, but uh it's like what about issue number 1 54 buyer may know really though, I I'm really into it,
I
have about 300 Avengers Comics of the First Series. Yeah, yeah, which was a pain get to get because you can pretty much find like from number maybe 203 50 everywhere, you'll find them in like comic book stores, you can find them in sets in the comic book store because people get rid of them and so those were easy to pick up, but from zero to or from 1 to 100 of the Avengers series, it's impossible to find those in public or um in sequence somewhere.
There Did I mean this 1964 I think to like 70 maybe. And each one first few. The first 7 7 Maybe. Or like multiple thousands of dollars For any condition. And then everyone after that's at least $100. So you know you're mm hmm. What is that? $10,000. I'm john it's a lot of money for comics. But yeah I have those and then um I've seen all the movies obviously and um yeah played all the game we'll play. I have a phone game. I play feature fight. This is a marble game. Um
It's things you wouldn't think about. I've tried kind of done some research and scientific research on designing an Iron Man suit, you know, stuff like that. It's very difficult.
You should
good.
So can you
so
is
particularly against D. C. Or
as
the preview.
Yeah. D. C. Can You know go, I'm just kidding. I'd like to see two. I'm a marvel boy. But do you um do you have a preference or do you just.
Oh yeah. I think D. C. And they've admitted they tried to do the villain sides more. Yeah. There dark night though, you know, you've seen that the village is that's like greatest. It's great. I don't know ah
pretty groundbreaking. People don't think about it anymore. Mm hmm.
There was supposed to be Black Widow. Um september of this of this year, but I got pushed because of Covid. I think next year there's dr strange is coming out um Soon ish, you know a year or two? Uh Which is gonna be crazy and. Mhm. Um uh There's another big one. 03 or three or 4. four.
him in it, everybody in it. Um So what do you think time is looking like?
Didn't
Well I think we did pretty swell. I might have talked too much. I apologize.
Yeah. What do we can you just do? We just
go back to the other page and
there's a timer. We definitely went. I didn't look at it but we were just 30 minutes on mine.
Yeah. Well it's nice meeting you. It was a good conversation and I wish you the best of luck and go see those marvel movies.
Thank you yep.