Hello,
mm. Hi, how are you? Yeah,
doing all right,
where are you calling in from?
Okay, I'm down here in texas. So have you been holding up with all of this uh coronavirus stuff?
Okay, so you go to work and then come home and stay home.
You got somebody who can go out and grab food for you and that sort of thing or are you just getting delivery?
Oh, nice. How long have you been in the empty?
Okay. How do you like it?
Mhm. Good. What any any particularly interesting cases you've encountered? Mhm.
Yeah. Okay. So I work from home so I don't have to deal with any anything at all. So
I've been working from home for about five years now.
So
uh so I've been I've always been trying to like find extra ways to make money no matter
like what situation I've been in. And basically just went through and searched like 20 different blogs that had, you know, these are the 15 top earning, top earning focus group sites and that sort of thing. And uh this one came up repeatedly. So I think I've been doing this, I've been on here for maybe 78 months, so
yep, I'm on there.
See that's
where I've, I've been really lucky like in the six or seven months I've been on because I can have these up like all day while I'm working. So I think in the, since I've joined um prolific, I think I just recently broke £500 in about six months and user testing. I think I've been on for about six months as well and I've probably made, gosh, 13 $1400.
Yeah. I usually get into like if I'm doing a good job of like clicking through and trying to get into everything. I usually get into at least two of the 10 minute tests every day. And then um at least 1 31 $60 test a week, so it adds up.
Yeah. Well, look out because I'm also in school as well, so especially when they don't do it very often, but every once in a while there are we one that's like allows you to select that you're employed and that you're a student and that that seems to help to be able to check both of those. But I mean
I do I do this, I do a lot of uh like in home product testing and that sort of thing as well.
I've gotten all sorts of like I've got uh like um streaming devices in every room in my house that I've gotten from the tests for a while. I had a really nice like next gen vacuum, although they made me send that one back. But I mean I just like most of the time the product tests they let you keep them, so I get, get the benefit of that as well, which I consider cash. Um What's the other one that I really like? Um user interviews is good too. They send you emails saying you know there's a study available and they at least right now they pay out an amazon gift cards. But those come through frequently enough that I paid for all of my christmas, presents for my whole family and for my girlfriend last christmas with the money that I had gotten from uh from those studies I think I and and I was still buying stuff throughout the year. I think I earned about $1000. 1000 to $1200 in amazon gift cards from user interviews last year.
I'm up this year, I think I've I'm already at probably about $500 although I've been spending it a lot more because I've got to do stuff around the house. Uh huh.
they've been doing those a lot for the last couple of weeks. I think there there's one of their clients must be desperate to find enough people who are both owners or employees of salons and also on user testing. I think they're probably just throwing the same same thing over and over again because they're generally my understanding because I'm a PhD student. Um uh
uh the surveys that will do that, like we hire out to other companies. The contract is like you need to get us this many viable results. So if user testing has said we'll get you 1000 salon owners or employees that they have to keep putting it back up there to get all of the Sorry my cat.
Uh huh. Um So they'll just keep putting it back up over and over
again and uh and I have to get
enough people over time. You got any pets?
Do you have any pets? Yeah.
I
don't
think that.
Do
you think?
Little
friends?
I have two dogs and four cats. So
this one here, he's just I mean they're all just tabby cats but they're all slightly different um color schemes. So this is
jeremy
it. Uh huh And then
I've got a black cat named Star Lord and
an orange tabby named Ambit and then a tuxedo cat named Gulliver.
So and then the two dogs are ones of collie husky, corgi mix and the other one's a black lab Sheltie mix. So yeah,
I love animals, can't reserve this last cat. We got go over we there's a cat cafe in the our house where they have 20 cats that are in need of homes. And we went in there, my girlfriend and I and we just fell in love with this little kitten who was absolutely adorable, so couldn't resist went in there like three times to see him and then finally asked to adopt him. So I'm actually surprised he's not in here when I'm talking, he usually is the one to hop in and come join, join the conversation. Mhm.
I don't, it's a management sciences with concentration and operations management. So like looking at how companies are successful or what sort of change, like what sort of things are indicative of success in the future. Um How people react to different like offers depending on different aspects of the offer. One of my classmates is, her dissertation is on like how people um change their offers in negotiations based on the attractiveness of the other person. Yeah.
Yeah.
So she,
if
I remember correctly, she's actually finding out some interesting things. Apparently if a man is going up against a more attractive woman that he makes a worst offer and if a woman is going up against a more attractive man, she makes a better offer.
so it's a it's interesting stuff, I'm just I just finished the first year start up again in the fall, but um probably going to be like a four or five year program, unfortunately. Mhm.
No,
what are you in school for?
But
the
question,
nice. Are you gonna go into a different line of work? Are you gonna use that within the mt job?
You're
what?
I know.
maybe
we
generally
don't
mention
it.
The specialty that you want, I mean biochem obviously, but like is there a specialization in medicine that you want to go into or you're going to be a general practitioner?
And
I didn't
think he was
completely
very
enough. It seems like pre-med would be a good chance to like sort of get your feelers out and try a bunch of different things.
You
heard
me
playing?
Yeah. And you don't have to worry about stuff getting canceled on you because nobody is going to say they don't need MTs anymore. That's nice. Yeah, very good, very cool. What do you do when you're not working or in school, what sort of hobbies do you have?
I've logged about, gosh, it must be closing in on 300 hours on assassin's creed. Odyssey over, breathless. Yeah, I've beaten it but I'm just enjoying the side quests and that sort of thing so might as well get my money's worth out of it. Well my girlfriend's money's worth, she bought it for me to the christmas present. Yeah
PS four
Mhm Yes, I'm not super happy about the new console design. Mhm. Um I think that the white fins sort of looked like they would be really fragile and with my cats liking to climb all over my stuff
That's yeah, that's problematic and it looks like it's going to be significantly bigger than all prior consoles and
I
don't
have
yeah, and I don't really have space for it uh in the space where my PS four is and then like I've got the PS four VR PSVR and they think that it's going to be compatible with the PS five, but there's like the design of the PSVR connection is very much in line with the PS four, so it's going to look really weird with these little black boxes sitting next to that white monstrosity.
my
I'm
more familiar with the earlier uh the earlier generations of Pokemon played pogo quite a bit when it came out on my phone, but I've sort of fallen off since they got into like the fourth generation
It
is
the
same,
Mhm. Yeah, when it came out I was, I was going out on like two and three mile walks at least once a day, if not twice just to catch things and then texas summers hit and it just wasn't worth it anymore to come home drenched in sweat. Uh huh,
mm hmm.
So what do you like about League of Legends?
I've
actually
never played that myself, so I don't really know much about it or how it, how it works, so.
okay. Uh I tend to stay away from the mmorpG s, I like, I like the single player experience, it's really the only time I go online is my brother and I'll play one B one on Call of Duty or something like that. It's a way for us to keep in touch with each other since he's on the West coast, but other than that it really has to be the single player which is really, I'm kind of disappointed because I've been reading some early reviews of the new marvel Avengers game which if you didn't notice it on the names of my cats, I'm a big marvel fan. Uh
and uh the early reviews are saying that the single player experience is kind of boring so that's all disappointing to hear what?
yeah oh I was gonna say I loved the assassin's creed games since the start, like I've played every single one, I even bought a PS vita just so that I could play the assassin's
creed games that were on that.
Good.
Right. Yeah those Desmond Miles probably,
so they've kept up with that, like odyssey has a few like they're really struggling to get like a cohesive narrative out of it, so they're probably only maybe an hour, maybe two of the whole like main storyline in odyssey that was in the present, that was all in ancient Greece. Um but one of the things I really love about that series is how accurately they portray the areas that they're in there. 11 spot where I was completely lost, like they were not giving me any markers, but I was supposed to go to the statue of leonidas and like I had no idea where to go, I literally went online and searched for the statue of Lien Itis, I found out where it was located and then searched for that and had a map pulled up that showed me where it was and I had the map on my phone and I had the map of the game on my computer and I was able to peg exactly where the statue was based on an actual like world map and
when
there
and it was exactly where it was, where it was supposed to be. And it looked exactly the way it did in the pictures online. And I just think that's really impressive that they can bring like an old old world back to life with so much detail in it. And they had all these like greek philosophers and they like they like Socrates was in there and Diogenes jenny's and they managed to capture sort of their personalities the same way that it comes through in their writing and in the old books about them. So that was pretty impressive.
Great.
This
isn't
about,
you
know?
Black flag,
I thought it was fantastic. I think a lot of people just didn't like change because so much of it took place on the ocean and there was a completely new like um fighting style of course crashing ships into each other and shooting cannons, but I thought it was fantastic and they actually kept some of that in odyssey, there's um you get a ship early on to travel around and you can upgrade the ship and a lot of the missions require you to go fight other like ships from different factions. So
I thought it was pretty good and they're going to keep that going apparently in the next one. Um Valhalla which is the um nor the Vikings like traveling into England and fighting the um the english for control of territory, so there's going to be more ship battles in that one. Mm
Yeah. Yeah. I played the earlier ones. I couldn't get into the new one unfortunately. I didn't really like the combat system just
like
that.
Yeah, it's uh yeah, the new one that was like him trying to go and do something for his son trias I think his name was, but that's the horse and never ending story. Maybe maybe I'm getting them mixed up. But yeah, just there was something about the changes they made to the fighting style. I've ended up playing like the 1st 15 minutes and then I got stuck on what should have been a really easy like first mini boss and just couldn't figure out the combat well enough to get past it at this point. I don't have enough time in my life to sit there and figure out a combat system the way I could when I was a kid. Some I had the same experience with the new Spider man game, which was also really well received, like everybody raved about it and 10 minutes in and I'm getting bludgeoned by some thug on the street without even having a baseball bat. This wasn't for me. Yeah right. I actually don't spend as much time playing video games as it sounds like I do most of my spare time as reading and tv shows and movies. Uh just subscribe to HBO for like a trial period. I've got a list of about 100 well now it's down to 144 movies and I'm basically going through alphabetically and seeing if it's available between amazon and HBO and just trying to knock out as many of them as possible, which has resulted in a lot of really bad movies and very few good ones.
They seem
to be fairly accurate. Um I think if a movie gets like a middling rating, like between five and seven, it's probably an accurate rating. I tend to disagree more often with like nines and above that those are sort of hit or miss for me and that really low rating, I find that I enjoy those like if it gets two or three, I find that I enjoy those because they're just so ridiculous that they're fun to watch. There's one that I want to track down, I don't know where to find it, but it's called the velocity pastor and I actually found it through Reddit. It was
like the perfect
movie doesn't exist but some like priests travels to china to um like find purpose in life and he's curd to turn into a dinosaur and he's convinced by a hooker to go fight like criminal gangs and ninja. Yeah.
Hell
is
that
spell?
Mhm. I will check that out because I use Cody a lot. I've just been using that the HBO subscription because it's difficult to find some things on Cody, but I'll check that one out and see if it helps out. So, thanks for the recommendation.
I think we have to and well, I'm enjoying this. I have to run and meet my girlfriend for lunch as soon as I'm done with the follow up survey, so uh pleasure talking to you. I hope
you
stay safe and uh enjoy your weekend if you get
one.
Thanks, but