Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Party. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. All right. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. People yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Unbelievable. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Get help That's fine. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay let's go back. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. What? Yeah. Oh Michael. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wow. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Get up. Mhm. Okay. Yeah mm. Cool. Okay. Just, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Look this everything yeah. Okay.
Hello?
how about you?
That's good.
I'm comin from the midwest and the state and indiana.
Yeah I've been holding up but I also work as an E. M. T. So I still have to interact with them but I've been quarantining.
Yeah pretty much.
I do. My parents can
just one year
it's pretty fun.
Not really enough at least not recently.
That's nice.
How
did you find out about prolific
and.
Yeah I basically went on a subreddit called Beer Money. So it's like reddit dot com slash artist. Like their money it was like I went on like the who paid you this month tab and they were like all like the top four comments have prolific and I was like 70 bucks a month. I was like wow that's a lot because like I knew some I knew some upsets that paid you but it was like not that much and it was like super specific like user testing.
Yeah whatever I like get a survey, it just like ask you a question. They're like oh you're not the best candidate for this try again next time or something. I'm just like if I'm lucky maybe 10 bucks a month. But that's it
here.
Well shit.
Yes. See I've only had the $10 tests. I think the 30 and $60 tester like to specific and also like I'm not that interesting person, like I'm just a student and like I'm working this summer, that's about it. So I think that I'm not like the best like demographic, so. Right,
But
almost.
that's nice.
Yeah. See like I just clicked on a pop up thing on user testing, it was like are easy owner of a salon. I'm like no, I don't know my salon. And it's like, okay, well this test isn't for you. I'm just like, well whatever.
guys.
That's cute. Yeah.
All
And
I got what?
I don't because like during I'm usually at uh like during
the last time away
from home
and like they don't really let you have pets in dorm unless it's like an emotional support animal and like you have to have like, you know, like
doctors,
like, you know, something like that. It's like a complicated process and I'm like,
I don't
really need a pet and my parents aren't really the type to take care of beds either, so we don't have them whatever cat do you have though?
Oh my God, that must be a handful.
So
cute.
Like that.
Star Lord.
That's nice.
mm.
What's your PhD? And if you don't mind me asking?
really?
That sounds really interesting.
All right. What
about to?
the more, the more, you know, I learned something today? Yeah.
Is it like texas
and um I mean there's more colleges in texas and I'm okay. I just thought that was going on.
Uh I'm in school for bio
cam uh Purdue, it's in
indiana,
so in state school,
I mean I'm just doing the MT job just to get like patient hours. I'm prima too. So I'm
thinking
of I'm pre med. Yeah, so like I talked about perimeter advisor and she was like oh so for patients you should either be a describe a GmT or Sienna and like I feel like if you ascribe you're just like invisible, you just type up whatever the doctor says and like you don't really get to talk to other people where it's like E. M. T. S. You work with people of all
like provider levels. So you work with paramedics, you work with nurses, you work with the doctor, so I kind of like that more than just typing and because like for described, you just have to have like a Guam of something and then you have to like know the medical terms, that's basically
where
it's like
you
have to
like
learn different disease pathways and stuff. So I thought that was cool. Mhm.
I have no clue at this point, because like I've told people what I want to do. So like initially before college I was like, oh I want to be a oncologist because like cancer and like that I've known people in my life that it's
affected
lots.
But
then like I did this Mt thing, I'm like, oh emergency medicine is pretty cool, And then I talked to some upperclassman there, like you're going to change their mind like three times, so I'm
not sure, but I'm going to keep an open mind for now.
Especially with this whole covid situation because like, they're not even letting met students do their clinical trials,
they're like,
okay, you have to
stay
home blah blah. So like whenever I go into hospitals to pick up patients, your transport, I usually see like doctors, nurses and then like at least like 3 to 4 my students, but now it's just like empty. I was like, wow, I feel kind of privileged to be in this position because not many people my age can going to a hospital without like any, like people letting them, so
I mean, let's see browsing the internet, I play, I'll play one game set League of Legends that's about it. I could probably get into more games. I just don't want to get like absorb, you know?
what counsel do you put on?
Oh, you, are you like pain touching the PS five stuff?
Yeah, that's the problem.
Yeah, I've
seen
that. I've
seen the size comparisons.
Yeah, yeah, I've seen a lot of mixed about it online. There was like uh there's like some Pokemon me about it. They were like comparing it to like one of the Reggie biggest, I don't know if you pay attention to Pokemon is basically like a rock
thing, They just put three eyes and they're like, oh, it's the new Reggie gigi skin looks cool or something like that.
I was like,
Yeah, I think, yeah, I played like, I think Pokemon go came out in 2016. I was like traveling abroad and I was like in an airport in like Germany or something. I'm like, and I like a big lay over so I'm just like screwed,
I'm just
going
to donald
Pokemon, go and find Pokemon and then it's like, I was just like walking around the airport with my phone. I must have looked like a weirdo. But like I was just like trying to catch Pokemon. It was funny.
Uh huh
Yeah.
I don't know. I'd like, I think I first got into it like in middle school, like one of my friends recommended it and I he actually recommended it because like they have like, if you recommend a person you get like a get like some sort of payment or something. So like what I've all do it for him. And then I played like a few days and I just quit and then like I started paying more attention to like the competitive scene and it was like interesting because like I never considered like, you know, video games to be competitive. Like have a competitive scene where I thought it would just be like brushed aside because I don't know, it just felt weird. It just felt different than normal sports and then I got more into it and then I just started playing more. Yeah,
so it's it's
just
yeah, it's just a five V five game. It's like I think the classification is mmorPG, so it's like massively multiplayer online role playing game, something like that. So it's just like 5 to 5 takes like one games, like 30 minutes. So it takes a while. So that's why I haven't been playing it as much recently because I've just been busy so I just like watch people scream on twitter or something that's about it.
Yeah.
I think so. I actually used to play assassin's creed but this was like way back in the day, this was assassin's creed three where it was like the Civil War storyline, I just played it on pc and I really liked it, I liked the cinematics, I like the storyline and everything and it also like
our
that's fine. Yeah I think like the storyline was it was like a descendant of one of the creep like assassins or something and he like goes
into this machine and he like experiences whatever his ancestors did and then he like comes out of the machine and someone's after him. It was like I went to duality of it. It was interesting.
Yeah. That dude.
That's impressive
that
they were able.
Yeah. I think I, my first experience with the south Korea was like the iphone one where it was
like I forget what it was but it was just like they only look it up. It was the assassin
created in
Iowa
and I'm like
this is
interesting. So I got the three on the phone. But then like the next one after that was like some sort of pirate on. I forget what the name was.
Yeah that one and then like I didn't get it but like I heard a lot of people were shitting on it for some reason. I was just like, oh that sucks.
It's pretty
interesting. Yeah. I think another game that's like it's not, I guess it's sort of somewhere was like God of war. I sort I used to play that kind of back in the day.
I think
the
new one was one that got a lot of praise for the storyline. I mean I've seen some means about it too when cradle says boy or something, I forget what that was about. Yeah.
What do you think about the accuracy of like the I. M. D. B. Or I. M. B. D. Ratings of movies
chris?
Oh I think I've seen memes about it, it was like
weird.
of movies though there's this website I use it's called soap to Day dot com where they have like a lot of the movies and tv shows that you like find out netflix and Morris, it's like
free. So like I feel
like
you'd enjoy
that soap. So it S O. A. P. And then two is like the number two and then day dot com. G A Y.
I think we've hit a 25 minute mark.
You as
well.
You
too.
Bye.