SPEAKER_L: Oh, Oh, Mhm, mm. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: no, Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm well, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I am Carisa and yours,
SPEAKER_R: Movie.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry, sorry, I think my internet isn't great. One more time
SPEAKER_R: Kobe.
SPEAKER_L: coming up next.
SPEAKER_R: I think I think it was my headphones. I have my headphones under my hood. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. You
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: ever done this before?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've done it twice. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Same. And then I want to do the third time earlier this week, but I don't know. Somebody's internet was messed up. Either one of us.
SPEAKER_L: how is it done for you so far?
SPEAKER_R: I mean this you mean today or the this
SPEAKER_L: Uh like chatting with random people?
SPEAKER_R: pretty cool. The first guy, the first guy was the guy first like getting like a freshman. So he was like, he was just telling me about his school. And then second guy with some old guy from from Uh what's it called? Arizona like old, like older like 68 or something. So pretty diverse. What about you
SPEAKER_L: my first chat was with a guy in Pittsburgh. Um I don't know how old he was, but I think it was a little bit older than me, he was in the military at one point. Um and he just moved to Pittsburgh and then yesterday I talked to a girl who was like a junior in college and she she was a politics major, so that was pretty interesting, we talked about what it's like to be a politics major during that's
SPEAKER_R: this time? That's pretty funny. Wait, you got you got you got conversations on back to back days.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, so I did, well I think there might have been a day in between because of my availability, Um But the first time I signed up for the study was like probably like a month ago and then whoever I was like matched with didn't show up. Um And then they had sent me a message for reschedule but they sent it to me and then scheduled at like six hours after they sent a message so I wasn't on prolific so I missed that one. Uh huh. So yeah the first time I did it was like a couple of days ago
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All right. That's pretty chill. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: I had to I didn't get to reschedule the thing last time. So I had to like ask him like yo you were scheduled me and it's like go ahead. So so I guess I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: nice. So that's good that they can reschedule you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where you from?
SPEAKER_L: I am originally from Rhode island but I live in indiana for school. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I. From D. C. And I'm living in D. C. I went to school in pennsylvania. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: A living in D. C. Right now. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's pretty chill. I mean uh I mean like it's DCs matt blue so it was like no no way it's gonna turn red. So like you kind
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of get escalated from that guy even though he's living in the middle of the city. So I guess it's pretty chill
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I go to school at Notre dame. So the Supreme Court justice nominee is actually a graduate and professor from Notre Dame.
SPEAKER_R: the way she went to know today
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and she also
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: keep
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: it there and they're like, she so loved in the classroom and I'm like that's great. I have a lot of professors who I think are nice people and I don't, I think my human.
SPEAKER_R: chest. She is terrible what government government gets me Really uh really sad. What gets me angry nowadays? Like politics and journalist gives me angry. So it was like blatantly doing like I'm not gonna call it treason because that's too strong. I think treason is too strong even though you could call it treated but they're blatantly doing stuff and you're just gonna sit there because we're democrats. I'm gonna let him do it because we're nice. No no that's not how it
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: works.
SPEAKER_L: you. Well that's like when biden was like, oh trump has Corona, we're going to get rid of all of our ads that say negative things about him. Like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What the hell? What the hell is that even meet
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And he was an election that we need to win. Keep
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: damn. So he and trump and then trump was he was he made fun of him yesterday if we're putting his hand up. It was so it was it was so stupid. Oh my God did you watch any of the town house town hall of the last night
SPEAKER_L: I didn't watch those. Yeah, I watched the first debate and then I watched the vice presidential debate. Um And the first debate was just I showed
SPEAKER_R: crapshoot
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: crapshoot. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: know what to say about that.
SPEAKER_R: it was like it was like people tuned in for the debate for the entertainment factor which is so sad. But it's a nice dog.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks you in there.
SPEAKER_R: Was there is what is it?
SPEAKER_L: Um He is a toy Australian shepherd, his name is Jack's.
SPEAKER_R: Some Jacks definitely heard his name.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he loves to come in here and be like, hey what are you doing and why aren't you playing with? Um But yeah, I thought that the first presidential debate was just insane. The vice presidential debate at least had some substance to it. Uh I don't agree with all of Kamala's use, but I really like her personality.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's the real debate because I I I don't see either. I mean, I don't see biden lasting four years. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This is because the stress that I'm thinking about the stress and put some people like the stress from that point that I don't know how it is, but like four years later, pretty tough stress. Like the dawn is into. I would I think he's a terrible position himself. Oh you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: saw how he was breathing when he got when he got the road up. It was terrible. That was I kind of laughed.
SPEAKER_L: it's insane. I would love a candidate who maybe is like not from a generation that's dying off currently.
SPEAKER_R: Like who's the guy buddha girls? Buddha buddha, whatever his name is.
SPEAKER_L: Um people to get buddha judge, that's how you say it. So he actually is, was the mayor in the town that I moved to and I moved to indiana. Um but he's no longer the mayor, obviously he didn't like he was in the election, but um I got to see him speak once when I first moved out here. He seems like a nice guy. He had some policies that I wasn't a fan of um regarding like some international stuff, but overall I felt like he was a good at this point. I'm just like if we could just get trump out, I'll take anything even though
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: not like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's looking like Biden is going to win. But like but like uh it's always amazing to me how the Democratic Party has picked two in a row. The two people in the party that could lose to this guy. The two people that could lose to this guy two times in a row. That's the guys you pick.
SPEAKER_L: if someone electable please. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: though I think he's gonna win and then I don't I'm not with the people that say, What about 2016? was an anomaly. I think, I think, you know, all the polls are saying like they adjusted for that anomaly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm hoping also that I know like a lot of people usually don't vote and I'm hoping that with mail in voting being being an option in a lot of places, like more people will vote.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm pretty sure early voting. It's like record numbers. I'm pretty sure I heard about that.
SPEAKER_L: I think part of the issue is there's more democrats in this, but these are more likely to go vote. So it's like, all right, well, like you all need to just go vote please. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I was I would say I would see him. I don't know man. I don't know. It's like you don't want to Jinx it, but like 13% is pretty low. Like if
SPEAKER_L: I don't understand how there's any percent at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's insane. It makes no sense. I mean it wasn't it like it's something like if you were to do just the heads voters, It was like like 20% of America voted on men. Like if you were to count the people that didn't vote for him and then people that didn't vote at all, Only people were just it was only 20% of people voted this guy and it's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Well, kind of insane, right? Because I'm just like, it always amazes made the amount of people who they vote on the basis of like, Well the billionaires. And I'm like you make $25,000 a year that never going to your literally against your best interest, Why are you doing
SPEAKER_R: Amazing. I mean I mean
SPEAKER_L: higher?
SPEAKER_R: people are not europe, not happy to have them. The guys are things like that, blaming other people. You're blaming the blaming the hispanic person that gets 10-K. 10-K. Struggling make 10-K. A year. Oh no, but he he made that 10-K. I'm gonna be mad at him for making that 10-K. But I'm not gonna be mad at this billionaire for making a billion for out of nothing. It makes no it makes no sense, it makes no sense at all.
SPEAKER_L: It makes no sense. And I've just found that like I won't say republicans because I think there are a lot of republicans who actually don't support trump, but for other people who support trump, there's just so much of misinformation that they just buy into. And like I understand the cognitive processes behind that because I studied cognitive psychology so I understand what drives that, but It just makes no sense to me. They're like no this is true and I'm like no literally there's 15 pieces of evidence of how it's true. I just I don't really know what else to say to you like I don't know. So I just
SPEAKER_R: That's what
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: it's like. I don't even I don't even think he's dumb. I think he knows exactly what he's doing. You know it's exactly what he's doing it.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Like I can I can take a step outside and then you're looking from the outside but like yeah you're you're a master for nestor, I gotta go, gotta clap for you. So like the way he like this is all of that like like um him not denouncing anything. That was a clear sign not to you. So I don't know. I don't know. Do you hear, did you hear what exactly what he said last night? It was like I don't know, I have no idea anything about it. But I heard they catch catch a lot of pedophiles and do a lot of good but I don't know anything about it. Like you literally just you literally just Contradict yourself in one sense, in your little broken sentences.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The whole save the Children like yes, we want to save the Children, but tags about conspiracy theories actually take resources away from saving Children.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hear about the new biden Hunter biden story. Like I thought I was reading a tweet that somebody explained it perfectly. How ill absurd it is to believe this. So Hunter biden lives in California. You expect them to be pretty wealthy. He had three laptops. They all broke at the same time. So he decided to fly all the way to new york to bring his three laptops to work. God I fixed him a blind guy Who who he fixed him for $85. That's the reason why he flew all the way from California to New York to fix these three computers and then he left he forgot the computers there and then the blind guy found the things and he got all the things and that's how Rudy got it. Rudy got the information and then he's holding on it 23 weeks before the election. It's like it's like it's like what do you like what are you saying this is the Cuban mom shit that's going on like this is what twitter is shutting down and now they're saying twitter is killing everybody know you the story makes no sense. It's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: so it's like I read that and it's like it gets me so mad. It gets me so mad. That's not happy I live in D. C. That I don't have to talk to these people because like it's like because they really can't defend themselves.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, indiana is a swing state, so I'm excited to be here because it's the first time that my vote really counts because in Rhode island, like red Island goes blue. So that's great that I'm voting. But like it would go blue without me here. I'm like, oh, maybe my vote actually matters even though it does the electoral college. Um, but I remember when I first moved out here, I had to go to like a like welcome dinner for like grad school and stuff and there was another grad student in a different department and she brought her husband and Pete buddha judge that brought up because this was before he was like out of the race and he was giving a talk that night or whatever. And the husband of this grad student was like, you know, I respect his service to our country. I just don't respect the person that he chooses to be now. Me, I grew up on the east coast and little Rhode island, like people really aren't homophobic, like compared to the midwest. Like of course there are racist people, but it's not as bad as like out here. Like kind of all equality things are just a little bit better there, my friend and I'm texting her and I'm like, I think that was a homophobic statement and like, yes car. I thought it was,
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: I think I need to get up from this table and excuse myself for a moment so that I don't cuss someone out in my first night
SPEAKER_R: Uh In grad school
SPEAKER_L: because I literally want to say, you know what, I don't think that people chose to be gay, even if you did I support him in that, but you chose to be an asshole. So I don't like the person that you chose to be you.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand how you could be in that kind of setting and like still think like that I really don't like I
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: don't know how you can get.
SPEAKER_L: great opinion to share. What?
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah. I'm gonna say this in front everybody, everybody's gonna be cool with this. I'm just gonna say it. Yeah. It makes no sense.
SPEAKER_L: So I just clear up so he was like kind of awkward for the rest of the time because I excused myself, but when I came back I made it very clear that I'm
SPEAKER_R: Right? I'm not you're not banging with. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well whoever he's talking about his 18 chickens that he owns and I'm just like okay
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: the Electoral
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: College needs to go away because your vote for the past eight years that I have been voting has counted more than my vote and Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's how many how many does Indiana have? 22? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly I have no idea, I haven't looked into that yet.
SPEAKER_R: It might if that was my phone. I'm sorry if I if I got this off the top of the dove, how many electoral college votes is indiana as Election Day is on Tuesday? Alright. Series 6 66. That's funny. But I I think I think he's gonna win. I'm kind of comfortable but like Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh. Yeah, I'm just really hoping one that the amy doesn't get confirmed into the Supreme Court because if you don't even know that the president doesn't have the power to delay the election, I don't want you in a lifetime position where you decide my rights.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. And it's as 11 by the way, I was half I got two numbers, right? That's I got the two numbers confused.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so hopefully she doesn't get nominated and hopefully
SPEAKER_R: I think she will. I think I think the democrats do anything and stop it. I don't really don't think they can do anything.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. They can't do anything right now. The only hope is if the Senate doesn't provide a like number of votes needed to confirm her which I'm oh
SPEAKER_R: That's not gonna
SPEAKER_L: arm and then there isn't anything I believe in the constitution about the number of Supreme Court justices. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Isn't that Yeah, they they said that they they added this is gonna make some more spots.
SPEAKER_L: yeah so but then people are freaking out and they're like well they're just going to add all these spots to staff the court. Me personally I would have an issue with what's happening either way. I don't think that there should be a 63 majority in the Supreme Court of any party because you can unilaterally make decisions and I'm just not like we have checks and balances in fear
SPEAKER_R: Or either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: hurry. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't know but then everybody is like well if this was happening with the democrats they'd be all for it like no
SPEAKER_R: I mean this this this literally happened and then you guys said you worked for it like lindsey Graham but you just went exactly as obviously if it was worth four years ago, the
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: exact opposite.
SPEAKER_L: It happens in 2020. Hold me accountable to my words like well we can't because we don't have the power to which you knew in 2016. Okay. Whatever five.
SPEAKER_R: he's still gonna win, he's still he's still going to win his seat but I guess Jamie is pushing him hard.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know but hopefully Everything just gets flipped. I remember in 2016 voting and I remember I didn't like either candidate um and I was voting in Rhode Island so I think I wrote in Bernie because I was like it doesn't matter and I feel better about writing and burning so he didn't win. I was sad, obviously we knew he wasn't gonna win but whatever. Um but I remember it flipped and trump was in the lead and I was just like I can't handle this, I'm just going to bed like there's no, I'm just going to go to bed and I'll wake up tomorrow and like life will be okay and I woke up tomorrow and life was not okay.
SPEAKER_R: It was terrible. It was terrible. It was and then that weekend saturday night live had that little skit when Dave chappelle came out. I'm talking about, do you remember that? I don't know if you saw that. It was like it was like everybody was like yo this guy really? What? It was terrible. It was sad it was that if it happens again then I really don't know what's going to happen because I really don't think four years is going to be in another four years.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if we can make it through four more years.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because it's gonna you got you got to think this is going to be a different kind of trump is going to be on a hinge trump is going to be like yeah I have four years you're not gonna do anything like like like this first four years was basically yeah I'm trying to get elected for another four years after that. I'm pretty sure it leads some elite that some he said that to somebody. I'm pretty sure I think I read that somewhere that he's like gonna be crazy and the next if he has another term.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't see it going well because at this point he is on the defensive because he feels like everybody's against him. The fake news media is against him. Also twitter hands down became my favorite social media platform when they were like we're gonna check you and I was just like finally someone. Um But yeah, so I feel like he even more so feels like he's on the defensive and he doesn't have anything to lose right because he can't be elected again. So either he's out of office or violates the constitution to keep himself in somehow.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you see this is this has come back to the dem is being like strong arm, are are there going to be vindictive and like make sure are they going to be vindictive if he loses? Like I think they should be I think they should. I think they should be. I think they should be just as vindictive as he wanted to be to Hillary but Hillary they do nothing but he actually did something so I feel
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: so like if that's gonna
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: be what he's scared I think that's what he's scared for. I think that's what he's scared of. He's not trying to leave because they're going to get them out of there like.
SPEAKER_L: especially with them revealing this information about all this money that he owes and stuff like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he just so remember
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: his campaign promise four years ago to release his taxes. He literally just filed a motion with the Supreme Court so that he doesn't have to release his taxes today. Like what do you like? He's trying so hard to not finish his campaign promise from four years ago. Like what do you like? But yeah this is okay, this
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: is just fine.
SPEAKER_L: was dying during the first debate when he was like, I'll release my taxes as soon as they're done. Like your taxes from 2016 aren't done that for evil.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I r S literally came out and said yo you can release your taxes when you're being audited. That's not it doesn't stop you from releasing your taxes you like you're just talking shit at this point. But like nobody on his side is going to check that it's all about owning the Libs stars.
SPEAKER_L: Well and nobody checks anything, right? Because they're like, yeah, let's waste billions of dollars on a wall. And I'm like, hi person with information over here. Most illegal immigrants come here legally on a visa and then overstay
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I say yeah and that's saying and I'm saying
SPEAKER_L: so all you're doing is holding a while to keep them in the country and I'm not really sure how that's helpful. And it also doesn't help immigrants from any other country. So like are you actually concerned about immigrants or you just xenophobic and you don't want hispanic immigrants? Let's
SPEAKER_R: it makes it makes no sense. Remember that caravan that caravan that caravan was all the rage for years for months. It was coming to the wall, it was going oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: How they should be funny but like
SPEAKER_R: It's not I don't yeah it's not
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: funny
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: but it's hilarious.
SPEAKER_L: the also
SPEAKER_R: It's this is like this is gonna be it, if this was a saturday night skit it was it was gonna be there. So another thing NBC people were dragging on them. I'm not mad at NBC now because the savannah was apparently Savannah was really going in on them. Apparently. Apparently she asked 40 something questions and the crowd on yaks. Ted I love you, I love it. I love it. Impressive.
SPEAKER_L: It's also weird right? Because he's like no I will not have a virtual debate but
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: all virtually on tv like why? Because if you virtually have a debate we can mute you so that just keep talking over other people.
SPEAKER_R: 100%.
SPEAKER_L: People are allowed to talk.
SPEAKER_R: And you and you know. Damn well he did this at the same time. Shit. So he can be like, yo we have bigger Raiders invited him. Apparently does he didn't even have bigger ratings?
SPEAKER_L: Um No so I actually saw I didn't fact check it so it might not be true. I'll just sleep.
SPEAKER_R: See you in the CNN c I mean I'm I follow CNN so you know they're breaking news is tweeted it but go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Um I just read something that said that whatever channel biden was on, he had more views on that one channel than trump had across the three channels that his like aired on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, like CNBC all of them. Yeah. Great. Great.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and then of course the first comment under the post was a trump supporter being like yeah I'd watch biden to. It's so entertaining watching him try to stutter through a speech and I'm just like can you
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: said that you know, he didn't watch it because because he was like straight to the point answering questions. I, this whole time. I thought biden had dementia. I thought, I thought, I thought I thought he was out of there. I thought
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: there was nobody. I thought that there was a thought Kamala might as well be president. Like, like yeah, he's sure he's since the debate in a couple of months before the debate has been showing up. So I guess I looks good. I really think he's gonna win. I think it's kind of over by this point because Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: yes, The waste that this funny thing to wait about percentages and stats work is that if he wins with a 1% chance, the numbers didn't mind, he still went with that 1% chance. So it sucks.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah and the other issue is like who's actually answering the polls right? There's also like response bias and who actually answers the polls.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: But I'm hoping that things have gotten so bad that more people care so like people who wouldn't normally be involved in the process and who wouldn't be responding to these polls are at this point. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of these polls this said they just adjusted for whatever Mishap was who died in 16. So the fact that at least they said it I don't know what the actual adjustment was because I'm not into polling and all of that. But like the fact that they said it I'm kind of taking in account
SPEAKER_L: Yeah hopefully. I don't know. But I guess we'll see what happens in a couple of weeks.
SPEAKER_R: Last 2 3 weeks. Great great great
SPEAKER_L: He has
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: fun
SPEAKER_R: guy this guy total this guy and told him to stand down. That was yeah I watched that live and that's what I literally turned off. I said what? I turned off the T. V. Right after that because that was insane. It was like trying to stand out. You know what stand back stand down. I was like what the hell are you saying? I was oh
SPEAKER_L: and the best movement of the trump supporters after like well what he meant was like
SPEAKER_R: no it's up. Yeah that's what,
SPEAKER_L: Thinking then he's been saying what he didn't you guys elect him because he says what he means. Isen't that what he said in 2016 now? All of a sudden he never means what he actually said. It really meant. Something else. That's what we meant for. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: fine. Very fine people all of them.
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: think it's over. Well, I think we got 25 minutes. This conversation can give going for years because I think because it's because this is this content at this point. What Well,
SPEAKER_L: Nice chatting with you. I hope you.
SPEAKER_R: time between Claressa go blue blue wave.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: All right, see you.