Oh, Oh, Mhm, mm. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh
no, Mhm.
I'm well, how are you?
I am Carisa and yours,
I'm sorry, sorry, I think my internet isn't great. One more time
coming up next.
I know
it's
yeah, I've done it twice. How about you?
how is it done for you so far?
Uh like chatting with random people?
my first chat was with a guy in Pittsburgh. Um I don't know how old he was, but I think it was a little bit older than me, he was in the military at one point. Um and he just moved to Pittsburgh and then yesterday I talked to a girl who was like a junior in college and she she was a politics major, so that was pretty interesting, we talked about what it's like to be a politics major during that's
Um Yeah, so I did, well I think there might have been a day in between because of my availability, Um But the first time I signed up for the study was like probably like a month ago and then whoever I was like matched with didn't show up. Um And then they had sent me a message for reschedule but they sent it to me and then scheduled at like six hours after they sent a message so I wasn't on prolific so I missed that one. Uh huh. So yeah the first time I did it was like a couple of days ago
or
nice. So that's good that they can reschedule you.
I am originally from Rhode island but I live in indiana for school. How about you?
A living in D. C. Right now. Yeah
and
Yeah I go to school at Notre dame. So the Supreme Court justice nominee is actually a graduate and professor from Notre Dame.
Yeah and she also
keep
it there and they're like, she so loved in the classroom and I'm like that's great. I have a lot of professors who I think are nice people and I don't, I think my human.
thank
you. Well that's like when biden was like, oh trump has Corona, we're going to get rid of all of our ads that say negative things about him. Like
Yeah. And he was an election that we need to win. Keep
that.
I didn't watch those. Yeah, I watched the first debate and then I watched the vice presidential debate. Um And the first debate was just I showed
up.
I don't
even
know what to say about that.
Thanks you in there.
Um He is a toy Australian shepherd, his name is Jack's.
Yeah, he loves to come in here and be like, hey what are you doing and why aren't you playing with? Um But yeah, I thought that the first presidential debate was just insane. The vice presidential debate at least had some substance to it. Uh I don't agree with all of Kamala's use, but I really like her personality.
I
it's insane. I would love a candidate who maybe is like not from a generation that's dying off currently.
Um people to get buddha judge, that's how you say it. So he actually is, was the mayor in the town that I moved to and I moved to indiana. Um but he's no longer the mayor, obviously he didn't like he was in the election, but um I got to see him speak once when I first moved out here. He seems like a nice guy. He had some policies that I wasn't a fan of um regarding like some international stuff, but overall I felt like he was a good at this point. I'm just like if we could just get trump out, I'll take anything even though
not like yeah,
if someone electable please. Thanks.
Yeah. I'm hoping also that I know like a lot of people usually don't vote and I'm hoping that with mail in voting being being an option in a lot of places, like more people will vote.
I think part of the issue is there's more democrats in this, but these are more likely to go vote. So it's like, all right, well, like you all need to just go vote please. Uh
I don't understand how there's any percent at this point.
Well, kind of insane, right? Because I'm just like, it always amazes made the amount of people who they vote on the basis of like, Well the billionaires. And I'm like you make $25,000 a year that never going to your literally against your best interest, Why are you doing
higher?
It makes no sense. And I've just found that like I won't say republicans because I think there are a lot of republicans who actually don't support trump, but for other people who support trump, there's just so much of misinformation that they just buy into. And like I understand the cognitive processes behind that because I studied cognitive psychology so I understand what drives that, but It just makes no sense to me. They're like no this is true and I'm like no literally there's 15 pieces of evidence of how it's true. I just I don't really know what else to say to you like I don't know. So I just
I don't
No.
Yeah. The whole save the Children like yes, we want to save the Children, but tags about conspiracy theories actually take resources away from saving Children.
Well
yeah, indiana is a swing state, so I'm excited to be here because it's the first time that my vote really counts because in Rhode island, like red Island goes blue. So that's great that I'm voting. But like it would go blue without me here. I'm like, oh, maybe my vote actually matters even though it does the electoral college. Um, but I remember when I first moved out here, I had to go to like a like welcome dinner for like grad school and stuff and there was another grad student in a different department and she brought her husband and Pete buddha judge that brought up because this was before he was like out of the race and he was giving a talk that night or whatever. And the husband of this grad student was like, you know, I respect his service to our country. I just don't respect the person that he chooses to be now. Me, I grew up on the east coast and little Rhode island, like people really aren't homophobic, like compared to the midwest. Like of course there are racist people, but it's not as bad as like out here. Like kind of all equality things are just a little bit better there, my friend and I'm texting her and I'm like, I think that was a homophobic statement and like, yes car. I thought it was,
I think I need to get up from this table and excuse myself for a moment so that I don't cuss someone out in my first night
because I literally want to say, you know what, I don't think that people chose to be gay, even if you did I support him in that, but you chose to be an asshole. So I don't like the person that you chose to be you.
Well
great opinion to share. What?
So I just clear up so he was like kind of awkward for the rest of the time because I excused myself, but when I came back I made it very clear that I'm
Well whoever he's talking about his 18 chickens that he owns and I'm just like okay
the Electoral
College needs to go away because your vote for the past eight years that I have been voting has counted more than my vote and Oh yeah.
Honestly I have no idea, I haven't looked into that yet.
uh huh. Yeah, I'm just really hoping one that the amy doesn't get confirmed into the Supreme Court because if you don't even know that the president doesn't have the power to delay the election, I don't want you in a lifetime position where you decide my rights.
Yeah so hopefully she doesn't get nominated and hopefully
I don't think so. They can't do anything right now. The only hope is if the Senate doesn't provide a like number of votes needed to confirm her which I'm oh
arm and then there isn't anything I believe in the constitution about the number of Supreme Court justices. So
yeah so but then people are freaking out and they're like well they're just going to add all these spots to staff the court. Me personally I would have an issue with what's happening either way. I don't think that there should be a 63 majority in the Supreme Court of any party because you can unilaterally make decisions and I'm just not like we have checks and balances in fear
hurry. Uh
So I don't know but then everybody is like well if this was happening with the democrats they'd be all for it like no
we're
It happens in 2020. Hold me accountable to my words like well we can't because we don't have the power to which you knew in 2016. Okay. Whatever five.
I don't know but hopefully Everything just gets flipped. I remember in 2016 voting and I remember I didn't like either candidate um and I was voting in Rhode Island so I think I wrote in Bernie because I was like it doesn't matter and I feel better about writing and burning so he didn't win. I was sad, obviously we knew he wasn't gonna win but whatever. Um but I remember it flipped and trump was in the lead and I was just like I can't handle this, I'm just going to bed like there's no, I'm just going to go to bed and I'll wake up tomorrow and like life will be okay and I woke up tomorrow and life was not okay.
I don't know if we can make it through four more years.
Yeah, I don't see it going well because at this point he is on the defensive because he feels like everybody's against him. The fake news media is against him. Also twitter hands down became my favorite social media platform when they were like we're gonna check you and I was just like finally someone. Um But yeah, so I feel like he even more so feels like he's on the defensive and he doesn't have anything to lose right because he can't be elected again. So either he's out of office or violates the constitution to keep himself in somehow.
it's
Sorry?
especially with them revealing this information about all this money that he owes and stuff like,
and
I
was dying during the first debate when he was like, I'll release my taxes as soon as they're done. Like your taxes from 2016 aren't done that for evil.
Well and nobody checks anything, right? Because they're like, yeah, let's waste billions of dollars on a wall. And I'm like, hi person with information over here. Most illegal immigrants come here legally on a visa and then overstay
that
so all you're doing is holding a while to keep them in the country and I'm not really sure how that's helpful. And it also doesn't help immigrants from any other country. So like are you actually concerned about immigrants or you just xenophobic and you don't want hispanic immigrants? Let's
How they should be funny but like
it's
not
the also
It's also weird right? Because he's like no I will not have a virtual debate but
all virtually on tv like why? Because if you virtually have a debate we can mute you so that just keep talking over other people.
People are allowed to talk.
Um No so I actually saw I didn't fact check it so it might not be true. I'll just sleep.
Um I just read something that said that whatever channel biden was on, he had more views on that one channel than trump had across the three channels that his like aired on.
yeah and then of course the first comment under the post was a trump supporter being like yeah I'd watch biden to. It's so entertaining watching him try to stutter through a speech and I'm just like can you
like
in
Uh huh.
So
yeah. Yeah and the other issue is like who's actually answering the polls right? There's also like response bias and who actually answers the polls.
But I'm hoping that things have gotten so bad that more people care so like people who wouldn't normally be involved in the process and who wouldn't be responding to these polls are at this point. Uh huh.
Yeah hopefully. I don't know. But I guess we'll see what happens in a couple of weeks.
He has
fun
and the best movement of the trump supporters after like well what he meant was like
Thinking then he's been saying what he didn't you guys elect him because he says what he means. Isen't that what he said in 2016 now? All of a sudden he never means what he actually said. It really meant. Something else. That's what we meant for. Yeah.
Like
what?
Nice chatting with you. I hope you.
Hi.