What's up?
you doing?
Okay. What's your name?
Movie.
Kobe.
I think I think it was my headphones. I have my headphones under my hood. I'm sorry.
Okay. All right. You
ever done this before?
Mhm. Same. And then I want to do the third time earlier this week, but I don't know. Somebody's internet was messed up. Either one of us.
I mean this you mean today or the this
pretty cool. The first guy, the first guy was the guy first like getting like a freshman. So he was like, he was just telling me about his school. And then second guy with some old guy from from Uh what's it called? Arizona like old, like older like 68 or something. So pretty diverse. What about you
this time? That's pretty funny. Wait, you got you got you got conversations on back to back days.
Yeah. All right. That's pretty chill. Yeah,
I had to I didn't get to reschedule the thing last time. So I had to like ask him like yo you were scheduled me and it's like go ahead. So so I guess I'm here.
Yeah. Where you from?
I. From D. C. And I'm living in D. C. I went to school in pennsylvania. Yeah.
Uh It's pretty chill. I mean uh I mean like it's DCs matt blue so it was like no no way it's gonna turn red. So like you kind
of get escalated from that guy even though he's living in the middle of the city. So I guess it's pretty chill
the way she went to know today
she's
back.
chest. She is terrible what government government gets me Really uh really sad. What gets me angry nowadays? Like politics and journalist gives me angry. So it was like blatantly doing like I'm not gonna call it treason because that's too strong. I think treason is too strong even though you could call it treated but they're blatantly doing stuff and you're just gonna sit there because we're democrats. I'm gonna let him do it because we're nice. No no that's not how it
works.
Yeah. What the hell? What the hell is that even meet
so
damn. So he and trump and then trump was he was he made fun of him yesterday if we're putting his hand up. It was so it was it was so stupid. Oh my God did you watch any of the town house town hall of the last night
crapshoot
crapshoot. Yeah
that
was
it was like it was like people tuned in for the debate for the entertainment factor which is so sad. But it's a nice dog.
Was there is what is it?
Some Jacks definitely heard his name.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's the real debate because I I I don't see either. I mean, I don't see biden lasting four years. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This is because the stress that I'm thinking about the stress and put some people like the stress from that point that I don't know how it is, but like four years later, pretty tough stress. Like the dawn is into. I would I think he's a terrible position himself. Oh you
saw how he was breathing when he got when he got the road up. It was terrible. That was I kind of laughed.
Like who's the guy buddha girls? Buddha buddha, whatever his name is.
I mean
I mean it's looking like Biden is going to win. But like but like uh it's always amazing to me how the Democratic Party has picked two in a row. The two people in the party that could lose to this guy. The two people that could lose to this guy two times in a row. That's the guys you pick.
though I think he's gonna win and then I don't I'm not with the people that say, What about 2016? was an anomaly. I think, I think, you know, all the polls are saying like they adjusted for that anomaly.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure early voting. It's like record numbers. I'm pretty sure I heard about that.
I was I would say I would see him. I don't know man. I don't know. It's like you don't want to Jinx it, but like 13% is pretty low. Like if
Yeah, it's insane. It makes no sense. I mean it wasn't it like it's something like if you were to do just the heads voters, It was like like 20% of America voted on men. Like if you were to count the people that didn't vote for him and then people that didn't vote at all, Only people were just it was only 20% of people voted this guy and it's terrible.
Amazing. I mean I mean
people are not europe, not happy to have them. The guys are things like that, blaming other people. You're blaming the blaming the hispanic person that gets 10-K. 10-K. Struggling make 10-K. A year. Oh no, but he he made that 10-K. I'm gonna be mad at him for making that 10-K. But I'm not gonna be mad at this billionaire for making a billion for out of nothing. It makes no it makes no sense, it makes no sense at all.
That's what
it's like. I don't even I don't even think he's dumb. I think he knows exactly what he's doing. You know it's exactly what he's doing it.
Like I can I can take a step outside and then you're looking from the outside but like yeah you're you're a master for nestor, I gotta go, gotta clap for you. So like the way he like this is all of that like like um him not denouncing anything. That was a clear sign not to you. So I don't know. I don't know. Do you hear, did you hear what exactly what he said last night? It was like I don't know, I have no idea anything about it. But I heard they catch catch a lot of pedophiles and do a lot of good but I don't know anything about it. Like you literally just you literally just Contradict yourself in one sense, in your little broken sentences.
Yeah. Hear about the new biden Hunter biden story. Like I thought I was reading a tweet that somebody explained it perfectly. How ill absurd it is to believe this. So Hunter biden lives in California. You expect them to be pretty wealthy. He had three laptops. They all broke at the same time. So he decided to fly all the way to new york to bring his three laptops to work. God I fixed him a blind guy Who who he fixed him for $85. That's the reason why he flew all the way from California to New York to fix these three computers and then he left he forgot the computers there and then the blind guy found the things and he got all the things and that's how Rudy got it. Rudy got the information and then he's holding on it 23 weeks before the election. It's like it's like it's like what do you like what are you saying this is the Cuban mom shit that's going on like this is what twitter is shutting down and now they're saying twitter is killing everybody know you the story makes no sense. It's
so it's like I read that and it's like it gets me so mad. It gets me so mad. That's not happy I live in D. C. That I don't have to talk to these people because like it's like because they really can't defend themselves.
it was
Uh In grad school
I don't understand how you could be in that kind of setting and like still think like that I really don't like I
don't know how you can get.
Exactly. Yeah. I'm gonna say this in front everybody, everybody's gonna be cool with this. I'm just gonna say it. Yeah. It makes no sense.
Right? I'm not you're not banging with. Yeah,
of
course.
Yeah. That's how many how many does Indiana have? 22? Yeah.
It might if that was my phone. I'm sorry if I if I got this off the top of the dove, how many electoral college votes is indiana as Election Day is on Tuesday? Alright. Series 6 66. That's funny. But I I think I think he's gonna win. I'm kind of comfortable but like Yeah. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. And it's as 11 by the way, I was half I got two numbers, right? That's I got the two numbers confused.
I think she will. I think I think the democrats do anything and stop it. I don't really don't think they can do anything.
That's not gonna
yeah. Isn't that Yeah, they they said that they they added this is gonna make some more spots.
Or either. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean this this this literally happened and then you guys said you worked for it like lindsey Graham but you just went exactly as obviously if it was worth four years ago, the
exact opposite.
he's still gonna win, he's still he's still going to win his seat but I guess Jamie is pushing him hard.
It was terrible. It was terrible. It was and then that weekend saturday night live had that little skit when Dave chappelle came out. I'm talking about, do you remember that? I don't know if you saw that. It was like it was like everybody was like yo this guy really? What? It was terrible. It was sad it was that if it happens again then I really don't know what's going to happen because I really don't think four years is going to be in another four years.
Yeah because it's gonna you got you got to think this is going to be a different kind of trump is going to be on a hinge trump is going to be like yeah I have four years you're not gonna do anything like like like this first four years was basically yeah I'm trying to get elected for another four years after that. I'm pretty sure it leads some elite that some he said that to somebody. I'm pretty sure I think I read that somewhere that he's like gonna be crazy and the next if he has another term.
I don't know if you see this is this has come back to the dem is being like strong arm, are are there going to be vindictive and like make sure are they going to be vindictive if he loses? Like I think they should be I think they should. I think they should be. I think they should be just as vindictive as he wanted to be to Hillary but Hillary they do nothing but he actually did something so I feel
so like if that's gonna
be what he's scared I think that's what he's scared for. I think that's what he's scared of. He's not trying to leave because they're going to get them out of there like.
Yeah he just so remember
his campaign promise four years ago to release his taxes. He literally just filed a motion with the Supreme Court so that he doesn't have to release his taxes today. Like what do you like? He's trying so hard to not finish his campaign promise from four years ago. Like what do you like? But yeah this is okay, this
is just fine.
Yeah. I r S literally came out and said yo you can release your taxes when you're being audited. That's not it doesn't stop you from releasing your taxes you like you're just talking shit at this point. But like nobody on his side is going to check that it's all about owning the Libs stars.
And
I say yeah and that's saying and I'm saying
it makes it makes no sense. Remember that caravan that caravan that caravan was all the rage for years for months. It was coming to the wall, it was going oh my God.
It's not I don't yeah it's not
funny
but it's hilarious.
It's this is like this is gonna be it, if this was a saturday night skit it was it was gonna be there. So another thing NBC people were dragging on them. I'm not mad at NBC now because the savannah was apparently Savannah was really going in on them. Apparently. Apparently she asked 40 something questions and the crowd on yaks. Ted I love you, I love it. I love it. Impressive.
Well
100%.
And you and you know. Damn well he did this at the same time. Shit. So he can be like, yo we have bigger Raiders invited him. Apparently does he didn't even have bigger ratings?
See you in the CNN c I mean I'm I follow CNN so you know they're breaking news is tweeted it but go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah, like CNBC all of them. Yeah. Great. Great.
He
said that you know, he didn't watch it because because he was like straight to the point answering questions. I, this whole time. I thought biden had dementia. I thought, I thought, I thought I thought he was out of there. I thought
there was nobody. I thought that there was a thought Kamala might as well be president. Like, like yeah, he's sure he's since the debate in a couple of months before the debate has been showing up. So I guess I looks good. I really think he's gonna win. I think it's kind of over by this point because Uh huh.
I mean,
yes, The waste that this funny thing to wait about percentages and stats work is that if he wins with a 1% chance, the numbers didn't mind, he still went with that 1% chance. So it sucks.
Well,
A lot of these polls this said they just adjusted for whatever Mishap was who died in 16. So the fact that at least they said it I don't know what the actual adjustment was because I'm not into polling and all of that. But like the fact that they said it I'm kind of taking in account
Last 2 3 weeks. Great great great
this
guy this guy total this guy and told him to stand down. That was yeah I watched that live and that's what I literally turned off. I said what? I turned off the T. V. Right after that because that was insane. It was like trying to stand out. You know what stand back stand down. I was like what the hell are you saying? I was oh
no it's up. Yeah that's what,
fine. Very fine people all of them.
I
think it's over. Well, I think we got 25 minutes. This conversation can give going for years because I think because it's because this is this content at this point. What Well,
time between Claressa go blue blue wave.
All right, see you.