Hello.
I can
I'm doing pretty well, how about you?
Yeah, so how many times have you done?
this is the six I believe.
Yeah. Well I guess I guess uh yeah, I've done I've done quite a few of these. Um This is the latest one I've ever done, I've never been scheduled after like four PM before, so
it,
that makes sense. What
do you
do?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm uh you know, just focusing
everything
through
this
country.
Yeah, like through covid and everything. I've just been focusing on college and everything. Uh
Yeah.
Uh Yeah, I go to a community college right now, but I'm transferring to a university next year. Hopefully we'll see how Covid is looking
by them.
All
Hopefully. Yeah, I'm optimistic. I'd say
I'm in north Carolina.
floor.
Uh huh. Yeah, I don't think I've ever I've never had I've never talked to anyone from north Carolina here, so maybe there's
not a large amount of prolific users. Mhm. So what do you do as uh what do you, what do you for a job
more?
You
know,
I
think,
Mhm. I think I started probably March or a whole
uh and I kind of took a break for a while because I got sick of like, You know, the for a while I'd only be getting like nine cent things and I kind of just, I don't know, I lost interest and then I I came back probably a month ago and I'm pretty frequently since then.
Yeah, I know. Um Well, I think it's like reddit, I think it's on credit. Uh
there's there's like a community of people for this website and they, the theory they have is that if you are inactive for a while, it gives you more. So that like when you do log on there's a bunch
of, you kind of get hooked again, but
the
more you use it, the less of a priority you become.
I I don't know how true it is. Um
it's it's kind of in line with what I've seen. Yeah.
that is true. This is probably definitely the most interesting thing I've done on prolific.
I wonder, I wonder if anyone answers those like, dude, I love it, it's it goes on forever.
Um I was a theater manager for regal cinemas and
I
was, yeah, I was like the junior manager so like you know, I had a key to the building but I wasn't like really in charge of anything or a
pretty small one of the smaller locations that regal had.
It yeah, it's uh it's not coming back like movies,
movie theaters are probably just kind of gone now.
I think that why covid mhm. Uh huh was able to do this was able to completely kill theaters um is that it gave the studios almost a trial by fire that the whole time the thing that's been keeping theaters alive
that
they were worried like what if we put, what if we just put this on netflix or now Disney plus or for pay per view on amazon and it doesn't do as well as it would in theaters, what do we do then? We just kind of lost a big release. No, they did it with Milan. I know and move on from what I've seen, it was pretty successful. Uh Some people at first we're reporting it as like a massive flop but like you what
customer
her?
Yeah. The but you do own the movie at that point.
kinda like apparent it's if from my understanding as long as you have a Disney plus subscription you can watch that movie as many times as you want. It wasn't like a rental or anything. So it's it's you own it with a very big ass tricks. Yeah.
Some.
Uh huh. Yeah. And yeah like I do wonder for like how much does for the average consumer, I wonder how much it does really benefit them to have something like netflix? Mm. Uh huh. There I know there are people that like well let's Covid is a pretty big exception. But I'd say like pre Covid, I know there were people that would spend a lot of time on netflix but I'd say probably the average consumer would watch probably a season of T. V. A month on that. Yeah. Yeah. And so if you're paying $10 a month for that season, well how much would it be to just by the blue ray of that tv show? Mm hmm.
And yeah. I've always been curious about it. And the I don't know netflix, it's netflix and Disney Plus and all of them they have they have interesting rules because with tv and with movie theaters they had to report how much how many people watch or at least give the estimates. Um that had to be public. It's part of all the various agreements with various people they have but it is not the same. So so like we don't know how well Mulan actually did on Disney Plus because it is not required to make that information public. So we assume it didn't, it's easy to assume it didn't like do some amazing amount because they probably publicize that to be like, look at this movie, everyone watched it. There's
there's other things that it clearly it didn't just completely fly.
I have not either. Um It I was not, I'm in no way the target. Mhm. Movies. Um I was interesting. I was interested in it from the perspective of someone who is vaguely in the film industry, through working in theaters and wanted to see how it how releasing it like that. I'm pretty sure it was successful.
No, actually I'm going I'm trying to become a toy designer.
Thank you. Um It's
not a super
commonly, you know, I I feel like it's something I enjoy. I have a rather large collection, various action for using stuff.
Some of them specific shelves are things I've done specific shelves are just various things I've bought and been gifted over the years.
Um There are there are two ways to go. One of them is much more realistic for people like me and industrial design.
Well right now I'm measuring in a transfer degree and then I'll. Yeah but uh industrial design is what most people do. There is one specific college in New York that does a toy design degree But they only taken 15 students every two years. It's like insanely hard to get in and it is insanely expensive and I don't understand why people do it because I have a friend who I have various friends in who worked in the toy industry and one of them went to that school and got that degree and it's not like they make more or anything. They it's just more specialized and there's no real reason for it.
Um Well right now There are mostly five companies um lego is currently the biggest, but they only do lego. And Hasbro who does marvel and Star Wars recently got power rangers. I think there's mattel who does barbie and that's kind of, that's their biggest thing. Break. Um Mhm. And I what's the other 1? Milton Bradley Bradley as the other one. So it kind of and then there are smaller ones. But those are like the big easy to get a job there if you just want in the industry. Uh
huh. The
big problem is what a lot of people don't don't really realize. So. Mhm. Like a toy, like an action figure of whatever character it is, they have a very low per unit cost. Everyone kind of knows that everyone is like this is made in china for.
Well nowadays. Yeah but like if a year is like $20 at target, it's probably $2 for the yes, but there are a lot of other costs that go into it like making the molds. Um the reason that going back, as long as there have been injection molds, uh there have been re paints and stuff like black stormtrooper and stuff like that. Is that be making the injection mold costs? It's probably 100,000 Make it one thing, so that's why they get reused and everything so often, that's why a lot of stuff is repainted and reused, but it's like it does always kind of irks me when people are like oh this was there so cheap to make but per unit yes, but to actually it's not easy to just go, you know
what, I'm just gonna make a toy, you know because there's a lot of upfront costs, so.
I can grab a couple things yeah.
Mhm. Fine.
Mhm. Oh
so this is the closest thing to any produced thing I've done and it's just a resin casted figure. So I sculpted by hand which is why it is not perfect.
Um So I sculpted it with clay um Like so most sculpting clay comes in two parts. Mhm.
Yeah so and you mix it and then it will harden and it's depending on what brand is different prices and everything. I I like this stuff is pretty cheap on amazon. So I sculpted it and then look a cast of I just basically I glued it to the bottom of a plastic cup and then I filled it with silicone so
then
that's that
are going on once. Once that hardens. Yeah I had a little mold and I just I have a couple copies of this guy.
Yeah. He's supposed to be little
robot. I call him the lazy robot because he's just sitting there. He has a little bag of that's supposed to be
thank you. And then the other stuff I do is just like I customize lego figures. So I hear samples from Metroid.
So
yes, they are very similar back when I was uh a kid playing soup because I thought that's from a uh huh. So
um so I just, you know, I just took a regular lego figure and I I sculpted and painted on top of it. Yeah. That
thank you. Yeah.
Um I have not, I c I like I'd follow people that do and that stuff is insane and it looks anything and I have friends who do it and I I don't know, I don't have the patience for it.
It's it's it's different. And I um so like I have my friends that do Warhammer Like painting one of those little 2" figures can take like 20 hours.
I don't know maybe like Because I guess I guess thinking about it, I don't know how much these take. They might like this Sam, this might have taken 20 hours and I just didn't
want
I didn't like clock in for it. And obviously when hearing my friends be like, yeah, this took like 20 hours. That's very intimidating, you know?
It Yeah,
I think, Yeah, I agree. Um I think part of why I chose to specifically pursue it is that I like there's not even like I can't even pick a date as to when I started like customizing toys. Because it has always been something I've done. Like, even as a little kid, I take sharpies and
Very great customization is, But I was always interested in making toys. And I figure if 20 years later I'm still interested, I hopefully doing it as a career, I won't completely, I won't get in their day one and be like, oh, I hate this.
Um yes, I actually, I need an internship um to get a degree. It's that's I think
third year I need to do. So honestly, I'm kind of lucky in that due to having done this for so long. I have made connections. So it's not even really a problem of getting one of the internships. It's more a problem of I have multiple people who could probably get me get me one and I have to pick which one I want
to do. And I'd have to be like, yeah, sorry, I'm I'm going with this guy.
And Oh, very much so, very much so. I know that's another thing, like I know get a massive problem nowadays is people getting out of college and just not not being able to find any work. So that's that's another thing that went into it because there's not a lot of people who are wanting to be toy designers. Um most people who get into it at least further now, it is kind of getting a little more often, but further back. Most people would look at being a toy designer as like a very basic stepping stone. Like I want to be a toy designer for more than a year, I want to do this and then at least a year later I want an actual product design design job, that's that's how a lot of people saw. And a lot of people still do, which does lead to jobs in toy design, not being super hard to get. Yeah.
What?
what?
yeah, especially nowadays. Um, because like, okay, as the more articulated, the more joints, the smaller the joints get, the more everything kind of has to be done with computers, we're no longer at a point where, you know, uh, the five points of articulation, old Star Wars figures have nowadays or something like that. People, I just have no interest. But back then it was much more reasonable to think like, yeah, this can be sculpted by hands. It's not intricate. They luckily. Um yeah, computer aided design is part of all industrial design degrees nowadays, so yeah, that's good.
All right, well that is 26 minutes.
You too,
Good
luck with medical research.