Well, what?
I hope that's around my volume. Here we go. Hi, my name's Ellie, what's your name?
Okay, so how's your friday going?
What
do you do? Yeah.
That's awesome.
My friday has been great. I'm in college right now. Milk Mass on friday's David. Yes.
Do you have um you have plans for after America, like your major and what do you plan to do?
I'm
What?
That's awesome. If it wasn't for Covid, I would be uh be in Chicago for thanksgiving. Yeah.
Families
and
Uh huh. Nice or scary I guess, but
my dad always says that we should move to Chicago because it will be a tropical paradise. Yeah.
I mean mechanical engineering,
so I feel very lucky I got a job lined up before Covid hit, so Mhm.
Oh yeah, I feel like half of the world's mechanical engineers are from Purdue.
but I'm going to work writing patent application. No.
Yeah. No. Well, and it's way more fun than like being the person that some car company who really knows about valves, you know? Uh huh. Yeah,
I feel so blessed
yet. It was sort of random I really wanted. So um a couple years in, I realized that I hate mechanical engineers. They uh they're really mean. Uh
Mhm And um well I wish I'd had that sophomore year, I had that later and it was too late to switch. And um so I was like, what am I going to do? It was like maybe I could be a lawyer. So I looked up like engineering lawyer job and like internships you could do, you know? And there was one, there's one hit if you search uh engineer law intern in my school's job website and
I, but I got it and I did the internship, it was fantastic. And I ask for your job
down,
it wasn't for that, I would be working on air conditioners.
Yes, I would say it's pretty light, yeah. Yes, I mean it's light in that, I'm not stressed about getting good grades because I don't, I have an early, early onset senioritis. Ah
no it's pretty average four days a week and get a one weekend. So strict,
but.
Have you started in like covid hobbies, anything that started towards?
Oh
Greece.
It's hot.
Well the video game idea, that's a really good idea because I um I feel like I had the same experience I as a kid, my parents were very sure that any games I had had to have some educational value to. Um
And so yeah, if it's really just like Mario kart and some wanting to play Mario kart with them, I'm like running off the side. I can't do anything. Right one. Right.
Like that's a really, that's actually a good idea. I would really benefit socially from having some video game skills. But yeah, I've been doing cooking, I did the bread thing like everyone
else
I am,
then I moved on to pizza, so now I'm doing pizza
making.
Yeah, pretty, pretty good. Pretty um it makes up for not eating out. I would take the quality of my food at home has gone up just left them
peter.
I made pizza with sausage, artichoke hearts and onions and I really like,
well it's like absolutely underrated that role.
That's true. You know, it sounds controversial at first, but I guess it is sort of enough,
definitely. My favorite, the cop in.
So.
I think so. Yeah. My parents got me this book called Salt Fat acid Beat, which is like,
yeah, it's a Tv show and
I tried the Tv shows. It's pretty good. But the book is amazing because it's all about cook without a recipe. Um what are the rules of good food? And that really helped? I feel like I can now I don't need a recipe. I can just like do it was
very
hot
because the whole book is really interesting. It's like the, you know, all food just from like a biological basis. The four things that make food delicious to us are like um I saw that acids and then cooking it in a way that makes it like your crispy or creamy. Um so that was well, that's so cool. And then
start seeing
it, you're like, huh, I didn't realize that Oreos were acidic and salty, but they are you like past all popular foods has resulted, so that was really mhm,
if you look at the ingredients, it's all like citric acid and everything, even though you think, you know, it's one of those sour food, but mhm.
But
All
baked enough things uh
that's super cool, you know, I don't think that well, but I would love to get there. Mhm,
And
no food is great because especially as a college, the standards are well, you know, no one right, and if you really mess it up, no one's complaining that you're like having them come over and Yeah, yeah.
Mhm, mhm.
What?
What?
mm.
Each
I remember I feel like I remember some Children's books that I read as a kid about like a society of people on an island where they each cook one thing. Just remind you that
What?
Yeah.
Yeah that's not the case. Fine. I was studying in um I was studying abroad before over here. All right,
it was in Madrid is awesome.
I did yes, I am
I
heard so sad but we had a really good group there of like people from different countries and we're all making each other food for our country's going
Well so I so I lived in a fact with 11 other people which was crazy, it was a huge apartment, it was like an entire floor of an apartment building with one kitchen and one bathroom. Uh but um there were, there was a french girl, there was an italian guy, there was um there was this person from, well he had a little bit of a weird cuisine mixture because he was from South Africa, but he grew up in Jamaica and so like studied in Italy and he had a girlfriend from I think kenya and so it was a real
big mashup of food there, but
okay, some really good stuff, they had like, this is the one thing that I have like continued to make, that they taught me um which were these doughnuts, they're not really doughnuts, but they're like, they are a mixture of cornmeal and banana and sugar, that's been like balls and pride, so it's sort of like a donut hole, but it's mostly been in there really,
Mhm. Yeah, that was, that was, there were a lot of americans to um But
Yeah.
Yes you tried to
make the meals that was way too graphic.
Um Well I it was a really unfortunate turn of events because I global events have gotten in the way of my study abroad every time because I am chinese for seven or 8 years. My plan was to study abroad in Hong Kong. Uh Uh huh. I said do you maybe make different plans like maybe I should go to Taiwan instead because it really it seems like it's not going well there. My mom said don't worry you're being crazy, it's going fine. And then I was like it's all right. It's like now that where he was fine and he said well the dorm where I was going to stay in they just was set on fire and they're firing mortar shelter and there's this well of
yeah, it's a horrible hilarious. So there is this full of the door and I would have said that with like people using the tables from the common room a field. So I couldn't go to Hong kong and I went to sleep. Are persons like I've already paid the deposit like what where else can I go Madrid? Because we have people working Madrid. So that's
how what's the grid? And it was pretty awesome learned little spanish and um very positive experience. Actually for a while I got around using trends and going to chinese restaurants because
I couldn't Hamish, I didn't order the school I went to was like no because in Madrid, the things that everyone speaks english right? The school I went to more in the suburbs and no one there speaks english, you know? Um and so if I want to like order food, I would just go to a chinese restaurant and they would
be like sorry, we don't speak english and every like it's okay.
No.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, India though, that's amazing. Do you have, it sounds like your plans of revolve around India, you want to teach english there is that perfect?
But
That's
good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I love to, I'm not sure when that would put into my life, but I was I know way on this point that so the other company that like I essentially dive offer from this air conditioning company and that company you could have gotten a job right sort of anywhere because they have manufacturing plants all over the world and so get a foreign station in all these places and I was really interested in that because you can do France Australia, south africa like so many places. But
yeah I ended up not going with that so now I really don't know where.
that's true. Yeah. Right. Yeah I mean I hope I get to do something. I mean more than just you know traveling or taking a vacation
but realistically probably not.
Yeah. Yeah.
So how did you get started doing these studies? Is uh. Mhm.
It is.
wow what's that?
This is my fourth I think this is I've done the ton of studies. I mean I've done study because like a main way to make money during college for.
Um But of course when Covid hit although like most lucrative things like mris and uh you know
So many E. G. Studies and the weirdest what I did was it was um they put they put the cap on and then you watched Bridget jones's Diary with the sound off.
Wait did you do this?
we
it's weird that they're doing it in multiple places
I guess.
huh.
Yeah that would make sense. Yeah that that was a really weird study. They also had to do one where it was uh it was supposed to be training you to hear better. Uh But they're actually really interesting study and and there were they said you know we're going to play you two tones and you have to guess There are three tones and you have to guess which two are the same tone and it's going to improve your hearing. And so For like nine months um like an hour a week for nine months. And it was infuriating because I felt like I never tell the tones apart.
Eight from work and they were like yeah they were all the same tone and the non controlled group has like way better hearing now but yours is the same. Yeah.
Happy to or
Yeah. I did I did this one study. It was a really interesting study actually. They told me, okay we're going to give you a genetic test and we're going to um then we're gonna record a conversation with you about your ancestry and um her uh And I was like OK I know this is I'm not sure what they're doing but I know this isn't real because that genetic test, there's no way they can do it in the 15 minutes between getting I'm going to do it and so says you know I go to the room and it says you're just test came back to your white and your ancestors are from europe and please talk about how you feel about that. And I was like well I'm pretty sure that was made up data but still you know, talk to be hypothetical
at the end of it. They were like you're the only person who figured out that was fake, I was like what no one knew but it was this study was they told it was black people and white people and they told you they told the I was in the control room but the other groups got told that they were white, they got told they were black, there were black, they got told they were white and it
was
like
apparently they had to run in and stop a guy because he had like he was black and he totally was white and he had like such a mental breakdown from it. They had to stop this study.
No. Yeah.
And
Yeah.
Did you ever get this is a really interesting thing? Did you ever get um the sentences, They're like these sentences and they're mostly monosyllabic words and they want you to repeat back what the sentence was.
All
Actually, I feel like I was always getting cold like repeat back these sentences like john helped build the boat and stuff like anger Million Kroons. I ran across what they were prone, but it's
Look.
That
is
so this
is very,
Yeah, wow, that's fascinating.
I thought so many, I couldn't couldn't even keep blackmail. Are you?
Yeah. By one which was to figure out if death people
are better at virtual reality games. Um
It was they had hearing people and deaf people and then you played a VR game and they measure your performance and but they were like there are other things like because they essentially if you knew any sign language and either like a tiny bit of sign language they measure like your sign language ability versus your V. R. The game ability. So there was all these tests like
and
finally
are you? Yeah.
I know a very weird in my own room Simon because I worked at Gallaudet University for. Yeah which was awesome. I
worked
um I worked in experience sense each lab but I was doing like telecommunications stuff. Mhm. Cell phone technology. Uh
Yeah but all my coworkers were damped so I learned like actually go sideways, but I don't know all the stuff I picked up to, you know, get by.
Oh yeah, I can tell you all about um all about like, wideband versus, you know, band uh you know, audio compression technology. But it's like
Oakland. All right, well, it looks like we've actually gone past. Okay, So thank
you.