SPEAKER_R: Hi. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I literally just like I've been texting this massive text for the past 15 minutes because I get obsessive and I looked up at the clock and I was like oh my God is 3 59 and I almost completely forgot to sign off. So here I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: cool. Well, I'm glad you did. Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: I have. I think you're actually like the last one I'm allowed to do maybe because I've lost count. Yes. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've done I think this is my fourth.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: it's gone okay. Have you had a lot of no shows?
SPEAKER_L: I have and I've had some called difficulties to like my last few, the call would just drop in the middle of it for some reason. So that's been strange. But I contact I contacted them and they wouldn't respond to me and I haven't had any other issues like video calling people, so I'm not sure. Have you had any technical issues with it?
SPEAKER_R: just the last one. Um It was pretty bad, so lots of drops and we had to keep logging back in, but then it smoothed out. So so far everything else has been fine. We'll see what we get today.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you gotten all is it all females or any males?
SPEAKER_L: It's it's been a good mix of males and females. Yeah. All
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: I've gotten all girls and so I was
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: wondering if they did that, you know for security reasons or safety reasons or you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting though. I definitely have had a lot of guys. Mhm. Probably
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: more gullible.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Okay. So you said four o'clock, so you're not in the central time zone? Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in colorado. Where are you? At
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Louisiana.
SPEAKER_L: what? Up? I hear your accent, I like it.
SPEAKER_R: hilarious. Well from texas. So uh
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've been here uh maybe eight years or so. So are you from colorado,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, basically I was raised here um Yeah, I was born in Washington state but I barely spent any time
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: there as a kid. Um
SPEAKER_R: so you're basically a colorado girl? Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So do you plan out what you're gonna say? You said you get obsessive? So
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I was just I don't know, are you doing
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: think I
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_R: thanksgiving. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I was like
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: things are like crazy here with Covid, I don't know how you feel about all that could be controversially. Um So my boyfriend's family wanted to see us but I was like writing a thing to them saying I didn't feel like completely safe seeing them because they've just been traveling a lot and stuff, but I think they think I feel a little defensive because I'm a little way more paranoid than them and they're more on the side of like to the point it's a conspiracy type of side opposite spectrum. So I was trying to like navigate the message but I didn't settle on anything so that was
SPEAKER_R: Was that
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: taxi,
SPEAKER_L: idea. Yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: was that the text you were working on? Oh God, that's tough. How awkward.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. It is like I don't I don't know how to do it but I don't know how do you feel about all of that?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm super paranoid, I'm very liberal in a very Republican area, so it's difficult. Um My family is still in texas, my mom's a little loosey goosey with it, but the rest of my family is doing what I'm doing. I mean my I didn't put my kids in school this year, so that should give you some idea of how I feel about it. I think if we were all doing better than it would be a lot better right now and it's just crazy. It's gotten to the point where I go to the store and like I see people without masks and I feel angry. I'm like, just, I mean, can you, science
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: has told us for many, many years to cough in your elbow. I mean, so you can't wear that mask for me
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: for all of us.
SPEAKER_L: for any P. S.
SPEAKER_R: You can't be that hard. I don't know, Carl. I don't envy your position. What
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: does your boyfriend say?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well he really agrees with me. I'm kind of like his family is it's so interesting because they're kind of hippie type of people. I think they're also very like anti government, anti Western medicine to the point that it goes into like oh it could be a conspiracy and that like it's really it's really bad. I've gotten into arguments with his sister before because she literally said to me a few months ago, we haven't talked a word about it since she said what if it's a hoax? She said that and I said,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: I said 250,000 people have died. Like if you don't believe the evidence of that, then you're just going to say the Holocaust is a hoax, like where's the line? Where's the line? You know? Like I just got actually angry at it because I was just like you're invalidating so many people is like death and suffering. How can you do? Because she wouldn't wear a mask, I don't know. And she's 22, and her mom's like, her mom's older, you know, and they live together and I'm just like. they just went on like this multi cross country traveling thing.
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. So
SPEAKER_R: no, wow.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: That's well, I'm glad you're not going. I know
SPEAKER_L: business.
SPEAKER_R: it's gonna be hard, but you'll just have to, I don't know what you're gonna say. Just be short and to the point I'm uncomfortable going, I'm not going or is your boyfriend going
SPEAKER_L: No, that would be okay because we let my boyfriend and I lived together, so
SPEAKER_R: I don't. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: just felt like, I mean it would be pointless for him to go and then probably give it to me if it were to spread like that. So I don't know. But his family, yeah, his mom is very big on, like, I think if it were up to his mom, we would see each other every single day. So are you like in the same house? She's very intense like that. But so
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: close
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: to you? Like location wise?
SPEAKER_L: Um we're about 45 minutes away right now.
SPEAKER_R: That's too bad that you're not further apart. You
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: can't say we just can't make the drive.
SPEAKER_L: wait, um yeah, we can't get away with complaining about the travel times, unfortunately, correct?
SPEAKER_R: I was trying to work that angle for you, but I guess not your boyfriend is used to. I mean, he obviously like supports you and thinks the way you do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, here's the more I think um I eventually persuaded him, uh but some like that believing that all source sources are equally untrue or true is a very dangerous thing and that evidence actually matters. You know what I mean? Because it actually electable. And so I got him more on the side of like science based thinking as opposed to anti science. I think there's a I think there is legitimate like, you know, concerns are even with the vaccine coming out. Like I understand people being nervous about it because it's like going through fast and like I can understand both sides. But when it gets to the extreme extreme where it's like you can't trust doctors at all and that you know what that it gets very, it's almost very cynical because it starts you start acting like every single doctors in it for the money or like every single journalist is somehow I just don't believe that I believe there are journalists with integrity. There are doctors with integrity that want to you know, take the Hippocratic or anything help you. But they're so far on the other side where it's like the automatic distress or suspicion of all authorities basically, you know? So it's like I don't know how to engage with that because it's almost because they'll just read an article online that has no evidence or sources at all like Breitbart or like alright type of things with and just crazy stuff, you know, like I don't know so and just believe that it's equally valid to like I don't know, I'm very passionate about this because I just think misinformation has really destroyed the country in my opinion. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I I agree with you. That's crazy to me. It makes me sad. Really?
SPEAKER_L: it is sad because they're very good compassionate people. I see
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I'm on reddit a lot and people are very angry at people that are like anti-vaxxers and people like that and I'm like and most people like that and they're actually like you would like that. Like, you know, it's just like this weird, there's like a disconnect I wish also people could be less like less angry and mad and more trying to engage with people. But at the same time, I understand there's like, I don't know, I don't know how to I don't know now you were as you're turning ran about something in your past or.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God. This is like the topic de jour, right? It's on everybody's mind. So it's big for me to
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the other day. I took my kids to the pediatrician for their well visits that we do every year. And I was like, and we've been close, we're close to the pediatrician. Like he plays in a band and we go and see him play and stuff. So I was like totally turning out and I'm like, I can't wait to ask him about the vaccine. But then I didn't want to because I figured everybody was. And so I finally said something totally damn. Like I was like, so I guess everybody was asking you about the vaccine, Huh? And he was like, went vaccine. And I was like,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the Covid. And he's like, no. Most of my people are like, we don't want the flu shot because it's got Covid in it. And I was like, oh, that's so sad. He was like, yeah, let's dirt out. So he was telling me how he felt about the vaccine and you know, all the good points about it from his medical opinion. So that was really cool. But it made me sad that other he's like, you wouldn't believe people question me and they're like, well, I read on facebook and then they'll argue with me that this vaccine that the flu vaccine has Covid in it. And he's like, I don't know what people like that. There's no winning. Yeah. That kind of made me sad. But
SPEAKER_L: There was my boyfriend's sister who was my friend for a period of time, but then we went through a rough patch. But she she
SPEAKER_R: guess.
SPEAKER_L: sent me a thing like many I think it was last year just about there's this massive conspiracy that Bill Gates is like has or even inventive coronavirus just so that they could develop a vaccine which would then have microchips that would be put and I'm like, what? I don't even know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy out there. It's really out there. It's a lot. It's a lot sometimes. Yeah. I had a friend that I was sort of I mean kind of friendly with, we weren't really tight. But anyways I asked him like how are you going to get the vaccine? And she was like, I don't want to be microchips. And I thought she was kidding. This was my introduction to the whole thing. And so I like laughter and I was like, no, seriously. You know, isn't it exciting? And then she went off on the whole conspiracy think so now she called me the other day and I was like I can't I just can't you can. It's hard to her right now. So I don't know guys crazy. So
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: what we'll do for thanksgiving like you and your boyfriend do you cook or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we like cooking together so we actually haven't really like figured it out because I guess like we've been kind of ignoring the situation and this came on very so we don't have plans yet, but we should do something like, but I don't that's another thing. I'm like, should I not be going to the store as much even to like get food for things going? You know what? I'm getting that level of paranoid where I'm like, should we just work on whatever happens in the house or work with whatever is in the house. And I don't, I don't know if that's the next level of crazy where I like stop going to the star. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't know can
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: because you
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: have kids, you have kids to feed and, and yeah, but I felt like if I was super rich and had like my own like bunker full of food, I would not be leaving that. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I do a lot of the pickets. I mean I go in the store but I try to make quicker and so like for weekly groceries I do the online pickup.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I should just do an online pickup, that's what I should do. You did.
SPEAKER_R: I love it. I mean I felt throughout for the employees but I also think you know it keeps more people out of the stores and I try to tip them a couple of bucks just to be like thanks man, you know? But if we need something during the week I run in try not to bring the kids, you know that kind of stuff. So I tried to temper the crazy. So my husband he's definitely you know on the science that he's a very sci fi type of guy but he's a lot less um he's a little more till you know, I'm like, oh my God, you know, so he kind of tempers me a little bit, but
SPEAKER_L: my boyfriend's like that two way more chill with everything like ranting about politics. He's like, no, we don't need to hyper fixated on all that stuff all the time. Um How old are your kids?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, there are six and 9.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. So yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're super cute.
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: they girls boys? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: two boys,
SPEAKER_L: What? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: which is awesome. So pretty close. So I was really worried about keeping them at home. And of course there's a whole social thing. I mean, I'm not like a home schooler, like I don't think everybody should be home schooled. I anyways, it's, it's been challenging, but their play really well together and I do everything I can outside. So like we will do Playdates with friends outside and my kids wear their masks. So even though like I, I don't have to, I can social distance from the mom at the park, but I just wear my mask to support my kids, so they feel more comfortable and most of my friends are kind of like minded. So they wear their mask too. And we just, I just tell my kids, hey, you know, it's tough to do the right thing sometimes. But this is what we're, this is our family is doing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: ultimately.
SPEAKER_R: So they're doing all right.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It sounds like
SPEAKER_R: they're here.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like appreciate um
SPEAKER_R: So I appreciate you too. I love talking to other people who are cautious and Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Trying to help everybody out and myself. I mean, I don't want to get it right
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: was just
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: in um yeah, a threat of people talking about losing their taste and sense of smell and basically having a minor case of it, but still like months later not being able to smell and taste and just how much that affects them. And I'm just like, like even a minor case can you send, you know, side effects that are pretty, I don't know. I just, I really don't want, I told my boyfriend that um yeah, my goal is to get to the vaccine without getting covid, it's like, I really feel like unless there's some huge thing that comes out about it, I'm going to be first in line for the vaccine, but wow.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. Well, I hope you make your goal. There's a lot of good news about the vaccine. So I'm excited about that. I'll
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: definitely sign up. I mean, I guess healthcare workers are going to get first as they should and then maybe teachers and the elderly or I don't know who. I'll wait my turn patiently. But I will, I will get it. Yeah. And I figure everyone who's getting it's helping it, everyone who's getting it helping. So I'll try not to freak out. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy times. It's crazy time. So I don't know what we'll do for thanksgiving will be kind of boring, but
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: well I don't know what we'll do. Make a cake or something with the kids maybe
SPEAKER_L: cute Like in the shape of the turkey? Except
SPEAKER_R: some feathers and like sticking it to escape. So where do you get to a prolific? How did you get read it? That's how I found
SPEAKER_L: From
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's been, yeah, really nice. Um It was, I didn't expect it to be so nice because I've been on some other service sites that are so terrible and barely paying you anything. So yeah. How long have you been on it?
SPEAKER_R: Like three or 4 weeks. Not a super long time, but I really like it. It's interesting and I had done mturk but this sounds really bad during the day I'm teaching the kids and then at night I'm trying to do a little lesson plans or whatever so I didn't have the time to invest into mturk to really understand it well and I just found that it wasn't very rewarding, like financially and mentally just
SPEAKER_L: tv.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I did
SPEAKER_R: find
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: him?
SPEAKER_L: like one day my boyfriend did it for longer and I just, yeah, I was not motivated because it was so, you know, the payouts are just terrible and I've had a lot of interesting surveys on this that I actually feel like I'm also contributing things to researchers that I don't know, but I don't I don't know. I'm sure because I was barely on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Apparently I was reading on Reddit about it, you have to kind of research and figure it out a little bit, so maybe in the future, but right now it's just not a good time for me to do it. So are you working or working from
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: home?
SPEAKER_L: I am looking for like some type of remote work, but I have like, and I was a pretty bad and I was going to see a doctor. That's another thing is I was going to go see a doctor and get tested in person, but I've had really severe chronic fatigue and insomnia and like just a lot of issues recently that made it really hard to work thankfully like my boyfriend's a graphic designer and he's working, but I feel like I want to contribute and stuff, but I feel like I really need like a super flexible job, which is really, I don't even know what to look for. Exactly. But yeah, I've been trying to find something remote and something flexible, but um I've just been having a lot of health issues. So it's been like some days are like a complete struggle to even function. What? So there's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: awful, I'm sorry to hear that.
SPEAKER_L: okay. It's been um yeah, I don't know that there's a long story with that, but um I just want I have been working on like becoming like getting my yoga teacher certification online because I have to, yeah, after Covid is over. I really want to be like, there's even things like yoga therapist and stuff, which I didn't even know about, but I love to do things like that. Um but that also like my plans that we kind of got dampen because of Covid too. Because I'm like, actually start doing it. But um yeah, that's my life.
SPEAKER_R: Are you hearing video right now? Like I mean not right at this second, but in general as you find it helps you,
SPEAKER_L: It helps me a lot. That's why I got really into it because it helps me. Yeah. I cope with like a lot of my physical and mental health symptoms. Like I feel like it's like the number one thing that has kept me saying especially
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: threatens.
SPEAKER_R: fantastic. Good for you,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I love you that I like uh since the pandemic up and trying to meditate again and stuff but I'm not really sticking to it but I do find a huge difference, Like I'm really big into exercise, whatever you want to do, it's great, but I think people need to move their bodies, you know, if you just go walk uh like my sister is really out of shape and a lot of times she doesn't feel well or um I hate to say it, but she's obese, you know, and I'm totally the opposite of that and I'm like I just want her to go and just start walking, you know, get up off the couch and like I think it's just so good for your brain, and yoga is kind of the same to me, it's a totally different type of exercise, but it is really good for strengthening muscles and stretching and I think it just gets your brain in a different space,
SPEAKER_L: Nurse
SPEAKER_R: so I think that's awesome that you do that for yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I completely agree. And in a weird way I like counter intuitive, we had to stop listening to my fatigue and my body saying like, you can't actually don't feel good enough to do this when really it's like, I just literally have to force myself even to start moving for five minutes and I will feel so much better and I just have to get there is like when you get into that slump of like yeah fatigue or sickness or anything that just tells you you can't move and it's just like becomes a self perpetuating awful slug cycle and I've definitely been yeah but
SPEAKER_R: At the
SPEAKER_L: I got addicted to yeah to movements because like it is very healing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is, I agree. I first started doing yoga like my whole family kind of did a long time ago my dad had brain cancer for years and years and that was when it was obviously really affected him and that was one of the things that they told him to do for balance and focus and he kind of got into it and it really helped him and so At the time, I mean that was 20 some odd years ago so it wasn't quite as popular especially for an older man to be doing. But he would go to yoga class and stuff and then he would teach us things at home and it was really cool. So
SPEAKER_L: It is cool. He was staying with my grandma in the beginning of the year, helping her out. Like she's pretty old so she need help going to her appointments and stuff. But we dude she gone together in the morning which was really fun like she she taught me that because she would have like apparently she had gone in the past to these Chikane lessons or whatever, but it's basically like, you know like energy flow movements but we just do it in the morning together and that was like so fun and a great bonding experience. Like I never had, my mom was never really into exercise and things. So growing up we never had like, I don't know, we just never had that type of bonding or something, you know, like active during it. I don't I don't even know how to explain that. I'd really like when I do have a family, I wanted to be an active film because I just think, yeah, it's just like one of the best things you can do everything. I don't know what's going
SPEAKER_R: I agree
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: with you. How's my grandma now?
SPEAKER_L: She thought she went back to Arizona, your partner, her partner broke both her legs. They're
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: just going through hell down there I guess but are kind of isolated but she's taking care of her partner and I think they have like a housekeeper that helps take care of them too. There's a lot going going on in my family. But yeah, I was gonna actually video call here this week as a video call so many people this week, all my family. Um but I'm bad, I'm bad at video calls, I just feel like crixus on, I think now I think I'm just kind of awkward in general. So video calling. I feel like I don't, I just particularly, I don't know what to do with myself. This is fine because I know, I don't know, I don't know, I was like this is actually good for me because I think I'm like naturally more socially anxious. So this is good practice to like have completely random stranger interactions, which is good and this
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is the best ones I've had because I seriously, I had a dude from new york who was a trump supporter and we were very clashing over some things. It didn't get like aggressive or anything. It was just, it was right before the election to, so it's a little like intense, well it's,
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: it's like a
SPEAKER_R: calls for joe biden's campaign and that, that was awkward. Yeah, there's some people were yelling at me and stuff and of course you just say have a nice day, you know? But I was like, wow, this is a lot, it's a lot to take, take some time. I was glad I did it,
SPEAKER_L: You were calling people in Louisiana.
SPEAKER_R: you know? Um, well wherever like you would log in to the dim Diller's what they called it and then it was basically like robocalls, so we just dial numbers. So I did Georgia, I did florida And then one other 1 I think maybe Pennsylvania. It's just wherever they were calling at the time and there's a script, so you follow the script and 98% of it was just hang ups, people would just hang up. Yeah, or voicemail, you know? But then you would get some people and I had some great biden supporters and I had a few people who are undecided and like ask questions and we're cool
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: me. Yeah, it was awesome. And then I had a couple of people say I'm Republican and thank you anyways, and that was fine. And then I had a couple of people, you know, telling me not so nice things and by it was it was tough, but I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was glad I did it. I felt like I was helping him.
SPEAKER_L: that's what you did, like Georgia was so close, pennsylvania was so close, your political hero. Thank you. Thank you for doing that. Mm
SPEAKER_R: I highly recommend it. And my sister did it too. She did the texting because she said I didn't want to call people and I don't blame her. So I felt like we really made a difference. Probably
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I didn't
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: want to do like, I don't know why I didn't do that. I really need to do that every election, I want to be way more involved, even like locally, I just realized locally in local elections, I have no idea what's going on. I really
SPEAKER_R: those
SPEAKER_L: need to.
SPEAKER_R: are tough. A lot of people don't know, I mean, the big ones people get excited about, but local elections people are like, well, who you know? Yeah, whatever. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's your name? I just realized, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you know what? No one ever asked me and I never asked them because I thought we weren't supposed to, I don't know. My name is Julia.
SPEAKER_L: leah, my name's literacy only.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, lucy
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: nice to move through it. Did
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: ask anybody or did they ask you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I have asked a couple of people, I've actually exchanged information with a couple of people, we didn't really say such, but we exchanged information. Um there
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: was a girl,
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: my last person, no person before last, her name was Josie and she had two kids and she was from Ohio and I think you would have really liked, she was really cool to um maybe you'll run into her in the future. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's hilarious. My husband's interviewing for a job in Ohio
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It is,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: sweetie,
SPEAKER_R: want to go, but I'm like, well, I got a yankee land, that's what, it's not terrible. Neither one of us wants to go, but what are you
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: the job?
SPEAKER_R: He's a mechanical engineer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, I don't know all the details, but that sounds fancy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. He's a pretty, pretty smart guy, so,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: but things are not that great in Lafayette, just as far as the job market and most of its oil and gas, which is really suffering right now, and he's not interested in like, he's interested in space and like uh alternative energy, you know, he really doesn't want to contribute to big oil. So
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: he's looking for other things. But you have to go where the jobs are. Lafayette Louisiana is not like a great job market right now or really any time I think maybe yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: which is sad is a great place. I love it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what you always want to be like a Southern girl type of like you like the whether or the people or like you don't want to move
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: along?
SPEAKER_R: love the, I love the people. I mean we're both from texas, so and then I grew up riding rodeo, so I competed
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: writing
SPEAKER_L: that's it,
SPEAKER_R: professional rodeo and that was all I did in um as dumb as it is and like as advanced as I like to think I am sometimes when I've been up north, it's harder for me because the people aren't as warm and that's a broad generalization.
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: But then there's the whole thing about having kids and like I'm big on places with depth. I mean, Lafayette is it really interesting place and like all the places I've been in Houston, there's a lot of personality associated with it and Ohio to me just sounded kind of bland but what That is so silly. It's really silly and I know that maybe
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I just removed
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: happen.
SPEAKER_L: we operate on generalization and sometimes just like an intuition like I wouldn't like it there and you're probably right because yeah, I don't want to move to Ohio maybe. Um but uh I've never been like south anywhere, my boyfriend's from florida, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Well I recommend Louisiana if you ever want to travel. Not right now of course because the covid but just a lot of culture and history and interesting people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I love that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a fun place that's got a lot of personality and I like that. Yeah. Yeah. You know Mardi Gras in New Orleans and all that stuff. Yes, I mean not that I'm a party animal but just a lot of history. Yeah, it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Um this is so awkward but I really have to pee and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I think we
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: made our
SPEAKER_L: need
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, we did.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. It was good to talk to you and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I had so much fun. Good luck with thanksgiving. I hope you work
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: it out.
SPEAKER_L: luck with your kids and home schooling and everything, but you sound like you're doing great and yeah, you seem really cool,
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: you're really pretty, I love your hair to tell you and
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, that's so sweet. Thank you. That made my whole like, ever. Yeah, because I'm a boring old lady with kids, so that really made me happy. So right.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I'll see you start, I got
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: super
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: dark in here, I'm like the grim reaper or something like
SPEAKER_R: No, that's cool. By.