I literally just like I've been texting this massive text for the past 15 minutes because I get obsessive and I looked up at the clock and I was like oh my God is 3 59 and I almost completely forgot to sign off. So here I
I
I have. I think you're actually like the last one I'm allowed to do maybe because I've lost count. Yes. How about you?
Oh yeah, how's it going?
I have and I've had some called difficulties to like my last few, the call would just drop in the middle of it for some reason. So that's been strange. But I contact I contacted them and they wouldn't respond to me and I haven't had any other issues like video calling people, so I'm not sure. Have you had any technical issues with it?
Yeah, we'll see.
It's it's been a good mix of males and females. Yeah. All
right.
And
That's interesting though. I definitely have had a lot of guys. Mhm. Probably
more gullible.
I'm in colorado. Where are you? At
what? Up? I hear your accent, I like it.
More
yeah, basically I was raised here um Yeah, I was born in Washington state but I barely spent any time
there as a kid. Um
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Oh, I was just I don't know, are you doing
anything
for
thanksgiving?
Yes, I was like
things are like crazy here with Covid, I don't know how you feel about all that could be controversially. Um So my boyfriend's family wanted to see us but I was like writing a thing to them saying I didn't feel like completely safe seeing them because they've just been traveling a lot and stuff, but I think they think I feel a little defensive because I'm a little way more paranoid than them and they're more on the side of like to the point it's a conspiracy type of side opposite spectrum. So I was trying to like navigate the message but I didn't settle on anything so that was
that's
my
idea. Yeah. What?
Yes. It is like I don't I don't know how to do it but I don't know how do you feel about all of that?
Well
Like
for any P. S.
Who?
Yeah. Well he really agrees with me. I'm kind of like his family is it's so interesting because they're kind of hippie type of people. I think they're also very like anti government, anti Western medicine to the point that it goes into like oh it could be a conspiracy and that like it's really it's really bad. I've gotten into arguments with his sister before because she literally said to me a few months ago, we haven't talked a word about it since she said what if it's a hoax? She said that and I said,
I said 250,000 people have died. Like if you don't believe the evidence of that, then you're just going to say the Holocaust is a hoax, like where's the line? Where's the line? You know? Like I just got actually angry at it because I was just like you're invalidating so many people is like death and suffering. How can you do? Because she wouldn't wear a mask, I don't know. And she's 22, and her mom's like, her mom's older, you know, and they live together and I'm just like. they just went on like this multi cross country traveling thing.
I don't know. So
so
business.
No, that would be okay because we let my boyfriend and I lived together, so
just felt like, I mean it would be pointless for him to go and then probably give it to me if it were to spread like that. So I don't know. But his family, yeah, his mom is very big on, like, I think if it were up to his mom, we would see each other every single day. So are you like in the same house? She's very intense like that. But so
I'm
kind
of
Um we're about 45 minutes away right now.
What?
wait, um yeah, we can't get away with complaining about the travel times, unfortunately, correct?
Yeah, here's the more I think um I eventually persuaded him, uh but some like that believing that all source sources are equally untrue or true is a very dangerous thing and that evidence actually matters. You know what I mean? Because it actually electable. And so I got him more on the side of like science based thinking as opposed to anti science. I think there's a I think there is legitimate like, you know, concerns are even with the vaccine coming out. Like I understand people being nervous about it because it's like going through fast and like I can understand both sides. But when it gets to the extreme extreme where it's like you can't trust doctors at all and that you know what that it gets very, it's almost very cynical because it starts you start acting like every single doctors in it for the money or like every single journalist is somehow I just don't believe that I believe there are journalists with integrity. There are doctors with integrity that want to you know, take the Hippocratic or anything help you. But they're so far on the other side where it's like the automatic distress or suspicion of all authorities basically, you know? So it's like I don't know how to engage with that because it's almost because they'll just read an article online that has no evidence or sources at all like Breitbart or like alright type of things with and just crazy stuff, you know, like I don't know so and just believe that it's equally valid to like I don't know, I'm very passionate about this because I just think misinformation has really destroyed the country in my opinion. But yeah,
it is sad because they're very good compassionate people. I see
I'm on reddit a lot and people are very angry at people that are like anti-vaxxers and people like that and I'm like and most people like that and they're actually like you would like that. Like, you know, it's just like this weird, there's like a disconnect I wish also people could be less like less angry and mad and more trying to engage with people. But at the same time, I understand there's like, I don't know, I don't know how to I don't know now you were as you're turning ran about something in your past or.
What?
what?
There was my boyfriend's sister who was my friend for a period of time, but then we went through a rough patch. But she she
sent me a thing like many I think it was last year just about there's this massive conspiracy that Bill Gates is like has or even inventive coronavirus just so that they could develop a vaccine which would then have microchips that would be put and I'm like, what? I don't even know. Uh huh.
There's
yeah, we like cooking together so we actually haven't really like figured it out because I guess like we've been kind of ignoring the situation and this came on very so we don't have plans yet, but we should do something like, but I don't that's another thing. I'm like, should I not be going to the store as much even to like get food for things going? You know what? I'm getting that level of paranoid where I'm like, should we just work on whatever happens in the house or work with whatever is in the house. And I don't, I don't know if that's the next level of crazy where I like stop going to the star. I
don't know can
because you
have kids, you have kids to feed and, and yeah, but I felt like if I was super rich and had like my own like bunker full of food, I would not be leaving that. No. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I should just do an online pickup, that's what I should do. You did.
my boyfriend's like that two way more chill with everything like ranting about politics. He's like, no, we don't need to hyper fixated on all that stuff all the time. Um How old are your kids?
Oh wow. So yeah. Yeah.
Are
they girls boys? Yeah.
What? Mhm.
ultimately.
Mhm. It sounds like
I'm like appreciate um
in
I
was just
in um yeah, a threat of people talking about losing their taste and sense of smell and basically having a minor case of it, but still like months later not being able to smell and taste and just how much that affects them. And I'm just like, like even a minor case can you send, you know, side effects that are pretty, I don't know. I just, I really don't want, I told my boyfriend that um yeah, my goal is to get to the vaccine without getting covid, it's like, I really feel like unless there's some huge thing that comes out about it, I'm going to be first in line for the vaccine, but wow.
I mean,
What
cute Like in the shape of the turkey? Except
From
Um
it's been, yeah, really nice. Um It was, I didn't expect it to be so nice because I've been on some other service sites that are so terrible and barely paying you anything. So yeah. How long have you been on it?
tv.
I feel
like
I did
it
like one day my boyfriend did it for longer and I just, yeah, I was not motivated because it was so, you know, the payouts are just terrible and I've had a lot of interesting surveys on this that I actually feel like I'm also contributing things to researchers that I don't know, but I don't I don't know. I'm sure because I was barely on.
no.
I am looking for like some type of remote work, but I have like, and I was a pretty bad and I was going to see a doctor. That's another thing is I was going to go see a doctor and get tested in person, but I've had really severe chronic fatigue and insomnia and like just a lot of issues recently that made it really hard to work thankfully like my boyfriend's a graphic designer and he's working, but I feel like I want to contribute and stuff, but I feel like I really need like a super flexible job, which is really, I don't even know what to look for. Exactly. But yeah, I've been trying to find something remote and something flexible, but um I've just been having a lot of health issues. So it's been like some days are like a complete struggle to even function. What? So there's
that.
okay. It's been um yeah, I don't know that there's a long story with that, but um I just want I have been working on like becoming like getting my yoga teacher certification online because I have to, yeah, after Covid is over. I really want to be like, there's even things like yoga therapist and stuff, which I didn't even know about, but I love to do things like that. Um but that also like my plans that we kind of got dampen because of Covid too. Because I'm like, actually start doing it. But um yeah, that's my life.
It helps me a lot. That's why I got really into it because it helps me. Yeah. I cope with like a lot of my physical and mental health symptoms. Like I feel like it's like the number one thing that has kept me saying especially
threatens.
Thank you.
Nurse
Yeah, I completely agree. And in a weird way I like counter intuitive, we had to stop listening to my fatigue and my body saying like, you can't actually don't feel good enough to do this when really it's like, I just literally have to force myself even to start moving for five minutes and I will feel so much better and I just have to get there is like when you get into that slump of like yeah fatigue or sickness or anything that just tells you you can't move and it's just like becomes a self perpetuating awful slug cycle and I've definitely been yeah but
I got addicted to yeah to movements because like it is very healing. Yeah.
It is cool. He was staying with my grandma in the beginning of the year, helping her out. Like she's pretty old so she need help going to her appointments and stuff. But we dude she gone together in the morning which was really fun like she she taught me that because she would have like apparently she had gone in the past to these Chikane lessons or whatever, but it's basically like, you know like energy flow movements but we just do it in the morning together and that was like so fun and a great bonding experience. Like I never had, my mom was never really into exercise and things. So growing up we never had like, I don't know, we just never had that type of bonding or something, you know, like active during it. I don't I don't even know how to explain that. I'd really like when I do have a family, I wanted to be an active film because I just think, yeah, it's just like one of the best things you can do everything. I don't know what's going
on.
She thought she went back to Arizona, your partner, her partner broke both her legs. They're
just going through hell down there I guess but are kind of isolated but she's taking care of her partner and I think they have like a housekeeper that helps take care of them too. There's a lot going going on in my family. But yeah, I was gonna actually video call here this week as a video call so many people this week, all my family. Um but I'm bad, I'm bad at video calls, I just feel like crixus on, I think now I think I'm just kind of awkward in general. So video calling. I feel like I don't, I just particularly, I don't know what to do with myself. This is fine because I know, I don't know, I don't know, I was like this is actually good for me because I think I'm like naturally more socially anxious. So this is good practice to like have completely random stranger interactions, which is good and this
is the best ones I've had because I seriously, I had a dude from new york who was a trump supporter and we were very clashing over some things. It didn't get like aggressive or anything. It was just, it was right before the election to, so it's a little like intense, well it's,
it's like a
You were calling people in Louisiana.
that's
great.
What?
that's what you did, like Georgia was so close, pennsylvania was so close, your political hero. Thank you. Thank you for doing that. Mm
yeah, I didn't
want to do like, I don't know why I didn't do that. I really need to do that every election, I want to be way more involved, even like locally, I just realized locally in local elections, I have no idea what's going on. I really
need to.
Yeah. What's your name? I just realized, I don't know.
leah, my name's literacy only.
I
think
we're
Um I have asked a couple of people, I've actually exchanged information with a couple of people, we didn't really say such, but we exchanged information. Um there
was a girl,
my last person, no person before last, her name was Josie and she had two kids and she was from Ohio and I think you would have really liked, she was really cool to um maybe you'll run into her in the future. Um
Oh, that's interesting.
It is,
sweetie,
what
is
the job?
Oh wow, I don't know all the details, but that sounds fancy. Yeah.
That's
that's
Yeah.
Yeah. So what you always want to be like a Southern girl type of like you like the whether or the people or like you don't want to move
along?
well
that's it,
you know?
No,
I mean
we operate on generalization and sometimes just like an intuition like I wouldn't like it there and you're probably right because yeah, I don't want to move to Ohio maybe. Um but uh I've never been like south anywhere, my boyfriend's from florida, so yeah.
Uh
I love that. Yeah.
Um this is so awkward but I really have to pee and yeah,
we
need
it.
Okay, cool. It was good to talk to you and
good
luck with your kids and home schooling and everything, but you sound like you're doing great and yeah, you seem really cool,
you're really pretty, I love your hair to tell you and
okay, I'll see you start, I got
super
dark in here, I'm like the grim reaper or something like