Hi. Yeah.
and
cool. Well, I'm glad you did. Have you done one of these before?
yeah, I've done I think this is my fourth.
it's gone okay. Have you had a lot of no shows?
just the last one. Um It was pretty bad, so lots of drops and we had to keep logging back in, but then it smoothed out. So so far everything else has been fine. We'll see what we get today.
Yeah. Have you gotten all is it all females or any males?
Okay.
I've gotten all girls and so I was
wondering if they did that, you know for security reasons or safety reasons or you know what I mean?
Crazy.
Uh huh. Okay. So you said four o'clock, so you're not in the central time zone? Where are you?
I'm in Louisiana.
hilarious. Well from texas. So uh
yeah, I've been here uh maybe eight years or so. So are you from colorado,
But
so you're basically a colorado girl? Nice.
So do you plan out what you're gonna say? You said you get obsessive? So
I
think I
think
thanksgiving. No,
I.
Was that
the
taxi,
was that the text you were working on? Oh God, that's tough. How awkward.
Oh, I'm super paranoid, I'm very liberal in a very Republican area, so it's difficult. Um My family is still in texas, my mom's a little loosey goosey with it, but the rest of my family is doing what I'm doing. I mean my I didn't put my kids in school this year, so that should give you some idea of how I feel about it. I think if we were all doing better than it would be a lot better right now and it's just crazy. It's gotten to the point where I go to the store and like I see people without masks and I feel angry. I'm like, just, I mean, can you, science
has told us for many, many years to cough in your elbow. I mean, so you can't wear that mask for me
for all of us.
You can't be that hard. I don't know, Carl. I don't envy your position. What
does your boyfriend say?
it
no,
no, wow.
That's well, I'm glad you're not going. I know
it's gonna be hard, but you'll just have to, I don't know what you're gonna say. Just be short and to the point I'm uncomfortable going, I'm not going or is your boyfriend going
I don't. Okay.
Are
they
close
to you? Like location wise?
That's too bad that you're not further apart. You
can't say we just can't make the drive.
I was trying to work that angle for you, but I guess not your boyfriend is used to. I mean, he obviously like supports you and thinks the way you do.
I I agree with you. That's crazy to me. It makes me sad. Really?
All
Oh God. This is like the topic de jour, right? It's on everybody's mind. So it's big for me to
the other day. I took my kids to the pediatrician for their well visits that we do every year. And I was like, and we've been close, we're close to the pediatrician. Like he plays in a band and we go and see him play and stuff. So I was like totally turning out and I'm like, I can't wait to ask him about the vaccine. But then I didn't want to because I figured everybody was. And so I finally said something totally damn. Like I was like, so I guess everybody was asking you about the vaccine, Huh? And he was like, went vaccine. And I was like,
the Covid. And he's like, no. Most of my people are like, we don't want the flu shot because it's got Covid in it. And I was like, oh, that's so sad. He was like, yeah, let's dirt out. So he was telling me how he felt about the vaccine and you know, all the good points about it from his medical opinion. So that was really cool. But it made me sad that other he's like, you wouldn't believe people question me and they're like, well, I read on facebook and then they'll argue with me that this vaccine that the flu vaccine has Covid in it. And he's like, I don't know what people like that. There's no winning. Yeah. That kind of made me sad. But
guess.
It's crazy out there. It's really out there. It's a lot. It's a lot sometimes. Yeah. I had a friend that I was sort of I mean kind of friendly with, we weren't really tight. But anyways I asked him like how are you going to get the vaccine? And she was like, I don't want to be microchips. And I thought she was kidding. This was my introduction to the whole thing. And so I like laughter and I was like, no, seriously. You know, isn't it exciting? And then she went off on the whole conspiracy think so now she called me the other day and I was like I can't I just can't you can. It's hard to her right now. So I don't know guys crazy. So
what we'll do for thanksgiving like you and your boyfriend do you cook or?
I
don't
know
I do a lot of the pickets. I mean I go in the store but I try to make quicker and so like for weekly groceries I do the online pickup.
I love it. I mean I felt throughout for the employees but I also think you know it keeps more people out of the stores and I try to tip them a couple of bucks just to be like thanks man, you know? But if we need something during the week I run in try not to bring the kids, you know that kind of stuff. So I tried to temper the crazy. So my husband he's definitely you know on the science that he's a very sci fi type of guy but he's a lot less um he's a little more till you know, I'm like, oh my God, you know, so he kind of tempers me a little bit, but
Uh, there are six and 9.
they're super cute.
This
two boys,
which is awesome. So pretty close. So I was really worried about keeping them at home. And of course there's a whole social thing. I mean, I'm not like a home schooler, like I don't think everybody should be home schooled. I anyways, it's, it's been challenging, but their play really well together and I do everything I can outside. So like we will do Playdates with friends outside and my kids wear their masks. So even though like I, I don't have to, I can social distance from the mom at the park, but I just wear my mask to support my kids, so they feel more comfortable and most of my friends are kind of like minded. So they wear their mask too. And we just, I just tell my kids, hey, you know, it's tough to do the right thing sometimes. But this is what we're, this is our family is doing. Yeah.
So they're doing all right.
they're here.
So I appreciate you too. I love talking to other people who are cautious and Mhm.
Yeah. Trying to help everybody out and myself. I mean, I don't want to get it right
for
them.
That's awesome. Well, I hope you make your goal. There's a lot of good news about the vaccine. So I'm excited about that. I'll
definitely sign up. I mean, I guess healthcare workers are going to get first as they should and then maybe teachers and the elderly or I don't know who. I'll wait my turn patiently. But I will, I will get it. Yeah. And I figure everyone who's getting it's helping it, everyone who's getting it helping. So I'll try not to freak out. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy times. It's crazy time. So I don't know what we'll do for thanksgiving will be kind of boring, but
well I don't know what we'll do. Make a cake or something with the kids maybe
some feathers and like sticking it to escape. So where do you get to a prolific? How did you get read it? That's how I found
it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Like three or 4 weeks. Not a super long time, but I really like it. It's interesting and I had done mturk but this sounds really bad during the day I'm teaching the kids and then at night I'm trying to do a little lesson plans or whatever so I didn't have the time to invest into mturk to really understand it well and I just found that it wasn't very rewarding, like financially and mentally just
I don't know
did
you
find
him?
Yeah. Apparently I was reading on Reddit about it, you have to kind of research and figure it out a little bit, so maybe in the future, but right now it's just not a good time for me to do it. So are you working or working from
home?
That's
awful, I'm sorry to hear that.
Are you hearing video right now? Like I mean not right at this second, but in general as you find it helps you,
that's
fantastic. Good for you,
I love you that I like uh since the pandemic up and trying to meditate again and stuff but I'm not really sticking to it but I do find a huge difference, Like I'm really big into exercise, whatever you want to do, it's great, but I think people need to move their bodies, you know, if you just go walk uh like my sister is really out of shape and a lot of times she doesn't feel well or um I hate to say it, but she's obese, you know, and I'm totally the opposite of that and I'm like I just want her to go and just start walking, you know, get up off the couch and like I think it's just so good for your brain, and yoga is kind of the same to me, it's a totally different type of exercise, but it is really good for strengthening muscles and stretching and I think it just gets your brain in a different space,
so I think that's awesome that you do that for yourself.
At the
it is, I agree. I first started doing yoga like my whole family kind of did a long time ago my dad had brain cancer for years and years and that was when it was obviously really affected him and that was one of the things that they told him to do for balance and focus and he kind of got into it and it really helped him and so At the time, I mean that was 20 some odd years ago so it wasn't quite as popular especially for an older man to be doing. But he would go to yoga class and stuff and then he would teach us things at home and it was really cool. So
I agree
with you. How's my grandma now?
my gosh.
that's
I did
calls for joe biden's campaign and that, that was awkward. Yeah, there's some people were yelling at me and stuff and of course you just say have a nice day, you know? But I was like, wow, this is a lot, it's a lot to take, take some time. I was glad I did it,
you know? Um, well wherever like you would log in to the dim Diller's what they called it and then it was basically like robocalls, so we just dial numbers. So I did Georgia, I did florida And then one other 1 I think maybe Pennsylvania. It's just wherever they were calling at the time and there's a script, so you follow the script and 98% of it was just hang ups, people would just hang up. Yeah, or voicemail, you know? But then you would get some people and I had some great biden supporters and I had a few people who are undecided and like ask questions and we're cool
with
me. Yeah, it was awesome. And then I had a couple of people say I'm Republican and thank you anyways, and that was fine. And then I had a couple of people, you know, telling me not so nice things and by it was it was tough, but I
was glad I did it. I felt like I was helping him.
I highly recommend it. And my sister did it too. She did the texting because she said I didn't want to call people and I don't blame her. So I felt like we really made a difference. Probably
didn't
those
are tough. A lot of people don't know, I mean, the big ones people get excited about, but local elections people are like, well, who you know? Yeah, whatever. Uh
Oh, you know what? No one ever asked me and I never asked them because I thought we weren't supposed to, I don't know. My name is Julia.
Hey, lucy
nice to move through it. Did
you
ask anybody or did they ask you?
That's
all
That's hilarious. My husband's interviewing for a job in Ohio
I
don't
want to go, but I'm like, well, I got a yankee land, that's what, it's not terrible. Neither one of us wants to go, but what are you
gonna
do?
He's a mechanical engineer.
Mhm. He's a pretty, pretty smart guy, so,
but things are not that great in Lafayette, just as far as the job market and most of its oil and gas, which is really suffering right now, and he's not interested in like, he's interested in space and like uh alternative energy, you know, he really doesn't want to contribute to big oil. So
he's looking for other things. But you have to go where the jobs are. Lafayette Louisiana is not like a great job market right now or really any time I think maybe yeah. Yes,
which is sad is a great place. I love it,
I
love the, I love the people. I mean we're both from texas, so and then I grew up riding rodeo, so I competed
writing
professional rodeo and that was all I did in um as dumb as it is and like as advanced as I like to think I am sometimes when I've been up north, it's harder for me because the people aren't as warm and that's a broad generalization.
But then there's the whole thing about having kids and like I'm big on places with depth. I mean, Lafayette is it really interesting place and like all the places I've been in Houston, there's a lot of personality associated with it and Ohio to me just sounded kind of bland but what That is so silly. It's really silly and I know that maybe
I just removed
happen.
Yeah.
Well I recommend Louisiana if you ever want to travel. Not right now of course because the covid but just a lot of culture and history and interesting people. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a fun place that's got a lot of personality and I like that. Yeah. Yeah. You know Mardi Gras in New Orleans and all that stuff. Yes, I mean not that I'm a party animal but just a lot of history. Yeah, it's cool.
I think we
made our
time
and yeah, we did.
Yeah, I had so much fun. Good luck with thanksgiving. I hope you work
it out.
I am.
Oh my God, that's so sweet. Thank you. That made my whole like, ever. Yeah, because I'm a boring old lady with kids, so that really made me happy. So right.
I
don't know.
No, that's cool. By.