Hello there.
We can see in here. Right, perfect. Good. Am I bright enough for you? Okay?
Good. I tried to work at that. It was a little tough. So nice to see you.
This is very, very nice. I was looking forward to doing this all day. So it's cool.
Well, it'll be nice to get to know more about you.
Good. I haven't I've never done a video chat before like this. This is my first Yeah.
I've never done one. I thought I'd share I thought I'd share that with you. And so you could give me a little bit of forgiveness and made you some pointers.
Yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad. Well, I I've done it with my family if that counts. Yeah.
Your account that good. My voice is going crazy. I don't know why anyway, so
I just took some. Yeah, Thank you. I I don't know why I just decided to cut out. Um But anyway, what is uh what is new with you? Of course. One of the first questions I have is are you managing you know are you are you bored you starting new hobbies? You know you know what's going on in the world? I just wondered what another person would be doing with themselves if that's not too too much
but
it's
fun.
hmm.
Well that's very fortunate, isn't it? Yeah.
Mhm. You too?
Yeah I'm on my computer more to just playing with weird at whatever. I got a new tablet Like I'm so far behind on technology, I love it. Why I didn't buy one sooner. I will never know. It is a wealth of fun and uh I always rely on my 30 year old nephew to kind of guide me through on these purchases. It doesn't
uh I thought the this Apple four a couple
older I found out but it's it's great, it's the bigger one. And he turned he turned me onto that site called is it gazelle for the resold Because there are maybe.
Well
you
discount. Yeah that's I think it's gazelle and he said that I bought all of mine for the kids and everything there Sure enough. I waited about a month you put your name on a list and said I want this one this one this one and you see the price and what's cool about it is the they grade them and it might be there and it comes in an excellent
that you've paid. Fair. Yeah that's a good deal. But what I like about the tabloid is I mean when I was going to go back to something you said I had, excuse me I have a ton of acquaintances and family out in southern California. So we stayed in touch with them through all these ordeals. And my heart goes out to those people and yourself because of what you've been going through um with California as a whole being. So I guess devastated would be the word with the tensions and so forth that you're going through. So um I think of them and I've gone out to southern California. I can't tell you how many times,
I don't know if you live in southern, but I go to southern year after year after year. Um La Hoya and san Diego.
Okay you're talking about somewhere else. I thought you said $100 for now.
Right. Well I don't think of it that way. I have been there. I have been there. But no we hang out at that southern part and you know I always wanted to go to Los Angeles to tour um that famous museum.
The one reason I wanted to make a trip to uh Las Vegas. I mean Las Vegas
like Los Angeles.
Yeah. Isn't it the one up on the mountain that looks really funky.
We should.
Yeah. Uh That one I like to you know I will or I've always wanted to go to um Los Angeles, the foods, you know?
Yeah. Well speaking of Las Vegas I accidentally said that, have you ever went over last night in las Vegas? Because it's so close.
we like it. Right. Well what where else have your travels looked? You you sound like maybe you're getting around a little bit. Have you lived your whole places? Well
right. I don't know. I guess it's whatever you consider coal. But I don't know. You look like in younger persons that maybe you haven't, you know, travel the world yet. But you know, maybe it's on your bucket list. So
in
their nests.
Yes. Very much so. Very nice place. And I've done the little East Coast loop up there in New England and
done that many road trips in my life. I'm like I said I can tell a good bit older than you and you know, I've done the holy land in the europe and the Italy and
the
pick
and
not
Italy hands down. People have asked me through the years if you could go back to one place, where would it be? Italy of course. Now with the devastation, I don't know, I don't know how I feel about it and I'm getting you know, it's getting harder for me to get traveling. But anyway um Do you have I know there's so many good sports in California. Are you a sport scout? You root for any of the teams out there?
Not a sports cower.
I'm No, no when I lived in Chicago I used to root for him, but I moved to the south and now I don't no,
I'm working in the south. I mean I'm living in the south. Yes, momentum in the north to the south. Yeah. So became a southern girl. I might not sound like it, but.
My mom remarried so the whole family packed up, came down south, went to school down south and this is my home. So. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. And um I'm just looking, I had a couple of things I wanted to make sure I asked you um Yeah, since since the virus came around, I've got to to new hobbies okay, one of them is mindfulness
My eye person, you know, said you need to get going on mindfulness, you know and have the music and have those Sainz and I just start I don't know how it's going to go. And then my other this is uh is what the kids do like with my tablet now that I got it. It's paint by numbers on my tablet.
they're very relaxed now. Wait a minute. They're not like kids these are the little itty bitty little tiny hard ones you know they are and they give you like lots of pages and like well they even put Amendola's in there you know how hard those are. Have you seen those intricate
you know and I'm out there is like whatever I don't know where they're from but there
I think there are I think they're men I think they uh they look like intricate geometric things. You can do those. Um But I like the jungle ones and the plant ones. But anyway I just thought I would share with you what a person my age is doing for a new hobby since I've been stuck in the house.
the the mandalas and stuff or the
covering.
I'm going yeah there are like hundreds of pages and they're good. And the the one that I saw was on Pinterest pin mistress pen interest was called. I don't remember I knew I can't remember I won't take the time to look but trust me there's way way.
So anyway that's that's what I'm doing. I don't know you don't have probably time with you can see I talk with my hands. Um You're you're like this you're so yeah I'm flying around all over the place. That's funny.
I
I I guess my ethnic background to um Anyway we were talking about the hobbies. Yeah. Oh so you work and then you you probably work long hours did you say you worked out of your home though? Okay. But it's still long hours and you've got to be you know legit about working out of your home and then you know you can't boss but I'm just teasing you but it's tiring and stressful I'm sure. So you probably can't go paint by numbers when you're done with your day. So that's tough. You have a little pit to live on. Yeah
pet to love on a little.
We get spinning because I was just gonna say back to you. Don't think that counts.
No but when you said it to you made me laugh. I have a niece who is obsessed with cats and has had like three and four at a time and your every funny one I can find and she responds all the time to me like oh that was cute. Oh I like that. Oh so she loves her cats. Um But no I I don't think I could handle it you know I just don't think I could. Um Sorry I've got problems here with my allergies. Um I
don't
think.
would thank you. I would have thought of it beforehand. Uh You were upset. What? Both my
that's very generous of you. Thank you so much.
Yeah. I've even been taking the usual you know legros and all that stuff and you can tell it's not working. Okay.
I'm sorry
I'm taking a combined with musa necks so I'm supposed to check it for eight weeks that way. And it's like uh
all
where I live. It's um it's called like the allergy capital of the country letter.
Yeah. Oh yeah we're in the green zone. Oh yeah Colin And there are so many doctors that are here for people suffering from allergies.
There's more industry of people that serve that. Yeah. Anyway, so we were doing my dogs and cats um uh Let me just jump in here. You can tell I'm aggressive with the conversation. Um Oh yeah I said I couldn't handle like a dog or a cat but I like one, you know, just for companionship and my sister got one about a year ago
dog mm sweetest thing. If I could have that dog I would covet it and have it for myself.
Well that's the thing. It's never met a friend. It didn't like it can't be a protector dog because it likes everybody happy go lucky. I'm shaking my table and long story short. Mhm. Everybody thought she was buying a labradoodle and you know how popular those are, took it to that and the curly hair didn't come in and we said where does this job turns out she's a labrador but a miniature labrador,
that's
the word that never heard of a miniature labrador. And then you get to looking at and you go, I guess so, so we love love, love, love, love her. And my five year old niece named her vanilla. Now how
did or how did a four year old come up with a name for a dog named vanilla?
Oh she's an ice cream freak. But now the dog has 20 names. We call her vanilla bean vanilla
walker. Benoit Arts morning.
So I'm just telling you this far dog, I'll answer to anything if you get vanilla out of your mouth, she runs at you. So she's sweet, we love her, love her, love her love her. And
uh he grabbed a hold of a snake encounter last week
she she barked to read off till my brother in law ran out and grabbed this. Hit the snake to death. And God
an
act credit. Okay I got plenty of support and Nila, another name for Mila was a bad girl, bad girl Mila
last
week she got at the snake then she brought back back back back back back big ass turtle in the backyard then escaped out the gate for the first time. So she was a bad bad girl.
no the neighbor color and then my nephew grab and then that was that that fence got fixed real quick. I'm just sharing but she's a she's a riot. This dog telling you this dog this dog is a riot.
Well
yeah No they paid $600 for from some people that turned out to be something else. They got scammed in a way.
My half sister has a real one out
of 10.
Oh my God, it's named rusty. Stupid name. And
it's rough. I mean you're like, you know what I'm saying? It's it's a, it's a real fancy dog because the fortune and it's rusty. Well that one is coming. I've seen it online. A ton tight curls, shave just right, perfect. But little little noah bean. I don't know what happened to her, but supposedly her mom was a poodle and they did, you did see her but whatever happened in the mix. Uh
but
we
looked, we
love
him.
Yeah, they saw her mom and
then
like the dad, it must have been then at poodle and a labrador, but somehow she groaned out. I didn't even know the breed existed as a miniature
look
at. Her legs are short. Her tail is definitely a plume like a lab. She's got that snout that sort of, you know elongated. She's got the hair coming off of her legs. So she she's never been a lab, her color and stuff anyway. But that's been the addition to the family this year. We talk constantly about that dog. So I thought I should. I thought I was here. There's with you.
No, we didn't either. I've never looked it up. I just know they paid $600 for earth and confusing to wind up being a true labradoodle and she wasn't, We don't
care. I don't care one bit. She's loved Uh huh, pardon the Kleenex? Excuse me.
So anyway, no pets for you yet. If you work at home now and stuff. But it might make sense to have a little kitty cat around. You know
what?
Well
I had a feeling you were gonna say that
are you ready to that allergy thing? Huh? Mhm. Sorry, yikes.
There's a turtle or something, Right.
Yeah. Source snakes. Mhm. We grew up with my brother, he used to love all the reptiles. I used to go and he's older than me, I used to go on his base and used to scare the crap out of me. I never wanted to go down to his house.
Oh yeah his house was full of them down there. It was like a house of horrors, you know Uh
he was like 16 years older than me or something, you know used to keep all that crap in the basement of the house. Silence of the lambs or smoke guns instead that it was with the black tiles. Yeah.
Good.
that's Brendan. Well
I want
you
go
ahead. No go ahead.
I
don't
know.
let's see. Um Well
room I
didn't I didn't get to go home and you play other places but you know you've got the policy um you've got you know the stat
Williams
and there's one thing though that people don't know about their the catacombs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
I want to say I might be wrong. One of the few places have them. Yeah the scariest thing I ever did in my life took a group trip through there and I lost my group and
look in
my
whole
woman I don't know but
I started cracking my way backwards I thought I'd never get out of there And that
I had well on the way back now they have little entrance and stuff to follow and and there's like bones all the way down like on the inside. I mean that's what people worry like. Thousands of them twitter remember as being the worst moment of either Rome or paris don't wear on the, which uh I still like run better and then you have the love of course and piers, it's the toughest toss up to task.
They're both are good for walking, you know, they're just beautiful. Mm I've been to Switzerland to though that would be a close runner up.
It's pristine nature, clean,
people sort of
food won
well they got more of an attitude, remember their of german descent so they
and remember the french about me that way too and see, I think that Italians are more open. Yeah, just my opinion and you know there's other places I've wanted to go but those are the ones I've been lucky and um the most fascinating place though actually was probably going to the Holy Land with my church group. You know what?
No, it's in Jerusalem and many,
many others are there and I've told many a person if you care or even wonder about the bible coming into life. Yeah.
And I I see myself and I don't understand that either.
Look we're about five minutes off, aren't we? Ah No I okay. You've
been delightful and I've told ev'ry travel story. I know.
You've been delightful and thank you for letting me and monopolize the conversation
but
soon.
But it's it's archiving on yes ma'am. And I don't know what we do next. Something. Find some survey somewhere,
we'll figure it out. Okay.