SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: do you Hey? Hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me? Oh, I can hear you.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I can hear you too.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect
SPEAKER_L: Have you? This is the second time I've done one of these is kind of trippy.
SPEAKER_R: seem. Yeah, I did one well whenever it was a month ago or something,
SPEAKER_L: Let me start our stopwatch because I lost track of time last time and it was like 30 minutes. Okay. There we go.
SPEAKER_R: what time zone are you in?
SPEAKER_L: central.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Me
SPEAKER_L: Where,
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: where last time I got somebody from texas. I'm from texas, but I live in Missouri right now. So
SPEAKER_R: That's great. Yeah, I'm in Minneapolis.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh Minneapolis. What's going on there? Huh? From
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know there's a lot
SPEAKER_L: what I've
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: heard?
SPEAKER_R: on here. For sure,
SPEAKER_L: Twin cities home of Prince and bob Dylan.
SPEAKER_R: correct. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: from what
SPEAKER_R: Prince
SPEAKER_L: I hear.
SPEAKER_R: people have been, it was just Prince's birthday not too long ago. Some people were we heard about about that too. That
SPEAKER_L: Does
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: this bother you if I take a sip of water or you know
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: that I'll be quiet
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: about it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: I have a weird sound sensitivity and like the sound of people eating or anything like that drives me nuts.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a couple of friends who are like that as well, but I'm not like that. So
SPEAKER_L: Are you familiar with the disorder called Miss a Phone? Yah, that's what it is. That's great to hear actually. That's a great way to start out. I've had it since the early 80s and that's probably one of the weirdest things about me. Um, but I have a nonprofit that is to try to spread awareness about it because it's really, I can't go out to eat or anything like that, so I stay home a lot because of it.
SPEAKER_R: wow. No way. Like you have, wow. Yeah, that's great. That's wow, that's really interesting. I like, yeah, I have a couple of friends. I like this was something that I read about in high school, like on the internet, I was just like, oh that's interesting. And then I and then later met people. Yeah, I probably know like four people um
SPEAKER_L: it's good that awareness is spreading. It's, it's a hard thing to wrap your mind around. Like it's
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: just like a weird sound activity and
SPEAKER_R: Is it like, like are you looking are you trying to figure out ways to make it better or like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm participating in some research, um, to try to understand it better. And it's kind of while because like I said, I'm old, I'm 45, I started experiencing it in about fourth grade, is I don't remember. but it didn't have a name until about 2000 and one and I just thought I was like this weird freaky guy who, who couldn't, you know, concentrate when somebody was like eating in the room with me and um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and you can have like an emotional response to I know it
SPEAKER_L: just very yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can be different, it's different for different people but a lot of people get just really mad and if you get mad it's hard
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: is and I'm not I'm a pretty low key chill guy most of the time. And it's weird because it's totally normal sounds that aren't loud, like pen clicking or you can ask my wife, she's got a whole list of them uh and uh and it's this panic and anger feeling that comes up from a completely innocuous sound. It's not dangerous and it's really hard to okay understand if you have it and even hard to understand if you don't so that's great that you know about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well I spent a lot of time on Reddit in high
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: school
SPEAKER_L: sorry to hear
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so I yeah it was well it was I would say in some ways it was kind of a different Not it was a different time. I'm 25 so I was in high
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: school not that long ago
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: it's changed a lot. I was on 2007 or 2000 and I had to account for a long time and back in the old days it was very it was a lot different, there's a lot of difference.
SPEAKER_R: and it's and I think there you know that it's a so much of the internet I was actually just I was just talking to my friend you haven't watched the show Survivor have you?
SPEAKER_L: I remember it. I didn't really watch it now.
SPEAKER_R: It's it's a really interesting show. I don't really watch a lot of tv like that. Um
SPEAKER_L: not any either.
SPEAKER_R: But um but I've been talking about it with a friend, my sister is really into it and a lot of people have gotten into it sort of over the past few months they had a major season is their 40th season. They do two seasons a year. So it's been on for 20 years. And
SPEAKER_L: I remember the old one, yeah, back when it first started, it was like a reality tv pioneering kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it was well it was major, yeah and and and it's and we were yeah, we were talking about how the show has kind of changed and I think uh well we hypothesized that a big reason that the show has changed or a big way that it has changed is um that the players are aware more aware of what reality television is and
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: kind of what they're signing up for and also, you know. Well, yeah, just the way it just the way a game like that operates in the first season of Survivor, nobody knew what was going on. And now, even if people come in not having studied the game, they still go in knowing more
SPEAKER_L: what it's
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: all about,
SPEAKER_R: what a reality competition like this might be
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And I wonder if that taints the, the experience of the product because my background is in theater and we always talk about how the observed act is impure. So if you do something like if I'm just sitting around, you know, doing whatever, petting the cat or whatever, it's I do it one way, but if I know somebody's watching me that I'm going to behave differently, you know, So
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure that affects it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's the, there's the um over, I don't know, and really anything to say to say about this other than the idea, but there's the quantum like wave wave particle effect. Like, and, and like, I don't like this. My brother is a a physics student, so, and he's done a lot of um, I mean, he's he's, yeah, he's he's um, he's going to be a junior next year, so he's not in college,
SPEAKER_L: that's very
SPEAKER_R: so he's not like
SPEAKER_L: There's actually a career path for physics, not theater, so I commend him for that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I make good music.
SPEAKER_L: you know how, you know how it is, there's more of a career path for music than there is for performing arts, but what instruments do you play your singing or?
SPEAKER_R: I am. Uh, I know the answer, I don't know why it took me a moment,
SPEAKER_L: We got nothing but time.
SPEAKER_R: right? Yeah, I so my primary instrument was jazz slash contemporary piano, like, so um but but I wasn't, you know, I went to a liberal arts college and it wasn't like, it wasn't an audition, it wasn't a conservatory, it wasn't an audition based thing, it was like, you can major in it and but everybody has a performance. Um like
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: it's a it's a relatively performance based major, and so everybody has an instrument that they work on and stuff, but um that wasn't necessarily like my major, like, Mhm. That was something that I did and that I benefit from the the skill of and stuff, but I was more interested in like conducting and composition. I actually use a theater. I uh I'm I'm a little um not sure of what my life looks like right now, but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: we'll,
SPEAKER_L: never will, I don't, I've been around for decades, it doesn't get any different, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: but I am uh I'm trying to figure out ways to get into music direction for musical theater. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My mom was was, well, she was really into musical theater and she also taught um voice to musical theater students, um uh
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: like college students. Uh and and so uh yeah, also, I mean I also had a lot of friends in the theater major and they uh in college and um Mcallister went to Mcallister College. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of crossover,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you get a lot of musicians who do you know the performance, whether
SPEAKER_R: totally,
SPEAKER_L: it's acting in a play or performing in a band or whatever, it's
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: all performing arts.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, especially people who are attracted to a liberal arts school tend to, they attended. I want to do all kinds of different things. And Mcallister's theater department is very sort of, well, it's kind of, it's gone through a number of identity crises in the past few decades
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: think a lot of
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: higher education places are, it's lots changing, you know when I was in college it was a there was a different approach and I'm not even so sure, especially for liberal arts, everything if colleges even really necessary, especially graduate school. This is just my opinion. I'm a little cranky about it, but I don't think I have an M. F. A. In directing and I don't really think it was necessary for anything unless I was going into teaching. But then you're teaching teachers to teach future teachers to teach. And you know, it's just a self serving cycle. And so I would discourage anybody who's really serious about performing arts and music from even going to grad school or college, just get out there and do it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think there's definitely like i there's definitely a lot that you can gain from the type of things that you learn in college, but it's definitely not the only way. And if you look at the people who have been successful, like you mean, you can look at movie stars and whatever, but you can also look at just people who are working right now, a lot
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: of them went to college and grad school and a lot of them didn't. So
SPEAKER_L: And there's not
SPEAKER_R: it is
SPEAKER_L: a unifying factor. So if you look at famous famous musicians, I guess professional musicians like classical and opera and so forth. A lot of them have degrees, but pick any popular musician,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: whether
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: it's,
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: of gatekeeping in this sort of classical,
SPEAKER_L: there is.
SPEAKER_R: like there's a there are certain things you're supposed to know
SPEAKER_L: Jazz
SPEAKER_R: and nobody
SPEAKER_L: as I went to the
SPEAKER_R: will take you seriously if you haven't yet. Yeah. True.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, piano. I've always been, I don't play any musical instruments. I've always been fascinated by piano. It's um I just listened to the new Fiona Apple album. I've been a fan of hers for a long time and she's, she composes on piano of course and it's interesting because pianos both a string instrument and a percussion instrument and so she's, I don't know if you're a fan of hers or not but I think she does a really good job of mixing both of those. So it can be very plaintive and melodic but can also be very quick coffin us and and aggressive and it's a fascinating instrument. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is a really fascinating instrument. I I uh I grew up playing um violent actually when I was a kid um because my dad is also a musician, he he was a lawyer when I was growing up, but now speaking of grad school, he's just finished his doctorate and choral conducting. Uh So
SPEAKER_L: lawyer musician.
SPEAKER_R: which
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Right.
SPEAKER_R: he's had an interesting career um and I'm uh he just well it was really unfortunate timing in terms of Covid, but uh but he just started a really, it seems like a really great sort of non profit um choir, and so they're like, like he like, well the choir, it's not it's not it's not a choir, the choir is not the purpose, the choir is the means. Um uh and they, you know, they raised its a he's raising money for various organizations
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: and he's selecting music and he has really fantastic singers with him. Um
SPEAKER_L: I like that idea. My wife and I are pretty philanthropic and we wanted, well like I said, I actually went to non profits, not that anybody making any money doing that. But one of us about the music, funny and one of them is about trying to provide resources for people who are homeless or anything and we have talked about that kind of thing I guess that's sort of what you're talking about, which is you know, even have a repertory theater, getting people off the streets, give them a place to live and why they do that. They produce plays and learn job skills and everything as a part of, as an idea. So it's like that's the kind of thing could be kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's awesome, that sounds, yeah, that sounds great.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I've got a million ideas. Maybe two or 3 are good, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's so hard, it's well, and that's kind of what that's the kind of thing that a lot of the national conversation is talking about right now is like there's so much sort of criminalization of homelessness or of like
SPEAKER_L: it's coming around. I mean long story short like I don't need to tell you my whole life story, but um I got sober three years ago and before that, like I had really kind of ruined my own life with my drinking and so I ended up living on the streets for a brief amount of time and you know, nobody, as far as I know, nobody chooses to be almost like you lose your home because of debt or because you lose your job and then things just slowly fall apart, have a place to live. Somebody chooses that. And I think this criminalizing of homelessness or even a criminalizing of mental health addiction and those kinds of things is really someplace where I think we're at a turning point that that needs to just come around and be reassessed.
SPEAKER_R: totally. Yeah, and it's, it's just, yeah, I mean then there's, you know, there's a lot of nonprofits that try to deal with that and there's also some, you know, there's very little government funding right now for um wow a lot of those sort of more social
SPEAKER_L: True. And I think we have to, especially with all of the protesting thing, we're going, we're at a point where we have to ask what is it we're wanting out of society. Like we have this society, we have all agreed to certain things without, not laws necessarily, but we've all agreed to certain cultural norms and everything and some of those that have been done away with a long time ago are still around. Um So I think we're at a hopefully a good reckoning, but that's all reassessed, you know? Um The covid thing is really bringing out a lot of those um with so many people being unemployed suddenly um and not having insurance because they don't have employment. Um We're gonna have a lot of folks who are, I just worry about, you know, just my own personal experience, I worry about people who maybe had really good jobs consistently and we're doing pretty well and now suddenly aren't. We're going to a lot of mental health, a lot of years of people dealing with depression and addiction issues coming out of this in my opinion. So
SPEAKER_R: totally,
SPEAKER_L: it worries me.
SPEAKER_R: I yeah, and it's hard to, it's, I mean this is this is something I've been saying over and over again since March or whatever is like there's just there's really no predicting all the waves of this sort of very global event um and it's so, so I'm like trying, I've been just kind of trying to figure out how to wrap my head around it in a way, like in a way where I can be continue to be useful and like I can
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I have that conversation a lot with myself is what you know, I don't know what I can do. I can vote and I can volunteer and do those kinds of things. But I really there's a lot of people who I don't know Everybody I've talked to in the last few months. I've had friends for 30 years and my wife and other people I know and everybody seems to be having this understandably existential crisis where we're all just completely confused, completely overwhelmed. I have no idea what one day is going to be like from the next. And uh you know, lots of people sleep problems and lots of people with all these kinds of things that we've never faced in this degree, not just the virus itself and dealing with the virus but the economic issues like I said the unemployment and all of it as is everybody is completely lost about what to do about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's yeah, I like I don't, I this is more something I complain about with like my sister or whatever and not something that I think is necessarily a super productive conversation point, but I do think it's it's meaningful that the president right now is not a good leader,
SPEAKER_L: He's not a leader at all in my opinion.
SPEAKER_R: He's like, and that's something like, like there are like I remember remember right when he got elected or even, you know, up until today or whatever, but people would say like when like he just needs to be just need to impeach him or whatever and and what I said then, which I think is right and wrong is well if we get pence, he's just going to do a better job of worse things of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: these
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: think he
SPEAKER_R: things.
SPEAKER_L: won't be any better. I don't think he's as narcissistic and selfish as trump is but still
SPEAKER_R: you don't think he would be more effective? Yeah he would be, he would be really like I just think he would be more effective at doing the bad things that
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: we already know
SPEAKER_L: possible.
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: And sometimes
SPEAKER_R: and and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: kind of play this hypothetical game which is suppose you were elected president, which may be something you will be that would be awesome. But if you were elected president like what would you do with being the most prominent powerful person in the country and you know, I think you and I would agree well I would want to motivate people, inspire them, comfort them, provide them with the resources that they need to succeed or to get by or survive. And this administration has done 100% the opposite of that. It's been divisive, it's been spiteful, it's divided families like how many families have just stopped talking to each other because they can't talk about politics, you know? And it's like what's the point? Like why do that? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: that's also a failure, like that's a that's a success of a certain type of rhetoric that well
SPEAKER_L: Well what,
SPEAKER_R: but I also think it's failure of this is this is something that I've been thinking a lot about it, I don't think I've really made any progress on. Uh but
SPEAKER_L: That's good though, It's a it's a process, it's always a process. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean it's you know, I'm married to a librarian so and we're both highly educated, formally educated, you know that's not bragging or anything but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, no
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: no there really isn't an in point like you come to all these realizations and then those bring on new realizations and new questions and like Plato said that the pursuit of learning, the pursuit of knowledge is an ongoing thing. I never ends. So as long as you're on that path of questioning
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: and learning keep doing it.
SPEAKER_R: I just think, I think I think there's a there's a type of empathy that I valued, like there's a there's there's something about empathy or words similar words to that
SPEAKER_L: Empathy
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: is a great word. It's been on my mind a lot lately.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but that I think is is is really missing in a lot of the conversations that were kind of having as a society.
SPEAKER_L: it absolutely is. I think you've really hit the one of the key stones in my opinion which is on the one hand, americans and being a Texan. That's especially true for myself. Born and raised is individualism is what is really one of our big traits as americans and that's fine. But when we have to unite, when we have to come together for each other, people who are incapable of that selfishly are really causing trouble. Dangerous, deadly trouble
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and can do a lot of damage
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: can, especially because I think, I think there's also why this is, I don't think this is a unique, Well, I know it's not a uniquely american thing, but um uh there's a certain there are certain there are certain groups and ideologies like fascist with, like with with very individualist narratives that find ways to be to work very community when they have uh when they're they have a common goal or like, and uh, I'm trying to like, I I just read a really troubling account of um motorcycle gangs or like, groups of, you know, white nationalist, motorcycle
SPEAKER_L: Skinhead group, White supremacist group.
SPEAKER_R: and I and I think it sounded like it was like a couple of different sort of factions or something, but it was this was in um like north of me in Minnesota, like um Yeah, and I was thinking about like about what, how how groups like that function and and what they function on
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's there's a whole psychology behind it and it's a herd mentality which sometimes can be very good. I mean we've gotten to this point of survival because of herd mentality, you know, we have to agree on certain things and support each other but in the end if it's if it's a flawed goal in the beginning there's a weird I can't remember the name of is there's a weird human trait and everybody is susceptible to it where people, if they believe a certain thing, you know, very wholeheartedly. But my hands look weird at that angle. Um It's at least in the whole heartedly and they're presented with evidence like factual evidence that refuse like is contrary to what they believe instead of changing their opinion, they doubled down on their original beliefs. So if there's a con man or somebody who's a swindler who duped somebody, it's pointed out that that person is a con man or a swindler, the person that was duped will still support the con man instead of changing their opinion, we have this huge,
SPEAKER_R: because they don't want to be
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: wrong.
SPEAKER_L: don't want to be wrong,
SPEAKER_R: Is that?
SPEAKER_L: they don't want to admit that they were wrong and so they just keep keep on with the fake narrative. It's weird, it's a weird thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but there's so many, there's so many little um potholes in human, like psychological function or something that I think it's kind of comical, it's like that doesn't make sense.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: you would think if you have more, you know, you have more evidence, you have more facts and you say ok, I'm going to I'll change to that thing,
SPEAKER_L: Because it's
SPEAKER_R: but there's
SPEAKER_L: it's harder to change, it's harder to question your original beliefs or to even go against your original beliefs that were flawed than it is to stick with the unknown, whether it's factual is harder and more work than the lie that, you know, it's a weird human bug psychology bug
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, totally, I was I so I guess we're where we are almost young, we're almost
SPEAKER_L: we've
SPEAKER_R: at our 25
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: minutes.
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: Looks like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, about two minutes left.
SPEAKER_R: I have an idea that I
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: yeah, maybe you can help me work through a little
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: bit
SPEAKER_L: for it? I like ideas
SPEAKER_R: New Year's Day this year. Um uh to or within within a few days of that too. Works of I posted an instagram story about this, which is where I apparently post my essays because
SPEAKER_L: that happens. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: because it's like how like I was trying to put this together. But um There were two like works of sort of um narrative, personal narrative um something yeah, I had better words
SPEAKER_L: like essays
SPEAKER_R: for it. But
SPEAKER_L: or something or
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, but they were but one of them was a podcast and one of them was a video, a video essay um uh uh by two. Yeah. Well people I follow like it was it was just interesting that they happened right next to each other in temporarily,
SPEAKER_L: Just coincidentally.
SPEAKER_R: even though I don't. Yeah. Um and Yeah, one of them was a podcast um by a comedian named Jamie Loftus uh called my year in MENSA. It was, it was a short, like a short series of four part
SPEAKER_L: Uh I have to check
SPEAKER_R: podcast
SPEAKER_L: that out.
SPEAKER_R: that she made. Yeah, it's, I mean I actually should probably listen to it again. It was her, it's her talking about um sort of online vitriol and uh alt right attacks on her personal attacks on her. Um but also but also like just specific types of, just, just, it was just her observations in what happened when she joined MENSA basically like as a joke. Well there wasn't, not, not in quotes because it wasn't as a joke, but like she was just doing it cause you thought it would be funny, but she didn't kind of realize what it would maybe mean. And so she was writing articles, she's a convenience and she was writing stuff about it um about what the MENSA test was and then what happened after. Um And so this is a podcast about like her joining MENSA and then being really not accepted for because she was making fun of men's and her articles because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: thought it was funny because it is
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: that gatekeeping
SPEAKER_R: And then.
SPEAKER_L: kind of in a way, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then and there were a lot there's a lot of very I mean people like that. It's it's yeah it's very weird and they have this they have this superiority complex
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: because they're in
SPEAKER_L: an
SPEAKER_R: MENSA.
SPEAKER_L: an elitism that comes along with being an immense A Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's a specific kind of person. It seems like you know like I'm not in MENSA. I know that I could be because I was in gifted when I was in public
SPEAKER_L: Me too. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: schools or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: I was in the GT program through through public schooling.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it's like you know but I don't but I think obviously yeah so the first part of her podcast is also saying like first of all this is wrong like I. Q. Tests aren't or like the MENSA test or whatever it is. This is not like this is not you can't standardize this and this isn't fair to the many different types of human intelligence.
SPEAKER_L: correct. Yeah, that's been a long
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: term criticism of mints A
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's well it's silly but anyway so she but she she made this and it was just it was kind of a I I should listen to it again. It's been a while.
SPEAKER_L: I'll check it out too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The other thing that was that came out I think it was January two. was a video essay by um Youtuber that I really like. Not uncritically and is a little bit of a controversial figure in a few different ways. Um Her name is contra points. Um uh She she's a trans woman who makes sort of
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: leftist. Um
SPEAKER_L: I'll check that out too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she's really interesting and she's a controversial figure In a few different ways. But this video that she put out on January two was a video called canceling. And it was a pretty deep dive into what specifically like sort of queer leftist or or um uh liberal or something like
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'll
SPEAKER_R: groups
SPEAKER_L: check that out too. That's both
SPEAKER_R: of people.
SPEAKER_L: things that I shouldn't know about. Yeah, and I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, it's great.
SPEAKER_L: hate to say this is a fascinating conversation, but I really have to go to the bathroom breaks. I'm going to shut it down if that's okay. It's been a delight party. We'll talk
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: you for a long time. You seem like you're a very intelligent, insightful, skeptical person. So, but the bladder calls, I apologize. It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, totally, totally. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: been a plastic,
SPEAKER_R: I just wanted to, yeah. Yeah. Nice to meet
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: care