How
do you Hey? Hear me?
Okay, I can hear you too.
Have you? This is the second time I've done one of these is kind of trippy.
Let me start our stopwatch because I lost track of time last time and it was like 30 minutes. Okay. There we go.
central.
Where,
where last time I got somebody from texas. I'm from texas, but I live in Missouri right now. So
uh huh Minneapolis. What's going on there? Huh? From
what I've
heard?
Twin cities home of Prince and bob Dylan.
from what
I hear.
Does
this bother you if I take a sip of water or you know
that I'll be quiet
about it. Okay.
I have a weird sound sensitivity and like the sound of people eating or anything like that drives me nuts.
Are you familiar with the disorder called Miss a Phone? Yah, that's what it is. That's great to hear actually. That's a great way to start out. I've had it since the early 80s and that's probably one of the weirdest things about me. Um, but I have a nonprofit that is to try to spread awareness about it because it's really, I can't go out to eat or anything like that, so I stay home a lot because of it.
it's good that awareness is spreading. It's, it's a hard thing to wrap your mind around. Like it's
just like a weird sound activity and
Yeah, I'm participating in some research, um, to try to understand it better. And it's kind of while because like I said, I'm old, I'm 45, I started experiencing it in about fourth grade, is I don't remember. but it didn't have a name until about 2000 and one and I just thought I was like this weird freaky guy who, who couldn't, you know, concentrate when somebody was like eating in the room with me and um
just very yeah.
it
is and I'm not I'm a pretty low key chill guy most of the time. And it's weird because it's totally normal sounds that aren't loud, like pen clicking or you can ask my wife, she's got a whole list of them uh and uh and it's this panic and anger feeling that comes up from a completely innocuous sound. It's not dangerous and it's really hard to okay understand if you have it and even hard to understand if you don't so that's great that you know about it.
I'm
sorry to hear
that.
What?
Well
it's changed a lot. I was on 2007 or 2000 and I had to account for a long time and back in the old days it was very it was a lot different, there's a lot of difference.
I remember it. I didn't really watch it now.
not any either.
I remember the old one, yeah, back when it first started, it was like a reality tv pioneering kind of thing.
true.
what it's
all about,
yeah. And I wonder if that taints the, the experience of the product because my background is in theater and we always talk about how the observed act is impure. So if you do something like if I'm just sitting around, you know, doing whatever, petting the cat or whatever, it's I do it one way, but if I know somebody's watching me that I'm going to behave differently, you know, So
I'm sure that affects it.
that's very
There's actually a career path for physics, not theater, so I commend him for that,
you know how, you know how it is, there's more of a career path for music than there is for performing arts, but what instruments do you play your singing or?
We got nothing but time.
Very
you
never will, I don't, I've been around for decades, it doesn't get any different, yeah,
yeah.
Very
yeah,
there's a lot of crossover,
you get a lot of musicians who do you know the performance, whether
it's acting in a play or performing in a band or whatever, it's
all performing arts.
I
think a lot of
higher education places are, it's lots changing, you know when I was in college it was a there was a different approach and I'm not even so sure, especially for liberal arts, everything if colleges even really necessary, especially graduate school. This is just my opinion. I'm a little cranky about it, but I don't think I have an M. F. A. In directing and I don't really think it was necessary for anything unless I was going into teaching. But then you're teaching teachers to teach future teachers to teach. And you know, it's just a self serving cycle. And so I would discourage anybody who's really serious about performing arts and music from even going to grad school or college, just get out there and do it, you know?
Yeah.
And there's not
a unifying factor. So if you look at famous famous musicians, I guess professional musicians like classical and opera and so forth. A lot of them have degrees, but pick any popular musician,
whether
it's,
you know,
there is.
Jazz
as I went to the
yeah, piano. I've always been, I don't play any musical instruments. I've always been fascinated by piano. It's um I just listened to the new Fiona Apple album. I've been a fan of hers for a long time and she's, she composes on piano of course and it's interesting because pianos both a string instrument and a percussion instrument and so she's, I don't know if you're a fan of hers or not but I think she does a really good job of mixing both of those. So it can be very plaintive and melodic but can also be very quick coffin us and and aggressive and it's a fascinating instrument. Mhm.
lawyer musician.
That's awesome. Right.
very
I like that idea. My wife and I are pretty philanthropic and we wanted, well like I said, I actually went to non profits, not that anybody making any money doing that. But one of us about the music, funny and one of them is about trying to provide resources for people who are homeless or anything and we have talked about that kind of thing I guess that's sort of what you're talking about, which is you know, even have a repertory theater, getting people off the streets, give them a place to live and why they do that. They produce plays and learn job skills and everything as a part of, as an idea. So it's like that's the kind of thing could be kind of cool.
I don't know, I've got a million ideas. Maybe two or 3 are good, I don't know.
it's coming around. I mean long story short like I don't need to tell you my whole life story, but um I got sober three years ago and before that, like I had really kind of ruined my own life with my drinking and so I ended up living on the streets for a brief amount of time and you know, nobody, as far as I know, nobody chooses to be almost like you lose your home because of debt or because you lose your job and then things just slowly fall apart, have a place to live. Somebody chooses that. And I think this criminalizing of homelessness or even a criminalizing of mental health addiction and those kinds of things is really someplace where I think we're at a turning point that that needs to just come around and be reassessed.
True. And I think we have to, especially with all of the protesting thing, we're going, we're at a point where we have to ask what is it we're wanting out of society. Like we have this society, we have all agreed to certain things without, not laws necessarily, but we've all agreed to certain cultural norms and everything and some of those that have been done away with a long time ago are still around. Um So I think we're at a hopefully a good reckoning, but that's all reassessed, you know? Um The covid thing is really bringing out a lot of those um with so many people being unemployed suddenly um and not having insurance because they don't have employment. Um We're gonna have a lot of folks who are, I just worry about, you know, just my own personal experience, I worry about people who maybe had really good jobs consistently and we're doing pretty well and now suddenly aren't. We're going to a lot of mental health, a lot of years of people dealing with depression and addiction issues coming out of this in my opinion. So
it worries me.
Mhm. I have that conversation a lot with myself is what you know, I don't know what I can do. I can vote and I can volunteer and do those kinds of things. But I really there's a lot of people who I don't know Everybody I've talked to in the last few months. I've had friends for 30 years and my wife and other people I know and everybody seems to be having this understandably existential crisis where we're all just completely confused, completely overwhelmed. I have no idea what one day is going to be like from the next. And uh you know, lots of people sleep problems and lots of people with all these kinds of things that we've never faced in this degree, not just the virus itself and dealing with the virus but the economic issues like I said the unemployment and all of it as is everybody is completely lost about what to do about it.
He's not a leader at all in my opinion.
I
don't
think he
won't be any better. I don't think he's as narcissistic and selfish as trump is but still
very
possible.
And sometimes
I
kind of play this hypothetical game which is suppose you were elected president, which may be something you will be that would be awesome. But if you were elected president like what would you do with being the most prominent powerful person in the country and you know, I think you and I would agree well I would want to motivate people, inspire them, comfort them, provide them with the resources that they need to succeed or to get by or survive. And this administration has done 100% the opposite of that. It's been divisive, it's been spiteful, it's divided families like how many families have just stopped talking to each other because they can't talk about politics, you know? And it's like what's the point? Like why do that? Mhm
Well what,
That's good though, It's a it's a process, it's always a process. Mhm.
Well I mean it's you know, I'm married to a librarian so and we're both highly educated, formally educated, you know that's not bragging or anything but
there's
no there really isn't an in point like you come to all these realizations and then those bring on new realizations and new questions and like Plato said that the pursuit of learning, the pursuit of knowledge is an ongoing thing. I never ends. So as long as you're on that path of questioning
and learning keep doing it.
Empathy
is a great word. It's been on my mind a lot lately.
it absolutely is. I think you've really hit the one of the key stones in my opinion which is on the one hand, americans and being a Texan. That's especially true for myself. Born and raised is individualism is what is really one of our big traits as americans and that's fine. But when we have to unite, when we have to come together for each other, people who are incapable of that selfishly are really causing trouble. Dangerous, deadly trouble
for
Skinhead group, White supremacist group.
Yeah it's there's a whole psychology behind it and it's a herd mentality which sometimes can be very good. I mean we've gotten to this point of survival because of herd mentality, you know, we have to agree on certain things and support each other but in the end if it's if it's a flawed goal in the beginning there's a weird I can't remember the name of is there's a weird human trait and everybody is susceptible to it where people, if they believe a certain thing, you know, very wholeheartedly. But my hands look weird at that angle. Um It's at least in the whole heartedly and they're presented with evidence like factual evidence that refuse like is contrary to what they believe instead of changing their opinion, they doubled down on their original beliefs. So if there's a con man or somebody who's a swindler who duped somebody, it's pointed out that that person is a con man or a swindler, the person that was duped will still support the con man instead of changing their opinion, we have this huge,
they
don't want to be wrong,
they don't want to admit that they were wrong and so they just keep keep on with the fake narrative. It's weird, it's a weird thing.
it
doesn't
Because it's
it's harder to change, it's harder to question your original beliefs or to even go against your original beliefs that were flawed than it is to stick with the unknown, whether it's factual is harder and more work than the lie that, you know, it's a weird human bug psychology bug
we've
got
about
Yeah, about two minutes left.
What
go
for it? I like ideas
that happens. Yeah,
like essays
or something or
Just coincidentally.
Uh I have to check
that out.
I
see.
It's
that gatekeeping
kind of in a way, Yeah.
There's
an
an elitism that comes along with being an immense A Yeah.
Me too. Yeah,
I was in the GT program through through public schooling.
correct. Yeah, that's been a long
term criticism of mints A
I'll check it out too. Yeah.
No.
I'll check that out too. Yeah.
yeah, I'll
check that out too. That's both
things that I shouldn't know about. Yeah, and I
hate to say this is a fascinating conversation, but I really have to go to the bathroom breaks. I'm going to shut it down if that's okay. It's been a delight party. We'll talk
to
you for a long time. You seem like you're a very intelligent, insightful, skeptical person. So, but the bladder calls, I apologize. It's
been a plastic,
take
care