Hello?
Can you hear me? Oh, I can hear you.
Perfect
seem. Yeah, I did one well whenever it was a month ago or something,
what time zone are you in?
Great. Me
too.
That's great. Yeah, I'm in Minneapolis.
Yeah, I know there's a lot
going
on here. For sure,
correct. Yeah.
Prince
people have been, it was just Prince's birthday not too long ago. Some people were we heard about about that too. That
was
that.
No,
that's good.
Yeah, I have a couple of friends who are like that as well, but I'm not like that. So
wow. No way. Like you have, wow. Yeah, that's great. That's wow, that's really interesting. I like, yeah, I have a couple of friends. I like this was something that I read about in high school, like on the internet, I was just like, oh that's interesting. And then I and then later met people. Yeah, I probably know like four people um
totally.
Is it like, like are you looking are you trying to figure out ways to make it better or like?
Yeah and you can have like an emotional response to I know it
can be different, it's different for different people but a lot of people get just really mad and if you get mad it's hard
to.
Yeah. Yeah. Well I spent a lot of time on Reddit in high
school
and I
yeah so I yeah it was well it was I would say in some ways it was kind of a different Not it was a different time. I'm 25 so I was in high
school not that long ago
but
and it's and I think there you know that it's a so much of the internet I was actually just I was just talking to my friend you haven't watched the show Survivor have you?
It's it's a really interesting show. I don't really watch a lot of tv like that. Um
But um but I've been talking about it with a friend, my sister is really into it and a lot of people have gotten into it sort of over the past few months they had a major season is their 40th season. They do two seasons a year. So it's been on for 20 years. And
yeah it was well it was major, yeah and and and it's and we were yeah, we were talking about how the show has kind of changed and I think uh well we hypothesized that a big reason that the show has changed or a big way that it has changed is um that the players are aware more aware of what reality television is and
kind of what they're signing up for and also, you know. Well, yeah, just the way it just the way a game like that operates in the first season of Survivor, nobody knew what was going on. And now, even if people come in not having studied the game, they still go in knowing more
about
what a reality competition like this might be
totally.
Yeah. There's the, there's the um over, I don't know, and really anything to say to say about this other than the idea, but there's the quantum like wave wave particle effect. Like, and, and like, I don't like this. My brother is a a physics student, so, and he's done a lot of um, I mean, he's he's, yeah, he's he's um, he's going to be a junior next year, so he's not in college,
so he's not like
Yeah. I mean, I make good music.
I am. Uh, I know the answer, I don't know why it took me a moment,
right? Yeah, I so my primary instrument was jazz slash contemporary piano, like, so um but but I wasn't, you know, I went to a liberal arts college and it wasn't like, it wasn't an audition, it wasn't a conservatory, it wasn't an audition based thing, it was like, you can major in it and but everybody has a performance. Um like
it's a it's a relatively performance based major, and so everybody has an instrument that they work on and stuff, but um that wasn't necessarily like my major, like, Mhm. That was something that I did and that I benefit from the the skill of and stuff, but I was more interested in like conducting and composition. I actually use a theater. I uh I'm I'm a little um not sure of what my life looks like right now, but
we'll,
but I am uh I'm trying to figure out ways to get into music direction for musical theater. Um
My mom was was, well, she was really into musical theater and she also taught um voice to musical theater students, um uh
like college students. Uh and and so uh yeah, also, I mean I also had a lot of friends in the theater major and they uh in college and um Mcallister went to Mcallister College. Um
uh
and
totally,
totally.
Yes, especially people who are attracted to a liberal arts school tend to, they attended. I want to do all kinds of different things. And Mcallister's theater department is very sort of, well, it's kind of, it's gone through a number of identity crises in the past few decades
or
so.
Yeah, I think there's definitely like i there's definitely a lot that you can gain from the type of things that you learn in college, but it's definitely not the only way. And if you look at the people who have been successful, like you mean, you can look at movie stars and whatever, but you can also look at just people who are working right now, a lot
of them went to college and grad school and a lot of them didn't. So
it is
and
there's
also
of gatekeeping in this sort of classical,
like there's a there are certain things you're supposed to know
and nobody
will take you seriously if you haven't yet. Yeah. True.
Yeah, it is a really fascinating instrument. I I uh I grew up playing um violent actually when I was a kid um because my dad is also a musician, he he was a lawyer when I was growing up, but now speaking of grad school, he's just finished his doctorate and choral conducting. Uh So
which
he's had an interesting career um and I'm uh he just well it was really unfortunate timing in terms of Covid, but uh but he just started a really, it seems like a really great sort of non profit um choir, and so they're like, like he like, well the choir, it's not it's not it's not a choir, the choir is not the purpose, the choir is the means. Um uh and they, you know, they raised its a he's raising money for various organizations
and he's selecting music and he has really fantastic singers with him. Um
Yeah, that's awesome, that sounds, yeah, that sounds great.
Yeah, it's so hard, it's well, and that's kind of what that's the kind of thing that a lot of the national conversation is talking about right now is like there's so much sort of criminalization of homelessness or of like
totally. Yeah, and it's, it's just, yeah, I mean then there's, you know, there's a lot of nonprofits that try to deal with that and there's also some, you know, there's very little government funding right now for um wow a lot of those sort of more social
totally,
I yeah, and it's hard to, it's, I mean this is this is something I've been saying over and over again since March or whatever is like there's just there's really no predicting all the waves of this sort of very global event um and it's so, so I'm like trying, I've been just kind of trying to figure out how to wrap my head around it in a way, like in a way where I can be continue to be useful and like I can
Yeah and it's yeah, I like I don't, I this is more something I complain about with like my sister or whatever and not something that I think is necessarily a super productive conversation point, but I do think it's it's meaningful that the president right now is not a good leader,
He's like, and that's something like, like there are like I remember remember right when he got elected or even, you know, up until today or whatever, but people would say like when like he just needs to be just need to impeach him or whatever and and what I said then, which I think is right and wrong is well if we get pence, he's just going to do a better job of worse things of
these
bad
things.
you don't think he would be more effective? Yeah he would be, he would be really like I just think he would be more effective at doing the bad things that
we already know
about
and and
Sorry?
that's also a failure, like that's a that's a success of a certain type of rhetoric that well
but I also think it's failure of this is this is something that I've been thinking a lot about it, I don't think I've really made any progress on. Uh but
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. No, no
I am.
totally.
I just think, I think I think there's a there's a type of empathy that I valued, like there's a there's there's something about empathy or words similar words to that
that
Yeah, but that I think is is is really missing in a lot of the conversations that were kind of having as a society.
yeah, and can do a lot of damage
can, especially because I think, I think there's also why this is, I don't think this is a unique, Well, I know it's not a uniquely american thing, but um uh there's a certain there are certain there are certain groups and ideologies like fascist with, like with with very individualist narratives that find ways to be to work very community when they have uh when they're they have a common goal or like, and uh, I'm trying to like, I I just read a really troubling account of um motorcycle gangs or like, groups of, you know, white nationalist, motorcycle
and I and I think it sounded like it was like a couple of different sort of factions or something, but it was this was in um like north of me in Minnesota, like um Yeah, and I was thinking about like about what, how how groups like that function and and what they function on
because they don't want to be
wrong.
Is that?
Yeah, but there's so many, there's so many little um potholes in human, like psychological function or something that I think it's kind of comical, it's like that doesn't make sense.
Like
you would think if you have more, you know, you have more evidence, you have more facts and you say ok, I'm going to I'll change to that thing,
but there's
Yeah, totally, I was I so I guess we're where we are almost young, we're almost
at our 25
minutes.
Looks like
I have an idea that I
yeah, maybe you can help me work through a little
bit
New Year's Day this year. Um uh to or within within a few days of that too. Works of I posted an instagram story about this, which is where I apparently post my essays because
because it's like how like I was trying to put this together. But um There were two like works of sort of um narrative, personal narrative um something yeah, I had better words
for it. But
yeah, yeah, but they were but one of them was a podcast and one of them was a video, a video essay um uh uh by two. Yeah. Well people I follow like it was it was just interesting that they happened right next to each other in temporarily,
even though I don't. Yeah. Um and Yeah, one of them was a podcast um by a comedian named Jamie Loftus uh called my year in MENSA. It was, it was a short, like a short series of four part
podcast
that she made. Yeah, it's, I mean I actually should probably listen to it again. It was her, it's her talking about um sort of online vitriol and uh alt right attacks on her personal attacks on her. Um but also but also like just specific types of, just, just, it was just her observations in what happened when she joined MENSA basically like as a joke. Well there wasn't, not, not in quotes because it wasn't as a joke, but like she was just doing it cause you thought it would be funny, but she didn't kind of realize what it would maybe mean. And so she was writing articles, she's a convenience and she was writing stuff about it um about what the MENSA test was and then what happened after. Um And so this is a podcast about like her joining MENSA and then being really not accepted for because she was making fun of men's and her articles because
she
thought it was funny because it is
funny.
And then.
and then and there were a lot there's a lot of very I mean people like that. It's it's yeah it's very weird and they have this they have this superiority complex
because they're in
MENSA.
Yeah and it's a specific kind of person. It seems like you know like I'm not in MENSA. I know that I could be because I was in gifted when I was in public
schools or whatever.
Yeah so it's like you know but I don't but I think obviously yeah so the first part of her podcast is also saying like first of all this is wrong like I. Q. Tests aren't or like the MENSA test or whatever it is. This is not like this is not you can't standardize this and this isn't fair to the many different types of human intelligence.
And
yeah it's well it's silly but anyway so she but she she made this and it was just it was kind of a I I should listen to it again. It's been a while.
The other thing that was that came out I think it was January two. was a video essay by um Youtuber that I really like. Not uncritically and is a little bit of a controversial figure in a few different ways. Um Her name is contra points. Um uh She she's a trans woman who makes sort of
leftist. Um
Yeah she's really interesting and she's a controversial figure In a few different ways. But this video that she put out on January two was a video called canceling. And it was a pretty deep dive into what specifically like sort of queer leftist or or um uh liberal or something like
groups
of people.
Yeah. No, it's great.
that's
fine.
Yeah, totally, totally. Yeah,
I just wanted to, yeah. Yeah. Nice to meet
you.